Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker sat in his sixth period chemistry class pondering which chemical compound could knock him out for long enough to miss the rest of the class. (It didn’t take much thought for him, of course, but he didn’t have much else to do so he drew the process out.)	“Class, this is the moment you’ve all been waiting for!” Ms. Warren announced from the front of the room. Her genuine smile proved that Peter’s signature Parker Luck was about to kick in again.	“It’s time to announce where our field trip this year will be!” The teacher bounced her shoulders in anticipation, “Drumroll, please!”	The class did not give her a drumroll.	“We’re going toooo……. Stark Tower!” She announced cheerfully, throwing her hands up in the air in excitement.	Peter needed to have a nice, calm little chat with whatever force was controlling his life.	“Psst. Hey, Penis!” Peter felt a wad of paper hit him in the back of the head. This wasn’t unusual for Flash Thompson, his bully of five years. He really needed some new material.	“The SPED school has some openings. You can transfer once your fake internship gets out.” Flash stage whispered.	“You know, Thompson, you shouldn’t talk about the SPED school like it’s an insult to go there. It’s rude and ableist.” MJ chimed in to the conversation. Peter and Ned nodded along with her.	“Ugh. You feminists make no sense. Everything has to be so fucking PC these days.” Flash complained.	The other three students shared a look to make sure that his statement hasn’t made sense to any of them, then MJ said:	“I’m sorry, Eugene. I should have known better than to ask you to show basic human decency.” She gave him a sickly-sweet smile and turned back to her crisis journal. She was sketching Peter’s face when he heard about where the field trip was. The page was labeled ‘Distressed.’ Seemed about right.That night, Peter asked his Aunt May to sign the permission form for the trip. She laughed the entire time and marked the date on her calendar. It was scheduled for the following Thursday, leaving six days for Peter to regret his poor life choices.“Do they need chaperones?” May asked, “This could be entertaining.”After Peter had assured his aunt that the SI interns ran tours without chaperones, she sent him to bed with a forehead kiss and a laugh. Sleep came almost too soon, as did the next five days.Before he knew it, Peter was rolling out of bed with ten minutes left before he had to leave for school. The teenager looked at his alarm clock, wondering why it hadn’t gone off. It was covered in haphazardly shot webs. Well. That explains that.Peter threw on a pair of jeans from his bedroom floor and found a clean science t-shirt hanging in his closet. It showed three Heliums as they appeared on the periodic table (He He He) and was captioned “Laughing Gas.” It was one of his favorites.He made it to the school slightly out of breath just as the last student was getting on the bus. He smiled apologetically at the teacher checking names off, and found a seat across the aisle from MJ and Ned.Flash messed with him the entire bus ride to the tower. He only relented when the bus stopped in the drop-off lane and Ms. Warren called for silence.“Students, we are about to enter the tower. Please remember that going on field trips is a privilege, not a right. You will respect our tour guide. Any failure to comply with their rules and you will spend the remainder of our time here alone on the bus. You will have three strikes” She scanned the bus, looking for signs of disagreement. Upon finding none, she released the students from the bus.Peter’s classmates started up the tower, shielding their eyes as they tried to see the top. The group eventually moved forward into the wide open lobby of the first ground floor of Stark Tower. There was one other school group waiting to start their tour.Ms. Warren walked up to the desk to check them in. A pretty dark haired college student ran over with two plastic tubs full of name badges.“Peter!” She exclaimed as the reached him. “Thank God you’re here! I’ve been the only intern here all day and I need some help.”“Sure, what’s up Jade?” Jade Harper was one of the other nine interns at SI. The two had grown close recently.“Well they somehow booked me to run two tours at the same time this afternoon. If I work with that group over there,” she motioned towards the far group, “can you run the tour for this group? There’s no other interns in right now.” She gave him pleading eyes.“But Jade, this is my -”“Perfect! I knew I could count on you!” Jade shoved the top plastic bin of IDs into Peter’s arms. Giving him a quick and friendly peck on the cheek, she jogged off to the other side of the room.Peter turned around to face his his shocked classmates.“But… I thought Flash said you were lying about your internship?” Dot, a quiet girl from his class, asked timidly.“Well, I’m afraid that Flash was lying to you.” Peter gave her a smile, attempting to push down the anxiet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & The Avengers

freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Fluff and Humor
Thor causes some chaos
but its small chaos so its okay
if you squint there's stucky
if you squint harder there's peter/MJ
karaoke shenanigans
thor is the patron god of lebians
peter is the adorable son of all the avengers
Iron Dad
mod Em wrote and Claire betad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & The Avengers

