Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time he saw Peter, Tony had to do a double-take. He'd been running late for a meeting and was close to his wits end. With a frustrated sigh, he leaned forward to rap impatiently against the tinted divider window that seperated the front of the sleek car, from the back. Happy was being well, anything but happy as he pressed the button, activating the sliding glass. Tony sat back against the expensive leather, crossing his legs with annoyance. "Find a shortcut, drive down the shoulder, run over an old lady, I don't care. Just get me to this meeting on time." Happy pulled a sour face, but nodded firmly as he flicked on his blinker to turn right at the red light. He was almost positive that every route would take the same amount of minutes, but Tony was the type to be satisfied so long as they kept moving at a decent speed. Effort was all it took. It had been a motto of his ever since the beginning, and it was one that he was sure to pass on to most of the parents in his community. Effort. Effort was enough to pull Tony from his slumps, help him get back onto his two feet and become the great man that he was today. Of course, his husband Steve Rogers had something to do with it as well. The man helped him come to Jesus, as most would say. Except that Jesus was his taboo inner desires. Ever since his young adulthood, Tony had a nagging in the back of his mind. At first, he pushed his vile thoughts away, continuously day after day. It drove him to seek out professional help, which only backfired when the sniveling therapist of his tried to reach out to legal officials. Tony Stark wasn't sick, he just had...differences. Was it so wrong of him to want to care for another on a deeper, more intimate level? Tony wanted nothing more than to be nurturing, but a part of him craved something else. He wanted full control over a person. To make them dependent on him for every single thing, from food, to shelter, to love, and much more. That wasn't so wrong of him, but he didn't know that until he came in contact with a gentleman that taught him to embrace those urges.  Together the two of them built a special community, filled with New Yorks richest and finest couples who shared Tony's same interests of starting a 'family'. A whole area, just to themselves, with a down-town shopping center, two daycares, a hospital, parks, resturants, stores, whatever was needed for their community to survive and grow. Money was no problem for the Starks, and so long as Tony's company continued to create weapons and technology for the government and military, they gratefully turned a blind eye. "Mr. Stark, Steve is trying to contact you." The voice rang into his ear, causing Tony to snap out of his daydreaming. They were in the downtown parts of some beat up looking city, and Tony had briefly gotten distracted by the blur of dirty brick buildings. The billionaire cleared his throat, before calmly stating 'answer'. Immediately his ear was filled with the rough labored breathing of his husband. Tony chuckled, the twinkle coming back to his once agitated eyes. "Thinking of me?" He playfully responded before his husband could speak the first greeting. Steve laughed back, and Tony just knew that from the sound of his voice, his husband had been rolling his eyes. "No, actually. Just finishing my morning routines." Ah, yes. Every morning Steve would wake up at exactly 6:00 AM to get in a few good hours of working out before starting the days events. Both men were constantly busy, but as of recently, the two of them had been planning to open up their schedule to allow more free time. It took such efforts to start up the community, that Steve and Tony never found the right time to get a little one of their own. Now that the town had thrived and was a booming community, the husbands decided it was the perfect moment."Without me there to watch? I thought we agreed you'd give me a fifteen minute peeping window each time.." Tony continued, loving how it was so easy to tease his slightly younger, but much beefier lover. While he spoke, Tony's attention turned back to the window, idly glancing out as the car came to another red light stop. Steve chuckled again, loud noises clanking in the background as he presumably climbed off the work out machine. His husband was speaking, chiming back with a banter-filled remark, but for once, Tony's attention was placed elsewhere.Underneath the light, off to the side, stood a small, lanky young male. His backpack was slung lazily over one shoulder, stuffed to the brim with books and papers that threatened to spill out of the unzipped top. Tony was shocked that the rough looking bag was able to hold in all of it's contents, but that was nothing but a fleeting thought. At first, Tony had simply scanned the boy, but his eyes were immediately pulled back so that he could take a closer, more detailed look. This male looked fragile, youthful, charismatic, or so Tony assumed by the way hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Starker
Aged-Up Peter Parker
Dark Tony Stark
Stockholm Syndrome
Rape/Non-con Elements
Infantilism
Forced Feminization
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Difference
Age Play
Non-Consensual Spanking
Tony Stark Has Issues
Daddy Kink
Baby food
Forced Relationship
Forced
Forced Feeding
Forced Eye Contact
Punishment
Kink Community
super family
In a sick and twisted way
Dark Steve Rogers
Littles
pull ups
Toddler Peter
Daddy Tony
Daddy Steve
Forced age regression
Age Regression/De-Aging
Alternate Universe
no powers
Kidnapping
Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Mouth popping
Threats
Lots of Crying
Brainwashing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

