Work Text:
Steve still couldn’t believe what had happened. He hadn’t mean for things to go as terribly as they did. He just wanted to stop Tony. He wanted to prevent another Ultron from being created. He hadn’t meant to kill him!Wanda’s words had terrified him. If Ultron was able to cause so much damage in such a small period of time, the potential damage TWO Ultrons could do was overwhelming! When Steve had thrown his shield in the workshop, he could only think about one thing: stopping Tony. He hadn’t thought about the fact that he’s a super soldier. He hadn’t thought about the fact that his shield was made out of vibranium. And he definitely hadn’t thought about the fact that Tony was a baseline human outside of the Iron Man suit.Steve had miscalculated and the shield ricocheted and ended up hitting Tony instead of hitting all of the machines being used. The scene was a thing of nightmare and Steve struggled to get the memory out of his head. Seeing the shield crash into Tony’s chest. Watching the force of the shield send Tony flying backwards into the monitors behind him. Seeing the look of shock and pain on his face. And the horrible,  horrible  sound of Tony’s ribs being crushed and shattered. It was like it was all in slow motion.The world had froze for a second before it suddenly erupted into chaos. The Hulk suddenly burst lose, grabbed Steve and threw him into a wall. Before Steve even had a chance to recover, the Hulk was suddenly on top of him, punching and roaring. Through the chaos, he could hear Pietro and Clint fighting below. Then the Hulk was suddenly throw off of him by a cloud of red. By the time he was able to sit back up, it was in time to watch the Hulk crush Wanda’s head in his hands. Steve didn’t even have a chance to be horrified by the shocking display of violence (the splatter of blood and brains would continue to haunt Steve…) before the Hulk was back on top of him, strangling him. Steve could feel the leg under the Hulk’s foot shatter and he tried to let out a scream, but the Hulk’s grip was tightening and the world was starting to fade. Before the Hulk could succeed in his plan, the world exploded in a large cloud of smoke and noise.The Hulk’s grip had suddenly disappeared and Steve could finally breathe again. Steve had been able to drag in a couple of small and wheezy breaths before he finally passed because of the pain.*****When Steve came to, it was to find himself in the hospital. Steve tried to turn his head to look around but the pain was excruciating and a scream made a way out of his mouth before he could stop it. And he wasn’t able to stop it. His neck, his leg, it was all on fire. A horde of nurses suddenly rushed into the room, trying to calm him down. Steve couldn't hear their words over his screams or the pain and fire pulsating in his ears. The nurses ended up having to increase the pain medication and knock Steve out in order to get him to stop.The next time Steve woke up, the pain was better. It was still there and killed, but the pain wasn't as terrible as it originally was. Why hadn’t his injuries healed yet? Why was he still in pain? He went to try to sit up, but that’s when Steve realized he couldn’t feel the right side of his side. What was going on?!?! Steve had started to panic but a doctor soon came in and calmed him down. Afterwards, the doctor answered his questions.The Hulk had completely crushed and shattered his leg, so it would take longer for the leg to heal than it normally would. Most leg injuries Steve had sustained had been normal breaks. In this case, all of the bones in his leg was not only broken, but the majority of them were shattered. Thankfully, the doctors believed that all of the bones would heal. But it was predicted that he would probably walk with a limp.As for the right side of his body, the doctor’s diagnosed him with Hemiplegia, aka the paralyzation of the arm and leg on one side of the body. When the Hulk was choking him out, it cut off blood flow to the brain. When he finally let go, the blood went flowing back into his brain and caused a stroke. A few of his vertebrae were broken as well. These factors then caused his paralysis. Doctors said that the serum in his body  was  trying to heal him, but the damage was so severe and everything was misaligned. So whenever the serum attempted to heal his body, it healed everything at the wrong angle, causing the damage to basically be permanent. Doctors had contacted various researchers and were hopeful that one of them might be able to discover how to “shut down” the serum in his body so that they could realign everything before “reactivating” the serum within him so it could re-heal him.At first, Steve was optimistic like his doctors. He was annoyed that it would take a while to find a solution and that he would be in pain during that time, but that was alright. He was willing to wait. During this time, he researched and learned and  remembered, what happened to the others.Steve had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Character Death
Violence
Murder
Imprisonment
Hospitalization
comic book medicine
Comic Book Science
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Pietro Maximoff Friendly
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Kinda Steve Rogers Friendly
Team Tony
this is really depressing
Sorry Not Sorry
Blood and Gore
Redeemable Steve?

fandom: 
None
