Chapter 1: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Bakery
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky could admit it: he had a problem. The problem being that Stark had damn near every show available to watch, Bucky had asked JARVIS for recommendations of soothing shows to watch, and he’d then binged on Great British Bake-Off. His therapist had him working hard on wanting things, and the easiest things to want so far were food. He could handle wanting foods. Relatively low-cost, didn’t infringe on others, could be acquired from willing vendors. And the damn Bake-Off show made him constantly hungry thanks to the power of suggestion and his thrice-damned supersoldier metabolism. Which meant that for the last week as he’d worked his way through the show’s backlog, he’d ordered an embarrassing amount of take-out and left the Tower more often than ever before in pursuit of the obscure items he found himself craving. His therapist was delighted, though, and given how rarely he managed to delight anyone with his progress, Bucky wasn’t about to stop.

This time it was meat pies. He’d found a restaurant most of the way across the city that made and sold them. Two trains had gotten him here, walking a final mile toward the eatery. He felt like a bomb homing in on its target, ready to demolish everything in his path. With his mouth.The first indication that something was off was the smell. The mouth-watering aromas of fresh bread and pastry had him picking up the pace for the last block. A cross breeze ruined it utterly with something sour and sickly-sweet, like rancid meat. At first he might have mistaken it for a garbage smell coming off a dumpster somewhere, but that wasn’t quite it, not when Bucky really noticed it and started sniffing.

The second indication was the noise, a deep, thrumming drone that called to mind a jet engine warming up, only lower. It hummed louder than the passing traffic—stopped—started again.

If those weren't enough to divert Bucky’s attention, the scream that followed surely was. It was a tenor voice in a series of labored, staccato cries. Not the kind of sound someone made when getting stabbed (or blown in an alley, memory supplied), but definitely not a happy one either.Bucky’s first thought was:  Nope. Not doing this. I’m tired and hungry.  His second thought was:  You’re living in the Avengers Tower for chrissakes, and you’ve got a lot to make up for.  He hesitated for all of thirty seconds, frozen on the sidewalk and staring at nothing, before running in the direction of the screaming. Part of him was already screaming too. He didn’t want this, whatever it turned out to be. He just wanted meat pie!

A block down and around the corner, he saw the problem and stopped short, staring at it. The world kind of…receded, at the sight of it.

Stretched between two skyscrapers and hanging over the street was a massive shape. It emitted another shattering hum, and from this distance it vibrated the tissues inside Bucky’s skull, the ground under his feet, and the bones of his chest cavity. When silence returned he pulled in a harsh gasp, breathless.The thing didn’t have a cohesive body shape. It moved, pulling back and forth, parts of it stretching out to hold itself more tightly between the buildings, but it was like the squishable substances Barton kept buying him to play with. It spread like ooze, the biggest mass suspended from gelatinous webbing that throbbed and squirmed.Then he noticed the people—and car—in the thing’s grasp. The people were not so much held as partially submerged, being drawn closer and closer to the center.The obvious response was to shoot it, which Bucky did, with the small ten millimeter he kept in his chest harness. The bullets sank in, leaving brief dents but getting no other response beyond another profound bassline that rattled Bucky like a boxed Christmas present in the hands of an over-eager child. When he could think straight again, he tried throwing a knife at the nearest tendril—but after burying itself to the hilt, it just got sucked into the mass. He could see it suspended under the surface.

So he called Steve, putting the phone on speaker and shoving it into the breast pocket of his jacket.

“Bucky, where are you, we just got the call to Assemble—“

“I’m about to do do something really stupid, so you better get here quick, asshole!” Bucky half-shouted, running up the sidewalk. And then punched a low-hanging chunk of ooze.It became immediately apparent that yep, that was a pretty damn dumb move! It was like striking tar. His fist sank  into  the mass easily enough but removing it was another matter entirely. Pulling so hard that the joints of his shoulder and elbow complained, he almost thought he could remove himself. He could just see the back of his own hand coming free of it when the thing decided it didn’t like that one bit. A pseudopod extruded from the greater mass and wrapped around his waist
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)

freeform: 
Parasites
Symbiotic Relationship
Slime
Body Horror
Kinda? like soft body horror if there is such a thing
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Sex Pollen
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Humor
Altered Mental States
Gangbang
Dubious Consent
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Rape
Tentacle Monsters
Dubious Consentacles
SHIELD
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Orgy
Group Sex
Self-Lubrication
Fisting
Multiple Orgasms
Double Penetration
Triple Penetration
Spitroasting
Cunnilingus
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)

