Work Text:
The shifting of the bed was what woke Tony up. Beside him, his wife was sleeping or more like, passed out drunk. It had been their anniversary and with everything happening between them, she had no problem overindulging. Which was fine with Tony since he hadn't wanted to have celebratory sex with her anyway.A small, little body squirmed its way between them.“Peter?” Tony asked, voice rough from sleep.His fifteen years old son was too old to be sneaking his way in their bed but Tony never stopped him from doing it. He had always been a clingy child and often sought out attention. More often, he sought out Tony instead of his mother.Wiry thin arms wrapped around Tony’s neck and the older man sighed, knowing Peter was in one of his moods.“You alright, kid?” Tony whispered.“Missed you,” came the quiet reply.Peter wormed his way deeper into his father’s embrace, tucking his head beneath Tony’s chin. A leg nudged its way between Tony’s and the older man let his son squeeze in. Always indulgent.“It's okay, baby,” Tony told him soothingly, “I'm sorry we left you behind but mommy wanted a special night out.”Peter only buried himself deeper into his father’s warmth. The kid remained quiet so Tony assumed he had fallen asleep. A second after the thought crossed his mind, he noticed the teen’s hips nudging forward. He could feel the hard outline of Peter’s cock through his pajamas.Tony pretended to not notice, when the teen did it again but with more persistence. He rubbed Peter’s back, making soothing noises. It was the exact opposite of what his son wanted.“Dadd…” Peter whined when Tony didn't acknowledge his predicament.“Hmm?” Tony hid a smirk in Peter’s curls.“Please…?” Peter asked. “Can't we…?”Over Peter’s shoulder, Tony could see his wife’s outline, could even hear her quiet snores. She was dead asleep, no chance of waking up from her alcohol induced slumber.Still, Tony didn't want to give in too easily to his son’s demands.He pressed close enough to whisper in Peter’s ear.“Baby,” Tony chided, “didn't we make a deal earlier, hmm? Daddy will fuck your little hole and plug you up with all his cum inside only if you be a good boy and behave while we’re away… You're not supposed to tempt daddy like this, baby, you know that…”A quiet whine and more rustling beneath the blankets.“But daddy… I need it… Please, daddy?” Peter cried softly. The boy’s small hands slipped between Tony’s legs, cupping the heavy weight of his growing cock.Peter looked at him with glee, excited that Tony was only teasing him and not denying him.“Daddy…” came the whisper. “C'mon daddy… I really need it.”Tony slid his hand over Peter’s hip, cupping a round bottom in his palm. Peter immediately tried to provide better access, sliding his leg forward so that Tony could slip a finger between his cheeks. Tony found the hard little base of the plug that he had put in his son before he and his wife had left for dinner.Good.“Alright, baby, we gotta be fast,” Tony said. He swiftly turned Peter over to his other side so now they were both facing his sleeping wife, Peter’s mother.The boy was wiggling in excitement, his small hands tugging his pajamas down. They've done this enough times, had risky sex while his wife was around, that Peter's knew better to bother pulling it all off.While Peter did that, Tony was pulling his cock through the slit of his boxers. He felt so hot in his palm, the tip already leaking. He hadn't bothered fucking his wife, why would he when his son had such a nice, tight hole for him?The plug was put aside, Tony tucking it somewhere behind him so it wouldn't get lost in the sheets. God, he wished he could see what he was doing because watching Peter’s tight little hole swallow him up was a beautiful thing.“Please,” Peter asked, reaching behind him to guide his dad’s cock to his hole.“So impatient,” Tony teased. But he wasn't any better off. Fucking his own son while his wife was oblivious always got him so hard and so close to the edge.He notched the tip of his cock against his boy’s wet rim. With a slight pushed, Tony buried himself in his son’s body, one hand clutching Peter’s hip.“Fuck…” he groaned when he bottomed out. His groin was pressed up right against Peter’s pert ass while a tight little hole massaged his aching flesh.Peter whimpered at the feeling, head thrown back, his hair tickling Tony’s nose. A quiet moan was heard.“More… Dad, I need more…” Peter begged him. Tony gave an experimental thrust, finding that the bed shook just a tiny bit. It honestly didn't matter anyway.“Shh, I’ll give you want you need, baby boy,” Tony promised. But just in case, he pressed a hand against Peter’s mouth, muffling the noises that were sure to come out. His son loved being a noisy little shit while he was being fucked. Tony wouldn't put it past him to be even louder since his mother was right there Tony started slow at first, a soft gentle pace to just get into the rhythm. It wasn't enough, not for either of them and so, Tony’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Barebacking
Infidelity
Dirty Talk
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shameless Smut
Butt Plugs
Consensual Underage Sex
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

