Chapter 1





Chapter Text

2 0 0 1

 

 

Tony,

 

Today your son was born.

I suppose, in many ways, he’s not your son. Only genetically, not in the ways that matter.

His name is Peter Benjamin Parker. He was born at 6:50am on the 10th of August, 2001, 6.1 lb. He is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. He is the most beautiful thing you will never see.

Funny that – how the most wonderful thing to happen in my life, could be the worst in yours. I can just imagine the scandal – Billionaire Playboy and Underpaid Married Physicist Have an Affair and A Child. I can imagine the cameras following him. I can imagine a lot of things – can imagine the way you’ll turn your nose up at the idea of having a child, can imagine the way you’ll drink yourself numb rather than pull your weight.

Which is why I’m not asking you to.

Which is why I’ll never send this letter.

But, Tony, this boy is a miracle. I look at him and see the future. I look at him and feel overwhelmed with a sense of love I’ve never known before.

Richard thinks Peter is his, biologically. That’s the way I’m keeping it.

 

Goodbye, Tony.

Peter’s life will be better without you. It has to be.

 

Mary Parker

 

 

2 0 0 7

 

 
Tony hadn’t been breathing properly, not since he read the letter, thrust towards him by a short, angry Italian woman. She didn’t know he didn’t like being handed things. He was itchy when he took the paper, itchy when he read it three times, just to be sure, itchy when it crinkled in his too-tight grip.Peter.The boy was five, almost six, small, and sitting in the waiting room of his office. Tony never came in here much, he never liked the feeling of wearing suits and sitting behind a desk, folders of things to sign being shoved towards him. He had Obie do that work for him instead. He just liked fixing things, but he couldn’t fix this, and he couldn’t fix that boy.The door to his office was open and Tony tore his gaze from the letter to look at the kid. The most beautiful thing he would never see. Tony had conflicting feelings rolling around his stomach at the sight of him. His jaw clenched, the paper wrinkled further, the woman waited in silence.“I don’t know what you want me to say,” he told her, walking towards the door.For a split second, the boy looked up at him. The man sitting by his side was reading a book aloud, unaware of Tony’s gaze. But the boy – Peter.Tony met his eye for a heartbeat and felt the tsunami in his stomach. He shut the office door.“I want you to say you’ll get your fancy lawyers to draw up some paperwork,” the woman said. May, she’d told him. May Parker. The boy’s aunt.“Paperwork.”“The custody kind.”He turned to her. “You want me to take custody of that kid? Did you not read the letter?” The concept of raising a child didn’t sit well on his shoulders. He disliked the things Mary Parker had said about him, but they weren’t wrong. Someone would find out that he had a kid and Peter would never know privacy again. He wouldn’t necessarily say he was turning his nose up at being a father, but he would say that he was going to unlock the liquor cabinet the moment the Parkers left and drain it entirely.“Partial custody,” May replied, stone-faced. “Believe me, I wouldn’t give you full custody in a million years.”“But why even partial? What good am I going to do for that kid?” Was his tone hostile? Probably, but he couldn’t blame himself. He imagined being a father while trying to work his way through this year’s Maxim cover models. It was July, but he was already up to June – only one scheduling error back in March, but he figured he could make up along the way.“Because Ben and I can’t afford to raise a child,” May said, cold. “Because Ben is insistent that Peter knows where he came from, and that, unfortunately, is you.”He thinks about the boy in the waiting room; short with that oversized hoodie. Curly brown hair and eyes that resembled his a little too much for his liking. He turned back to the paper in his hand. If he held it any tighter, he’d tear a hole.
Peter’s life will be better without you. It has to be.
He swallowed. How would he explain this to Obie? To the world? To Peter?“Fine,” he said, though his insides were fighting against him. “I’ll look after him sometimes.”“One weekend a month,” May told him. She’d already decided, that much he could tell. “And you’ll send us a small amount of money monthly for his living costs.”He couldn’t blame her for trying and nodded, stiff. “Child maintenance,” he said. Mary had never asked for child maintenance. Part of him wondered how well off May and Ben Parker were - he didn’t know this kid, but he definitely didn’t want him to starve.The documents would be drawn up within three days, and within seven, signed and sealed. Tony walked through it in a haze. He didn’t want to think about it. Instead of considering the small boy whose life was now inextricably tied to his, he focused on building the Jericho missile and keeping his country safe.  
2 0 1 5
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad Spiderson - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Swearing
Not Canon Compliant
Involves Canon Events
Civil War is there and so is Ultron but just slightly different
Peter is Worthy
Peter can lift Thors Hammer Im right ok
Tony-centric
Peter-centric
May is Dead
(for some of it like not all but i dont care)
referenced infidelity
Referenced Panic Attack
i have never once learned how to tag

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

