Work Text:
 Bucky expected a lot of things when he arrived at the Compound.A fist to the face, a bullet in the brain, a blaster to the chest; god, he would deserve it.If Tony’s form of punishment had been to let Bucky stew in his guilt then Bucky was practically pickled at this stage, and even with time and distance since their altercation in the bunker, Tony still had every reason in the world to turn Bucky away.Bucky had killed his parents, and he and Steve had beaten the shit out of him and left him in the bunker without a backward glance to make sure he even got home alright in his busted-up suit. Bucky’s first act after the triggers and he was right back where he started.Steve may have deluded himself and the others into thinking Tony would just forgive and forget, we’re a team, we’re family, Bucky was not naïve enough to think there would be no repercussions for what had taken place that previous year.Bucky was prepared to take whatever lumps Tony thought were his due. What he wasn’t prepared for was Tony himself.Stepping out of the Compound dressed to the nines in a three-piece suit; the broken, bruised man Bucky had left behind that day was seemingly replaced by someone who epitomized being the perfect specimen of a put-together gentleman. His hair was artfully messy, looking silken soft which paired just right with his soulful brown eyes, framed by the longest lashes. Even his facial hair was meticulously groomed, framing a sweet-lipped mouth that would look so much better wet and red and -Oh.
Oh, fuck no.
Bucky couldn’t spare much thought beyond that before Tony stood before them, raising a hand when Steve opened mouth – likely, to put his foot in it – before Tony began, “Let me make one thing clear: you’re only here by the grace of the United States Government. Any relationship between us is purely professional and strictly Avenger-business. Your passcodes will only allow you entry into designated areas, and if you think for one second that you’ll be able to hack it otherwise, your ass will be on the curb so hard and fast there’ll be an imprint to immortalize it.”
You can have my ass however way you want it.
Completely oblivious to Bucky’s spiraling turmoil, Tony continued, “And in case you forgot what you signed when you wanted out of hiding: While your housing, necessities, and training at the Compound is included in the Avenger-package, you will remain on government stipend. Anything you purchase or break outside of allocated missions will be paid for out of pocket as well as any legal or medical bills procured outside of Avenger business.”“That’s not fair,” the witch burst out, Lang immediately flinching and moving as far away from her as he was allowed. Bucky suitably pulled from his unfortunate choices in daydreams, didn’t blame him. The witch was Hydra-made, and unlike Bucky, had no qualms or remorse about hurting anyone during her temper tantrums and “lapses” as Steve called them.Barton took it in stride just as Steve did, but Bucky was convinced the archer was just an idiot with no sense of self-preservation. That, or he was naively placing his trust on a woman who willingly (and with glee if Bucky’s own memories of the witch served true) mind-fucked his teammates, in which case, still an idiot with no self-preservation.Romanova and Wilson though, shifted away, and when two highly trained special Ops were going to defer based on fear, what could be expected of Tony?Already Bucky found himself moving forward rather than away; he may not have a Hydra-arm anymore, but the Super Serum could take whatever damage the witch intended to do, there was no guarantee that Tony could. However, Tony seemed determined to prove Bucky wrong as he declared, “I can’t find the shits required to care about your opinion on fairness, Maximoff. If you had a problem, you shouldn’t have signed the Accords or come back at all. You don’t even hold a passport let alone a citizenship here.”When her hands began to swirl in a none-too-subtle threat, Tony remained indifferent, his tone hard, “Make your move, because rest assured: I will.”Posed on the flat roof of the Compound, hidden away in what was probably stealth mode, ten Iron Man suits were at the ready, eyes glowing. Standing just over Tony’s shoulder, Bruce Banner and Thor joined Rhodey’s observation of the spectacle from the Compound doors. The doctor waved.Tony had thought of everything.Bucky tried vehemently to keep the inappropriate prickle of arousal to himself.“You are still wanted by the United Nations to answer for your crimes against the city of Johannesburg as well as your unauthorized mission in Lagos, not to mention the numerous charges laid against you by, frankly, a large portion of Eastern Europe,” Tony continued in a deceptively soothing drawl, “If you’d prefer their hospitality over the United States’, I’d be more than happy to hand you over.”When Steve parted his lips to argue, Tony added, “And if you want to join her, I’ll gladly oblige. I’m su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
pre slash - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
pro Accords
not team Cap friendly
Never Wanda friendly
Like I've been salty about her forever no one can stop me
Justice for Bruce
BAMF!Tony
Tony has no time for your shit
Stick a sock in it Rogers
MCU Barton can kiss my ass
Bucky is reluctantly turned on
This is just how I roll now
Let the nonsense continue

fandom: 
pre slash - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

