Chapter 1: The Moment
    




Chapter Text
He couldn't count the number of times he had been told that 'his impulses would get him into trouble one day.' Truth be told, they had already gotten him into trouble countless times over the centuries. Under normal circumstances, Loki was exacting. He was meticulous. He worked for months, sometimes years before executing a plan. It’s just that he was simply not inclined to stop and think about things in the heat of a moment. When something incited his passions, he followed.
Needless to say, the All-Father never approved. If Thor was too inclined to start fights to become an effective king, then Loki was too inclined to just do whatever he wanted. If Loki chose think logically about the facts, that was probably a better reason to withhold the crown. Logic, however, was something that Loki preferred in small doses. Like fine wine and poetry, it always seemed somehow cheapened by excessive use.
The mortal seemed to agree. He appeared before Loki, not to beg, or speak logic, or appeal to Loki's finer traits. (Humanity? Pah.) No, by his own admission, he came to threaten. Almost against his will, Loki was fascinated. It was an impressive argument. Loki suspected the little mortal spent a lot of time arguing. He had the skill of one thusly experienced. Well, experienced for one no older than an Asgardian child, at least.
What skill might he achieve with a thousand years’ experience? Loki wondered to himself. What an intriguing thought.
Loki didn't believe for a second that the mortal was correct in his assertions of impending doom. There was no chance that Loki was on the wrong path. It was the only path open to him. It had to be the right one.
The arguments the man-child offered were sound, though. The 'Hulk' appeared to be a formidable creature. It had certainly fulfilled its purpose on the mortal base. He would prefer not to face it single combat. His magic would prevail, of course, but he'd rather not all the same.
Hulk notwithstanding, he had the scepter and an army of alien creatures. They weren't the most impressive aliens, but they did come in impressive numbers. Also, they were hideous. He learned during his childhood that sometimes the best advantage a warrior can have is appearance.
This mortal threatening him must have known that from experience, too. Everything about him screamed self-awareness. He knew what each movement he made was saying to Loki. The cocky walk demanded all attention be directed to himself. The casual attitude claimed the space they stood in as his own. The offer of hospitality did the same even more overtly. All were designed to present a specific appearance. Again, Loki found himself fascinated by the instincts - no, knowledge - that one barely out of childhood seemed to possess.
That he used the excuse of alcohol to procure some sort of jewelry made Loki wonder if perhaps the unique mortal would live through the day’s experience. He found a part of himself hoping it would be the case.
The creature was against him, and therefore had to bow to the scepter or die. It would have been a waste to simply throw him away, though. His skills and battle prowess were of value. If the Hawk did not exaggerate, this particular mortal was probably the most useful on his 'team' to subjugate with the scepter.
Loki found himself more interested in how the little mortal would react next without the scepter's control, though. What nonsense would spill from his lips when he opened them again? He seemed quite incapable of keeping them closed. That was a habit Loki could find real value in...
When the scepter failed, it was an irritation.                           
The more time that had passed in the surreal conversation, the more Loki had wanted to keep the mortal for himself.
For purely logical reasons, he assured himself. None of them are related to that wicked smirking mouth to which I would like to do wicked immoral things.
Then the mortal questioned his masculinity. Performance issues? There could be no other meaning to such a comment. Loki’s manhood had been questioned by nearly every bloody Asgardian he’d had the misfortune to know in his thousand years of life. It wasn’t hard to recognize that sort of insult, even if the words themselves made no sense.
The images flashed through his mind in no particular order. Sif, calling him 'practically a girl' so that he'd be forced to do some task involving women instead of her. Tyr, asking if perhaps he didn't want to learn the use of a more manly weapon than magic or knives. Volstagg, suggesting that he should be the one to cook, since he was the one interested in 'the feminine arts'. Some random warrior in a sparring match, calling him Princess Loki. Thor's laughter on all too many of these occasions.
All in good fun, Brother, all in good fun.
Well Loki had lived with enough of that kind of fun to last a thousand mortal lifetimes. Before he was even aware of his actions, he had hoisted the mortal up by the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
D/s
Dom!Loki
Sub!Tony
BDSM
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Tony Has Issues
Loki Has Issues
Loki Does What He Wants
Angst and Fluff and Smut
BAMF Frigga
BAMF Loki
Internalized Homophobia
Loki Discovers the Internet
Loki-centric
Hurt/Comfort
glorified dubcon
Abusive Relationships
Smut

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

