Work Text:
Steve was enjoying a peaceful early morning breakfast with Bucky when it happened. 
The sky was just showing hints of light at the table in the Compound’s kitchen, sharing a companionable silence with his best pal. Steve had no idea what Bucky was thinking about, but Steve himself was pondering over the last few months.
The media dubbed Civil War had finally blown over and Toni had finally seen some sense. Presidential pardons were issued to the team, and after a whole year in Wakanda they could return home. T’Challa’s generosity had been great, but it just wasn’t the Compound. The young king had held a meeting and mentioned something about the Accords, new members, and a probation time, but Steve hadn’t really been paying attention.
They were going home.
He was practically chomping at the bit to see Toni again and maybe they could finally make on that small cautious relationship that had blossomed between them official. Sure, he was angry the brunette had tried to kill Bucky, but Steve would forgive her with time. Toni would have to be benched until the entire team could trust her again, especially Wanda and Clint, but Steve would make sure the Iron Queen suit was passed on to someone worthy. He might even let Toni run coms.
Of course the woman had to be difficult about it. 
The team arrived at the Compound on a Tuesday. The passengers of the quinjet had been surprised to see some unfamiliar faces waiting for them alongside the remaining Avengers. 
“T’Challa did say Toni recruited some new members,” Sam had said.
”Probably already corrupted by her, then” Clint grumbled. 
Steve couldn’t bring himself to chide the archer. He had received divorce papers from Laura a week before their scheduled departure. Poor Clint had been reasonably upset, vowing to get revenge on Toni and keep his wife safe from the playgirl’s ‘influences.’ Steve hoped that what he implied wasn’t the case, but Toni did have a reputation of taking women in a relationship to bed. 
“I can help with that,” Wanda offered. Her hands sparked with scarlet flames, wisps curing outward. 
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve noticed Bucky slink back away from her. He sighed inwardly. He had hoped Buck would be understanding towards the young girl, especially with their similar backgrounds of being under HYDRA’s rule. Unfortunately, his friend wanted nothing to do with her. Steve had left it for later, hoping some time would do the trick.
”I’m sure once you talk to Laura it will all be smoothed out,” Natasha soothed, putting her hand on Clint’s shoulder. “Laura would never cheat on you.”
”I don’t know, Hank always said not to trust a Stark,” Scott said.
Whatever Clint’s reply would have been, it was cut off by the quinjet touching down with a jolt. The ramp lowered slowly, sunlight streaming into the cabin. As leader, Steve was the first one off.
He quickly scanned the small assembly before him. There was a tall blond woman, military judging by her stance, on the very left. Her pressed business skirt and suit combo along with the stern set to her mouth had Steve straightening his back involuntarily. She began to remind him of Peggy, so he quickly moved on.
Next to her stood Rhodes. He looked great, and Steve was happy to note that he seemed as good as new with the braces Toni had undoubtedly built for him.
Vision was at the Colonel’s shoulder wearing a sweater vest and slacks. Wanda brightened at Steve’s side when she saw him. 
“Viz,” she breathed with excited eyes.
”Miss Maximoff,” the android greeted. Wanda’s face fell at his cold apathy projected in the two simple words and his expression. Steve made note to talk to him about it.
On the very right was Spider-Man, visibly bouncing on his toes in excitement. He was in full uniform, much to Steve’s displeasure. How could the team trust someone in a mask? He added ‘get Toni to tell us Spider-Man’s identity’ to his to-do list.
The man next him placed a hand on the vigilante’s shoulder, seeming to calm his never ending energy. He was dressed in a blue tunic, a necklace with a ridiculously large amulet in the shape of an eye, and an ostentatious red cape. He had a carefully styled goatee and grey hair streaking his temples even though he didn’t seem that old. His face portrayed an emotion that obnoxiously screamed ‘bored’.
Finally, Steve let himself take in Toni’s appearance. Toni looked, well, Toni looked amazing. She wore a beautiful red blouse and skimpy gold skirt that made Steve want to wrap her up and say ‘mine’. Her makeup was done flawlessly, all sharp lines and angles, winged eyeliner making her eyes enchanting and a subtle highlight causing her cheekbones to look like you could cut your finger on them if you weren’t careful. Steve remembered days when she would get up after a wonderful night together and let him watch as she got ready for the day. Toni had her hair pulled up in a complicated bun, and her crimson lipstick painted her lips like blood. Her tall high heels added several inc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Basically
not team Cap friendly
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Extremis
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Author is also still salty
I Don't Even Know
Riddles
Morals
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Beta Read
Not A Fix-It
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Toni doesn’t give a shit
she also takes no shit
shes not scared of team cap
cause she’s a bamf
Female Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

