Chapter 1: LANGUAGE
    




Chapter Text

You have entered the chat: The Avengers

tonyfuckingstark: Hello, everyone
Clint: why did you use a capital letter AND a comma but threw the period away wtf
tonyfuckingstark: Because if I added a period at the end it would have been slightly ominous
Clint: alright whatever

Sam: Stark what are you doing texting in a group chat that hasn’t been used in months


tonyfuckingstark: I’m breaking the metaphorical ice, as the kiddos call it




Clint: im pretty sure that kiddos do not call it that





tonyfuckingstark: How do you know that, Clint? Hm? Do you have kids?





Clint: …well, no





tonyfuckingstark: That’s exactly what I thought you toilet snake





Clint: WHAT THE FUCK MAN





Natasha: I think the more important question is why Tony’s name is ‘tonyfuckingstark’, but ours are just our first names.





tonyfuckingstark: Because I’m Tony fucking Stark





tonyfuckingstark: Also I’m the one and only administrator of this group chat so I’m the only one who can change names




Clint: dude wtf





Natasha: Your username is too long.





Clint: that’s not the only thing that’s long if y’know what I mean





tonyfuckingstark: Shut it, toilet snake





Clint: RUDE





Sam: Can we change our usernames man





tonyfuckingstark: No





Sam: Why the fuck not?





tonyfuckingstark: Because it’ll get confusing with who is who. It’s easier this way





Natasha: Where is Steve, Rhodey, and Bruce?





Steve: I’m here





Steve: I was reading the messages





Steve: Sorry





Steve: And I think by metaphorical ice Tony means that he’s trying to make things less awkward after Germany




Natasha: Tony, is that true?





tonyfuckingstark: Well you know, the compound’s been pretty quiet without all of you guys yapping around, so I thought I’d try to talk to you guys again. And what better way than by opening up a group chat with seven months worth of dust on it, right?





Natasha: Do you want us to move back in, Tony?





Clint: im gonna need some more ice to break





tonyfuckingstark: I have just the thing for more icebreaking.





Clint: wait





Clint: what are you going to do





tonyfuckingstark: I’m adding someone who is the master at breaking ice.





Rhodey: If you’re adding who I think you’re adding, you better not be adding them.





Clint: well LOOK WHO DECIDED TO SHOW UP





tonyfuckingstark: I’m adding them





Rhodey: DON’T DO IT TONY





tonyfuckingstark has added Spider-Man to the chat





Spider-Man: hey everyone





Sam: Wait, aren’t you the one who tied my hands with that stuff?





Steve: And the one who took my shield?





Spider-Man: its actually called webbing, but yes and yes





Spider-Man: sorry about that btw





Spider-Man: but it was rlly cool to meet y’all





Spider-Man: even if i was fighting some of you





Rhodey: Oh my fucking god.





Steve: LANGUAGE





Natasha: Wait, why is your username Spider-Man? Is that actually the username you use on this app?





Spider-Man: no, mr stark made me change it before i joined this group chat





Rhodey: Oh my fucking god.





Spider-Man: she fuckin dead





Rhodey: What?





Steve: LANGUAGE





Spider-Man: sorry i had to lol





Natasha: Well, the name “Spider-Man” doesn’t really break the ice, Tony.





Spider-Man: oh yeah mr stark said something abt breaking ice. hold on ill change it





Spider-Man has changed their username to: underoos





Clint: BITCH WHAT THE FUCK





Steve: Oh my gosh, LANGUAGE





Clint: how did you change your username???





underoos: oh yeah mr stark made me an admin lmao





Clint: what the FUCK





Clint: who ARE YOU





Steve: LANGUAGE
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
more characters will come
like the guardians
eventually
relationships will develop over time
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Some Plot
Domestic Avengers
kind of
loki is good in this story
it starts during the end of ragnarok
Infinity War never happens

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

