Work Text:
It had been only 30 minutes, but to Peter it seemed like time itself had stopped just to spite him. Tonight was Thursday, one of two Tower Nights during the week. Tower Nights were, as the name suggested, evenings where he’d be picked up by Happy after school and taken to Stark Tower to work on various tech, including his own suit. He’d stay over and be dropped off to Midtown in the morning. Weekends were the only time both Pepper and May had off, so weekends were strictly Family Time. Beth had texted him about her current project and maybe she’d let him have a look.
 
“Mr Parker!” startled Peter into awareness. “Thank you for your kind attention,” smiled Mr Cobbwell. Peter smiled back sheepishly. “Class, I have just received a notice,” the teacher announced, waving the bunch of A4 sheets in his hand. “Our field trip has been scheduled for next week, and I have permission slips for all of you here. Now, there are rules and regulations, as always, regarding conduct of students as representatives of the school; in addition to those, there are venue specific rules this time. Everything is outlined in these forms. They will have to be signed by a parent or guardian and returned to me by Monday.”
 
“Where are we going, sir?” asked Sally.
 
Mr Cobbwell looked at the bored students and puffed himself up to make the announcement. Peter shivered slightly. “It seems we have been granted permission to go to Stark Tower!”
 
The class didn’t seem to share his excitement, although many of them sat up straighter and started whispering among themselves. Peter, on the other hand, sank lower in his seat. Ned looked at him in shock and Peter helplessly shook his head.
 
“Isn’t that really unsafe, sir?” ventured Luke. “That whole area’s, like, a major target for all sorts of–”
 
“Shut up, Mendes,” scoffed Flash. “Since the Avengers went upstate it’s been fine! What are these rules, Mr Cobbwell?”
 
“Well, there’s mainly health and safety regulations, so you can’t leave the tour group at any point, if you have a disability please mention it in the form, security badges are to be worn at all times – you need to submit a passport size photograph for your ID – phones are not allowed in certain areas, no hacking or stealing because that sets off alarms, and you can only update your social media once you’re done with the tour, just in case,” the teacher read out, to the groans of the class and the ring of the bell. “It's all written here, guys! Take a form on your way out, and remember – Monday latest!”
 
“Hey Parker, guess we’re going to your workplace!” called Flash, taking a form. “Can you ask your boyfriend Spiderman to come by this time?”
 
“Oh, he’ll be there,” muttered Peter. What was his life?!
 
*
 
Over dinner the next night, May brought up the field trip. “When I saw the email from your school, I couldn’t control myself,” she laughed. “What is your life, even?”
 
“That’s what I thought too!” Peter grinned. “I mean, I was really quite worried at first because, you know, but then I realised, no one at the tower knows except Happy and Mr Stark! And not like they’re gonna drop by! By the way, this is delicious, May–”
 
“I know, isn’t it? I got the recipe from Geeta, it’s not quite like she makes it but it’s good, right?”
 
“Totally, it should go in the book,” Peter assured her. “What is it, a korma?”
 
“You know, I forgot to ask her…”
 
*
 
The next Thursday morning saw Peter rushing to make it to the school bus on time. He’d had to double back because he forgot his ID, and then there was a dog walker with three (!!!) dogs and so of course he had to say hi to them all, and before he knew it he was running late.
 
“Harrington told me about your reputation, Peter,” grinned Mr Cobbwell, who seemed in high spirits. “You’re the last one here!”
 
“Sorry, sir, there was traffic!” replied Peter, rushing into the bus and finding the seat Ned had saved for him.
 
“You walk to school,” scoffed MJ from the seat across him.
 
Peter just grinned back.
 
“Psst,” said a voice behind him. Thinking it was Ned, Peter turned back, but saw Ned had turned back too, and Flash was smirking at them. “Hey Penis, I’m surprised you showed up! Thought you’d be conducting the tour for us – you know, since you’re an intern and all that.”
 
“Peter’s a STEM intern, man,” Ned snapped. “Stark Tower has proper guides to conduct tours.”
 
“Hey, Peter,” Cindy called out. “Do you know all the staff there?”
 
“No, not really,” Peter replied. “I tend to go there in the evenings, so I don’t really know the daytime staff. Plus I stick to my labs, you know?”
 
“A likely story,” scoffed Flash, but was mainly ignored.
 
Some days Peter burned to ask Flash about his dad’s car. He only wished he’d had the suit then, if only for recording purposes. It might’ve helped with the building, but you know. Mainly the video of Flash nearly pissing himself.
 
*
 
As they reached the tower, even the most nervous among the class were hyped up.
 
“Alright, class, we cannot hal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Peter's SI field trip
Stark Tower

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

