Chapter 1: Subtle
    


Notes:
You must read at least the two previous fics in this series to make much sense. I hope I didn't screw it up! ENJOY!If I haven't used your suggestion, that doesn't mean I won't, so you'll have to wait and see I guess.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter was coping. He had nightmares, and panic attacks, and flashbacks, but he had people and so it was okay. He had his aunt, and his girlfriend, and Tony, and Ned, and Nat, and Uncle Rhodey, and all the other Avengers – which was still super surreal to say that he had the Avengers in his corner.And so, he was getting better. His favorite pastime was snuggling, which Aunt May loved, and MJ claimed she hated (she loved it), and Tony needed.About Tony. Tony was not coping. I mean, when did he ever really cope well? Both Peter and Tony had been through a lot, which no one needed convincing about, but Peter had always had his aunt. Tony didn’t have one constant. Rhodey was amazing, but Rhodey was a peer. And sometimes you need support from someone that isn’t your best friend.And Tony never really got that.So, Tony was coping with Peter’s previous kidnapping the way he usually did: waking up at three in the morning from nightmares, drinking a buttload of coffee, and working in his lab for hours on end. Which, I probably don’t need to point out, is a terrible way to cope.And the Avengers noticed. (Except for Scott, because Scott is oblivious)But no one really knew what to do about it. They told him to go back to bed, but he didn’t listen. They told him to drink water, but he didn’t listen. They told him to socialize with other people, but he didn’t listen. The only people he vaguely listened to were Rhodey and Steve.Okay, that’s not true, he listened to Peter.Which is were the snuggling came in.Rhodey noticed that Tony listened to Peter. He told Nat, who had also noticed, who in turn, told Steve. And so, they conspired and came up with plan: make-Tony-realize-he’s-being-an-idiot-and-learn-to-take-care-of-himself. Step 1: Tell Peter.“Hey, little Spider, what are you working on?”Peter rolled his eyes. “My senior thesis. You’d think being kidnapped and tortured would make them be a little more lenient on the schoolwork front, but no they just said ‘welcome back from mysteriously disappearing for a week. Here’s the work you missed. By the way, what’s with all those stitches?’ No one even asked where I was. I mean, Ned and MJ already knew, but still. I was gone for a week.”Nat smirked, patting the spot next to her on the sofa. “Do you need help?”Peter slumped in relief, practically melting off the bench he was sitting on and walking over to the living area. “Yes, yes, yes, yes thank you.”He slid in next to her, and they both assumed the ‘snuggling-with-Peter-position’ that a couple different Avengers (read: Nat, Wanda, Rhodey, and Tony [when he thought Peter was asleep]) had assumed: his shoulder tucked into their armpit, one arm around his shoulders, other hand in his curls, his head on their chest. He explained what his thesis was about, and how he wanted his essay to go, and they discussed different options for a while, getting snarky comments from Steve – who was sitting on a chair to their right – every once in a while.Peter was surprised how sarcastic Cap could be.Rhodey walked into the kitchen and started rummaging through the fridge, grabbing an extra soda and tossed it in Peter’s general direction, who webbed it into his hands and popped it open.When he looked up, Steve was staring at him.“What?”Steve just smirked and shook his head.“So, Peter, talked to Tony lately?” Rhodey asked.“Yeah, why?” Peter asked, confused. He talked to Tony all the time. Why would Rhodey be questioning that?Nat sighed, putting Peter’s papers on the table as Rhodey walked over with his own soda.“Have you noticed anything about him?”Peter blinked. He may have been suspicious if Rhodey hadn’t been asking, but Rhodey was, so he just shrugged. “Maybe more tired.”Steve leaned forward. “Exactly. Why do you think that might be?”Peter shrugged again. “Not sleeping enough?”“Exactly,” Rhodey repeated, sitting on the table across from him.Peter felt a teensy bit overwhelmed. Why were they talking about Tony? Did he do something wrong? Did Peter do something wrong? Was he getting kicked out? Was Tony beginning to realize that he wasn’t enough of a help to keep around? Was Tony ever going to talk to him again? Would he get to keep the suit? Surely, even if Tony disowned him, he’d be able to keep the suit, right? At least the normal Spider suit, if not the Iron one. Or maybe Tony would force him to start wearing the homemade one again. But what did that have to do about him sleeping?“And why do you think that Tony isn’t sleeping?” Nat asked.Peter said nothing, still internally freaking out.“Nightmares.”Peter’s heart sank. “Why is he having nightmares? Is it because of me? Am I getting kicked out, because if it helps
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
The Avengers care about Tony
Peter cares about Tony
Tony Feels
Overprotective Tony
overprotective Avengers
Everyone's soft
Some angst
But mostly fluff
lots of fluff
Death by fluff
Peter is basically Tony's son
Tony has no idea how to take care of himself
or sleep
or function like a normal human
Nighmares
anxiousness
snuggles
snuggling!Avengers
totally platonic snuggling btw
don't ship please :b

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

