Work Text:
“I’m sorry, but I won’t give you more than thirty dollars for that, Parker,” Jameson says, his cigar clenched between his teeth, the words spat out around it. “It’s blurry.”“Spider-Man was literally leaping between two buildings when I took the photo!” Peter argues. “Of course it’s blurry!”“Look, kid, you’re the only person he lets take his photograph, and I like you. But this isn’t your best work.” Jameson leans forward, pulling the cigar out and looking at Peter thoughtfully. “You’re a good kid.”“I’m twenty two years old, sir-”“And you’re smart. Let’s call it fifty but on the condition that you get me something fresh by the end of the week.”Peter knows when he’s defeated. He stands up, accepting the cheque, tucking it into the cracked brown leather of his wallet. Fifty dollars will at least help him pay his rent on time this month. He suppose he shouldn’t be too ungrateful.“Always a pleasure, Parker,” Jameson says, replacing the cigar and turning back to his computer monitor.Peter leaves, walking through the rows of desks filled with chattering journalists as he makes his way towards the exit. He wonders what they’d say if they knew that the short, skinny kid with the messy hair and threadbare coat who drops off photographs of Spider-Man was the web-slinger himself. They probably wouldn’t even believe it.He pushes open the main doors, stepping out into the biting cold and blinding winter sun. He tugs his coat tighter, and wishes he had remembered to bring his hat. The sun dazzles him for a moment, and he blinks, trying to focus.Wade Wilson is standing on the other side of the road.Well, more accurately, Deadpool is standing on the other side of the road. He’s fully masked, staring at the Bugle offices without moving. His stupid swords are at his back and he appears to be carrying several guns. The guy is an absolute hazard.Peter knows him fairly well as Spider-Man, but as far as he knows, Deadpool has no idea that he’s really a scrawny nerd called Peter Parker who can barely afford to eat and submits his own ridiculous Spidey selfies to the Bugle to be able to stay in college.So there’s no reason that Peter can think of that Deadpool would be standing here now.Peter hesitates, and Deadpool’s face moves, so that he’s clearly now staring at the chilly young photographer. Does he know?Of course not. This is some weird coincidence.Peter sets off, walking quickly and trying hard not to look behind him. His senses are telling him that he’s not being followed, but he can feel Wade’s eyes burning into his back. What the hell is Wade doing here? Maybe someone finally took a contract out on Jameson. Peter snorts, but then wonders if he needs to run home and grab his suit. Deadpool has told him about a dozen times that he no longer kills people (after Peter made it clear he wouldn’t work with him unless he agreed to change his ways) but you could never tell with Wade.He makes his way home, feeling unsettled, but his mind is quickly drifting back to the matter of his rent. He has enough money now, but he’s going to be living on ramen for the rest of the month again. It’s a sad fact that being Spider-Man has really impacted his ability to hold down a part-time job, so selling his photographs to Jameson is the only way he can make any extra cash.Tony would give him money if he knew that Peter was struggling so much, but he’s never asked, and Peter’s never volunteered the information. Tony’s trying to give him a bit of space to get on with the task of completing his college course and having a somewhat normal youth. He doesn’t realise that there are very few normal things about Peter’s life, but the crushing debt and worry about bills are two of them.He reaches the main door to the apartment block he lives in, pushing it open and wondering when they’re going to get around the fixing the lock. Peter lives on the top floor, in a space so small it was probably never designed to be an actual apartment. He climbs the stairs quickly, hearing the typical sounds of people shouting, loud music and babies crying. The stairwell smells of beer and meat.Finally, he unlocks his own front door and sighs when he sees that the place hasn’t improved in his absence. His apartment has two rooms: the one he is now standing in is his living room, kitchen and bedroom, and the other is the bathroom. A smeared fridge and hob stand in one corner, his bed and wardrobe in the other, a desk and some drawers opposite it. A small TV and an overstuffed couch complete the grim picture.He can't believe he's selling his own stupid, embarrassingly cheesy selfies to pay for this place.A headache is brewing behind his eyes. He decides to have a soak in the bath, hoping to destress. The bathroom is cold and mouldy, with chipped, mildewed tiles on the wall. The bathtub is stained yellow. Peter turns the taps on and hears the ancient boiler click on. He strips off the worn jeans and bobbled jumper he wore to the Bugle offices and sinks into the bath,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Photography
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Rough Sex
Angry Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

