Work Text:
Thor was sitting on a stool at the large island in the middle of the communal floor’s kitchen when Tony shuffled into the room. His hair was a messy, fluffy disaster. There was a fading pillow crease on his cheek, an obvious love bite at the base of his throat and it only took a glance to know he’d grabbed whatever clothing he could find.The soft pants were Loki’s and the shirt, exposing Tony’s collarbone, was Thor’s.Every eye in the room watched how Tony wandered slowly into the kitchen, blinking blurrily and yawning, as he headed towards the coffee machine. Unfortunately it was an empty coffee machine that Clint had finished off only moments before. A low, miserable whine escaped when Tony noticed it. “Coffee?” it was a sad, miserable sound that tugged at Thor’s heart.“Why is that adorable?” Clint sounded awed and disgusted at the same time.Thor was silently pleased that he’d recognized that long ago. He started to stand up, to help Tony since their Consort was staring sadly at the coffee machine and pouting sleepily, when Loki stepped into the kitchen.He looked smug and absolutely pleased with himself as he headed in Tony’s direction. It wasn’t a surprise. Thor had left the two of them in their shared bed, Loki wrapped around their Consort like an octopus, to train with Steve before breakfast.It was more than clear he’d taken full advantage of having Tony to himself and burned through what little energy Tony would have had so early in the morning.Loki breezed over towards Tony, tucking their Consort against his side, as he reached for Tony’s favorite mug and his magic started the coffee machine. It was a familiar sight only Thor was used to seeing it on their floor and not in the communal kitchen.They were probably out of coffee.“Has he…has he always been that small?” Bucky asked as everyone continued to stare at the scene in front of them. Thor glanced around and took in the way everyone was staring in varying stages of surprise. He furrowed his brow trying to figure out why they seemed so surprised at Tony’s height. A look down revealed bare feet and realization hit him.He watched his brother look back at them with an unimpressed and defensive expression. “There is nothing wrong with Anthony’s height.” There was a slight tilt to his chin, defiance and obvious protectiveness in every single line of his body. He wouldn’t be surprised if Loki took the two of them and the coffee machine back to the penthouse floor with a burst of magic.“He didn’t say there was, brother.” Thor watched Loki fill Tony’s mug, mixing in the right amount of cream, before handing it to him. A soft, pleased little moan of enjoyment escaped as Tony leaned heavily into Loki’s side and clutched the mug in his hands. “I don’t believe they have seen Tony without shoes.”Immediately every single pair of eyes looked at Tony’s bare feet peeking out from where Loki’s borrowed pants were folded up so they didn’t drag terribly.“You know…this is the first time I’ve seen him without shoes on.” Natasha stared at Tony’s feet and then up at Loki and their shared Consort with consideration. “Huh.”Tony ignored all of them, finishing off his first mug and then holding it out in expectation for Loki to fix him another cup. Fond affection filled Loki’s green eyes as he filled it, added cream and handed it back.Once that was finished Loki immediately turned to start preparing his own drink, a spiced Alfheim tea he summoned with a wave of his hand, while Tony leaned into him and drank his second cup at a slower pace.Thor didn’t hesitate to stand from his seat, he knew that neither of them could be bothered to make breakfast for themselves, as he headed towards them. A kiss was pressed to the top of Tony’s head as Thor moved past and started collecting the ingredients to make them something to eat.“How does that work?” Clint muttered. “They’re fucking giants and Tony is just…he’s smol.”“Did you seriously just say smol?” Natasha sounded vaguely appalled and Thor could practically hear the shrug Clint had given in response. “You should stay away from Urban Dictionary.”“It’s two tols and a smol, Tasha.”The sound of Clint getting smacked had Loki smirking and Thor trying not to laugh as he mixed the batter for pancakes. They both had a sweet tooth and it was easier to indulge them. He could hear Steve reprimanding Natasha for using violence and Clint for provoking her.Bruce muttered something about the horrors of Urban Dictionary.“I’m not smol.”“Oh, Anthony.”Tony looked up at Loki, still holding his mug, with an unfairly adorable pout. They had kept him up all night and Loki had probably used up whatever energy sleep had given back after Thor had left the room. “No more sex for you, Frostbite.”It earned him an arched brow. Over at the table there were several groans and mumbled complaints about their sex life.“You never stick to that threat.”“Brother…”Immediately big brown eyes turned to him, wide and shining, as Thor tried to steel himself against 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Established Relationship
Married Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Magic
Implied Sexual Content
Adorable Tony Stark
Sleepy Tony Stark
Protective Loki
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Humor
mentioned smut
loki is a little shit
tony stark is a little shit
consort tony stark
V-relationship
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

