Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Peter found out his aunt had died, he didn't feel pain.
He didn't feel much of anything. The doctor's explanations about some aneurysm barely registered with him and everything sounded like he was underwater while he agreed to cremation and assured them he had parents to go home to. 
A lie.
He just trudged back home in the cold, every step seeming to strap another ten pound weight to his body until he could barely lift his hand to put his key in the apartment door. The apartment door his aunt would never walk into again.
The door shut and he slumped against it, the emptiness in him so much heavier than any burden could be, the silence of their--his--apartment suddenly crushing him until he had no choice but to retreat into calm unconsciousness.
-----
He woke up to a crick in his neck and the blaring of his alarm. Oh, right. It was a Wednesday.
Peter took a solid five minutes gathering himself off of the ground. His eyes drifted towards the kitchen where he would normally see Aunt May burning eggs and wishing him a good day and decided he couldn't eat. He'd probably puke. Instead, Peter just grabbed his backpack full of unfinished homework and walked out the door as he was.
-----
People on the subway probably thought Peter was insane, but then again, a dirty teenager with glazed eyes wasn't a rare sight in New York City. He saw a woman wearing a familiar tan tank top and had to dig his nails into his hands so hard that he bled so he didn't scream or cry or lunge at her or whatever he wanted to do at the moment.
The skin healed around his nails and he felt nothing as he pried them out.
----
"Woah, dude, what bad guy kicked your ass?" Ned whispered loudly to an apathetic Peter, who just shrugged. The skin on his palms had healed by the time he got off the subway. They were approaching the glass doors of the school, a few people giving Peter strange looks as he went by. He didn't really notice.
"Well, I bet you'll get him back!" Ned continued, not reading Peter's mood at all. Then again, he had hidden Spiderman for almost a year, it was no surprise he could convince his already-gullible friend. They parted ways on the second floor and Peter didn't even stop by his locker on the way to homeroom.
The day went by in a blur of assignments he didn't turn in and acquaintances he didn't say hi to. He just trudged through the halls on autopilot, muttering apologies as he bumped into people. Peter sat by himself at lunch that day, the smell from the cafeteria making him nauseous enough to instead sit alone on the front lawn. He fed Ned some lie about making more Web fluid in the lab and knew he should have been relieved when his friend did not question it, but couldn't bring himself to be. Ah, well.
----
Peter came home to silence instead of the smell of cinnamon and some stupid sitcom blaring on the TV. He just sighed and felt the hole in him widen. He wondered idly if it would soon swallow him up as he grabbed a granola bar left on the coffee table and curled up on the couch, his backpack forgotten on the floor despite his immense workload. He fell asleep not ten minutes later to some random episode of Buzzfeed Unsolved and dreamed of nothing but static.
----
The next two days were more of the same, but MJ was starting to shoot him some suspicious glances, so on Thursday he forced himself to take the longest shower of his life and do two homework questions for the class they shared. Why did everything take so long these days? Surely May's death hadn't altered time itself?
God, it was so fucking lonely.
He didn't know why he told no one, but he just couldn't bring himself to. It seemed like every word he choked out took the same amount of energy as lifting a building, but the weight on him only increased. A talk about his dead aunt would start a few incredibly long conversations that he definitely couldn't manage. He just wanted to go to bed.
The problem came on Friday. Lab day with Tony.
He had completely forgotten until he saw a sleek black limousine outside of his school. Normally, he would slip into it to avoid any suspicion, but this time he just sighed and flopped down into the backseat. Happy shot him a concerned glance in the rear view mirror when he didn't engage in his usual nonstop chatter but said nothing. Good.
By the time the two made it to Stark Towers Peter was regretting coming at all. It wasn't like Tony cared enough to ask about his personal life, of course, but how was he going to engage in the idle chatting he normally did while they worked on his suit? Whatever. He'd find an excuse.
The elevator was long and boring, what with Peter's silence and Happy trying to see if something was wrong without seeming like he cared. Which he probably didn't.
Happy gave a half-hearted goodbye when Peter stepped out into the lab but got nothing more than a nod in return. God, Peter just wanted to go back to the apartment. School had been exhausting enough, and now he had to do this?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Whump
Depression
Hospital
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Bullying
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Self-Harm
bitch I’m sad
Death
my life is crumbling around me but I’m good at writing so here I am

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

