Chapter 1: His Grace's Most Pressing Problem
    


Summary:

When Jarvis brings it to Duke Stark's attention that he really must wed soon, Tony resents it. He makes a careless choice and instructs his faithful butler to arrange the matters while he goes off to raise hell one last time before he's tied down for good.Meanwhile, Bucky gets a letter instructing him to report to the Duke to see if he might make a good spouse. Bucky resents it.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Edwin Jarvis, who was theoretically the butler to the ducal household but took on dozens of tasks, including valet and steward, shook out the duke’s evening jacket, a simple black, but finely made and tailored to the inch. “Your Grace,” the butler began, helping his master into the coat, “I believe I have discovered a solution to your Grace’s most pressing problem.”“Have you, Jarvis? That’s excellent news. I’ve been desperate for an excuse not to attend Lord Reed’s seminar. The man’s clever, but he does drone on.” Tony Stark, Duke of Manhattan, settled the jacket across his shoulders and shot his cuffs, half-turning to admire his profile in the long mirror.“No, your Grace,” Jarvis said, “I was supposing that a mere note would suffice, should you find attending to be out of your grace’s patience. I was referring to a more significant issue.” He dusted non-existent lint off Tony’s shoulders.“Smith Thor’s not on again about taking on one of his apprentices as my heir, is he? They’re fine children and proving to be quite gifted in the smithy, but it takes more than that to make a duke.” He looked over the selection of jewels Jarvis showed him and selected a pair of rings. He didn’t like to wear too many at once; they made his hands unwieldy and limited any functional use.“No, but it does have to do with your Grace’s status as duke,” Jarvis said. It was sometimes quite annoying when Jarvis wished Tony to say or do a specific thing. Tony’s brain, while quick and agile, didn’t seem to follow the same paths as other people’s. Guessing games were never anything he was going to improve upon, especially when Jarvis was so obviously trying to be delicate. Whatever it was, the old butler was obviously taking it very seriously.Tony wracked his brain, trying to think what other ducal concerns awaited. “You found an artist for the formal portrait?” By all rights, Tony’s formal portrait ought to be well underway by now -- it had been quite some time since he’d inherited the title -- but sitting for a painting was far down the list of things Tony wanted to do, so he kept putting it off.Jarvis peered out of the bedroom window. “No, your Grace. The other problem. Hogan is bringing the carriage ‘round now, but if you’ve a moment, I have been going through the mail, and I believe this deserves more immediate attention.” He put a simple card on the dresser, lined in black ribbon. A death notice. How depressing.Tony picked up the card and scanned its contents quickly. It was of distinctly mediocre stock, the writing tremulous, as if one the bereaved family had penned the words themselves rather than hire a scribe. It informed him that one Mr. George Barnes, Esquire, of Brooklyn, had passed. The name seemed very vaguely familiar, but Tony couldn’t think how he knew it. Probably someone he’d met in passing, or perhaps a businessman he’d worked with.“Very sad for the Barnes family, of course,” Tony said, glancing sidelong at Jarvis. “We’ll send a condolence, I suppose, with the next mail to go out. But I don’t see how that impacts my position, or any problems I currently have.”“You are not much like your father, young sir,” Jarvis said, resorting to more fond and less formal tones than he usually used. Jarvis had a great deal of respect for the ducal line. More so than Tony, most days. “The old duke would not have appreciated my being so forward, but if I may explain?”“You know I rely on you to speak plainly, always,” Tony assured his butler. “Please go on.”“I’m sure you’ve heard the old stories, although it’s been some years since your mother told this one. When you were but a young child, your parents went boating, and you attended. There was a terrible and sudden storm, and you were swept off the boat and into the floodwaters. You were not but two or three, and you hadn’t yet learned to swim,” Jarvis said. Tony still didn’t much like swimming; maybe that was where his distaste had come from. “And Mr. Barnes, a squire of meager means in Brooklyn, at great risk to his own life, pulled you from the water. He didn’t know who you were, just that you were a child in danger. Your father attempted to reward him for his service, but Mr. Barnes would not hear of it. I believe he and your father maintained a lively correspondence for many years. Mr. Barnes saved your life, thus ensuring that you would become the duke, your Grace.”Now that Jarvis had brought up that old story, Tony remembered it. His mother had told it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Identity Porn
Alternate Universe - Regency
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Sharing a Bed
Kidnapping
manners and courting
Ballroom Dancing
Virginity
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Frottage
Masturbation
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Switching
Mutual Pining
Misunderstandings
Letters
Minor Violence
Major Character Injury

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

