Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It's the heart in you - I know it in my bones - that made me change direction when I thought better off alone.

-


Ingrid Michaelson \ Ready To Lose ft. Trant Dabbs


   “You should go rest, Doctor,” FRIDAY pleads with him…pleads with him…dimming the lights in the room.  He doesn’t need to rest.He’d rested enough in the Soul world. It felt like years, even if it was just weeks in reality. Weeks of absolute chaos and hell across the universe. The aftermath of the snap was always vivid in every single alternate possibility he’d witnessed and the worst one he’s seen was the one where they have won in the end.This one.And now that everything is back in order, there’s no time to rest. Not until the man that brought the order back and is currently fast asleep in the bed he’s sitting by is alright. Alright.As if anyone is ever going to be alright after everything that happened. 
  He should have known something big and bad was coming. Whenever things are looking up in his life something big and bad is bound to ruin it. In this case, the big and bad took shape of a purple grape titan and his army of lackeys.Two lackeys and a donut spaceship to be more exact.“Yeah, sorry but Earth is closed today!” Tony yells at the gray alien, jumping into the middle of his evil speech – because it wouldn’t be Tony if he didn’t.“Stone-keeper. Does this blabbering animal speak for you?”Stephen glares at the alien, walking a few steps ahead of their group and forming shield signs. Only he gets to call Tony names during their banter, certainly not this asshole. “The only blabbering animal I see here is you. You and your pet over there are not welcomed on this planet!”“That means get lost, Squidward!”“I don’t know, he’s more of a Voldemort,” Stephen quips.“Ah yeah, you’re right. Perfect combination between them. Squidmort!” Tony smirks.“Voldeward?”“Ughhhh, they exhaust me,” Squidmort groans and turns to his buddy. “Bring me the stone.”  One lost battle later, he found himself on the very same donut spaceship, tortured by Squidmort himself. For just a moment anyway.“One of these needles could…,” he turns around, alerting to Tony’s presence, “end you friend’s life in an instance.”“My friend, huh? We haven’t really defined our relationship yet – thanks for that major cockblock move by the way, Voldeward. I’m really only here to beat your fugly face for that…saving him and by extension saving our date is a bonus I guess.”“You will save nothing. You can’t beat me. Your powers are inconsequential to mine,” Squidmort hisses and does his telekinesis thing.“That may be true, but the kid’s seen more movies.”Of course Peter followed them into a speeding alien donutship going who knows how far away into space.“What are you doing here?!” Stephen scolds him the second he gets his bearings after almost getting sucked out of the ship.“Saving your ass, that’s what,” Tony answers for the teen. “Me and the Cloak already handled the lecture, so you can just thank him now.”The Cloak returns to his shoulders and gives him a thumbs up. “I’m not thanking him for recklessly following us to an alien spaceship! Can you turn this thing around?”They ponder their options for a minute, deciding to follow the course that will bring them to fight Thanos instead of turning to run and hide back to Earth.And Peter not only didn’t bother to listen to the scolding, but clearly tuned out their strategic planning talk as well. “Did you say saving our date?” he gapes at Tony, eyes wide and a grin slowly making its way across his face.“Wh – did you not listen to anything past that at all?!” Tony closes his eyes and shakes his head in disbelief.“That sounded like the most important bit,” Peter shrugs, his awestricken gaze flicking between them. “This took a lot longer than we expected.”“Excuse me, we?!” Stephen demands, making Peter snap a hand over his mouth. “Who’s we?!”Tony pats him on the shoulder and sighs. “Him, his science club, Wong, Happy, Rhodey…I’m pretty sure he got everyone in on it by now, they weren’t exactly subtle. Even this thing,” he thugs at the Cloak.“Unbelievable.”“Impressive,” Tony mumbles.In those moments, Stephen could have forgotten they’re in a spaceship heading off to fight the worst enemy they’ve ever faced. Tony studying the ship’s mainframe, Peter geeking over it, Stephen pouting in the corner pretending he’s still mad, yet unable to hide the fond expression overtaking his features at the sight.All of that changed on Titan. Everything changed on Titan.Earning new allies in the Guardians upped their chances of beating Thanos, but Stephen didn’t realize just how little until he saw it for himself.Fourteen million different times. Fourteen million different losses. Fourteen million nightmares in vivid colors carving into his memory like daggers.It didn’t matter what they did on Titan – Thanos would always win in the end. If they lived or if they died, if they fought or if they ran…it didn’t matter.Somewhere around the fif
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Canon Temporary Character Death
Totally not canon and not temporary character death
Avengers 4 and post-Avengers 4 AU
BAMF Tony Stark
Thanos is defeated
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
BAMF Stephen Strange
Not A Fix-It
Supremefamily
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
why is the Cloak not in the character tags
how rude

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

