Work Text:
Bucky prides himself on his awareness of his surroundings. Picked up from his years in the army, but also beaten into him over about 70 years of being a hostage. You couldn’t go seven decades without ever being seen by anyone you weren’t trying to kill, without having sound knowledge of human behavioural patterns, that sense of what was going to happen before it happened. Sometimes Steve would pinch his cheek and coo, “My little clairvoyant”, and Bucky would swat his hand away because he didn’t like being mocked. At least he liked to act like he didn’t, now that Steve had chosen to become the dictionary definition of a cock-tease.Bucky could usually see when something was coming his way. An object thrown at his head. A bullet on its way to his chest. Steve, about to snap and shove Bucky to his knees so he could shove other things into other places.So, it’s driving him just a little crazy that his initial assessment was entirely skewed, and Steve wasn’t bluffing when he’d said he was banning Bucky from sex for a week.It wasn’t anything Bucky did wrong. Steve was basically punishing him for being himself, the dickwad. So, yeah, maybe Bucky made a few comments, joking ones, about how often Steve wanted it. Fuck, anyone would if they were taking two to three showers a day to clean the spunk out of their ass because Captain America didn’t know how to keep it in his pants for more than two hours at a time.He wasn’t actually complaining, but Steve was already past the point of no return as soon as the words had left Bucky’s mouth, and there was no convincing him once he’d gotten all surly and  ‘well I won’t bother you anymore then’. Steve was just sensitive.It’s been four days, and they’ve been long ones. All days off too, Bucky hasn’t even had a bad guy or two to lay into, take the edge off. He and Steve spend all the livelong day together, fully clothed.In the evenings, they sleep together; just sleep, and Bucky doesn’t push it, he still has his dignity. Steve’s a grown man, if he says he doesn’t want it, then fine, no problem. Alright, he tried pushing it a little on the first day, opened the bathroom door and followed Steve into the shower, but Steve aimed the shower head at his face when he got handsy and Bucky smacked him across the arm and Steve laughed and Bucky strengthened his resolve to show Steve he didn’t give two shits about his little ‘punishment’.But, fuck. No sex. For a week. Steve’s a sick son of a bitch.It’s day four now and Bucky is restless at this point, practically bouncing off the walls, aching to be held still and made to focus, just for a little while. He’s not usually this bad, never knew how much he needed it until he couldn’t have it, until it was dangled in front of him just out of his reach. Even watching Steve breathe is an exquisite torture, at this stage. No sex doesn’t mean no jerking off, of course. Steve could take his own cock out of commission all he liked, didn’t mean Bucky couldn’t take matters into his own hands.He contradicted himself a lot because the fantasy that liked to buzz around his head was one where Steve had banned him from orgasms altogether for a week, and yet here Bucky was, fist wrapped tight around his dripping cock, jerking into it, two fingers pressing desperately into his hole. Steve would walk in on him, call him a slut, a needy little floozy, and Bucky would shudder and grunt and come, and come, and Yes, Steve, holy fuck.And that marked off the third orgasm of day four.Bucky’s sure Steve knows exactly what he’s doing when he locks the bedroom door and turns on his handy Bluetooth speaker to the loudest volume, but the little bastard never says a word. Bucky will come back downstairs in a change of clothes, his hair tumbling out of its messy bun, cheeks flushed, and Steve will look at him with his stupid blue eyes and ask what he wants for lunch.And yet, despite how unbothered he likes to act, Bucky knows it’s getting to him, too. Just like when he was a hundred pounds soaking wet and brawling with college kids in back alleys – he’d bitten off more than he could chew, and now he would rather die than admit defeat. xxx“Hey Steve?” Bucky calls, crouched in front of the cupboard by the sink. So many fucking cupboards in this apartment. So much storage space. Who even had enough stuff to fill it? He did now, apparently. He had to practice some breathing exercises every time he remembered he had five different types of colanders. Two of them were just the exact same one, in different colours. He- “What,” Steve said, coming into the kitchen, then pausing in the doorway. Amidst his inner materialist guilt monologue, Bucky’d nearly forgot he called him. “What are you wearing?”Or not wearing, as it were. Bucky remains in his crouch for a few seconds longer, twisting at the waist to look up at Steve, through his eyelashes. He went out earlier in the afternoon, running errands. Steve's in jeans, a long-sleeved clingy white t-shirt and bare feet. Bucky's 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PWP
0.2 grams of plot
Anal Sex
Begging
Enthusiastic Consent
Kitchen Sex
pasta abandonment
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Light Dom/sub
Dirty Talk
Humor
at times - Freeform
bucky just wan sum fuk
steve is being a baby okay!
sex ban

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

