Chapter 1: Love Child
    




Chapter Text
“I didn’t realize you were this famous,” Peter stared in awe as Tony flipped through pictures on his phone, snuggled up to his boyfriend’s side. The couple laid in bed lazily, lingering on each image for a moment before Tony swiped to the next one.Tony had just returned from the Met Gala and Peter was enthralled to say the least.The older man snorted at the boy’s remark.“Well I don’t know if I’m a proper celebrity, but I think people know who I am, Pete. I’m offended you don’t think so,” Tony nudged Peter’s side with his elbow in a defensive gesture.“Didn’t mean it like that…” Peter buried himself further under the sheets, laying his head on Tony’s chest. The man continued to scroll, showing the younger who he got to see that night at the event. Pictures of Beyoncé and Jay Z, Elon Musk, Jennifer Lawrence, Donald Glover and multitudes of other immediately recognizable figures flipped by on Tony’s phone screen. The boy could barely believe Tony was feet away from these people less than an hour ago. Or that his lover was on the same level as these A-listers.“Go back,” Peter said, muffled slightly from the sheets overtop his mouth.Tony reversed, landing on a picture of Cardi B. She looked beautiful, in a goddess-like flowing, gold gown. Her body was full, feminine, curvy and...well... pregnant. Immensely so, at that.“I didn’t know she was pregnant… She looks so good,” Peter muttered, reaching out to zoom in a little on her figure.Tony looked down at Peter, who was intensely fixated on this image. The cogs were turning in the boy’s brain. He could tell.“She does look really good. Pregnancy makes everyone look better, I suppose,” Tony said absently. He continued to flip to the next images.Selena Gomez, Wiz Khalifa, Kim K…“Would I look better pregnant?” Peter blurted out, looking up at the older man from under the sheets.Tony nearly choked. Sometimes Peter was extremely coy and self-conscious. Other times, not so much. He had never considered the boy pregnant before, but it was something that undeniably made his mouth water. Peter with a full, round figure. That glow. Cradling his belly in his hands to indicate to others that he was expecting. It was a lot to take in.“Pregnant with my baby, right?” Tony quipped, seeing how serious Peter was about this. He must be joking, right?Peter sighed, nuzzling into his chest more.“Of course, your baby. You’d make such a good daddy…” Peter ran his foot up the man’s leg provocatively.“Do you wanna try to give me a baby tonight?”Tony felt his mouth go dry. The boy was fluttering his eyelashes, doing that sweet and innocent thing that Tony knew was complete bullshit. The boy was dirtier than he was. But he loved the act nonetheless. Peter was a naughty little tart. He knew what Tony wanted and how he wanted it. The things that came out of his mouth when he wanted some action made the older man crazy.Tony decided to give in, setting his phone down beside him. He leaned up, pushing the boy onto his back, and got on top of him.Peter smiled, knowing he was getting what he wanted.“Peter… You want me to knock you up?” The man sweetly caressed his cheek, watching him lean into his touch, “Is that what you want, honey?”The boy nodded eagerly, letting his eyes slip shut. Tony knew exactly how kinky Peter was about being dominated and owned. This wasn’t about a baby. Not really. It was more about Tony owning Peter from the inside out. The man knew that before Peter most likely realized it about his own fantasy. That fact alone made Tony’s cock stiffen immediately. Only Peter could make the now 48-year-old man go from zero to one hundred in a matter of seconds, like he was as young as the boy himself.The age difference between the two made this idea all the more perfect. Tony let himself briefly dwell on how fertile Peter would be at 18. How gorgeous he would look carrying their child. Maybe this was something he was into too. Who would've thought? Tony hated kids, but Peter having a baby was the hottest thing he'd ever imagined.Tony began sucking on Peter’s neck while reaching under the sheets to grope the boy. Peter was already fully hard too. It was so easy to play Peter's mind and body like an instrument. Of course, he was more than happy to oblige to his sweet boyfriend.He reached for the lube in the bedside table, popping it open and pouring a generous amount on his two fingers. Tony then slipped his hand under the waistband of Peter’s tiny boxer shorts, finding the boy’s hole quickly. He nudged his slicked-up fingers to him, circling.“Want me to put a baby in here? Inside your little hole?” Tony growled into Peter’s ear, gripping his hip bruisingly tight with his free hand. Peter was breathing heavily, rubbing his face against Tony’s cheek and neck over and over like a cat in heat. He might as well have been one, at this rate.Peter shook, spreading his legs wider and attempting to pull Tony closer despite being pinned under all his weight. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Breeding Kink
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Pregnancy Kink
Mpreg
Dirty Peter
PWP
Porn Without Plot
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

