Chapter 1: Permission to (Not) Go
    




Chapter Text
Fuck. A long string of curses weaved its way into every thought that ran through his head, his mind going 80 miles an hour. 
Fuck. Fuck fucking shitnuggets. Why in the entire goddamn fucking universe did whatever god that's up there decide to punish me like this. Of all fucking places, why. The fucking bastard. Cunt, shit. Fuck.
 Peter stared down at the permission slip with disdain. His distaste towards the trip’s location must have been evident in his expression because not a moment after he seemed to notice, Flash spoke up. ”Scared we’re finally gonna find out you lied about your intership, Penis?” he sneered. Groaning, Peter put his head in his hands. It was going to be a long week.Perhaps he could persuade May to let him not go? As long as the other Avengers don’t find out and force him to go, he should be good. May would understand. She would know that the other Avengers would be out to embarrass him the whole trip.    ”I dunno man. Maybe just ask them to, y’know, not embarrass you? It shouldn’t be too hard.” Ned stated as if it was the most obvious thing. “They’re the Avengers, man, they’ll realise that you’re actually stressed about this and lay off it for a bit. They’re nice people and, not to mention, they care about you.” Peter just looked at him with wide, disbelieving eyes as he took a bite of his sandwich. Ned caught on. ”Okay, maybe they’ll embarrass you a little. But come on! I’m sure they’ll tone it down a bit if you just ask. They’re practically your family.” he added. Ignoring the last part, Peter sighed and fiddled with his lunch.”Maybe. But I know that some of them won’t. Clint for sure. Probably Mr. Stark, too. If I’m lucky, Scott won’t be there. However; if he is? He’ll tease me endlessly. Not to mention, if I go, there’s a very low chance of me leaving with my secret identity intact.” He paused while Ned took a moment to process that statement before continuing. “I mean, come on. Aside from Nat, they’re about as bad at keeping secrets as you and I are. All of us in the same room is sure to out me, no doubts about it.” ”Dude, come on! It’ll be fun.” Ned whined. ”For you, maybe. For me, definitely not.” Peter grumbled and went on with his day.   Peter swung open the door to his apartment, and was immediately swept into a hug which he did not hesitate to return. “How was school today, sweetie?” May said, pulling away and shutting the door behind Peter. “It was alright, for the most part.” he replied. Upon seeing her joyous expression morph into one of concern, he quickly added, “I’m just a little worried about a field trip that’s been planned.” “To where? Why are you worried??” May went into full mother hen mode. Peter didn’t notice the way the edges of her lips twitched upward slightly. “The Stark Tower...” Peter whispered. “I’m worried that either I’ll be outed as Spider-Man or completely embarrassed by the Avengers, or both.” May made one of those pouts that mothers do when they see their child worry about something (you know the one). It drips with exaggerated sympathy. Peter doesn’t notice the fakeness of her voice. Putting her fingers through his hair, she asked to see the form. “Is it alright if you say I can’t go? I know I’m probably overreacting, Aunt May, but I really don’t want to go. Ned tried to talk to me earlier, but I just don’t think they’d listen.” Peter let out a defeated sigh. If he couldn’t get May to agree with him, then there was no way he was getting out of the trip.  “Well...” The suddenness of May’s voice shattered the silence into a million pieces. “Tony said you’d try to get out of this, and that I should insist you go before inevitably signing the form anyway. Normally, I’d have said no, but Pepper was with him and assured me that it would be fine.” May grinned, and something not unlike mischief flashed behind her eyes. Peter let out an exasperated groan. “Betrayed by my last living family member. May, how could you?” He dramatically raised his hand to his head, “Woe is me!”. May laughed, glad that Peter wasn’t too upset. She loved messing with him and embarrassing him, but she still cared more about his wellbeing than anything. She handed him the signed form. “Make sure that gets in, okay? I don’t have time to confirm over the phone that you can go, with all these extra shifts I’m taking.” “Of course!” Peter looked down at the piece of paper in his hands and grimaced.  After May had assured Peter he’d be okay, he felt a little bit better, but... Well, life had a tendency to go downhill.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Field Trip
flash thompson is an asshole
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
because i don’t want to deal with half of them not there or pardon them or smth
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Rated T for swearing
13 of the first 58 words are swear words
I counted
also loki and peter parker friendship
because i cant get enough of that
Infinity War never happened
neither did civil war
ok
alrighty then
loki only makes an appearance in chapter 3 and after
sorry??
Peter's SI field trip

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

