Chapter 1: The Announcement
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker had never wanted to damage school property more than in this moment.The non-stop ticking of the clock on the far wall was drilling into his skull. He had been up late the night before helping Tony repair Sam’s wings. They had gotten caught in some cables after a malfunction. Tony had assured the teenager that he could have done it alone, but Peter knew the coding for the pack better than Stark did. It was nearly four a.m. by the time the young superhero got to bed. When F.R.I.D.A.Y. roused him only a couple hours later he wanted to sink into his mattress and never leave it. His defiance only lasted a few minutes before Tony was pounding on his door and ordering him to get up. “You got an hour before you gotta be at school, kid. Up!” Peter had sent him a glare through the thick wall that would have made Aunt May scold him for a good ten minutes when she was alive.An hour later, he was stumbling into Midtown Tech and by the end of the day, all he wanted to do was sleep and never get up again. Ned nudged him from his left and gestured to the lecture in front of him. Something to do with thermodynamics. He hastily wrote the notes down, his handwriting barely legible. Tick…tick…tick. Peter suppressed the groan that threatened to leave his throat. He could feel Flash staring at him and tried to ignore him. Unfortunately, that was never possible. “What’s wrong, Penis? Up late working on your secret internship?” Peter heard Flash and his idiot friends laughing quietly, but Peter didn’t even have the energy to even think of a retort, let alone a good one. He vaguely heard Ned tell Flash to leave them alone. It felt like seconds, but soon the bell rang, and his day was finally over.“Hold on class, one more thing!” Mr. Stadler said as they all stood. Peter did let his groan of frustration out this time as his head hit the table top. Ned patted his back in comfort. “Yes, Mr. Parker, I’m sure it’s torture to stay a minute longer,” Stadler said with a laugh. “I just wanted to let you know that this year’s field trip is one that I don’t think you’ll want to miss. We’ve been selected to go and tour Stark Tower!” Peter straightened up as if someone had just thrown cold water on him. “Oh, that got your attention, Peter,” Stadler said. “These specific tours only happen twice a year, so be grateful. I have your permission slips here! Grab one on your way out.” Stadler dismissed them then and instantly Flash was at Peter’s side.“Well, well, well, it looks like the cat will soon be out of the bag, Parker.” Flash grinned. “I can’t wait to see the look on everyone’s face when we find out you’re a liar.” Flash just laughed and followed his cronies out into the hall. Peter was a statue when Ned approached him and gave him one of the slips.“Ironic, isn’t it? That you have to get a permission slip just to go home?” Ned tried to laugh, but it sounded forced. Peter slowly came back to himself and looked down at the sheet in front of him.“Why me?” he said simply. Ned hauled him off his stool and pulled him from the classroom.“Think of it this way, Peter…” Peter looked to his best friend hopefully. “Actually, I have nothing to say, sorry man.” Peter groaned again and made his way to his locker. He hastily pulled his bag and jacket from it, slamming it shut a bit too hard. Ned looked on with sympathy. “It’ll be fine, just as long as nobody finds out about your night job.” Peter sighed with a laugh that sounded a bit delirious.“Ned, people finding out about Spider-Man is the last thing I am worried about. You know how they get!” Peter exclaimed as they headed for the front doors. “They live to embarrass me. Even when I’m saving their lives from giant robots, they still make jabs…Look, I love them, they’re my family, but this is not going to be fun for me at all. Why are you shaking your head?” Peter asked.“Dude, you’re complaining about your family. Which would be normal if they weren’t the freaking Avengers.” Ned said, grinning broadly. “I’d give them a bit more credit. I mean covert is basically their MO, right?”“Tell that to the God of Thunder and the purple android with an infinity stone in his forehead.”“Point taken,” Ned said. The two friends exited the school and Ned patted him on the back in farewell. Peter just wanted to run away for at least a week. He’d tell Tony he needed some time to think about May. Or he could just go into hiding. Maybe they’ll think he got kidnapped or something. Then there were the ventilation shafts…though Clint tended to like those as well… A horn sounded from across the street, pulling Peter out of his reverie. Peter jogged across the street and got into the back of the car. Happy turned around and lowered his glasses.“What’s up, kid? You seem distracted.” Peter handed over the permission slip. Happy looked it over before he started laughing. Peter sunk into his seat and glared at him. “I’m sorry, kid, but this, this is just great. Oh, don’t l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter parker & Ned Leeds & Michelle Jones
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Senior Year Peter
Iron Dad Spider Son
Protective Tony Stark
Dead Aunt May
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Infinity War What is that?
Happy Avengers
Avengers Family
field trip to stark tower
Loki actually gives great advice
Post-Black Panther (2018)
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
we like happy stories so Infinity War doesnt exist
Who likes Thanos anyway?
Air vent clint
Tony Stark Has A Heart
avengers mission

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter parker & Ned Leeds & Michelle Jones
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

