Chapter 1: Tinder
    




Chapter Text

 I love my men like how I love my tea. With lots of C 12 H 22 O 11. 
Tony swipes right in a heartbeat, because hey, his interest is piqued by this man, well...boy (his profile says his nineteen, and Tony ignores the curl of heat in the pit of his stomach). Does the huge age difference between them makes Tony question himself whether he should be doing this? Nope. Not really. He's never been one to second guess himself. The corners of his lips curves up into a satisfied grin when the app informs him that 'Peter' and him are a match.Not one to waste any time, Tony fires off a simple 'hi' and then cringes once he's sent it. Seriously? Him, Tony Stark, CEO of his own goddamn company with more than enough money to burn and all he can manage is a 'hi'?
 Peter: Hey! I'm Peter. 

 Peter: Wait, you probably already know that since it's on my profile. 

 Peter: So...I couldn't help noticing that you're way older than I am. Not that I'm saying you're old old, but...uh, should I call you Tony or Mr.Stark? 

 Tony: Just 'Tony' is fine. 

 Peter: Aren't you going to ask me what C 12 H 22 O 11 is? 

 Tony: Fortunately for you, I know what that is. 

 Peter: Oh, thank fuck. I had so many people asking me what it was that I literally copied the explanation off Google. It sounded more witty in my head, to be honest. 

 Tony: Before we take this any further, I take it that your preference leans towards older rich men? 

 Peter: .....yes. I wouldn't have matched with you if I didn't. 

 Tony: Perfect. 
x.x.x''Oh, wow. Wow . You look exactly like your profile picture, Mr.Stark.''Tony raises an eyebrow at that and Peter sheepishly sinks into the seat opposite him, ''I mean, there's lots of dodgy sorts on Tinder that use a fake profile picture.'' Peter offers as an explanation.''Glad to know that my profile picture does me justice in real life.''The older male thinks that Peter's Tinder profile picture doesn't do him any justice in real life. He's,well, Tony wouldn't exactly describe him as a twink, but goddamn if he isn't a fucking sight for sore eyes with that creamy unblemished skin and wide-eyed innocence. The younger male doesn't seem to have any difficulty meeting Tony's eyes, but the other is aware that it's all false bravado. Tony has sat across countless of business men pitching their insipid ideas to him to recognize false bravado. Can't say that he isn't impressed though.''Wine?'' He asks politely, gesturing to the bottle of Jadot Clos de la Roche between them."No thanks, I'm too y-" Peter falters and then hastily corrects himself, cheeks pinking slightly. "Sure. Why not?"A generous amount is poured into his glass and Peter politely thanks him, gaze slightly curious, ''Are you sure that this timing is fine for you, Mr.Stark? Won't you have to rush back to the office after the lunch hour is over?''Tony doesn't make an attempt to correct Peter, and though there's absolutely nothing seductive about the way Peter says ''Mr.Stark'', he's still faintly aroused by it. If anything, it's because it further highlights the difference in age between the both of them.''I'm the CEO of my own company. Half of my employees abhor me, so I'm pretty damn certain that they'll be more than grateful to have me out of their hair and not breathing down their neck for the next few hours.'' Peter laughs at that, and it's a sound that's genuinely sweet, like it's the funniest thing he's heard all day. ''So. You do this often then?'' He gestures to himself. ''Meet potential sugar daddies in between classes?''Even in the dim lighting of the restaurant, Tony notices the flush that crawls up the male's neck and up to his face and his mind conjures up a myriad of images of that happening in an entirely different situation. One that involves his bed, preferably, or any flat surface. This pretty, pretty boy red-faced and begging incoherently beneath him. But that's a thought for another time.Peter fiddles with the napkin and Tony's gaze strays to the male's left hand, noticing the well-kept Frederique Constant watch adorning his skinny wrist. It's more than obvious that Peter isn't completely new to this entire sugar baby business. It's entirely impossible that whatever he owns right now was purchased with his own money; from the clothes adorning his body, to the leather satchel bag carefully placed behind him and the very fact that Peter looks very well-kempt for a boy his age.''Not that often.'' The boy finally answers, breaking the silence between them. ''I'm in a...arrangement with someone. Well, was. It's sort of on hold? He's a surgeon in a hospital halfway across the world. We're both open to having arrangements with other people.'' Peter reaches for his wine glass and takes a sip that leaves a faint red tinge on his lips. ''Are you in an arrangement with anyone else, Mr.Stark? Exclusivity isn't a must for me, in case you're wondering.''Tony wasn't planning on lying about his status from the start, and so,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff
Smut
Underage Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Daddy Kink
Alternate Universe
Older Man/Younger Man
Crossdressing Kink
Anal Sex
blowjob
Dirty Talk
Age Difference
Tony isn't an asshole in this
Sugar Daddy
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
Size Kink
Peter likes his men older and married
Feminization
Happy Ending
Sugar Daddy Stephen Strange
Threesome - M/M/M

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

