Work Text:
“I was thinking,” Loki says, jerking Thor from his blissful doze. “We really ought to find you a wife.” “No,” Thor replies immediately for he’s long learned that to be the safest reaction to any of Loki’s propositions. The words register a moment later and he blinks. “Wait, what?” Loki rolls onto his side, carelessly tangling the sheets until Thor slaps at him in annoyance, fingers lingering where they find bare skin. Dawn paints their surroundings in muted shades, the lashing rain against the glass panes nearly drowning out Loki’s sound of amusement as he moves closer to peer at Thor. “A wife, brother. Surely the concept is not too foreign?” “You didn’t mind my grasp on the concept earlier.” Thor’s thumb traces the shape of Loki’s hipbone with just the slightest hint of pressure. A glint of teeth, amusement there and gone in a flash. Loki’s fingers tap a quick rhythm against his chest. “I suppose there is something to be said for the fostering of acceptance through prolonged exposure.”Silence stretches between them for a long moment, both regarding the other with absolute certainty of what’s about to come. “Would you care to take that back?” Thor asks mildly. Loki’s eyes appear as dark wells of ink in this light. He wets his lips, head cocked. “I would not.” “Well, in that case.” Thor has him on his back and buried beneath his own weight so quickly the bedframe groans in protest, metal bending beneath forces it was never designed for. Loki is ready for him when Thor moves in for a kiss, teeth nicking his bottom lip before relenting; always making things more difficult than they really have to be.  Thor doesn’t mind. Part of him still marvels that they can have this again, thought it dead and buried on the night of his coronation-that-never-was along with so many other things. But when Loki came to him in the wake of their battle with Thanos, pale, haunted, bruised and wondrously alive, any misgiving either of them may have had didn’t seem to matter. Not anymore. They slipped into their millennia-old habits like into a well-worn cloak and Loki moved into the chambers T’Challa had provided for Thor as soon as they arrived in Wakanda. Thunder rumbles in the distance and Loki breaks their kiss, laughter warm against Thor’s jaw. “I’m flattered, brother.” A lazy thrust with his hips in retaliation draws a satisfying hitch of breath, Loki baring his throat in a way that makes Thor want to do unspeakable things to him. He settles for another thrust. “This realm does receive seasonal storms, you know.” Loki tips his head to one side. “I hardly see the need for deflection. If your quest for a bride requires it, I’ll be happy to provide similarly favorable references.”    Tendrils of alarm tighten Thor’s spine, faltering his movement. ”This jest has grown stale, Loki.”“Asgard’s fate is not a matter I usually jest on.” The eerie morning light throws Loki’s features into even sharper relief than usual. Thor has to fight the urge to drag them both out and away to where the sun is shining and where this conversation might make even a little more sense.  Instead he moves until they’re lying side by side, turned towards each other like they used to do when they were mere children; huddled together in the dark. Loki doesn’t resist, simply observes him with a stillness that makes Thor’s neck prickle. “Do you truly believe my marriage status is the most pressing of our concerns at the moment? We haven’t even brought all of our people to safety yet.” The Asgardians recovered from the dimension the soul stone had thrown them into, followed them to Wakanda in the aftermath of their victory over Thanos, but it took Thor weeks to establish contact with Brunnhilde. Tasked with the safety of the remainder of their people, she led them farther than even Thor’s new allies ever travelled and it was only with some of Rocket’s far stretching contacts that they finally discovered their whereabouts. The Valkyrie promised to begin the return journey immediately, but even so they still weren’t expected to reach Midgard for another fortnight. “If anything, the situation is forcing our hand.” Loki says.  “Had Thanos succeeded, your lineage would have ended then and there.”“Our lineage,” Thor insists, earning a huff of exasperation. “You’re missing the point, Thor. One misstep and a bloodline that has existed long before most of the creatures of this realm thought to climb out of their trees could be wiped out. As long as that holds true, Asgard’s fate remains uncertain.” “Marriage won’t change that.” “An heir will.” Loki’s voice betrays his barely tempered impatience in the face of his brother’s deliberate obtuseness. Thor bites back a smile he knows would earn him a bruise.      “I didn’t know you were that eager to become an uncle.” Something changes in Loki’s face at those words, a shadow there and gone before Thor can truly examine it and a more familiar long suffering expression takes its place. “I can’t imagine any of your offs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It of Sorts
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

