Work Text:
There weren’t many times in Peter’s life that knowing Italian came in handy. While he no longer had to listen to Mr. Delmar talk about his “hot aunt,” he would have been much happier not understanding in the first place. Other than to put a smile on May’s face, he had never put his knowledge to use.Then enter Tony Stark.Peter hadn’t meant to hide his knowledge from the older man; in fact, having some common knowledge excited Peter to no end, giving him an opportunity to show off and (hopefully, possibly) impress the billionaire. But the first time he ever heard Tony speak Italian was on a mission, when the man let out a rather alarming string of imaginative curses through the comms. Natasha, the only other person to understand, chuckled and added in her own quip. Peter was stunned into silence by hearing his mentor speak so graphically. And not in a  holy shit, how can you say such things?  kind of way. No, very much so in a  can you  do  some of those things to me?  kind of way.Really, who  wouldn’t  want to know what it was like to have Iron Man’s gauntlet shoved up their ass? (Apparently not the alien invaders they had been fighting but, well, it was their loss.)Peter soon learned that Tony used Italian to vent his frustrations rather often, and realized the man may lose that form of expression if Peter made it known that he understood every word. So he kept silent. One of the more fun, if somewhat bothersome, side-effects of the radioactive spider bite was an increased  everything  -- metabolism, sensory perception, reflexes.  Sex drive.  And while he wasn’t the most popular kid  socially  (hello, marching band!), he was quite popular in  other  areas at school.Let’s just say, he had really earned the nickname “Penis Parker.”He was definitely not the type to shy away from sex. So when he was tugging on his suit one day in Tony’s lab after the man had made yet  another  tweak to its system, and he heard Tony mutter, “Vorrei che tu non indossassi niente sotto,” Peter was shocked to find his throat dry up in response. His tongue refused to cooperate, as it always seemed to when Tony was involved. Instead he pulled on the mask, and chatted with Karen about the updates as he silently chanted,  What the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the  actual  fuck. He spent that night in his bed, jacking off, picking apart what Tony had meant, jacking off some more, contemplating whether he should make a move, jacking off some  more, and finally deciding to play it cool for now. Sure, he slept around with people at school -- but it was always meaningless. He never made a pass at close friends, like Ned or MJ, because it would complicate things. And he couldn’t afford to complicate things with Tony, especially if the man was just casually lusting after Peter’s body, and nothing more.Maybe there had been a dam holding back Tony’s desire; whatever it was, from that point on, he became much more verbal about his interest -- just always in Italian. Peter would try out a new web-shooter style, and Tony would mutter about spraying Peter with his own white fluid.One day, after a mission, Tony gave him a cherry lollipop and a pat on the head. “Good job, kid,” he said.Peter rolled his eyes under his mask, rather chagrined at Tony’s infantilization. Then he pulled up the mask to pop the lolly into his mouth and tried to suppress a grin as the man struggled to tear his gaze away. Peter pulled the treat out, lapping at it with his tongue, before taking it in his mouth once more and sucking until his cheeks hollowed.“Vuoi succhiare il mio cazzo in quel modo?” Tony muttered, dropping his faceplate as he looked away.Peter wished he could have really seen his mentor’s reaction, wondered if Tony needed to readjust himself in his pants as the teen slurped at the sticky candy. Because his answer to that question was a resounding  hell yeah.  After that, it became kind of a game to Peter, seeing what evoked reactions from the older man. He firmly decided not to say anything, and instead drive Tony mad until he caved and made a move. That move preferably being bending Peter over and fucking him six ways to Sunday.The lab was suddenly stocked with lollipops, Tony muttering about how Peter “seemed to enjoy them so much,” as if it was really for the teen’s benefit. And it certainly was; he loved seeing Tony’s eyes darken as his lips closed around the treat.Once Peter needed help with an equation, and Tony pressed against his back to peer over his shoulder. One of his hands gripped Peter’s bicep, squeezing lightly, as his other pulled the pencil out of the teen’s hand to fix his mistake. As he pulled away, he stroked Peter’s cheek and whispered, “Che bel ragazzo.”The rough drag of calluses down his skin, coupled with Tony’s warm breath beating against his ear and that sweet praise, was a trigger for Peter’s overactive sex drive. He had to excuse himself, clutching his notebook over his lap as he fled to the bathroom and masturbate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dirty Talk
(in Italian)
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
top!tony
Bottom!Peter
Slut Shaming
(consensually)
Age Difference
Crying
Peter is kind of the school slut
and he's very proud of it
(Tony is impressed)
Pining
Sexual Frustration
Attempted Seduction
Semi-Public Sex
Language Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

