Chapter 1: Peter Stark Missing
    




Chapter Text
At four thirty-seven AM on the eleventh of August, Peter Benjamin Stark was born. The first thing he ever saw was his father’s face. Peter cried. Tony smiled. It was the start of something. - The press had a field day. They’d been waiting for the child of Tony Stark and Pepper Potts for months. Peter was three weeks late. They were all growing agitated. Still, he was worth the wait; a small, smiling baby with his father’s eyes and mother’s laugh. He was the future, that’s what the papers said. He was the future of Stark Industries, the future of the world. Being the son of the Western world’s foremost weapons designer meant it was destined.To Peter, though, small and fascinated by colours and sounds, by everything he saw and couldn’t understand, Tony Stark wasn’t the merchant of death. Tony Stark was Daddy and Daddy would never hurt him.Tony Stark, decidedly, would never hurt Peter.The world crowded Peter for a long time; watched in awe as he was raised, one step at a time, walking three months quicker than the doctors said he would, talking his meaningless chatter far before expected, too. The press called him a prodigy child, and so did his parents when they tucked him into bed at night.“Our prodigy baby,” Pepper whispered, planting a kiss on his forehead.Tony Stark had been a prodigy once – still was, by all accounts. The memories itched at the back of his head; the cameras, the lights, the announcements made for all of his most minor accomplishments and his face on the cover of magazines he wasn’t even old enough to read. He wanted better for Peter. He was sure he could manage it.At four, Peter followed in his father’s footsteps and built his first circuit board.At six, Peter was working on his first engine, sitting on the floor of the lab next to his father’s guiding hands, when things went wrong.Tony’s home lab in California no longer held any weaponry. This was for the best; that he did his work elsewhere. It was for the best, because when the building shook, when the masked men in black marched down the stairs and into his lab, the whole cliffside could’ve gone up.But it didn’t. Instead, Tony protected his son the best he could, but unconsciousness took him without warning, without asking. When he awoke, Peter was gone, and so was the warmth he used to feel in his chest. 
PETER STARK MISSING

 
They searched. By God, they searched.But it was a strategic attack; they were still unravelling from his son’s disappearance when the Afghanistan weapons demo approached. Obi would look after the company in his absence and Pepper would lead the search for Peter. He didn’t want to go. He didn’t want to go.“It’s what’s best,” Obi said, placating. “Maybe you need some time away.”He went. He half-assed the sell but sold the Jericho anyway. It had only been a month since Peter’s disappearance, only a month since he’d vomited out his insides until bile was all that was left and his organs were threatening to claw up his throat and into the toilet bowl.His car was attacked on the drive back to the plane. 
TONY STARK MISSING

 

What a pair, we are.
Tony didn’t know this, but Pepper was put in protective custody. It was an assault on the Stark family, the press guessed. Maybe they were pissed about the weapon manufacturing, or maybe they just wanted to see the world burn.Tony didn’t know this, but Pepper broke. Snapped in two then shattered. Where she’d held in her vomit and blood-stained insides to remain strong in Peter’s absence, she couldn’t hold it back anymore when Tony was gone, too. Her son and her husband in the span of a month. Someone was trying to destroy her heart, and Pepper was considering letting them.Tony didn’t know this, either, but Pepper always got back up when she’d finished puking her soul into the toilet. She always got back up, showered and climbed into her most wrinkle-free outfits to go on live television, on the news, radio, the streets, and beg for her family to come home.Pepper was not born a Stark, but she was the strongest of them all. - When Tony came home, Iron Man came with him. A suit of armour that made him feel braver, stronger, more able than ever before. Pepper hated it and loved it.She hated that he was willing to put himself in danger again, as if she hadn’t practically died the first time.She hated that the suit made him feel invincible, forgetting that he was anything but.Most of all though, she hated that he didn’t make her one too. Hated that she couldn’t climb into a suit of armour every day and fight the world until it coughed her son back up and into her arms. How was she supposed to fight armed gunmen with heels and a suit?Even with Iron Man, though, Peter still didn’t come home. - Don’t believe what the reporters say, Tony and Pepper Stark never once stopped looking for their son. - The world, too, never forgot about him. Slowly, though, Peter’s name only reappeared on his birthday, a reminder of every year they mis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Abduction
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kidnapping
May and Ben arent in this either bc theyre not relevant to plot
Hydra
Teen rating for language
Peter says Fuck
Irondad Spiderson - Freeform
ironfam
originally i said pepper wasnt in this enough but then i realised i could change that
so now peppers in it a bunch
youre welcome
brief mention to past suicidal thoughts
a fic thats actually turning out ten times better than anyone thought it would

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes

