Work Text:
Tony thinks he deals with it pretty well. He’s lost nine years, including the coma he’s spent the last five months in.In nine years, he escaped from Afghanistan and joined a superhero team. Also dated Pepper, who is now his- friend? CEO? He’s still getting into the groove of things.Also, Captain America white-knuckles his own knees the whole way through people explaining things to Tony. Because Captain America is alive, and is apparently one of Tony’s closest friends.Pepper stutters over that last part, gaze darting over to the redhead- Natasha R-Something, who presses her lips together and looks away.Tony glances over at the good Captain, who hasn’t looked Tony in the face since Tony woke up to the sight of him nearly crying and saying his name, an expression of unbelievable relief that Tony doesn’t think has ever been directed at him."Who the hell ‘re you," Tony had slurred, and the smile had dropped right off of Captain America’s face.It’s been a few hours since then, and Tony has had to digest a lot of information, and some of that information is that he isn’t going to get his memory back, probably ever. The guy who tells him this- Stephen Strange, they call him- is hovering slightly in the air as he says it, and Tony tries not to stare too much, because apparently this is par for the course for him now."Like ever, ever,” Tony tries, and Strange nods."Take it with a grain of salt," Arrow-dude says. Clint, or something. He’s sitting in the corner with his arms crossed. "We’ve done all sorts of impossible things before, this wouldn’t be the first.""Right," Tony says. "All sorts of impossible shit. After all, you found Cap, right?"Captain America flinches at that, and Tony looks over at him with raised eyebrows. "Steve," Rhodey says firmly. "You call him Steve.""Right," Tony says again. "Because we’re best buds."Steve doesn’t flinch at that, but he does take a breath that doesn’t sound too steady and he finally meets Tony’s eyes. “Yes,” he says, and his smile isn’t anything like it is in the posters. “We are. And I’m- we’re going to get your memories back, Tony.”"Captain," Strange says, and Captain America looks at him, face set in lines of pain. "I ask you to please not get your hopes up. There is nothing that suggests you will be able to retrieve-""Then we try our goddamn best," Captain America grits out, and Tony nearly recoils when Steve’s desperate gaze turns back to him. "We promise. I swear, Tony."Tony- doesn’t know how to take that, Captain America promising something to him like he’d cross oceans for Tony. He isn’t sure how to take that from anyone, but least of all from this guy. He’s nodding on default, uncomfortable, fiddling with his pockets- his fingers catch on a lump, and his hand closes around it. He comes out with a black box, velvet-covered, and almost everyone in the room has a reaction to that. Redhead closes her eyes like she’s in pain, metal-arm guy clenches both his fists and moves towards the Captain, Rhodey starts rubbing his forehead."Oh, fuck, come on," Arrow-dude mutters from the corner, looking at the ceiling. The words sound hard to get out.Tony looks towards Pepper, who has both hands over her mouth and a face like he just shot her in the foot."Apparently you left out the fact that I’m planning on proposing to someone," Tony chokes. Everyone in the room looks like they’ve just been told someone died.He tries for a smile, because he’s good at that, he’s good at faking it, but apparently the people who know him have expanded from being just the people who work for him. “So, who’s the lucky girl?”"I have to go," Captain America says, strangled, like he’s choking, and he gets out of his chair and actually wobbles. The guy on his right- Sam, Tony thinks- steadies him, but Captain America brushes him off and walks outside, catching his shoulder on the doorframe as he goes."Steve," Sam says, but metal-arm guy is faster, leaning in and saying something fast to Sam before following Captain America out the door.Tony watches them go, and the hand that isn’t holding the box at arms’ length reaches for the handy-dandy bit of tech that he’s been halfheartedly examining since he woke up. He taps at it, and Redhead says, “Tony, don’t,” in a sharp voice, but Tony ignores her. "If you guys won’t tell me who it is," he says, and a screen appears in front of him, showing the hallway Captain America and metal-arm guy just walked into. Tony means to follow them to wherever they’re going, to wherever the girl is that they can’t tell Tony about, but all Captain America does is stumble towards a room, a staff lounge, and fumbles at the door before jerking it open."Sorry," he says, sounding exhausted, sounding drunk, when he sees the people inside. "Sorry, I- wanted-""Steve," Metal-arm guy says behind him, and Tony has seen him somewhere but he can’t figure out where. The metal hand lands on Steve’s shoulder, squeezing, but Steve is almost violent in shoving it off. Steve closes the door on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
Memory Loss
but he gets it back
Don't worry

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

