Work Text:

Last night, at 10 pm local time, Wanda Maximoff was executed at a Sokovian prison. The former Avenger turned war criminal had been sentenced to death by a panel of judges under the terms of the Sokovia Accords in June. After 4 unsuccessful appeals, the sentence was finally carried out. A spokesperson for the Accords issued the following statement right after the sentence was decided due to the controversial nature of it:

“We at the UN do not take this sentence lightly. The UN’s stance has always been against such irrevocable measures. However, in Ms Maximoff’s case, we felt we had no choice. The nature of her powers and the danger she represents to the public are too great to ignore. We have already seen how destructive she can be. In this case, this is the only way we can ensure people’s safety.”

Authorities in Sokovia said, at the time, that they were satisfied with the result of the trial. Today, the government decreed a day of mourning for the victims of Maximoff’s crimes both in Sokovia and in the rest of the world.

The Nigerian and Ugandan governments also issued statements expressing relief that the former Hydra operative’s reign of terror had finally come to an end.

The New Avengers, who declined attending Ms Maximoff’s execution, have released no formal statement so far.
*****Tony turned off the news and sat back at his desk in the lab. He knew this was coming, of course – he’d even been asked to be there as a witness, which… yeah, no thanks – yet it was still… weird. He honestly didn’t know what to think or how to feel about it. He hadn’t when he’d heard the sentence months ago and he still didn’t. It was a relief to know that Wanda wouldn’t hurt anyone ever again, though – that she wouldn’t be coming after him or his family as she’d threatened multiple times during her trial. She got what she deserved as a result of actions she chose to take. And yet… he couldn’t help but feel a little sorry for the little girl who lost her parents at such a young age in such tragic circumstances. Perhaps if she’d had better support, better options, things could have turned out differently. Or perhaps there was simply something fundamentally wrong with her, and it wouldn’t have mattered either way. There was no way to know.After stepping back from the Avengers following Ultron’s defeat, Tony had had very little contact with Wanda. He hadn’t felt comfortable around her for a number of reasons, and she had never made any secret of the fact that she hated him. At the time, he hadn’t known about her mental manipulation of him, still under the mistaken belief that the vision he’d had in that bunker had been his PTSD acting up. If he had known right away, would it have made a difference? Would it have made him more wary of studying the scepter and using it for the Ultron program? The worst thing about it was not knowing how much of his actions then had been him and how much it had been her preying on his fears.She should never have been made an Avenger, and it was still hard for him to understand why the others had thought that was a good idea. Some people in the press had suggested that Rogers might have been trying to set a precedent for Barnes, introducing her as a reformed Hydra agent given a second chance to pave the way for his brainwashed friend. Tony wasn’t sure about that. It seemed far too cunning and long-term for Rogers, who had never given much indication that thinking ahead was a particular skill set of his. In fact, it was almost ridiculous how Rogers always seemed to be completely blindsided by the consequences of events he was involved in. It was like he had no idea of cause and effect on a larger scale.“Sir? Are you all right?” Jarvis asked, and Tony realized he had just been sitting there staring into space.“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine.”Dum-E rolled over and beeped inquisitively, pointing his arm in the direction of the coffeemaker.“Yeah, sure. I could do with some coffee,” he told the bot, who rushed off to prepare it right away.“Is there anything we can do, Boss?” Friday added.Tony smiled at his kids. “Yep. We all need to get back to work.”Maximoff was dead and Tony was… okay with that. Not happy about it, exactly, but he couldn’t really say he was unhappy either. It was not his doing, whatever she might have said. She’d had a trial and she had been found guilty by a panel of judges that had nothing to do with him. He was not responsible for her death in any way, and that was… a good thing. After spending so much time with the weight of the world on his shoulders, it was good to know that this was not on him. It was on her. And Rogers too, perhaps.It was also closure. Not just for him but for all the people she had hurt. A page turned and a book closed for good.“We’re moving on, kids,” he said. And he was. Finally.*****Steve sat in Dr Gibson’s office, hands twisting uselessly on his lap.“Mr Rogers?” the doctor prompted when the silence had stretched for too long.“I don’t know,” he finally s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
actions have consequences
Introspection
Please read warnings and summary

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

