Chapter 1: darling can’t you hear me
    




Chapter Text

“Tony!” Peter yells, from the doorway, where the fire hasn’t reached yet. “Tony, please!”

The carousel goes around again so Tony can’t see him. He holds onto his flamingo and coughs a little bit. The smoke is getting to him. “Peter, get the hell out of here!” he yells. “I don’t want you seeing this!” Why the hell did Peter have to follow him? 

“No, no!” Peter yells, panic in his voice. The flames get a little too close to him and Tony’s heart lurches. “No, Tony, this isn’t—listen, I know something’s happening to you, I know you need help—”

“Kid, you gotta—you gotta go!” He knows how it looks. Not exactly a sane move, burning down a carousel while you’re riding on it. He wonders if this will work. Fire is the exact opposite of ice. He’s stuck in ice. They’re stuck in ice. Maybe this will do it. Maybe tomorrow will be his last today. 

He coughs again, he can barely see. He feels a little lightheaded, and it’s getting a lot hotter in here. He’s afraid of how it’ll feel—he’s burned himself before, but nothing on this scale. The walls around him are starting to crumble, and the ceiling looks like it’s ready to cave.

“Tony, I’m not letting you die!” Peter yells. “I’m not, I’m not!”

Tony goes around the circle again and narrows his eyes when he sees the determination on Peter’s face. His heart dips—he can see what happens next, even though he hasn’t lived this version of events before. “No!” he yells. “Get out of here, it’ll be okay!”

“No!” Peter yells. 

Tony’s too high up on this fucking flamingo to jump down fast and put the kid’s mind at ease. But he tries, unhooks himself, but when he goes around again he sees Peter gritting his teeth, getting ready to run into the fire.

No. Goddamn no. That other idiot—fuck, that felt like dying, and Tony doesn’t even like him. But Peter—not Peter. Tony can’t see this. Titan was once, Titan was enough. Never, ever again.

“No, Peter!” Tony yells, still struggling to get down, get out without dying, with some horrific third degree burns, but when he tumbles down onto the aluminum floor of the carousel, the thing turns again to give him the perfect view of Peter, running into the fire.
~“Alright,” Tony says, picking the bright red envelope out of the pile of mail. “Pepper.”“What?” she calls, from somewhere down the hall. “I’m done with this,” he says, staring down at the envelope. Nederland. Again. Whoever the hell this is, they’re wasting a shit ton of paper, and they’ve definitely captured his attention.“What?” Pepper asks. “Everything? All of it? I didn’t think you gave up so easily.”“Nope,” he says, slicing open the envelope and finding the same damn letter inside that he’s gotten all the other times. “Nederland, Colorado.”“Really?” she asks. “Again?”“Number seventy five, baby,” Tony says, eyes scanning over the words. “And I think they finally got me.”Pepper walks around the corner, looking confused. She’s seven months pregnant and she’s been in the habit of only wearing sweats and his oversized jackets since about three months ago. He thinks she’s fucking adorable, and he gets distracted for a second before she cocks her head at him. “You’re really gonna go?” she asks. “I mean, I don’t care, it’s just surprising they bullied you into it.”He narrows his eyes. “They did not—you know I am not easily bullied, but this shit—I am—I am intrigued. Bright red envelopes, the same weird handwritten invitation every single day for seventy five days? An award for my dad? Now? Plus, we took a look at Nederland—”“Yeah, it looks like your nightmare,” Pepper says. “Frozen Dead Guy Day?”“Yeah, I should bring Steve with me,” Tony says, tapping the letter on his chin. “Anyways, we missed that by a couple months.”Pepper rolls her eyes. “So you’re really gonna go?”“Yeah,” Tony says. “Unless you don’t want me to.”“No, I don’t mind,” she says. “I just don’t want you to be annoyed if it’s…stupid. That’s why we vet these things.”He’s pretty sure about it, at this point. Seventy five letters is a nice round number, very over the top, and now he’s gotta know what the hell is going on. “There are never any dates on these things, so I’ll jet out there—”“You can just send a letter back and ask,” Pepper says, leaning on the wall. “Or, like, e-mail. It’s surprising they didn’t do that. Or call. Like normal people.”“Nah, that’s no fun,” Tony says.Pepper snorts, rolling her eyes. “I’ll be very in and out,” Tony says. “This whole town is like, as big as the compound itself, so I don’t think I’ll have any hangups.”“Well, invite Peter,” she says. “He’s been all bored and antsy, May doesn’t know what the hell to do with him.”Tony brightens. “Good idea. Maybe I’ll bring Rhodey and Happy too, if they’re free.”“Yes,” Pepper says. “Please take Happy, he’s just about lost his mind lately.”“Yeah, I’ve heard the rumors,” Tony says. “You sure you don’t care if I go? I don’t wanna come off like a deadbeat dad before the little lady actually arrives.”“P
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Justin Hammer & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Avengers Family
groundhog day trope

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Justin Hammer & Tony Stark

