Work Text:
Absolutely nobody was surprised when someone somewhere released a sex tape of Stark and some random guy in the late nineties. Even Pepper just rolled her eyes and ordered JARVIS to call in the usual legal team to look at getting it taken down and suing the right person. Steve was annoyed at having to see an accidental five seconds of Tony Stark having sex, but otherwise he had to admit, Tony’s reaction was pretty funny. Bruce and Clint both kept snickering at Tony every time he came walking past on the phone complaining about how ‘the camera totally adds ten pounds!... and takes away two inches’, and Steve kept his amusement hidden behind a disapproving glare, but that was mostly just because Clint and Bruce both looked so earnestly apologetic when they thought they were disappointing Steve. However, Steve was very surprised when, on the red carpet at a charity event for FDNY, he got asked about it. “What is your reaction to the recent revelation of a video of a homosexual encounter that involved Mr. Stark?” Steve’s eyebrows went up in surprise and he hesitated. Pepper started to intercede, but before she could speak as soon as she got to Steve’s side, he shrugged. “I never needed to see Tony naked?” he said with a sheepish grin. There were a few laughs, but one guy near the back spoke up.“What about the fact your fellow Avenger is a homosexual?” the reporter asked and Steve quirked an eyebrow.“Pretty sure his girlfriend is proof he’s not homosexual,” he said simply. “I think there’s a term for liking men and women,” he pointed out.The guy, who Steve still couldn’t see, spoke again. “But doesn’t it bother you? Back in your day, nobody tolerated that kinda garbage,” he said in a more pointed tone.Steve’s smile slipped and his jaw clenched. “Lemme tell you something, Buddy,” he said seriously. “Yeah, back in my day it wasn’t tolerated, and because of that I knew from the minute I figured it out, that I’d never get to tell my best friend that I loved him, and sure enough, he died without knowing that I’d been in love with him for a decade,” Steve snapped. “So let’s get something straight,” he said seriously. “Do I approve of my teammate’s exhibition and philandering? No, it’s entirely uncalled for, but these days he’s got a lady friend that put an end to that stuff.” He looked straight at the camera closest to him. “But do I approve of loving whoever the hell you want to? Yeah, and I’m damn glad if I had to wake up in the future, it was one where nobody has to hide like I did.”Steve knew he had overreacted, and he knew from the way Pepper wasn’t following him when he moved on that he probably had just started a media firestorm. He had a mild moment of panic as he vaguely wondered if it would get back to Bucky, wherever the ‘Winter Soldier’ had ran away to. But in the end he figured Bucky had worse problems than finding out his old best friend was sweet on him all those years they lived together in a ratty little apartment over seventy years ago.~“Here’s what I don’t get,” Bruce said, sitting on the couch beside Pepper. “How is it the biggest slut and then the virgin end up both being into dudes?” he asked rhetorically, earning glares from half the people in the room. Pepper elbowed him and he shot her a flat look. “Did you really just elbow me? Natasha is still afraid of making sudden movements around me and she could kill someone with her pinky nail, but you elbowed me?”Pepper scoffed. “Tony pokes you all the time, if you were going to snap, he’d be dead by now. She just has PTSD,” she defended and Tony grinned at her sarcasm.“I love it when you’re a dick to my friends, it reminds me why I kept you,” he said, fluttering his eyelashes from her other side.“Pretty sure I kept you,” she pointed out and Tony shrugged.Steve sighed, leaning back in the chair, head hanging as he stared up at the ceiling. “Why are you all so hung up on my love life?”Natasha shrugged. “At least now I know why you kept not calling those girls I told you to call,” she said and Steve raised his head far enough to glare at her. Steve gave her a stern look. “We are not talking about this. You’re worse than Sam and he tried to set me up with his cousin-““Oh wow, yeah, black chicks, I totally forgot that wouldn’t have been a thing back in your day,” Clint said, and Steve sighed dramatically.“Still not talking about my love life!” He glared at Tony before he could protest.After a few moments of silence, Tony suddenly burst into giggles. “Oh God, I wonder if Thor’s ever gone ‘adventuring’ like I used to,” he said, and Bruce grinned suddenly, clearly fighting laughter. Pepper shook her head in longsuffering disappointment in her boyfriend and friend. Natasha looked curious and Clint looked vaguely freaked out by the notion.Steve hummed, then stood up. “Yep, that’s my limit. I’m going to bed,” he said, shaking his head as he left the room with a wave over his shoulder at the others.~Steve regretted agreeing to do the press conference ab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Recovered Memories
Recovery
Canon-Typical Violence
Sexual Content
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Psychological Trauma
Angst
Some Humor
Love Confessions
Romance
Bisexual Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

