Chapter 1: Newfound knowledge
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
   The first time Tony meets the boy, he's instantly enamoured. How could he not be, when Peter's the living embodiment of sin-- looking like his dirtiest fantasies came to life, to grab him by the hand and tug him down the fiery path to hell? Tony would eagerly follow that lithe- undeniable of a child- body, all pale gangly limbs under ripped jeans and hoodies, chocolate-warm hair mussed artfully to fall over glassy syrup eyes; and the coy little minx knows it.  "F-fuck, that's a good boy, that's an angel," Tony growls, hips snapping forward erratically, thighs quivering with the exertion of not moving, not slamming brutally into that velvet wet heat tight around his cock. Peter kneels between his legs with his hands clasped on his lap as though to fucking pray-- little chest trembling with choked breaths, mouth stuffed full of Tony's dick. The boy's drooling all over, pink lips stretched thin over the thick girth of him; spit dribbling down his chin alongside tears. Tony swipes a thumb through a salty track and sticks it into his mouth, humming appreciatively. Peter gurgles around his cock and sinks a microcentimeter lower, stuttering breaths fanning across the thatch of dark curls between Tony's legs; his throat spasming around the wide length of cock shoved in it and sending a dark shudder up the older man's spine. "Look at me," he hisses, and wide brown eyes immediately focus on him, glazed pupils blown so wide, dark lashes fluttering so coy; Tony comes with a shout and a snap of his hips, driving Peter backwards and sending him sprawling onto his back. White-sticky cum spills out of his mouth down his chest.  "Watch it," Peter yelps, gasping and hacking up globs of saliva and pre-come onto the floor, choking so hard for a second Tony fears he's about to throw up. But he recovers fairly quickly, breaths sharp as swollen red eyes peer up, still wet with tears. "Oh fuck, that was so hot Mr Stark." Peter had stopped calling him that a long time ago as a form of formal respect, after his insistence; the both of them find that they still enjoy the title immensely in bed, though. Wrapping a hand around Peter's arm, he attempts to tug him up onto the couch-- the boy unprepared for the sudden movement, knees sore and legs wobbly from his extended kneeling position on the floor. He stumbles a little, crashing into the low coffee table and sending a box and its contents flying everywhere.  Breaths still falling short, Peter hauls himself up beside Tony, collapsing into the cushions as the man bends down to pick up the mess. "Shit," he rasps out, voice hoarse and absolutely wrecked. It makes Tony grin, expertly tapping the lopsided photographs into a neat stack in his lap. "That good, huh?"  "Oh shut up," Peter huffs. "Give it here."  "What are these, anyways?" Tony asks, genuinely interested as Peter grabs the papers from his hands. The boy seems to have sobered up, flipping through them.  "Pictures. Of my parents. May just dug them out from the attic," Peter mutters, then smiles a little as he holds up a photograph. "Look."  It's small, and Tony clutches it, bringing it closer so he can see: there's a man and a woman huddled together, dressed in long dark coats and smiling into the camera. They're in a park, and it's a nice picture, really; but something's off about it, somehow, and Tony can't place his finger on it. It's weird, and he squints down at it, furrowing his brows.  "What is it?"  "I don't know.... something just seems. Familiar."  "Could it be the background? The park?" Tony feels the teen scoot closer, breaths fanning over his shoulder. "Have you been there?"  "No..." Trailing off, Tony runs a finger tentatively across the two small faces, the hard lines of the man's face, the woman's flowing hair; their joined hands.  He freezes.  Shit.  Oh, shit. Oh fuck no. Nononono.  This can't be.  Fuck.  "What is it?" Peter repeats, and Tony feels the couch dip beneath him, as though the floor's about to fall under it.  Fuck.  Swallowing the blind panic, Tony turns to face the boy. Takes in his debauched appearance, still-flushed cheeks. White stripes of cum clinging to the bridge of his nose; lips swollen and shiny with spit, so fucking red from how hard Tony had fucked it just barely five minutes ago.  Oh, hell.     Peter is, God save him, only fourteen when Tony first set eyes on him; at a school tour of Stark Industries, clutching a book file to his chest and gazing about the Tower with a bright sparkling gaze. He chatted in a loud and clear voice, pitched adorably high, about conservative reversible technology and how it powered most of the equipment here. How fascinating, this brilliant little boy; so very intelligent yet at the same time, undeniably naiive. Tony continued watching as the child skipped over to a particular exhibit, pressing his small palms up to the glass with a won
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
I'm Going to Hell
You Have Been Warned
Age Difference
Parent/Child Incest
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Has Issues
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
Father/Son Incest
What Have I Done
Smut
Consensual Underage Sex
Blow Jobs
Older Man/Younger Man
Established Relationship
Butt Plugs
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

