Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The asset had to complete its mission. Despite the confusion, despite the name the target had repeated, despite a hesitation it had never experienced before, the mission was what mattered. The asset would complete its mission because the mission was everything. The asset could no more choose to disobey its orders than it could choose to stop breathing. There had been a moment when the asset had considered disobeying, considered killing the target to quiet the voice that said such confusing things. Even more alarmingly, it had considered stopping, letting the target escape. There was a malfunction. The asset would be wiped and the malfunction would be gone. The target would be dealt with. Then this would be over. The asset wanted it to be over. For the first time, the asset wanted something other than the comfort of obedience. It wanted the confusion to stop. So it pulled the target out of water when the airship burned above them. The target was still breathing. The mission was still salvageable. The asset hauled the target up over his shoulders and started walking. There was chaos all around, people running and screaming, fighting and fires, rubble falling from the sky. No one noticed the asset steal a car and place the target in the trunk. No one tracked its progress through the streets. The asset changed cars twice, each time checking that the target hadn't regained consciousness. He was still breathing, blood still flowing from the injuries sustained in the fight. He didn't seem to be waking up and the asset felt something it didn't know how to feel. Concern? It was concerned the target might die and the mission might fail. That was all. It pushed the concern aside and made it to the safehouse, hidden beneath a former bank, carrying the target down the steps and through the door into what had once been a safe. The bars and secure doors that had once sealed away money now served to seal away the equipment that kept the asset free of malfunctions. Inside this former bank vault was the chair, ready for the target, to change the target into a new asset. The asset placed the target in the chair and began systematically fastening the straps to secure the target in place, metal cuffs locking around limbs and torsos. The target required stronger restraints than the asset did. This chair had been reinforced especially for this mission. The target would not be able to escape while the scientists worked. As he closed the last restraint, locking the target's legs below the knees, the asset felt again the doubt he'd felt during the fight, the feeling that he should just let the target go, but it pushed the thought aside. The mission was to bring the target here. The mission was complete. The asset stood back and waited for orders, ready to comply. No orders came. No people came. No scientists to begin the process, no handlers to take the asset back to its own chair and repair the broken thoughts in its head. No soldiers. No orders. The asset wanted orders. Orders clarified things. Orders made the confusion stop. The asset waited. The soldiers would come. There would be orders again. It could be patient. The asset had no wants or needs except what it was told. It would wait for orders. ***The target shifted slightly, face changing into a grimace of pain beneath the layer of blood and grime. He tried to move and found himself trapped by the restraints the asset had locked into place. His eyes opened, wide and afraid, and found the asset standing by the wall, still waiting for orders, ready to comply. "Buck," the target said, voice hoarse and rough. A moment later the voice became a cough, the target's body jerking involuntarily against the the restraints. The target's face showed pain once again. "Bucky," the target said, when the coughing was done. "You know me. You don't have to do this." The asset had to do this. This was the mission. The asset had to complete the mission. That was the protocol. The asset followed orders and completed missions. There was nothing else. Except there were no more orders, no protocols. The mission was complete and it hadn't been given a new one. No one had told it what to do when there were no soldiers and no orders. It didn't have a protocol for this. "Please, Bucky, you have to remember. You are James Buchanan Barnes. You're my friend." The asset didn't have friends. The asset had protocols. It didn't have a protocol for this. It had been ordered to retrieve the target and prepare him for processing in the chair. It didn't have orders for what happened next. Except... something made its way through the asset's mind, another protocol. Protocols were different from orders, unspecific, general instructions for action that were not linked to a specific mission. The protocol gave the asset its instruction now. When that face was covered in blood and showing pain, there was a protocol for that, buried somewhere in the back of the asset's mind. It turned away from 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Winter Soldier POV
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
But Mostly Hurt
Angst
Dehumanization
Brainwashing
Panic Attacks
considerations of the ethical ramifications of fruit pots
the asset watches porn
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

