Chapter 1: Little Prayers
    




Chapter Text
The small teenager looked to the ceiling and said a silent prayer. Tony had never been this nervous in his life. Here, sitting in this little office while his father paced back and forth in front him with a scowl on his face. He had turned sixteen today and, like all sixteen year olds, had just finished taking the exam that would inform him of his classification. He looked up once more and was about to call upon God again when he felt a sharp tug on his hair. With a whimper, Tony felt himself being pulled up a little from his seat. Howard only tightened his grip at the sound and growled, “Stop your Goddamn fidgeting, boy.”Tony could feel specks of saliva hit his face and smelled his father’s morning whiskey on his breath. “You are going to be a neutral and you know it so stop this Goddamn nervousness.”“Stark men are made of iron.” He gritted out with one last shake of his son’s head before finally letting go and resuming his pacing. Tony knew there was little to no chance of him testing as a neutral and he knew that his father knew it too. Tony had all the early onset signs of being a Little. He was short, clocking in at about 5’1, with very little chance of growing any taller. He had been wetting the bed, as well as having daytime accidents since he was out of his childhood diapers. Tony had lots of other signs too. His voice was higher than the average sixteen year old. He was quick to dissolve into tears. He bruised easily, had a hard time thoroughly chewing solid foods, and was always just a little too interested in the toys and other items marketed for children and Littles. Not to mention that Tony had felt himself slipping into headspace hundreds of times since he had entered his teens. At his current age it was easy to come out of and push away but Tony knew that the older he got the more he wouldn’t be able to control it anymore. Even knowing all this, Tony Stark still bent his head forward and prayed. Prayed that the doctor would come out of those doors and say that he was a neutral. That all of his symptoms were just oddities. Then Howard would let him go back to MIT. Then Howard would let him take over Stark Industries. Then Howard would let him continue to be his son. Because Stark men were made of iron. They certainly weren’t babies that needed to be coddled for their entire lives. No matter how intelligent and good at engineering Tony was, if he was classified as a Little, he would no longer be considered a Stark.  He would be just another castoff like everything else in Howard's life that didn’t meet his standards. Tony jumped a Little when he heard a small knock on the door. Doctor Bennett peaked his head back in with a smile before fully entering the office and moving to sit in front of the computer. He had a blue folder in his hands and Tony had a pretty good idea what was in it. The Doctor smiled at the two Stark men with the kind of obliviousness that someone who is just trying to get through their workday would have. “Well Gentlemen, I have the results of the exam right here as well as some brochures to help young Tony fully understand his new classification.”Tony felt the blood drain from his face and his heart stop beating. The doctor didn’t even need to say the result for Tony to know that he had tested as a Little. His tone and the need for brochures said it all. Howard also did not need actual confirmation as he let out a furious sigh and began rifling through his briefcase. He pulled out two sets of stapled together pages and slammed one on the table in front of the doctor. “This is an additional NDA you need to sign.” The businessman said through gritted teeth. Doctor Bennett looked a little startled but quickly signed his sloppy signature on the line that Howard was pointing at. Howard took back the papers and shoved them into his bag before throwing the second set to the doctor. “These are the forms saying my wife and I relinquish custody of the boy and disinherit him.” Doctor Bennett glanced down at the papers stunned.“I will be filing additional ones at the courthouse as soon as I leave here. The boy is no longer allowed to go by the last name “Stark” and is to have no contact with me or any of my associates from this point on. I trust this hospital knows what to do in these cases.” With that Howard Stark turned around and left the office, slamming the door shut behind him. Tony watched the door for a few seconds. Trying to crush down the hope that his father would come back. That he would reconsider… But Howard was long gone and Tony quickly turned to look at his lap. He didn’t want to see the doctors face. To see the pitying look he was most likely sporting. He clenched his fists in an effort not to cry. Stark men didn’t cry.Stark men were made of iron. Tony gasped with a sudden realization. He wasn’t a Stark anymore. The sixteen year old Little threw his head back, screwed his eyes shut, and wailed his pain for the whole world
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Child Abandonment
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Rape/Non-con Elements
Hurt/Comfort
Team as Family
Little!Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Diapers
Littles Are Known
Daddy Steve
Papa Bucky(eventually)
Bad Spelling & Grammar
Infantilism
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Trust Issues
Not Iron Man 1 Compliant
Iron Man Doesn't exist
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

