Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They met at a bad time for Darcy.  She had finished up her internship with Jane (finally official after the clusterfuck that was London) and she had packed up and finished her degree at Culver.  The problem was that she then graduated with a ton of debt, NDA’s about the only interesting things in her life, and a degree in political science.  All of which wasn’t particularly helpful in a post-recession economy where only the best and the brightest made it into the political science field with an actual paying job. 
Darcy knew she was bright and she knew that people liked her, but it didn’t change the fact that she didn’t have quite what anyone was looking for.  After all, working for free on various political campaigns might be good experience but it didn’t exactly pay to keep a person in poptarts and coffee.
What she did have was the, aforementioned, mountain of debt, a good knowledge of computers (and some friends from a misspent youth), a shitty apartment in a corner of Washington, DC that she didn’t like having to walk to late in the night or early in the morning (or ever, really), and a job at Starbucks near the Capitol. 
But DC was expensive and even her long hours making coffee for uptight people in suits couldn’t quite cover her rent, school loan payments, health care, food and the occasional treat to literally anything else. 
In other words, she desperately needed a new job, or at least a side job.  Something with weird hours that she could fit in between shifts.  She looked into tutoring, all that took was a few meetings with college students at GWU and American University to realize that wouldn’t be her cup of tea.  It wasn’t that there was an issue with the students, they seemed decent and smart.  But so many of them had the life she had always dreamed of with two parents that loved each other and helped pay for their kids college education. 
It wasn’t even that she was bitter.  Mostly a form of nostalgia that hurt her deep in her chest.  It wasn’t worth the measly money they would pay her to hold onto that feeling of sadness.
Most of the other jobs she had considered had the same problem.  They wanted more time than she could afford to take.  With all the hours she was putting in at the Starbucks she was sure they were going to make her a manager and she didn’t want to risk missing out on that for another low paying job.
However, she did find a service that would provide arm candy for men who needed dates.  It was made clear on the website that sex was off the table (which Darcy took with a “wink wink” meaning that if the ‘arm-candy’ was willing they could work it out with their date, technically keeping it legal).  All it took was one look at her bank account and her upcoming schedule and Darcy signed the fuck up.
 
Her ‘persona’ had been up on the website for a matter of weeks before her first hit.  Honestly, she had almost forgotten she had signed up for the website in the first place.  After a number of double shifts and her sad attempts at cooking on a budget, she didn’t have the time to dwell on her apparent unwanted status. 
She wasn’t tiny.  She had curves aplenty and a stomach that couldn’t be considered flat.  With her form, she had realized how to dress herself when she wanted attention, and how to dress herself when she didn’t.  To be fair, most of the time she didn’t want the attention and was happy to dress in her slouchy but comfortable sweater dresses and plaid (anything to hide the girls).  Luckily she had a few pictures from college: a few from normal nights going out and one from the night where she and Jane had decided to dress up for stargazing.  That picture was her favorite.  She hadn’t even realized that Erik was taking it.  If you looked from the right angle she almost looked like a pinup girl from the 40’s.  The black dress was tighter up top than she normally went for, but was cheap enough in the secondhand shop that she couldn’t say no, and something about the red belt and polka dots just screamed out at her.  Plus, the way the stars shone on her face while she leaned back on an extended arm?  At time Darcy almost didn’t recognize herself in it.
But she wasn’t what was in; a quick browse through the website showed that the vast majority of the ‘girlfriends’ were basically models.  All of them had perfect hair and a body fact percentage that would make the vast majority of the population’s eyes pop out of their heads.  They were gorgeous.  And if a guy was gonna shell out decent money to get a girl on his arm, most guys would probably go for that.
All of which is why at the point where Darcy got an email saying “Girlfriend, You’ve Been Booked!!!” she almost deleted it without opening it.  Clearly it was spam. 
At the last moment she opened the email to see a quick message.  “Normally I would want to meet you first but I have a friend that’s throwing a gala really last minute and desperately need someone so that my friends will finally stop tr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers friendship - Relationship
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
hints of Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
poor college student
Kidnapping
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Complicated Relationships
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hacker Darcy Lewis
Explicit Language
Team Bonding
Team as Family
Bucky Barnes Recovering
One Night Stands
kickboxing requires too many burpees
Self-Pity
Assault
Canon-Typical Violence
Derogatory Language
Self-Esteem Issues
References to Sex Work

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers friendship - Relationship
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
hints of Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

