Chapter 1: Tony stark
    




Chapter Text
Peter leaned back in one of Tony’s lab chairs, “Mr.Stark, if I said it once i'll say it again” he spoke as he dramatically threw his hands in the air, “ the fifth generation of pokemon is just as valid as the rest of them.” Peter clicked his pen as he talked, doing large gestures with it in the air, “Ned has no idea what he's talking about, he's a fool and a coward.” Tony hummed from where he was sitting a few feet away from him, messing around with one of his gauntlets “i know so much about what youre talking about,” He grinned as he continued to work on the gauntlet, “Like all those words you just said made so much sense to me, I understood... so much.” He put a large amount of emphasis on his last words, smirking. Peter ignored him, pulling up his phone and snapping a picture as he talked “His defense is that the designs are awful and I have no taste, but honestly I think he's still just salty i didn't agree with him about Litten being the best alolan starter.” That got Tony to look up from the gauntlet again, “Oh, that's the one you made me watch on netflix isn’t it, with the big dog guy?” Tony lightly tapped the table with his hand, “Under the bridge”  “Yes!” Peter clapped his hands together, still holding his phone, “that episode is art! He thinks the fire kitten dude is cuter than the pudgy little owl, which is blasphemy, if you ask me” Peter tapped the phone, taking another picture while he waited for Tony to respond.“I liked the little kitten guy, tell Ed he's right” Tony pointed his screwdriver at him as he talked, and Peter took another picture. “He’s valid” Tony added, “if I didn’t use that one right, that’s how the slang is used now” “I cant believe ive been betrayed by The Iron Man, my very own mentor.” Peter joked, refocusing his camera before taking another picture. The lighting worked really well with the shine coming off the gauntlet, and the composition was nice. Quality picture of a quality Tony. “Hes cute, Peter.” Tony deadpanned and then laughed, “Are you taking pictures of me right now?” He mocked an accused tone, placing his hand over his chest. “I can't even escape paparazzi in my own home.” Tony moved to stand up from the lab bench. “No- im sorry!” Peter fumbled, shutting off his phone “Sorry- i’ll delete them,” Tony froze for a second, “No- no?” He spit out before regaining his suave tone,”Of course not, you're fine.” He reassured as he waved his hand dismissively,  “Come on then, can i see them?” He did a grabby motion with his hand. “Uh… sure?” Peter mumbled, Sliding the phone towards Tony over the lab table. Tony immediately handed it back, “Gonna need you to type in the password, kid” “Oh, yeah” Peter quickly unlocked his phone and handed it back to his mentor.Tony took it after a second and swiped through the photos, stopping to favorite a few of them with a slight smile on the edges of his lips, “These are great, kid.” his voice was laced with fondness as he handed Peter back his phone, “That's better than what the trained photographers can catch most’ the time.” “You think so?” Peter questioned, running a hand through his hair. Tony hummed, lost in thought for a moment before grinning, “I'm gonna need you to send me the ones i favorited, and you know?” He snapped his finger, “you'd be able to take way higher quality pictures with the new Stark Phone”Peter laughed, “Mr.Stark, those are like a thousand bucks” he and Aunt May could barely afford the used iphone he already had.Tony shrugged, “No problem, i'll make sure one gets to you” Tony tapped his hand against the lab table, “even better, i'll get one of the new ones im making for you to test out, two birds with one stone-” He hummed as he picked back up his screwdriver. “You don’t have to-” Peter cut in. “- yeah, you'll love it.” Tony continued, “Its got the best camera on any phone, and is virtually indestructible,” He motioned to Peters cracked and tattered phone, “Which clearly you need, Jesus kid, do you take that Slinging with you?”“It's only the Screen protector thats cracked.” Peter defended himself, not even trying to pretend he doesn't bring his phone while out Spider-Manning. “So you need a screen protector protector to protect your screen protector” Tony chuckled “I should invent that.” He deadpanned before speaking again. “Oh and, if i use those photos for anything i'll make sure to credit you, do you publish your photography anywhere? Like a website or something?” Tony asked, “A facebook page?” “I guess I post things on my twitter?” Peter hummed, he had been afraid to post pictures of Tony, but if he didn’t care? Why not. “Oh cool, make sure you tag me in anything, i'll make sure my people retweet it”  Tony said, tapping his knuckles restlessly against the table, distracted from his work.“Your people?” Peter smiled, “I didn't know you had pr people to run your twitter?” Tony shrugged, “I haven't been allowed to control my own social media since Pepper forbid it” “What
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & The Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
More tags to be added - Relationship
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Clint Barton
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm

freeform: 
the internet - Freeform
Social Media
press
Photography
peter has a twitter guys
Civilians
Parent-Child Relationship
Iron Dad
Avengers as family
Infinity war is not addressed but neither is civil war lmao
Mad levels of fluff
spider son
Artist Steve Rogers
Supportive Avengers
Protective Avengers
Avengers prank war
fantastic four added to the mcu because i love them
Each chapter is stand alone

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & The Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
More tags to be added - Relationship
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Clint Barton
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm

