Work Text:
Bucky’s freshly off his shift and rifling through completed paperwork when Natasha turns up at the nurses station and says, “Come on.”Her hair makes her look like Draco Malfoy’s evil cousin, or maybe Lady Gaga; Bucky can’t decide which would be less terrifying. He’s pretty sure that her eyebrows are bleached. It’s not a very good look on her, but Bucky knows that what Natasha does with her looks or her time is none of his damn business, and he really doesn’t have a fucking death wish.Bucky raises his eyebrows at her and says pointedly, “Hi, Nat, nice to see you too.”“We have a situation,” Natasha says brusquely, and something hard and terrified clenches suddenly in Bucky’s stomach, despite knowing rationally that with Natasha, ‘a situation’ can mean anything from ‘I woke up with a craving for bubble tea’ to ‘Steve has ebola’. “Grab your stuff, the car’s out front.”Bucky does as he’s told and speeds to the locker room to grab his backpack, barely remembering to change out of his orthopedic work sandals. He doesn’t wonder about Natasha’s timing: JARVIS has had his work schedules programmed in everybody’s calendars ever since Tony flew in to ER to fetch Bucky and had to be escorted out with some very firm words about how Bucky was  working  and therefore couldn’t attend the biannual frisbee golf tournament.Emergencies are emergencies, and Bucky takes his work seriously. It’s taken him some time to bang into his coworkers’ heads that being married to Captain goddamn America doesn’t mean that he’s suddenly thinking only about liberty or A-grade American Beef instead of his patients. Having Avengers barge in in the middle of his shift, trying to pull him away on miscellaneous more or less Steve-related shit, is fucking poison to his career.Natasha’s already waiting by the main doors when Bucky emerges, still in his scrubs, his sneakers squeaking obnoxiously against the linoleum floor. She’s dressed in denim overalls and a hot pink sports bra, and there’s a 90s style plastic choker around her neck. Sometimes he wonders if she picks her outfits just to rile him up.Her shoes, suspiciously, don’t squeak. When Bucky glances down, it turns out that she’s wearing a pair of Hello Kitty UGGs.At least they match the bra. Bucky still wants to set them on fire.Natasha’s parked right in front of the doors, and Bucky suppresses an eye roll and a knee-jerk lecture about how actually ill people need the drop off spot. But one can get very far with a car fancy enough and a fuck-this-shit-o’clock attitude, both of which Natasha has, and even the security is too busy ogling the car to yell at her.“Thanks for keeping an eye on it, boys,” Natasha says, blowing a kiss to the closest security guy, and puts on a pair of pink John Lennon sunglasses even though it’s two o’clock in the morning. Weirdly enough, the glasses tip the scale just a little closer to Malfoy than Lady Gaga.“Okay,” Bucky says once they get in the car. He pulls off the band keeping his hairdo together and starts braiding just to get something to do with his hands. “What’s up? Other than your 90s fashion Instagram account likes, they must be through the roof with this outfit.”“We ran into some unexpected obstacles in Atlanta,” Natasha says as she throws the car in gear and zooms out of the hospital yard like she’s being chased by the ghost of Alan Rickman who wants to take house points from her. “Mainly, Thor’s asshole brother.”Bucky stiffens, his hands stopping mid-braid. Natasha glances at him and the way his fingers are clenched around his hair, and she reaches over and squeezes his knee reassuringly. “Steve’s physically fine, don’t worry.”“Physically?” Bucky asks, because after a little over a year and a half he’s gotten very well-versed in Superhero Dialect, where ‘he’s fine’ usually just means ‘he’s not dead’. He’s also heard all kinds of fucked up things about Thor’s brother, who brought  aliens  to New York six years ago.“Well, he’s got a black eye and a head wound, but they’re probably already healing,” Natasha says and takes some very illegal shortcuts. Luckily it’s very late so the traffic is marginally less awful than it normally would be.“But?” Steve clearly isn’t actually dying, because if that were the case, Tony would’ve probably sent a helicopter to pick Bucky up instead of the painstaking drive back to the Tower.“Loki zapped him with something. He’s got amnesia symptoms.”Bucky grits his teeth. He hates that it’s so hard trying to get a full answer out of Natasha; he hates that their friends are so socially awkward due to their traumatic backgrounds and spy shit; and most of all he hates that his hair tie snaps in half when he tries to finish the braid. His hair is what he fusses with when he’s agitated, and now he can’t even do that. “Meaning?”“He’s having some trouble remembering that he’s married, or that he’s married to  you,”  Natasha says, and there is something slightly apologetic in her tone, like she’s suddenly realized that it’s th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky Barnes
Temporary Amnesia
Angst and Humor
Fluff and Humor
Happy Ending
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Mild Sexual Content
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Swearing
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Shrunkyclunks
Nurse Bucky Barnes
Sass
Humor
Established Relationship
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

