Chapter 1: Sea
    




Chapter Text
“Mr Stark, that’s awesome. Thank you, I—thank you.”Tony watches Peter walk away—practically skip away with triumph. His thick brown hair is matted with sweat that trails down the nape of his neck, and his pants flap about his knees because he keeps wearing clothes that are too large on him. Eventually he disappears around the corner towards the gym showers, and Tony reluctantly feels a fond smile tug at his mouth.He keeps rejecting Peter’s gratitude, but the kid keeps stubbornly flinging it at him regardless; as if Tony invented the moon before single-handedly hanging it up in the sky.“Tony.”A familiar voice makes him turn to look over his shoulder at Steve. It seems as though they are the last two trainees left in this corner of the enclosure; Happy is clearing up the rink out of earshot on the other side of the room, and everyone else is gone.“What’s up, Rogers?”Steve’s blue eyes flicker meaningfully to the door Peter just walked out of. His expression is amused, and just a touch pitying.  “Be nice.”Tony frowns in confusion. “I’m sorry, what just happened? Wasn’t that me, being nice?” He scratches at the sweat building up around the insertion points of the arc reactor. Something like unease stirs in his gut. “I’m confused.”Steve lifts an eyebrow, with a look that implies they are both in on it and he doesn’t believe Tony is confused about anything. “You’re not helping him.”“Not…?” The unease crystallizes into a shard of real hurt at that choice of words. Tony tries to sound unaffected: “I thought I’d been helping him for the past three years. I thought the conversation we just had was all about me helping him. Helping him move his stuff, specifically.”“You know what I mean.”“I don’t, actually.” Okay, this is getting annoying. “So why don’t you go ahead and tell me.”Steve tilts his head at a patient angle. He’s still smiling faintly, like this is funny.“Well… I think you’re killing him with all that kindness. And I think it’s only going to get worse now that he’s moving into the compound. Hence; be nice to the kid. Tone it down a little.”He shrugs and starts to walk away, as though that wasn’t a really fucked up thing to say. Tony just finished getting punched by one of his friends, but he was wearing padding for the first round.“You’re laying this on me?” he calls to Steve’s back. “Seriously?”“Of course not. And I’m not saying it’s fair, either, but…” Steve bends down to pick up two of his boxing bags in a single sweeping move. Super-strong bastard. “He’s never going to get over it otherwise.” He keeps walking.Happy looks up from the distant rink, frowning in confusion at the phrase without context.An unwelcome churn of tar-like guilt is rising in the pit of Tony’s stomach, souring everything he just said to Peter, blackening the memory of Peter’s grateful smile until all Tony sees is teeth. You’re killing him with all that kindness. What is he supposed to do, exactly? Start being rude to the kid? Push him away?A knee-jerk ‘no’ stops the panic attack before it can start. The black recedes from his mind. No; Peter relies on him for mentorship, for advice, even for friendship—it would be cruel to suddenly give him a cold shoulder for no apparent reason.Steve is well-intentioned, but wrong.“Tony? You guys done here?” Happy calls, on his way out.“Yeah. Yeah, we’re done.”And anyway it is not his fault that the kid is in love with him.*Tony tries not to think about it too much.He noticed the burgeoning crush right away during their first meeting, and couldn’t help taking stock of Peter’s reactions to his presence in subsequent encounters. It made him uncomfortable, obviously, because Peter was (and still is) a teenager—but it was also less than a huge surprise. A lot of pretty young things develop a brief starry-eyed crush on Tony Stark after meeting him in person; that’s just how life has been for him for decades. It usually lasts a few weeks until the full spectrum of Tony’s fucked up and unhealthy life choices hits, and then it fades into admiration of the more distant, platonic kind.Given that precedent, Tony had figured that Peter having a crush on him was a little bit wrong, and a little bit cringe-inducing, but hardly a matter to bring to the courts. Tony had expected it to pass, so he hadn’t actively done anything about it back when Peter was fifteen.It... didn’t pass.Months went by and became years and, well—Tony couldn’t help the occasional notice of Peter’s continued devotion. Peter turned sixteen, and blushed harder than ever at Tony’s accidental double-entendres, or if he watched him put on the Iron Man suit (Peter really likes the suit). Peter turned seventeen, and stuttered his way through asking Tony how his date went, and whether Tony had always liked men or it was a n-new d-development.Peter recently turned eighteen, and he’s gotten better at hiding the more obvious signs but still shuffles uncomfortably if Tony brushes up against him, or works out across fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter is 18
Age Difference
Power Imbalance
Pining
Jealousy
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
author has already arranged a ride to church trust me
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

