Chapter 1: timeline: shipping out (24)
    




Chapter Text
Bucky takes the stairs two at a time, reaching into his pocket for his set of keys.  The door's unlocked though, which--thank god--meant that Steve was in.He slips out of his shoes and drops his cufflinks into a shotglass that he'd left here.  He loosens his tie and stretches out on the couch, putting his feet up on the coffee table.  Steve's left a couple mockups on the couch, five variations of the same typography scattered about on the couch.  He's also left his moleskine face down on a ring of dried coffee and Bucky picks it up."Hey," Steve says, stepping into the living room as he runs a towel over his wet hair.  "I thought you'd be stuck at the gala all night.""Lord save me from minor nobility telling me all about their eligible daughters," Bucky says, shifting his feet so that Steve can sit on the couch, "Like I don't have enough on my plate."  He deposits his ankles in Steve's lap and gets a towel thrown at his face for the trouble."Steve," Bucky wheedles, "Come out with me tonight."The smile on Steve's face fades slightly and he plucks his sketchbook from Bucky's fingers.  "Come on Buck, you know that's not my scene.""I'm shipping out in two days," Bucky argues, "Come on Steve.""I just took a shower," Steve says, looking over at Bucky.  Bucky pulls his best frown.Steve sighs.  "Did you lose your tail then?""Halley doesn't care," Bucky says, grinning.  "Wear the blue shirt."

_____
True to form, Halley tags them at a half a block's distance (not that Bucky could ever shake them, what with the GPS in his phone and his watch and probably all the ones they don't tell him about).  Bucky skips the line with Steve in tow and the bouncer smiles at him as he opens the door.  He's got a shot of Patron in his hand before he moves more than five steps and a pretty waitress telling him right this way, your highness.The people he clubs with are all cut from the same gilded cloth: rich, spoiled, and incredibly bored.  Cherie slides over onto Jackson's lap as Bucky approaches and Bucky feels Steve hesitate.  He tugs Steve's wrist and pulls him into the booth so that they're sitting next to each other, legs touching in the limited space."Have a drink," Bucky says, waving over a waitress, "Loosen up a little.  You deserve it."Steve bends his head close. "You ever have a hard time believing this?"Bucky slides his eyes from the waitress back towards Steve.  He smirks a little.  "Every damn day."

_____
Here's the thing: Bucky spent the first eight years of his life as a nobody in some Brooklyn orphanage with nothing to his name except this scrawny little kid who kept stumbling into fights he had no chance of winning.  That was Before.Bucky sometimes imagined what it would have been like if they'd never tracked him down, if the queen hadn't come down with ovarian cancer and still had time to conceive.  Still stuck in Brooklyn, no doubt, living a life so different that he couldn't even start to fathom.  Maybe he'd have dropped out of high school, maybe he'd follow Steve to whatever city of whatever prestigious school the nerd got himself into and studied auto mechanics at the local trade school.  He'd given up the dream of being adopted the moment he realized that no one wanted to adopt an older boy, much less two of them.It's hard to imagine what life would have been like if his mother never gave him up.  In that lifetime, he would have never met Steve.

_____
Cherie jerks her head over at the bar.  "Someone's got their eye on your boy."Bucky lifts his head.  The beautiful blonde who's been whispering dirty things in his ear for the last five minutes takes the opportunity to kiss his neck, tongue striping down the tendon.  Bucky's only half paying attention, even as she slides the palm of her hand down his thigh.Steve's smiling at some boy who's gesturing with his hands.  There's a hand untucking Bucky's shirt from his dress pants, fingers sliding underneath.  Bucky doesn't stop examining the stranger talking to Steve.  He's a little on the short side and keeps pushing his glasses up his face like a nervous tic.  The hand slides into his pants, smoothing over the silk of his boxers."You want me to distract the guy?"The hair tickling the side of his neck disappears and Bucky's glad for the secluded VIP booth because he's being pulled out out of his boxers.  Bucky looks at Steve, and wets his lips."No," Bucky says, head tilting back as his hips shift.  Steve laughs at something that guy says--Bucky doesn't have to hear it to recognize the shift from smile to grin even at this distance.  The guy leans forward, his hand on Steve's arm as he speaks.  Bucky licks the back of his own teeth, swallowing hard.Steve shakes his head.  The guy steps away.  Steve looks back at Bucky, and Bucky stares right back.He comes very quietly because he's had a lot of practice at it.  The blonde sits up and washes her mouth with a shot of whatever's left on the table.  Bucky tucks hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Pining
Chronic Illness
Mild Gore
Hospitalization
Torture
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

