Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For a handsome, blond, studly prince, Thor got teased a surprising amount. This was not because he lacked prowess at fighting, ate less than his friends, could not hold his beer, or did not attract the women. On the contrary, he did all of these things, and topped it off by pursing a decent education through sheer interest. Aesir women flocked to him, flirted with him, tempted him, and generally tried to drag him to their beds. While his friends benefited from his steadfast refusal, Thor still bore the brunt of a rather impressive amount of torment. It was an uncommon ideal among the Aesir to avoid intimacy before marriage, something that he had picked up from some archaic Midgardian culture during the travels that Odin patiently tolerated. It seemed harmless enough to the All-Father, as he supposed that when Thor did fall in love, he would settle down quickly out of pure lust.Odin could not have been more wrong. … Well, to be fair, perhaps Thor would have settled were he in love. The “prize” his father gave him after winning the savage Jotun war, however, was not received with delight. The blue, bejeweled, horned, ambiguously-gendered freak was an insult to Thor, and he treated him – her – it? – as such. For all of the respect he showed the varied cultures of Midgard, he turned none on his Jotun consort. Though he agreed reluctantly to the marriage, it was not a celebration but a quick and private ceremony, with bride and groom turning away from each other to go to separate rooms after it was complete.It took months for Thor to approach... it. For all that he hated it, it was likely the only way that he would produce the heir that would be both his responsibility and (hopefully) his joy – the joy that would replace the joy he should find in his marriage. He had been told that a tutor had been working with the Jotun creature, attempting to instill some understanding of the sophisticated Aesir language in its barbarian head. It should be easy, then, to communicate some quick bargain to the thing... assuming that the Jotun could even bear an Aesir's children. It was unsettling to think that he might be forced to mate with this half-beast in vain, soiling himself for no reward. Perhaps then his father would allow the marriage to be annulled? There was merit in the thought.When the Jotun's guard-attendants let him into its quarters, Thor was relieved to see that it had chosen a female form for the day. Perhaps that would make things easier in the long run. He looked at it as little as possible as he spoke, his mind so closed that he did not even register the flicker of hope that crossed the Jotun's face as she rose. His voice cut her off as she opened her mouth to speak, the flatness of his tone forbidding any attempt she had been going to make at a greeting.“I require an heir. If you will consent and may provide me with one, you will never have to suffer my touch again. Is this acceptable?” For all of the discomforts and humiliations he had suffered, Loki had held out hope that Thor, of all the Aesir, would accept him. The tutor and his attendants were tolerant enough. They had even become kind as he learned their language and thereby learned him. He was pleasant, curious, humorous, and somehow maintained a lightheartedness even during his dubious imprisonment. They came to enjoy his company and he theirs, and they willingly answered his questions about his absent husband. Through them he had gleaned an image of a man who was mindful of his responsibilities but open-minded almost to a fault, and certainly kind enough. They laughed over his adherence to certain archaic Midgardian customs but never quite explained what they were. This somehow endeared him to Loki, and he was pleased rather than frightened when Thor finally voluntarily entered his presence.The man was handsome enough. Loki had noticed that during the ceremony, had noticed the breadth of shoulder and the strong arms and hands that could kill as easily as comfort. He was attractive to a Jotun as small as Loki, reminding him of the massive beings that he had admired in Jotunheim. His strength was appealing, and so, somehow, was his smile. That smile had never been turned on Loki but he had glimpsed it on his wedding day and hoped for it now as he opened his mouth to deliver a painstakingly thought out Aesir greeting in his new tongue. Perhaps that would impress his bridegroom enough to notice him, to spend time with him – perhaps even to begin to love him.Thor's cold, flat words were like a slap to Loki's face. The hope that had blossomed over the past months, that had come almost to bloom when the tall man stepped into the room – it withered there and then and not only died but collapsed into a dust that left no trace of it in Loki's heart. His relaxed, almost shy posture snapped into rigid dignity and he turned his own face away from Thor's shamed refusal to look at him. His attendants flinched at his expression and his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Alternate universe - Marvel
Dubious Consent
Breeding
Intersex Loki
Intersex
Forced Pregnancy
Pregnancy
Gender Dysphoria
It may not technically be gender dysphoria but I'm still labeling it in case of triggers
Intersex Slurs
Misunderstandings
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Accidental emotional/psychological abuse
Coping
Slow Build
Forgiveness
Total failure to understand each other
Thor is an ass
Abusive Family
Jotun Loki
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Rape/Non-con Elements

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

