Chapter 1





Chapter Text
                                                                                             “What the fuck Rogers!” Clint yelled angrily, dropping down from God knows where and landing next to Iron Man’s sprawled form. “Jesus Christ, did you even pull that punch?” He asked, no longer quite yelling, but certainly no less angry.Everything was moving in slow motion, hazy and surreal. Steve’s arm was still outstretched, across his body in follow through of the punch. Clint’s words, and the fact that he had called him Rogers, not Cap or Captain while still in the field, took a moment to burrow through the resounding buzz in his brain, but as comprehension slowly came to light, Steve pulled his arm back towards his body, noticing with horror the shredded leather glove and the blood and scrapes on his knuckles.It had been only moments, but Steve was trying to swallow down the rush of adrenalin and understand what had just happened, to believe that yes, he had completely lost control. The evidence was irrefutable; his hand was sore, torn and bloody, Tony was on the ground, spread eagle and unmoving and Clint was hovering over the familiar form encased in red and gold, one hand trying to get to Tony’s neck and the other hovering over the small communicator in his ear, simultaneously calling for medics, trying to check for a pulse and glaring murderously at Steve.Shaking his head in an effort to clear the haze, Steve looked from Clint to Tony, his mind rebelling from the facts of what had just happened. Bile rose in his throat, too thick and bitter to dispel in one swallow. It quickly replaced the adrenalin, as the truth of the situation sunk in. He had hit his friend, his teammate, his...lover (for lack of a better term) and he had hit him with nearly the full force of his superhuman strength.The armor’s faceplate was almost completely raised, though Steve was absolutely certain it hadn’t been when he’d drawn his arm back for the blow. Regardless, it was raised now, sleek and undamaged, in a mocking parody of the face it had shielded moments ago. Now the sections of Iron Man’s helmet extending from his temple to his chin, normally a means of protection and support, were crushed against Tony’s face, into Tony’s face. Twisted armor pierced the soft flesh at his hairline, cheekbone and jaw like some horrible metal claw ripping flesh and most likely the bone beneath. Blood was pooled around the ragged wounds and crimson droplets were spattered on the side of his nose, in his eyelashes and on his lips.Steve wanted to turn away, to run, to be anywhere but here. His breath was coming in short, shallow gasps as the last of the adrenaline finally drowned in the sour acid, and the full and untainted reality of the scene became clear. Guilt quickly combined with the fury from minutes ago causing an intense wave of nausea to settle in his stomach, forcing him to double over. He needed to calm down and think; now was not the time to sort through the myriad of emotions racing through him. He was a leader due to his ability to compartmentalize and it was high time he get on with that. Tony was wounded, possibly critically, because of him.“Pulse?” Bruce asked, sprinting past Steve and dropping to the ground beside Clint.“Weak, I think, but…yes? I can’t reach inside enough to really check without moving the helmet. He’s not breathing normally though, we have to get the armor off before—in case he needs CPR any time soon.” Clint’s voice was steady, but Steve could see the fear in his eyes, even through the deadly glare fixed on him.With an almost dizzying speed the soldier part of the super-soldier serum kicked in. His mind lurched into command mode and he would wait until later to dwell on the fact that Hawkeye had gotten there so much quicker than he had, both mentally and physically. A teammate was down, field triage was being done, medics were on the way and the scene had already been cleared before the...altercationAs Banner and Barton methodically searched the armor for a release, trying not to move Tony at all, Steve took a step closer and said more softly than intended, “JARVIS?” No response came from the suit. Steve wasn’t sure if the faceplate needed to be intact for JARVIS to respond or if maybe the AI was damaged by the…attack. God, that thought had him reeling. He couldn’t dwell on that, not now, he had to concentrate. “JARVIS?” He tried once more, in what he hoped was a more authoritative tone, though it was possibly laced with impending panic and the need to vomit… and still no response. “Right, Christ….I forgot about JARVIS.” Clint had barely finished speaking when the cool, clipped and distinctly British response came.“I am assisting you now Agent Barton.”“JARVIS, thank God, are you releasing the armor somehow? We need to get it off him.”There was a very faint click and even fainter whirring sound as the Iron Man suit seemed to expand minutely. “Carefully locate the small lever inside, jus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Aftermath of Violence
iffy science
don't mess with JARVIS
Internalized Homophobia
Child Abuse
Angst!

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

