Work Text:
They’ve decided to start producing Bucky Bears again, now that he’s all shiny and redeemed and fighting for good on this big Avengers misfits team. Steve sees them sitting in the window of a tiny neighborhood toy store in Brooklyn - an employee has painted the glass, flexing their bragging rights about being the home of Bucky Barnes before he was the Winter Soldier, and Steve rolls his eyes and braces himself before going inside, because hipsters really seem to like him, but he hates what they’ve done to his old home - and can’t resist buying one. Bucky’s been back with him, with them, and in recovery for nine months now, and Steve thinks this will make a nice little celebratory gift, a recall to a funny memory and, considering the tweaks that the manufacturers have made to the new Bucky Bear, an acknowledgment that Steve knows Bucky has changed irrevocably, can still do good as this different person. Bucky holds it in his hands and stares down at it, blinking slowly, completely silent. Steve’s explaining the whole thing to the rest of the team, how popular the original Bucky Bears were during the war, how any mail the Commandos ever got delivered to them was always full of letters for Bucky with photos of smiling children holding American flags and Bucky Bears tight to their chests, how even though Bucky was a sniper he was still considered more appropriate to cuddle with at night than a stuffed toy Captain America. Clint’s eyes have gone wide with excitement at this information and Bruce grins, admits to having been passed an old and faded hand-me-down Bucky Bear from his mother as a kid. “Well, where the hell is it now?” Tony asks. “Do you have any idea how much money you could make if you auctioned that off? An original Bucky Bear once owned by a tiny Hulk?” Bruce shrugs and rubs at the back of his neck. “It was buried with her.” “Oh,” Tony says with a wince, reaching out to squeeze Bruce’s shoulder in apology. “Hey, what if the toy companies started making little stuffed Avengers and Friends? Or just our Friends? Who do I talk to to get a Rhodey Bear made, is what I’m asking.”“Jealous that Steve’s best friend has a cuddly counterpart and yours doesn’t, Tony?” Sam says, grinning. Bucky finally looks up. “Rhodey definitely deserves a bear,” he says. Tony beams.“You know, he is going to be so glad to hear you said that,” Tony says, phone suddenly in hand, pointing proudly at Bucky and walking backward out the room. “Totally over the moon. He might even ask you out. Or kiss you. Just remember you brought this on yourself.” Bucky looks back down at the bear in his hands.Clint sits down next to Bruce and pulls out his tablet, opens a window to ebay. “We’re gonna find you a new old Bucky Bear, buddy.” Bruce starts to shake his head, but Clint gets like this when Bruce talks about his parents, resolute and determined to fix all memories of Bruce’s awful, abusive childhood. “Don’t you think it’ll be a good anger management tool?” he asks, only because appealing to Bruce’s more deliberately calming habits is a sure way to get him to relent. “Even the Hulk could use something soft to snuggle.”The room is quiet for a few moments, and Steve pokes Bucky’s side. “You don’t have to keep it if you don’t want to,” he says lowly. “I just, you know, I thought it would be--I thought it might--be nice.” It sounds more pathetic once it’s been said out loud. Steve frowns. “Yeah, you don’t have to keep it--” Bucky looks at him. “He has a little shiny gray arm,” Bucky says, wiggling the stuffed arm in question, one of the tweaks made in the new model. It takes Steve a second to realize that Bucky’s got a small smile on his face, actually looks a little bit proud around the eyes. “Yeah,” Steve says, tentatively happy, and then, thinking Bucky’s different pronoun use might be significant, “he does.” Bucky looks down at the bear again, smiles bigger.“I’ve got a therapy appointment,” Bucky says after a silent minute. Sam stands and pulls on his jacket, elbows Steve and says, “Keys, Steve? Steve, keys. Keys, Steve. Steve,” and Steve rolls his eyes, makes a big deal out of retrieving Sam’s car keys from his front pocket, and when he looks at Bucky again, the bear has disappeared. --Bucky’s been doing weird stuff with his money since he was made aware of both the bank account in his name full of decades upon decades of government pay and Amazon.com. Giant boxes of every candy invented in the past seventy years have kept the entire Avengers team amped on sugar for nine weeks and counting. One Tuesday two months ago, UPS delivered the entire collection of Disney’s animated films, which has supplied the features for the past twenty-two Tower Movie Nights and sparked countless arguments about animation eras in American cinema, all of which have gotten intensely heated in a surprisingly short amount of time. A heavy aluminum briefcase under Bucky’s bed holds a dozen weapons of varying size and purpose, all of them pink and eerily
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Friendship
Therapy
Hospitals
Medical
Illnesses
Minor Character Death
Child Death
Teddy Bears
New York City
Canon-Typical Violence
Children
Self-Esteem Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

