Work Text:

The lights are on, but you’re not home.

Your mind is not your own.

Your heart sweats, your body shakes.

Another kiss is all it takes.

 
“So, today is our last day,” Violet Summers says as she sets a mug of tea down in front of Peter and Wade, “Are you excited to be done?” “Yes,” they both say at the same time, and Peter looks over at Wade, smiling.  It’s been six months since they finally found their way back to each other. “No offense, Miss Sweet Summers,” Wade says, fingers curling around his mug of tea, “But I ain’t one for brain pickin’, and spidey’s the only one I trust to be tappin’ in with his icepick, and woohoo, that sounded dirty.  Do you do the hearts washed in misery, drenched in gasoline smackers?  Boom, lobotomized.” Peter snorts into his tea, and Wade just smirks, leaning back in his seat.  “Yeah, I be excited,” he says, shrugging one shoulder, “Means me and the webhead are healed, right?” “You were never broken,” Violet says, sipping her own tea, “You just needed a third party to help you sort out some issues that had arisen in your lives, but it’s nothing to consider something that needed to be healed, though you have come a long way since our first meeting.  Do you remember what you wanted to be able to accomplish then?” “Communication,” Wade says, surprising both of them.  “Aw, Petey, don’t blush,” he teases, reaching over to pinch Peter, who smacks his hand away. “Behave,” he says, so Wade licks his tea like a cat.  “He’s right, though,” Peter says, turning back to Violet, “We weren’t communicating enough, weren’t talking to each other about the things that were actually important or clarifying things that had happened and how we felt about them.” “Also, the nightmares,” Wade says, not looking up from his tea. “Yes, you both had personal goals, as well.  Can you elaborate on them a little?” Violet asks. “Well,” Peter says, looking fondly over at Wade, who flashes him a brilliant smile, “Wade hasn’t had a nightmare in two months, and I haven’t had a panic attack in four months, though he’s been on several missions in that time.” “Don’t forget the weapons,” Wade says. “Why don’t you talk about the weapons, Wade?” Violet prompts. Wade sighs dramatically and downs the rest of his tea before setting the mug down on the coffee table and saying, “They’re clean and stored away unless I need to use them, which is never in the house.  Rule number twenty-one.” “Last I checked, we were at eighteen.  When did you establish the other three?” “Nineteen,” Wade says, “We can’t be wastin’ our pretty asses on the sofa every day, and if three consecutive days find the asses with no iron mongerin’, then we be out poundin’ the ground.” “The gym,” Peter clarifies, “Twenty, body parts are only to be sent in the case of an emergency.” “Which is lame, because I like sending you my toes,” Wade grumbles. Peter ignores him in favor of continuing, “And twenty-one, no weapons at home unless they’re being properly cleaned.” “And you still think the rules system is a good one?” Violet asks. Peter nods.  “It’s worked for the past almost four years, and we’ve talked about each of them in depth to make sure they’re appropriate.” “Good to hear,” Violet says, smiling, “Now, what about your other goals?  How’s Florence?” “Fantastic,” Peter says, “Her and Wade bonded instantly, and she’s great to have around when he’s on missions.” “And the apartment hunting?” “We’ve narrowed it down to three places, and it’s just a matter of deciding now.  We’re actually going to check out one of them again after this.” “That’s excellent, boys,” Violet says, “You’ve come through a lot together, and you’re stronger for it.  In the face of so much—Wade leaving, Peter learning how to cope with his absences, Wade’s nightmares and tendency for violence, Peter’s insecurities concerning the team and Johnny, overcoming the resistance from both—you’ve still remained devoted to one another, and that shows a lot of courage.  I’m sad to see you go, boys, but I’m very happy to let you go.  Is there anything else you’d like to discuss before we part ways?” Peter looks over at Wade, who shakes his head, so Peter turns back, smiling.  “I think we’re good,” he says, “Thank you so much, Violet.” “Thank you for trusting me to listen,” she says, standing. They say their goodbyes, lingering a little before Wade’s reaching for Peter’s hand, and then they head out.  They’re quiet until they reach the elevator, and then Peter shoves them against the wall, leaning up and pressing a hard kiss to Wade’s mouth.  Wade kisses back, hands sliding around to press in against the small of Peter’s back, holding him against him.  Peter starts to laugh halfway through, and he pulls away, dropping his head against Wade’s forehead.  “You okay, pipsqueak?” Wade asks, though he’s smiling widely. “Pipsqueak my ass,” Peter mutters, turning his face into Wade’s neck, kissing his smile into his skin, “I love you is all.” Wade pinches his butt and says, “I love you, too, c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Sexual Content
Fluff
Crack
FOURTH WALL WHAT FOURTH WALL
Substance Abuse

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

