Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Miss Potts?” Pepper looked up from her paperwork in order to acknowledge her secretary.“Yes Amanda?”“Your 11 o’clock appointment is here.” Amanda hesitated before continuing. “And they’ve brought guests.”Pepper scowled at Amanda’s words. Her request for a meeting had only been sent to Steve Rogers but she shouldn’t be surprised that Rogers brought his lackeys with him. He was probably trying to stronghold her, but he should know better than try to one-up her.“Just send them in Amanda. Please request for extra chairs to be brought to my office.” Pepper said while standing up and smoothing out her outfit. “And Amanda!” The secretary stuck her head back in. “Please have security ready and on alert. As a precaution of course.”“Mr. Rogers,” Pepper said, throwing on a media smile as she walked out of her office. “Thank you so much for coming in! I wasn’t expecting you to bring guests though, I’m going to have to request extra chairs be brought in.”“No worries Ms. Potts.” Rogers said, flashing a smile of his own. “You mentioned that this meeting was regarding the Avengers so I figured I should bring in the members. This Clint Barton, Hawkeye; Sam Wilson, the Falcon; and you know Natasha Romanoff, the Black Widow.”“It’s a pleasure to see all of you.” Pepper said, waving them into her office. “Ms. Romanoff, is that the name you’re going by now or should I call you Ms. Romanova?” Pepper’s smile turned a little sharper at her words.The men shot Romanoff a questioning look at Pepper’s words. “Natalia Romanova was a SHIELD cover. I apologize for that deception Pepper. Please call me Natasha Romanoff.”“Of course. And please call me Ms. Potts.” Pepper may have been friends with Romanoff at one point, but not anymore.A flash of surprise spread across Romanoff’s face before it smoothed out. Looks like Romanoff thought things were going to go in a different direction. Whoops. “Of course, Ms. Potts. I apologize.”“No worries.” Pepper said with a smile, as the men watched on with fascination. “Looks like those chairs are here.”After a little bit of awkward shuffling, they were all able to settle into their seats.“Mr. Rogers, you said that because this regards the Avengers, you believe that the Avengers members should be involved. Does that mean that Dr. Banner, Dr. Stark, and Colonel Rhodes will be joining us? Should we wait to start the meeting?”Surprise spread across Rogers face at her words. “Uh… No. I figured that Bruce and Tony would be too busy with their science experiments. And Colonel Rhodes is usually busy with his military missions. I didn’t want to bother them.”“No worries.” Pepper said. “There are security cameras located throughout my office. I can send all three gentlemen a video copy of our conversation. Speaking of, we should begin.” Pepper brought out a pile of paperwork from the top drawer of her desk.“Six months ago, one month after SHIELD fell, SI’s Avengers’ liaison Maria Hill reached out to you regarding your contract with SI. She wished to go over the exact details regarding what this contract involved and how it was previously handled with SHIELD. Ms. Hill mentioned to me that you seemed confused about the contract and how it functioned. So after that conversation, we offered lawyers from SI’s Avengers division to go over the details with you and any other individuals interested. According to my records here, everyone on the team all did consult the lawyers but some individuals had longer consults than others. Mr. Rogers did consult lawyers twice before never returning. Mr. Barton and Ms. Romanoff consulted the lawyers three times but the consultations went quickly according to the lawyers, due to the similarities to their previous contracts. Mr. Wilson and Dr. Banner repeatedly consulted the lawyers over a period of three weeks. And finally, Dr. Stark and Colonel Rhodes were involved in the contract negotiations and required no additional consultations.” Pepper explained while looking over the lawyers’ reports. “Were these consultations beneficial?”Everyone except for Rogers nodded their heads. “Mr. Rogers, did you not find the consultations useful?”Rogers hesitated a moment before speaking. “They were more confusing than anything else. They were using a large amount of legal mumbo jumbo that I didn’t understand.”“I’m sorry to hear that Mr. Rogers. But I do want to remind you that you could’ve asked for additional resources or could’ve asked for a different individual to consult. We do have a whole department dedicated to the Avengers Initiative you could’ve consulted.”“A whole department?” Rogers looked extremely confused at those words. “What do you mean?”“After SHIELD fell, SI absorbed a bunch of SHIELD Agents and developed a department just for the Avengers Initiative. This department controls public relations, helps with identifying threats, plans Avengers missions, and assists with clean up once the mission ends.” Barton explained. Pepper was happy to know that some of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF Pepper Potts
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Kinda neutral towards everyone else
Contracts
legal mumbo jumbo
Team Tony
Stark Industries

fandom: 
None
