Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sitting on a roof in the Bronx in the chill of autumn, Louis made the mistake of wondering out loud if there were like, levels of being a superhero.
Angel and Miles abandoned their latest argument to turn to him, intrigued. It was cold enough that Angel had wrapped a giant faux-fur scarf over her suit and was sitting comfortably on the edge of fashionable and looking like a giant q-tip. He himself had dug out a black beanie before coming out that night. He’d wondered if they were supposed to expect some kind of winter uniform or if Spidey just didn’t feel the cold. Knowing him, he probably just didn’t feel the cold.
“Well, go on,” Angel encouraged with her hands still locked over Miles’s ears. The kid was learning that complaining around Angel resulted in immediate problem-solving you were guaranteed to hate. Unfortunately, he was learning the hard way.
“I mean, obviously there are like, levels of superheroes,” Louis clarified, “But I wonder if there’s like a scale; like, you do such-and-such training and you’re a beginner. You fight X number of bosses and you’re intermediate. You know? That kind of thing?”
Angel chewed on this while Miles wriggled out of her grasp.
“Wouldn’t that involve coordination?” he pointed out, “And like, organization and agreement? I don’t know if even the Avengers are capable of that, why would anyone else at street level be?”
“You’re just pissed because you’re still level one,” Angel said. He mugged back at her.
“You’re level one, too.”
She stared long enough to make Miles uncomfortable. He shoved her shoulder and she shoved him harder, nearly off the side of the roof. Spidey was late, but this time he’d had the decency to text them. Something about an emergency at the lab.
Louis suspected that Stark had put Spidey on staff as a Crisis Manager and just hadn’t told him that that was his official title. All the guy did was handle emergencies, which he was actually perfect for. His whole blasé attitude in the face of serious danger thing and his uncomfortable tendency to write off bodily harm as an annoyance rather than a threat made him a fairly unshakable guy. Louis had personally seen him wander into a burning building and emerge unscathed, damn near whistling. Burning buildings, fighting rapists. All’s in a day of work for Spiderman. When asked what the fuck he was thinking, he’d just shrugged and said “well, you gotta close all the fire doors before you leave, you know?”
Which.
Dude.
Safety first, yes, but also what the fuck.
“If we’re all level one—” he wondered.
“Hey, we’re at least level two,” Angel interjected, waving between Louis and herself.
“Then where do you think Spidey is?” he finished.
A thoughtful pause.
“We need better parameters,” Miles declared, having defended and regained his perch from Angel. She was watching him with indulgence. Louis gave her ten seconds before she tried to shove him off again. He considered intervening, but Miles was sticky like Spidey, he wasn’t going to get hurt too badly if he fell of the building.
“Explain,” Louis told him.
“Well, we don’t actually know what a one is and how it’s different from a two. If we know what the end goal is, then we’ll know where we fit and we’ll know where Spidey fits.”
“Spidey’s the end goal,” Angel informed them.
Another thoughtful pause.
“Never mind, Spidey’s like a six. Maybe a seven,” she amended. “Compared to like Cap or Iron Man, you know.”
Miles was offended on Spidey’s behalf.
“That’s not fair, he’s gotta be at least an eight.”
Angel was not to be swayed.
“If aliens were attacking the city, would you feel safer knowing Iron Man was coming or Spiderman?”
Louis gave her kudos for a good argument. He hadn’t really thought about it that way. The three of them spent most of their time pretty wrapped up in being or becoming Spiderman.
“Well, Iron Man, I guess. But that’s only ‘cause he comes with extra resources,” Miles said.
“Alright, so resources gotta be on the scale, then, right?” Angel asked. Miles pouted at the argument he was suddenly losing. Angel grinned at him and carried on, “Yeah, that’s what I thought. Spidey’s got jack in the resources department and what he does have is Iron Man sanctioned. So like I said, a seven at most.”
“Alright,” Miles said, “What about us then? What makes a level one? Or is everyone a level one to begin with? Is there a level zero?”
Louis knew how to settle this. He dug out his phone. The other two kept on squabbling beside him. He opened google and searched ‘earliest spiderman footage’ and was rewarded with a video of a red and blue blur hurtling past the top frame of the camera. It wasn’t very enlightening. He clicked on one of the videos on the side titled “SPIDER-MAN IN NYC?”
That one was a little better, showing the same red and blue blur leap up the side of a building, away from a confrontation with a harried looking guy with a gun. Spidey paused at the top, and then held his hand down towards the guy; there was another blur of movement
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Peter and all his copy cats basically
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Time Travel
Near Death Experiences
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Dark Magic
kind of
more like poorly conducted occultism
may parker is a witch
peter is half of a witch
matt murdock is very catholic and does not fuck with witches

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Peter and all his copy cats basically
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

