Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
In the grand spirit of everything going wrong in Thor’s life, just as he is about to kill Thanos for a second time, disaster strikes again.The gauntlet lights up just as Thor swings Stormbreaker, crackling lightning, and then –It isn’t so much an explosion as an implosion.There is a BOOM and Thor is thrown backwards – forwards? – the world warping in and out of his vision. His body is on fire, and he knows he is screaming but he cannot hear it over the deafening silence, the void he has been transported into.Then it stops. Thor’s knees hit hard ground, buckling beneath him. He slumps, Stormbreaker still clutched in his hand, the axe head striking the floor with a distinctly metallic clang. He has failed again, he knows it. Deep in his bones, he knows. He has failed, and all is lost.The tip of a sword pricks at his throat.Thor raises his head to meet familiar golden eyes, and his heart stops. Heimdall, miraculously, gloriously alive. The joy that fills Thor’s chest is quickly dampened by disbelief. It is a trick, a lie.The sword at his neck is very, very real.“There are few who can slip past my gaze, traveller,” Heimdall says.Thor notices, then, how much younger Heimdall looks. In his peripheral vision, he sees the familiar golden gate of the Bifrost. He cannot turn his head to look, but the bridge must be behind him, the towering golden spires of Asgard up ahead.Asgard, so recently destroyed, has been resurrected.At another time, Thor might have rejoiced, or demanded answers, or started swinging his axe around to catch out the imposters, or simply leapt to his feet and pulled Heimdall into an embrace. Exhausted in both body and mind, his grief and loss still far too real, he does none of those things.He looks into Heimdall’s face, whispers, “Oh, great,” and keels over sideways in a dead faint.- - -He wakes to a cell, which is unsurprising.What is surprising is his overwhelming joy at finding himself there. He traces the cot with his fingers, peers out the tiny barred window as much as it will allow, watches the guards patrol in their Asgardian uniforms, with Asgardian weapons and Asgardian armour, speaking to each other in an Asgardian manner. Asgard. He’s in Asgard.Thor is by no means a master when it comes to magic, but he has learned a great deal over the last few years. So when he thinks back to Stormbreaker striking the Infinity Gauntlet, to the colour and light that followed, it is not impossible to think that maybe, just maybe, he has travelled back in time. That this is not simply a contortion of reality or a hallucination, but a dislocation in time.They have confiscated Stormbreaker, but that is of no consequence. What is more concerning is how his family – his family, alive – will take the news. Or if he should tell them who he is at all, or if he should focus his efforts on destroying Thanos before the man can get his hands on the Infinity Stones.It is too much to think of, all at once. There are too many possibilities, and he is too heartsore to think clearly about anything. At least he has reached a stage in his life where his pride will allow him to acknowledge the fact.When they finally come for him, Thor follows quietly as he is lead through the winding corridors, up and up until he is brought before the king himself. His father, looking so much younger, hair a mix of black and silver, sits on the throne with Stormbreaker laid on a plinth by his side.For a moment he thinks Odin will recognise him. The king’s face, though, is entirely unreadable, even as Thor is put on his knees before the throne. Thor makes no attempt to hide his face but… nothing. He is too changed, too old. His father does not recognise him.The guards release their grip. Looking into his father’s eye, the calm that washes over Thor surprises him. Perhaps he should feel grief, bereaved of all identity, a total stranger to a much-loved father. Instead, he feels hope.He knows this place, knows this past. He has already lived this time once over, and grown and changed since then. Now, however it has happened, whether truth or an illusion, he has been granted the chance to walk these paths again. That is a rare gift indeed, the stuff of fairy tales, not to be readily dismissed.He bows forward, as much as his position on his knees will allow without prostrating himself like a criminal begging mercy, and he waits.“Speak your name, warrior, and your purpose,” Odin says.Thor opens his mouth. Closes it again. By all reason, there will be a younger version of himself running around somewhere. Part of him wants to tell Odin everything, that he is his son and all that has passed, but something stills his tongue. Some voice suspiciously like Loki in the back of his mind reminds him that while he may always reveal his true identity later, keeping his cards close to his chest until he ascertains the true nature of his situation would be wise
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Time Travel
Fix-It
Age Difference
Slow Burn
On Hiatus

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

