Chapter 1: one
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Winter, 2012
New York is cold in November.No shit, Bucky thinks bitterly, pulls his thin jacket around his thinner figure. But this year feels worse, sharp, bitter air stinging his eyes and face and making him feel fragile and brittle. He hasn’t been inside all day and he wishes distantly that some rich customer would come along and lead him home to a warm, private apartment with like, insulated sheets. Maybe someone who was into bath or shower sex. He doesn’t care. He just wants to go inside.So he stays out for a bit, propping himself against a wall in an alley, a typical spot he’ll loiter at if he’s desperate for the cash. The Upper West Side yields less customers but easier ones, a rich closeted businessmen and desperate junkie partiers hopped on expensive coke. Both assholes, both reliable, and generally not the most cruel. So Bucky waits, stomach turning, half hoping no one shows up and he can go crash at Wanda's and sleep and wash off the grime that clings to him, the hands that were all over him today that he can still feel crawling on his skin.Less than ten minutes later, though, someone shows up. The guy who approaches him is in a thick Canada Goose coat and totes an expensive bag, and Bucky knows as soon as he sees him that he’s not getting to go to his apartment. This is one of those married with kids types, the kind of asshole who works in investment banking in the day then goes to fuck a homeless, one armed prostitute before heading back to his wife.He knows this guy, Bucky realizes as he gets closer, he actually has seen the inside of his home more than once. This guy paid him two hundred a few weeks ago. I wanna rough you up, he had snarled, like a character out of a bad porn film, and he had done it, and Bucky put up with it all while staring blankly at a photo of his wife and son while he did it, tears glittering in his eyes.Charmer.“Hi,” the man says now, smirks at him, backs him further into the wall. Bucky shudders.“Hey.” He simpers, tries not to tense when the guy takes Bucky’s chin in his hand.“You busy?” The guy asks, but he isn’t really asking.“That depends,” Bucky answers, and forces a smirk, “are you asking me for something?”The guy leans in, his lips grazing Bucky’s neck. “How much for a blowjob?” he asks, his voice husky. Bucky sighs.“Twenty,” he says quietly, grabs the guy’s hand and pulls him into an alley. The guy is rough; he pushes Bucky to his knees, undoes his belt, fucks into his throat. Bucky shuts his eyes, bobs his head in the guys lap, and it’s over in a few minutes, the man coming down his throat, then pulls Bucky up as he redoes his fly.“Oh, god, baby,” the guy says, grabs his ass, and Bucky kisses his neck, hopes it’ll earn him a few extra dollars. “So fuckin’ hot for me, huh?”“Yeah,” Bucky replies, his throat raw, tears burning behind his eyes.“Yes, sir,” the guy corrects, squeezes his ass, and Bucky winces.“I’m sorry, sir,” he replies again, and tries not to get sick all over that expensive coat. “Make it up to me next time, you hot little whore,” the guy whispers, and presses a twenty into Bucky’s palm. “Maybe a little punishment’s necessary.”He plays along, his stomach turning. “I’ll be good for you,” he murmurs. “I know.” The guy kisses him, sloppy and hard, and pats his cheek before stepping aside and leaving. Bucky stands there, shivering for several seconds, before swallowing a sob and pocketing the twenty, weeping quietly for a few beats before he takes a shaky breath and walks quickly out of the small, dark alley.***It’s been like this for so long it isn’t worth wishing for something different. Find as many lonely, pained, more-often-than-not-angry people as he can and let them pay to get him to do whatever the fuck they want. Some of them he knows, has standing dates with. Some of them he doesn’t, and they scope him out from one of the areas he’ll typically hang about looking sultry during late hours. It really doesn’t matter. They’re interchangeable and predictable- they all want the same thing and they’re all gone once they get what they want, leaving Bucky breathless and reeling. Sometimes they check if he’s okay with what they wanna do. Usually they don’t. Sometimes they do it even if he tells them no. He’s used to it. He’s learned exactly how to pick himself up afterwards, how to numb the bruising and lingering fear and disgust so it’s all white noise and check out for a while so he doesn’t think, doesn’t feel, because he thinks it might kill him if he does.He tells himself all of this as he stands there, shivering, trying to convince himself it is okay. He thinks about trying to pick up someone else, but he’s freezing and nauseous and hardly anyone is out on a night this cold. He thinks then about maybe finding one of his friend’s places, the other people who hang around hidden alleys in Manhattan and give each other water and condoms and wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Slow Burn
Angst
Past Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Recovery
Protective Steve Rogers
Rape Recovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

