Work Text:
Sam has signed up for a lot of things in his life. Among other things the army, helping Captain America take down S.H.I.E.L.DRA, and one time that Black Widow fan club newsletter (not that he would admit to that last one).
But this?
This is not one of these things.
He did not sign up to wake up to the fucking Winter Soldier, standing in the shadows of his dimly-lit kitchen. 
Sam had dragged himself out of bed at dawn, and stumbled into the kitchen in search of a morning cup of coffee before his run – he might’ve given up on jogging with Steve, because he’s an asshole who can run circles around Sam without even trying, but he’s still keeping in shape. But that’s going to have to wait, apparently.
“Um” Sam says, wishing he were more paranoid and more prone to keeping guns on his person at all times. Of course this would happen when Steve’s gone back to New York to do some avenging, after months of looking all over for this asshole.
The man, from what Sam can see of him, looks more tired and wary than threatening. He’s wearing what could only be described as hobo clothes, his long hair and beard unkempt.  And he generally looks nothing like one of the deadliest men alive.
“Steve’s not here. If you were looking for him. But I can try to call him, I guess… He’d love to hear from –“
“No. I don’t… No.” His voice is raspy from disuse and… Is he fidgeting? Sam blinks, perplexed and still very much on his guard. Would it get him killed if he made a move towards the coffee machine? He can’t tell.
“Okay… Not Steve then. Do you need something?” He hopes that thing is a shower.
The twitching intensifies, and he opens his mouth a few times, brows furrowed in concentration as if he’s thinking really hard about what he’s going to say.
“You… help. People. Like me. Soldiers.” He seems unsure of himself even as he states it, blue eyes fixed on Sam with an intensity that’s a little disquieting. Even more disquieting is the fact that he seems to know a lot of things about Sam. He wonders if he’s been tracking them, the whole time they’ve been tracking him, only much more successfully.
He has no idea where Barnes has been since the whole incident with the Helicarriers, and not for lack of trying to find him. Granted, their resources had been a little thin given that SHIELD was gone and that Steve and Sam both were on rather unfriendly terms with the good old government at the moment. Especially since the fuckers had confiscated his – admittedly stolen, but for a good cause – heavily-damaged wings. 
But there had been no sign of the Winter Soldier when they’d tracked down the people in his file. Sam had seen shadier things than even his considerable experience had prepared him for, but their favourite assassin apparently hadn’t felt like, or maybe hadn’t been in a state to, go on a revenge killing spree. He’d just completely vanished.
You’d think a heavily traumatised man with a metal arm would be easy to find, but no. Steve had been terrified that his friend might’ve killed himself, unable to deal with the memories of his time as a Hydra puppet.
They’d managed to catch a few mad scientists here and there in Eastern Europe though, so it hadn’t been a complete waste of time. Steve had probably needed the time to process, and to beat the shit out of some of the people responsible, too. Sam didn’t mind. Because he’d have done the same for Riley, and because those sick bastards deserved the full wrath of Captain America.
Whatever he’d been doing the whole time, the man now awkwardly standing in his kitchen looks more like a lost child than like the unflinching killer Sam has fought (and lost) against. He also looks nothing like the man Steve talks about all the time, the laughing man in the black and white newsreels at the Smithsonian.
Sam thinks about the picture of him in his Hydra file, the one where he’s frozen in one of those stasis tanks, and thinks.  
“Okay. I can help you. Okay. I’m… coffee first. Do you want coffee?”
He gets a half-shrug at best, and the eyes track him around the kitchen. He gets two mugs, anyway.
Sam knows PTSD. He’s felt it, seen it, studied it, talked about it, treated it… but this man has been through decades of conditioning on top of being a POW to Nazi Scientists and fighting in WWII and losing a limb and killing loads and loads of people while brainwashed.
Sam’s a little out of his depth, here. So coffee it is.
They stand in awkward silence while the machine whistles, quietly assessing each other.
When it’s done he inhales half his cup, and hands the other one to the Winter Soldier – Bucky? Barnes? Barnes. – who snatches it inhumanly fast and retreats into his corner, takes a few careful sips after a few moments of hesitation.
“So you remember things, now? From before?”
Barnes’ lower lip is bleeding, from where he’s worrying at it as he thinks.  
“Some. Not much, but… Some of it.”
“Good, good. We’ve been looking for you, you know?”
That earns him a tiny quirk of the lips that could technicall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
POV Sam
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Fluff and Angst
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

