Chapter 1: Still Peter Parker
    




Chapter Text
The week had been uneventful, which knowing Peter’s luck, was too good to be true. It was during the last period of the day, science class when the school went off and a lockdown was put into effect.
	Naturally, the students joked good-naturedly about it being a drill, but Peter’s spidey-senses said otherwise. Alarms went off in his head as the teacher hushed the class and corralled them into a corner away from the view of the door.
	Peter was squished between both Michelle and Ned on the floor when he first felt it. Recently Mr Stark had given him a necklace that would sound if he was ever needed to help out on one of the Avenger’s missions. If he was needed, the necklace would sound at a frequency and level that he could pick up.
	This was the first time it has ever gone off.
	And might also be the last if he couldn’t get out of the classroom to help.
	He nudged Ned and gestured to the chain around his neck, Ned’s eyes widened as he realised what was going on. Using their best friend telepathy (trust him, it’s definitely a thing) that consisted of hand movements, weird looks, and just knowing the person, they had come to the conclusion that they had no idea what the hell to do.
	Flash, who had been watching their whole ‘conversation’ snorted and whispered, “What’re you doing Penis?”
	The students around Flash shushed him and one guy even mumbled something along the lines of, ‘if I get killed because of these assholes I’m definitely haunting them.’
	Michelle, who had been reading her book peacefully until then, glared at Flash then gave him the universal gesture of ‘I’m watching you’ before flipping him off, only to then continue to read.
	Peter admired her ability to just read all of her problems away, and just the general ability to give zero fucks.
	His necklace grew louder, which made him flinch and cover his ears. Thankfully, his classmates were still unable to hear it, but that only made him look insane.
	Ned patted his shoulder before pulling out a pair of earplugs from his pocket. When Peter gave him a questioning look as he put them in,but  Ned just shrugged and mouthed, ‘guy in the chair.’
	His spidey-senses then went through the roof and he leapt up in front of the class. The teacher was just about to scold him, but then a chunk of the wall exploded and flew backwards, heading straight for the cupboard of chemicals.
	Without a second thought, Peter leapt forwards in the way of the wall's path and stopped it in its tracks. He pushed the chunk of brick off of him onto the ground and stared at the proud, indifferent, angry, and awed eyes of his classmates. Bet you can guess which looks belonged to who.
	He didn’t have time to think about what he had done though, because soon enough a blast was hurdling itself at him and he had to jump to avoid it, he just so happened to land on the roof.
	There goes his cover.
	Peter sighed before stripping off his sweater to reveal his Spider-Man suit underneath. He had planned to go on an early patrol once school ended so he put his suit on at lunch so he wouldn’t waste any time later tonight. It was pure good luck (something he wasn’t so used to) that lead to him wearing the suit today.
	What more did he have to lose anyway?
	“Ned, hop in on the chat and do what you can to get the students out of here,” Peter told his friend as he finished slipping out of his school clothes to reveal the rest of the suit. Ned nodded and took out his Stark pad from his book-bag, the two completely ignoring the questioning looks from their classmates.
	Peter slipped on the gloves and eyed the sky outside of the now three-walled classroom, wondering where the bad guy had went. Just then did Ironman show up.
	Tony’s mask opened up to reveal his face to Peter’s speechless class and he stared at the kid, “I guess your cover is blown?”
	Peter pulled the mask on, “You could say that.”
	“Well then get going, I’ve been calling you through the necklace. What’s the point of giving you a device to tell you to get somewhere if you don’t use it?” With that, Tony jetted off.
	Peter sighed before nodding thanks to Ned and shooting his web out of the area and swinging away.
	Flash gaped the whole time as he watched Spider-Man -no, Peter Parker, fight off a villain with the Avengers. He swung around in the air with Ironman and Falcon, kicked ass with Captain America, Scarlet Witch and Black Widow, and even make jokes with Ant-man and Deadpool (who had both recently joined the team).
	When the whole thing was over, and the school was all safely evacuated, thanks to Ned and Michelle, Peter walked over to his class in his usual clothes and ran his hand through his hair anxiously. After a while of everyone just kind-of staring at each other Peter whispered, “Can this maybe be just our little secret?”
	The class and teacher exchanged looks before nodding, what could they say anyways, ‘no?’ He knows Tony Stark and the Avengers, he could literally make t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
High School
Avengers - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

