Chapter 1



Notes:
Many thanks to Cesperanza and lim for beta! ♥




Chapter Text
“You know, whatever you’re planning to do to me,” Sam said, working hard to keep his voice steady, “I'm not going to be using it for you."He didn’t know where he was, other than someplace he didn’t want to be. All he could see was the floor underneath him, square white tiles like a bathroom. They'd strapped his head securely into a face rest, his arms out to the sides and his legs shoulder-width apart on a big metal operating table. No give in any of the straps — he couldn't move so much as a centimeter in any direction. No reason to strap anyone down like this for torture, so that meant something worse was on the agenda.He couldn’t help the scared-kid thought running around a wheel inside his head: why, why me, because it was halfway a real question. None of this made sense. Hydra had made an effort on this one, burned one of their deep sleeper agents. Steve had a short list of people he trusted enough to vouch for former SHIELD agents right now — Natasha, Hill, Fury, Clint. He wouldn’t take intel from anyone unless two of those people signed off, and none of them were feeling all that trusting these days. There couldn’t be that many agents left in Hydra’s pocket who could clear that bar.But even so, Hydra had traded Gladell’s cover just to sucker him and Steve into that ambush. Sam could’ve understood if they’d been trying to take Steve out, but they hadn’t had enough firepower for that. As far as Sam could tell, their actual objective had been to pin Steve down, and then bag him, and that — well, that was enough to freak him the fuck out if he thought about it too hard.“No offense, and I’ll admit you’ve got a pretty badass logo,” Sam said, because talking beat hyperventilating, “but I'm not really Hydra material.”He was just talking to make words, drown out the steel clatter of medical instruments, but the door slid open while he was talking, two pairs of footsteps walking in, and when he finished a sharp voice said, “Indeed he is not, Doctor Kardan. A point worthy of more consideration. I remain uncomfortable with the — order of operations.”“Hey, me too,” Sam put in. “Maybe you all should go talk it over.”“You have reopened this discussion four times now, Major,” the doctor answered; weird voice, dreamy, like she was talking about something far off. “That must be sufficient.” She came closer and patted Sam’s shoulder with a thin clammy hand. Sam would have flinched, if he’d been able to. “Do not concern yourself, Samuel. While your — metamorphosis will require the exercise of your independent will, I assure you that your future service to Hydra will not. And we have made significant improvements to the process of its eradication.”Funny how much that didn’t make Sam feel better. The doctor was walking around the table now: shiny flat black shoes going click click click on the shiny tile floor, the sound of water running in a sink while she washed her hands. “We had quite given up, you know—we thought the wing program was a failure. All the prototype operators had failed one trial or another — we wrote you yourself off after you left the program. But then Captain Rogers recruits you, and behold! In crisis, you outperform all our required metrics. I must say it truly seems to me the hand of Providence moving.”“Yeah?” Sam said. “How exactly do you square that with us blowing the hell out of your helicarriers?” He flinched hard: someone else was wiping something cold and wet over his back, up and down his spine and across the shoulderblades.“Ah, well,” the doctor said, coming back to the table, “not all of us thought Insight the wisest program. So wasteful! Slaughtering twenty million people because they were dangerous to Hydra? But the danger of today may be the weapon of tomorrow. As you yourself will demonstrate.”“Is there any reason for further delay?” the other voice broke in, impatient.“None at all,” the doctor said. “Nurse, let us begin with the L5 lumbar nerves.” The needles started going in.Sam lost control of his body little by little. Feet below the knee went first, then the rest of the legs, then everything below the waist, the neck down, and then they were feeding a tube into his mouth and a machine was breathing for him, and he couldn’t do anything but blink. He could still feel everything, all the impersonal hands on his body, like the input was coming in fine and it was just output that wasn’t working.Any time now, man, Sam thought in Steve's direction. Any time at all. He knew that wasn't fair, knew it wasn't going to happen. He let himself imagine it anyway, trying to hold off the panic gnawing at his gut: doors busting open, Hydra goons splattered around the room, Steve's hands ripping the restraints off. His breath hissed Vader-style in and out of his lungs, regular and even.“How is the subject doing?” That was Doctor Kardan again.“All vital signs acceptable, doctor,” another voice said. “Pulse elevated but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Wings
Hydra (Marvel)
Body Modification
Origin Story
OT4 Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

