Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
To say things were moving fast between May and her new boyfriend was a pretty big understatement, they had only been dating for a few short months before Tony decided to move in.Tony seemed like a nice guy and from what Peter could see he treated his aunt really well. The last time he'd seen her happy like this was with uncle Ben. Of course, it was always sad to think about uncle Ben and the relationship that he and May had together, but if May was happy in this new relationship then Peter was happy too.The thing he liked the most about Tony was that he was really good at lightening up awkward situations, like the first time they met May had invited him over for dinner and Peter wasn't sure how to act around him, but Tony made him feel comfortable which made it easier to talk to him. Another example would be the time where he was coming out of the shower and they bumped into each other and Peter almost dropped his towel, he was embarrassed at first but Tony was quick to make a joke that eased the tension. There had also been this one time where Tony's hand brushed over his ass while they were in the kitchen, the older man quickly apologized saying it was an accident and they both ended up laughing it off.So yeah, he didn't think Tony was a bad guy. Peter walked into his room and shrugged off his bag, being somewhat glad to see he had the house to himself today. May's working hours were all over the place which meant more often than not it would only be him and Tony at home, however, the older man must still be at work today because Peter didn't see him when he walked in.Peter tapped his fingers on the wooden computer desk as he stood over it. It had been another frustrating day at school and he really wanted to let off some steam and of course being the teenager he was his mind went straight to one thing.Peter got his phone out from his bag and plugged some earphones in before getting undressed and lying across his bed. Normally he would jerk off under the covers but it was annoying having to clean up his mess afterward, especially when he accidentally got stuff on his blanket, so when no one was home he liked doing it with nothing on.He put the earphones in before he started going down his favorite porn tag.Straight porn never did it as good for him as what gay porn did, he had no idea why he found it so enjoyable to watch a smaller guy getting dominated by a bigger guy. Sometimes he would even put himself in the bottom's shoes and imagine it was him getting fucked instead.After looking for what seemed like ages Peter became impatient and ended up just going with the same video he always watched.He couldn't help but groan when he finally got his fingers around his cock and he kept his eyes on the phone as he slowly started stroking himself.Peter held himself a little more firmly to try and gain some more friction. He pushed his hips into the bed before thrusting up, making his cock fuck into his fist and a low moan eluded the back of his throat as he did. He knew he wasn't going to last long because this video always got him off so quickly, which definitely wasn't something he was complaining about.His moaning was getting louder but he didn't care because it wasn't like anyone was going to overhear him."Having fun?"Peter's eyes snapped to the door to find Tony leaning against the frame with a wide smirk on his face."Mr Stark!" Peter dropped his phone on his face as he struggled to cover himself up, it would've been comical if it weren't for the situation. Once he managed to get himself covered he quickly sat up and pressed his back to the wall that his bed pushed against. "I-I didn't know you were home!" Peter could feel his entire body going red with humiliation.Hasn't he ever heard of knocking? Then again maybe Tony did knock and he didn't hear it with his earphones in."Calm down, kid, it's okay." Tony tried to reassure, still having that wide smirk on his face, "there's nothing to be embarrassed about."Peter started feeling uneasy when he noticed the older man's eyes running over his exposed chest. He pulled the blanket up higher but now the fabric suddenly felt too thin."I-I'm sorry." Peter wasn't really sure he was the one who should be apologizing, but he couldn't stop it from slipping out."Like I said, it's nothing to be embarrassed about."Peter hadn't expected Tony to walk into the room, and he definitely hadn't expected him to sit down on his bed, but he did, and it instantly put Peter on edge."All teenagers do it," he pointed out.Of course Peter knew that but it didn't make this situation any less humiliating or awkward.Why couldn't he just leave?As if the situation wasn't bad enough already, Peter looked down at his phone and saw that the porn video was still playing, and this unfortunately didn't go unnoticed by Tony."Daddy fucking his twink?" Tony chuckled at the tile of the video as he picked up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Forced Orgasm
Dark Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Forced Daddy Kink
Virgin Peter Parker
Masturbation
Loss of Virginity
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Rimming
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Tony Stark
Butt Plugs
Forced Masturbation
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
Crying
lots and lots of crying

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

