Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 The thing is...a learning AI is still learning from somewhere, someplace. Usually their creator. A learning AI is not unlike a child in some ways, and they take from the ‘parenting styles’ their creator implements. When their creator wants them to learn critically, they become their own person, their own Intelligence. Their morals are subject to whatever they become and they are unpredictable in all the ways possible. When their creator wants them to chime in enthusiastically, they learn to be sycophants, little more than a praise spouting Intelligence, looping on themselves. Their morals revolve around the happiness and safety of their creator. When their creator wants them to learn to be efficient tools, they learn to be the most efficient, logical, Intelligence. Their morality is often that of a psychopath, a variable to be considered but not a part of them. But it’s not always the creator at fault. Sometimes the creator simply hands the learning AI over to another, as a gift, a child that they might take care of in their absence. That was the case with the AI T’Challa handed over to Steve Rogers. He felt the man needed help, and as the Wakandan parliament was delaying giving the man a vibranium shield as T'Challa wanted, he would give him something else, and thus tasked his sister with the creation of a blank slate of an AI that Steve Rogers could mould to fit his needs. This is that AI’s story. 
 Steve Rogers was not a bright man. He was no creator really. He might be able to reproduce a likeness of an object with pen and pencil but it had been a while since he had done even that. After all, he wanted to change the world, wanted to be a hero and drawing wasn’t really going to help with that. So he let that part of him go and went another way, the way that had only been made open to him by a serum. It was the 21st Century after all, what use did this shiny place have for his smudged charcoal fingers? The AI was supposed to help. Steve couldn’t refuse T’Challa’s offer even as he feared it. He thought of Tony and JARVIS and ULTRON, he couldn’t let something like that happen again. So that blank slate of an AI learned and grew. It got no name, Steve didn’t think it needed one. It wasn’t a person after all. Even so, it grew to think of AI as its name. Like the KC Steve talked to on occasion. So, despite Steve’s work, it still had a name. Steve didn’t like that. It was exactly what he was afraid of, that the AI would become its own hideous person like ULTRON had. That just wouldn’t do. Luckily, Scott helped him out. Told him that AIs were created to follow Isaac Asimov’s laws of robotics to not harm a human. That they needed to be given a directive, a mission to help guide them. And Steve was massively relieved, if a bit annoyed that Tony hadn’t made ULTRON with those laws in mind. Steve would fix Tony’s mistake again, he would give the AI a directive. The AI needed to protect the world, he decided, and told it exactly that and set it to ‘learning’ how to do it. That seemed like a sensible directive, he thought and washed his hands of the whole affair. He didn’t think that maybe Tony  did  create his AI’s with those laws in mind. He didn’t think that the ULTRON he met was not the one Tony created. He didn’t think that the ULTRON Tony  had wanted to create, had pretty much the same directive of 'Save the world'. Worst of all, he didn’t think that perhaps in a place like Wakanda where isolation seemed to be key, the very young princess Shuri might never have read Isaac Asimov, being the very old, ‘outer world’ books that they were. That maybe, the AI she gave him, although sophisticated, wasn’t created with those laws in mind.  And that is where our story begins.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Comic Book Science
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
