Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text

Peter hasn’t had a full night of sleep in what seems like a month. Two fifty percent essays, a dude with a fish bowl for a head calling himself Mysterio wreaking hallucinogenic havoc on his city, an impending heat and an overly enthusiastic best friend overly enthused about his new computer rig tended to do that to a person. 
 
He’s beyond tired and the frankly worrying amount of energy drinks he’s drank in the last week are having a detrimental effect on his physical and mental abilities, and honestly it’s kind of a miracle that Peter’s still standing at this point. The fact is, he isn’t running on even half of his normal cylinders when he finally realises that this isn’t the way to the subway from Ned’s place, and it’s past midnight on a Friday night and he’s kind of really lost. 
 
“Shit,” he mutters and searches his pockets for his phone, swiping it open and squinting down at the cracked bright screen showing Stark Maps. He can’t make heads or tails of the streets around where the GPS shows he is, and he’s really fucking glad that he decided that tonight New York could fend for itself and spent most of the night getting his butt kicked on League at Ned’s, because he’s definitely in no state to be swinging more than one hundred feet up above the street if he can’t read a simple map. 
 
A small tingle sparks down his spine and he looks up from his phone just in time to see a big guy in a black jacket stepping up next to him. Peter just stops himself from jumping up onto the wall of the building next to him in fright, but the split second he takes to consciously stop himself let's the guy swing up an arm around his shoulders. 
 
Peter frowns and tries to shrug away from the arm, wrinkling his nose at the pungent Alpha smell that wafts off of the guy, hugging his phone to his chest. “Uh, dude, what are you doing?”
 
The guy tightens his hold and smiles at Peter with yellow teeth. “Hey, I was just being a good citizen and all that, seeing a pretty Omega like you looking all lost and alone on a dark street, figured I’ll help you find your way.”
 
Gritting his teeth, Peter yanks himself away, “I’m not lost,” he snaps.
 
“Uh huh,” the guy says condescendingly, “and Trump’s not the President. Come on baby, let me help you.”
 
“No way,” Peter’s not stupid, he’s not one of those empty headed Omega’s who’ll trust any Alpha on the street to treat him well and keep him safe, he’s seen the statistics on how many Omegas get sexually assaulted by Alphas every year. Spidey’s even stopped a couple attacks himself, and there’s absolutely no way that this guy with a nose that’s been broken a couple times means him well. 
 
“I’m meeting a friend soon, anyway,” he tries, hoping the guy will leave him alone.
 
Crooked-nose guy makes a show of looking around the street, and Peter glances around as well, cursing internally when he doesn’t see anybody else around. He could just Spider-Man his way out of this, he’s undoubtedly stronger than this bull headed egotistical Alpha by miles, but he’s kind of leery doing anything super when he’s Peter and not Spidey, and to tell the truth he’s not sure if he’s got the capacity at the moment to curb his strength and not accidentally crush this dude’s skull. 
 
“Well I don’t see nobody, come on, don’t lie baby, don’t you want some help?” The guy goes to wrap an arm around him again. 
 
Peter takes another step back, baring his teeth. “No, leave me alone.”
 
“Aw, don’t be like that,” and Peter can tell that big, tall and ugly is getting angry by the scowl on his face, so he turns on his heel and makes a break for it. He can easily outrun the guy without looking suspiciously super. 
 
His Spidey senses are seriously malfunctioning from lack of sleep because he doesn’t even get a tingle until he’s basically whacking into another guy stepping out of the alley in front of him, and he yelps and tries to backpedal, phone clattering to the ground as he staggers back. A sharp warning zaps down his spine but 

too late

, there’s a hand gripping back of his neck and Peter can only whimper “

no

,” as his limbs go limp as a newborn kitten. 
 
“I tried to be nice,” Crooked-nose breathes into ear as he drags Peter’s body into the alley, and Peter would be usually rolling his eyes at this point at how cliche this is, but honestly he’s far too terrified at the moment to do so because the guy isn’t letting go of the pressure points at the back of his neck where only his 

mate

 should grip, and he really wants to vomit at the violation and also punch something preferably squishy but he 

can’t

 because as long as that grip is in place, he’s not going to be moving at all, let alone fighting his way out of this. 
 
The other guy follows them in and grabs Peter’s chin, yanking his face up to inspect. Peter’s Spidey-senses at this point are going insane, jangling up and down his spine at record speeds and making him whine helplessly in the back of his throat. Oh god, he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Peter's 18
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Wade Wilson's a good guy
and also kind of confused
Mysterio's a dick
he'll pop up in this a little later though
the plot doesn't really start till chapter four
if you can call it a plot
it's mostly these two dorks falling in love
peter needs to sleep more
peter's super stressed and needs to take a break
but he doesn't because he's spider-man and has a guilt complex the size of russia
wade is concerned
featuring Peter's size kink
soft!Dom Wade
sleepy precious Petey
OC warning - but only some baddies
the smallest amount of daddy kink
low-key sugar daddy wade
Kidnapping
really not slow burn
haha - Freeform
Mentions of Suicide
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Multiple Orgasms
Knotting
demanding peter
a whole lotta sexing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

