Work Text:
Bucky knew Steve was sweet on him.He figured it was natural, kind of—well, not natural, but he and Steve spent a lot of time together, and Steve didn’t get so much attention from girls, which was a crying shame because he was a good guy and a girl could do a lot worse. But it meant maybe Steve got a bit confused, because sometimes he would look at Bucky with this look. This bright, astonished look, like he was seeing something so good he couldn’t quite believe it was real. It made Bucky squirm inside, a little.He never said anything about it because that would be cruel. It was obvious Steve didn’t mean to get caught looking. Steve was a bit soft about him, and that was okay; one day Steve would meet a girl who treated him right and then he’d forget all about it. Bucky didn’t think Steve was queer that way, not really. He never looked at any other guy the way he looked at Bucky—or, no, he wouldn’t, would he, the point was that he didn’t look at other guys the way he looked at girls sometimes and then blushed about if Bucky teased him after.So Bucky never said anything about it, and he never did anything about it either. He wasn’t that much of a heel. He did it with guys, sometimes, but he wasn’t queer that way either, not really; he didn’t kiss them or bring them flowers, didn’t go dancing with men dressed up in skirts and stockings, didn’t act like it was real. Sometimes you just wanted something quick and easy and no questions asked, and with these guys you didn’t have to pretend you were gonna take them down the aisle after. That was all.The kinds of guys Bucky did it with weren’t anything like Steve anyway. If he’d had to say he would’ve guessed he liked them kind of big, brawny, so they could push him around a little; that could be fun. Not that he did it often enough to really have a preference—it wasn’t like with girls, where he could say he liked them yellow-haired and curvy with a good smile. He hadn’t thought about it that much.Anyway, not like Steve, was the point.Doing it with Steve would be more like doing it with a girl, probably, just because Steve was so much smaller than him, and fragile, and needed taking care of. And Steve was sweet on him, which the tough guys he did it with now and again never were. Girls got sweet on you. But Bucky didn’t want Steve to be his girl.They neither of them ever said anything about it except once, one time when Bucky came home drunk as a skunk from a dance and started peeling off his clothes right there in the middle of the room. He wasn’t doing it to be looked at, but when he glanced up and caught Steve’s eye Steve was looking, with that soft bright look. The squirming started up in Bucky’s stomach at once, uncomfortable as hell, and because he was drunk it seemed like a good idea to tug his undershirt off over his head and stretch, give Steve something to look at if he liked it so much.When he caught Steve’s eye again Steve was red to his hairline, an unhappy twist to his mouth, but he didn’t look away, not right off, because Steve was as brave as a lion. Instead he looked Bucky square in the eye and said, “Teasing’s not nice, Bucky.”Bucky immediately felt ashamed of himself. He looked away, and by the time he’d worked up the courage to apologize, Steve had got up and gone to bed.Steve didn’t bring it up in the morning, so neither did he.
_There was the war, and there was finding out what war actually meant. There was Zola’s lab in the HYDRA base. And then, insanely, unbelievably, a golden miracle out of the dark, there was Steve.By the time Bucky got somewhere that would sell him a drink he was mostly sure he wasn’t dead or dreaming, though he still hadn’t quite ruled out ‘crazy’. Steve was here. Steve was in Europe. Steve was in the war, and Steve had saved his life when he’d just about resigned himself to never getting off that table in Zola’s lab ever again, and most importantly Steve was the size of a goddamn ox.That was the bit he kept getting stuck on. He could believe Steve stubborning himself all the way to the front, he could believe Steve mounting a lunatic solo rescue mission behind enemy lines—both of those things were Steve all over—but Steve being bigger than him was the whole world upside down. If Steve was bigger than him, something black and bitter said in the back of his head, then what was he even for?He couldn’t remember what he was drinking. He took a big gulp of it anyway.That was the evening he met Peggy Carter for the first time. Gorgeous Peggy Carter with a bulldog look in her eye, wearing a red dress that caught every eye in the room. She looked at Bucky and dismissed him in a heartbeat. She wasn’t the first girl ever to do that, but no one had ever done it in front of Steve, let alone in favor of Steve. With Steve in the room Bucky might have been invisible as far as Peggy Carter was concerned, and she wasn’t afraid to let him know it.Steve stammered and stuttered his way through a conversation with her, pink on his che
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pining
Bisexual Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

