Work Text:
.0.This whole situation was going downhill and fast. It was supposed to be a routine track ‘em down, take ‘em out job but somehow ended up in this no name, no talent villain’s hideout made of adamantium and gamma suppressing energy fields, and where he got those Tony would never know. So they were trapped, Hulk-less, and on their way to a messy, undignified death if the way this guy was talking about death by acid was any indication. Embarrassment was not a strong enough word for the emotion coursing through Tony Stark at that moment, his slightly dented ego taken down another notch at how flippantly the guy explained how his idea came from a chat room thats sole purpose was to discuss effective ways to take out the Avengers.So here they were, trapped in a 12 by 10 cell, dealing with the situation in the ways they knew best. Thor was pacing like a caged lion (which was honestly making Tony nervous), Bruce sitting in a corner meditating or breathing or silently shouting his mixed feeling on the Hulk being suppressed (Tony took a minute to make a mental note to have a talk with his favorite Science Bro about his self-esteem issues…again), and Steve, Clint and Natasha were all trying to subtly look for flaws in the structure of the cage which really just made them look ridiculous. And then there was Tony, pressed against the corner of the cell, eyeing their captor and taking in the small things. The way the man’s eyes lingered on Tony a bit longer than the rest, the way his eyes roamed and his tongue would dart out to wet his lips, the way his hands twitched. And most importantly the set of key cards attached to his belt loop that just screamed ‘we open everything!’.It was then and there that Tony knew what he had to do, damned be the consequences. He would have talked the plan over with the others had their captor not been in the room but seeing as he was all but out right staring at Tony, the up front, off the cuff plan of attack was the way to go. So Tony braced himself, put on his best come hither face, and got to work.“See something you like?” he asked, smiling coyly. The man looked a bit surprised that he had spoken but didn’t answer, so Tony continued. “I’ve been watching you watch me this whole time. And I have to say it’s been getting to me, if you know what I mean.”He pressed further against the glass that separated them and bit at his lip giving the man his best sultry bedroom eyes. He could hear Thor stop pacing behind him and the weight of the teams gaze on his back but simple ignored it in favor of fluttering his eyelashes. He knew this game better than anyone he’d ever met, Natasha included, and could lay it on thick with the best of them. Though it didn’t help the slight twinge of shame he felt. He and Steve had just gotten on slightly more than friendly terms and here Tony was ruining it (for their greater good, keep that in mind) with his Little Miss Sex Kitten act.He gave himself a mental head shake, pushing those feelings back and bringing himself back to the problem at hand. ‘Eyes on the prize.’ He told himself.  ‘Eyes on the key-card prize.’Their captor seemed slightly more interested now, eyes freely roaming Tony’s body, not even bother to hide it any more, a lecherous grin splitting his lips. When his eyes snapped back up to Tony’s he knew his plan was one step away from being in full throttle. Now was the time to pull out all the stops.‘Can’t turn back now. Let’s just hope I can look myself in the eye and say it was worth it.’“How about you let me out of this cage and I’ll show you just how much it’s been getting to me.” He practically purred, tilting his head a little to the left and pursed his lips into his best fuck-me pout. The man seemed to hesitate slightly, grin sliding off a little before Tony pushed more, laying it on thicker. “You can bend me over that table and fuck me so hard I’ll feel you for a week, minimum.”The man looks thoughtful for a moment, eyes narrowed on Tony in obvious want before darting to the rest of the Team who had gone oddly silent. Tony doesn’t have to see them to know they’re disappointed. To know that he’s living up to every horrible expectation they have of him. All his hard earned months of celibacy and straight-lacedness ruined in a little under 5 minutes. If he weren’t so focused on the task at hand he would congratulate himself on beating his personal record. But he’s focused and that’s all that matters, the second guesses and self-deprecation are taking a back seat for the moment.“What about the rest of your team?” The guy asks, waving his gun at the others.“What about ‘em? They can watch. Like dinner and a show, just without the dinner.” Tony smiles again, his mouth running on auto-pilot. “It doesn’t matter to me either way. The only thing that matters is you fucking me, hard.”That seemed to do the trick. The man’s hesitance vanished and he has Tony out of the cell and bent over the table in record time. The sounds of his teammate cursi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
OMC/Tony Stark

freeform: 
dub-con
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Slight Spanking
Tony is a self sacrificing idiot
but the team loves him any way
especially Steve
Possessive Steve Rogers
Slight Tony!angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
OMC/Tony Stark

