Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Toni Stark wanted to cry. She had been awake for nearly 48 hours and had finally just made it to her cozy bed when Friday had told her that she had a visitor at her door. With a bone rattling groan, the genius sat up and had briefly debated on putting on pants. It did not take her long to say fuck that. If one of the Rogues had decided to come bother HER at 2 am then they would get to see her wearing nothing but an old shirt and her favorite pair of underwear. Pants be damned. Toni all but ripped the door to her room open, a snarl on her lips when she froze. Standing in the dimly lit hallway was one James “Bucky” Barnes. He was shirtless, metal arm still missing and sweatpants hung low on his hips. Only what through the Stark for a loop was his eyes. Ever since the Rogues had been called home to the Compound, Bucky had always avoided her gaze. To the point if she even caught a glimpse of his grey eyes they were full of remorse and guilt. But now, they were red rimmed and he had tear tracks going down his face. His hair was a wreck and even in the dim light Toni could see deep bags under his eyes.She watched as he shifted his weight, swallowing. “Stark...I…”Toni felt something shift in her heart at the man. She had no idea what but staring at him like this brought a new perspective of their resident freeze-and-play murderdoll. Without a word, the brunette moved so she had the door open and he could see into her room. “Wanna come in?”He gave her a look that was a mix of relief and fear. Slowly, he took a step forward before rushing into the dark room. Toni closed the door with a quiet click. Her brown eyes watched as he stood quietly in the center of the room before moving to sit on the floor with his bad shoulder pressed up against the dresser. Swallowing a sigh, Toni came up to sit on the floor next to him. Close enough to feel his body heat but not touching. She had seen the minute flinches everytime Rogers or Wilson gave him a clap on the shoulder or whenever Romanov would touch his arm. Seemed like the only other person who saw this was Rhodey and even then he would give Toni a side eye over it. Barnes brought his knees up to his chest, pressing his bad shoulder into the wood of Toni’s dresser. It did not take a genius to figure out that Barnes had either a nightmare or a panic attack and was hiding out in Toni’s room. Her eyes tracked his movements for a solid minute before she let out a sigh. Stretching her feet out, she couldn’t help but wiggle her toes as she spoke.“You know, I hate swimming.” Barnes froze and turned his head to look at her. “What?”Toni didn’t even look at him. Instead she let her head thunk against the wall as she stared up at the ceiling. “Yep. Hate pools now. Hell even taking a bath makes me panic. Can’t do deep water anymore. Not since Afghanistan.”Silence fell on the two of them. Barnes simply stared at her for a few moments before turning his head to look at her bed. “I hate hot chocolate.”Toni bit back a grin. Seemed like Barnes had caught on to what this topic of conversation was. “Hot chocolate huh?”He let out a wet chuckle, “Yeah. Rogers makes it every time I have a nightmare or just can’t sleep. Can’t fucking stand it.”Okay that makes sense to Toni. Letting her head roll, her brown eyes flickered up Barnes’s form. The really fake Brooklyn accent he had taken whenever the Rogues were around was gone. Instead a very faint Russian took onto his words. To her, he felt more real than when he was around the others. Toni decided to let that bit be. Instead she spoke again.“I hate saying the word no. It ties into the whole no more water thing. Pepper and Rhodey caught on about six months after I came back. Jarvis had ratted me out after a four day engineering binge that I had put myself in.”Barnes let his own head thunk against the wall. “Can’t stand when people sit next to my bad arm. I feel like I get caged in.”“I will legit leave the room if someone tries to put their arm over the back of the couch while I am sitting on it.” Toni told him, rubbing her foot against the carpet.Barnes turned his head to look at her. “Can I ask why?”Toni bit her lip. Her hand came up to press against the arc reactor that glowed from under her shirt. “It happened because of Stane. Back when I still had the older model. He had put me in a miniature form of paralysis and had sat next to me on the couch. He had thrown his arm over the back of it as he literally ripped my heart out of my chest.”Barnes sucked in a breath. She flicked her eyes at him for a brief second and went back to staring at the ceiling. What Barnes did next shocked her and will still make her wonder what possessed him to brush his good arm against her shoulder. They sat there for a few more minutes in the quiet until Barnes spoke again. “I hate the name Bucky.”That got Toni to giggle. “Oh thank god I thought I was the only one who hated that name.”Barnes had a small smile on his lips as he turned to look a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Natasha Romanov/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Will forever be salty over CACW
Female Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Rhodey needs a vacation
I hate what they did to Wanda but I can't help but hate her
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
I felt like this needed to be said
The Steve/Tony thing happened once.
Past Relations
Russian Bucky Barnes
He is just really bad at sex
Extremis Pepper Potts
Let them bitches burn
Clint realized he is a dick and fixes it
not a revenge fic but sorta is?
dad bucky
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Bucky Barnes
Peter gets basically adopted
Protective Bucky Barnes
Domestic Fluff
Thor is Team Iron Man
fight me on this
Bruce Banner is disappointed in you
One-Sided Attraction
Wanda gets her feelings hurt
Kissing
Masturbation
The Guardians hath arrived
Rocket meets Bucky
Bucky is salty af
Protective Bucky
Yondu Lives
meet me in the pit
The Guardians are Salty AF
Tony Stark Protection Squad
The Guardians are Team Iron Man
fight me
Wanda loses her shit
Yep I went there
again meet me in the pit
Spoliers in the Tag
Natasha finally gets her wish

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Natasha Romanov/Original Male Character(s)

