Work Text:
Bucky spends a whole four days being mad at Steve. He’s not a brat by nature, especially since they started doing their whole 24/7 schtick, so he tries hard to keep the level of his displeasure hidden. Instead of biting remarks or disobedience he just tries to avoid Steve, lingering in lonely corners and huddling at the opposite end of the couch, glaring at the floor instead of Steve, embracing tight-lipped, sullen silences and grunts instead of verbal answers.Steve allows it, since (even though he’ll never admit it) he does feel guilty. Bucky’s his, but Steve’s still overstepped a boundary, even if he hadn’t meant to. He’d had a cup or two of Thor’s mead, had found Bucky’s browser history and, unable to help himself, had gone to town investigating the porn that Bucky liked to watch. He’d thought he’d known what he would find, and for the most part he had. Bucky liked whips and floggers and paddles, chains and handcuffs and collars, bossy dominant partners and pliant, submissive partners. But he also apparently liked straightjackets and sleep sacks, cock cages and sounds, fist mitts and obstructing hoods and diapers. Steve had been shocked, and that’s not something he thought he could be with Bucky anymore. Bucky was a degenerate pervert and so was Steve, but he’d thought he’d had a pretty good handle on what kind of perverts they were. Not entirely, it would seem.He knows he has to ask him about it, but given that he feels incredibly guilty for violating the one smidgeon of privacy Bucky’s actually allowed these days, Steve puts the inevitable confrontation on the backburner. Four days after Bucky walked into the living room and caught Steve sifting through his personal online porn collection, Steve makes them Bucky’s favorite meal for dinner and serves it to a still-sulking Bucky on the couch. Steve, having agonized about how to make this go well (or at least not disastrously), decides to take a seat on the floor and use the coffee table to eat off of. This places him lower than Bucky, which is a start. He puts the television onto some inane program about UFOs and sets the volume to very low. Background noise. He eats his pasta and thinks about what he’ll say first. He doesn’t expect Bucky to come around right away.“So, I’ve been thinking about it a lot, since Monday,” he says lightly, intonating the words as innocuously as if he were remarking on the weather. “And first off I know I owe you an apology.”Bucky pauses in his eating, fork held mid-air for a moment before he continues. He doesn’t say anything or look Steve’s way, but Steve can tell that he’s listening. There’s no pissy grunt or shift to get off the couch and leave the room, so Steve takes that as a silent go on. He does. “I’m sorry I violated your privacy like that Buck. It was wrong of me and you didn’t deserve it.”Bucky huffs quietly, and Steve knows it’s his way of keeping himself from saying something like damn right, out loud.“I’ll have to do something else special for you, coming up, to make up for it, but for now I want to talk to you about what I saw. I want to have a conversation about it. Can you do that with me?” Again, Bucky doesn’t speak. Steve can tell from the pinch on his face, from the light color on his cheeks, that he’s embarrassed. Steve’d figured that much. Bucky’s the one in their relationship who has no shame in bringing up what he likes or wants to try. Steve’s the one who constantly works things out of proportion in his head, who kink-shames himself. So the second Steve realized that Bucky had been fantasizing about this… stuff, had been watching this kind of porn, and hadn’t brought it up to him? Well he’d known straight away that he must be embarrassed of it. “You might be surprised to hear that I’ve already seen most of that stuff,” Steve tells him—again, mildly. He’d had quite the abrupt and all-encompassing education in all things kink back when he’d first discovered Bucky, out in the city being beaten to a pulp. He’d watched all the porn, indiscriminate and ignorant as to how to filter a search. “So you don’t have to explain what any of it actually is. I know.”For the first time, Bucky looks over at Steve. His eyes are narrowed and they flick around nervously, but he looks at him, at least. “Okay,” he says, another unspoken go on.Steve sighs. “Well obviously we haven’t done any of that. I don’t have anything like that in the dungeon.” He purposefully uses Bucky’s term of ‘dungeon’ in a tiny show of openness. He wants Bucky to see that he’s being open-minded, right now; that he’s going to try to see this from Bucky’s point of view and hopefully give him what he needs. That’s been Steve’s life-purpose, these past few years. Just doing anything and everything to make Bucky happy. He’d give him the moon, if he could. Short of the moon though, he’s made due with the whips and chains stuff. “We have a hood,” Bucky points out, referring to the padded sensory-deprivation hood that’s never made it out of the dr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BDSM
Kink Negotiation
Total Power Exchange
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Humiliation kink
Self-Kink Shaming
Bondage
Sensory Deprivation
Sex Toys
Cock Warming
Gags
Cock Cages
Dirty Talk
Diapers
Helplessness Kink
Prostate Milking
kink and love
Communication
Dom/sub
Heavy Bondage
Straight jackets
Sleep Sacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

