Work Text:

 Sunday Night. 
Tony and Peter are sitting in the common room of the Avenger's compound watching a movie when Peter starts up a conversation."Tony...?" The kid starts, unsure, still not used to calling his mentor/newly designated father figure by his first name. Tony's lips quirk up in a small smile and he looks over at him, humming to show he's paying attention. "I... well I was just wondering- and you totally don't have to say yes, I just thought-"Tony rolls his eyes good naturedly, "Spit it out kid."Peter startles and sits up straighter, nodding. "R-right sorry! I just.. Do you think we could do a tour here for the- the Decathlon team?" Peter fidgets nervously in his seat, not making eye contact with the Stark beside him. "They're all nerds like me and would die for a chance to see this place.."Tony shrugs, thinking for a moment. "I don't see why not."Peter lets out a silent breath of relief and surprise, and looks up at Tony with excited eyes. "R-really?"Tony smiles down at his kid and ruffles the boy's hair. "Sure Pete, I'll get Pepper to sort out the details."A giant smile breaks out on Peter's face and he projects himself into Tony's lap, hugging him fiercely. "Thank you thank you thank you!" He repeats, hugging him tighter. Tony laughs and hugs him back, albeit a bit out of breath."Careful kid, don't go damaging Government Property," Tony winks playfully as Peter pulls away from the hug. Peter snickers and shakes his head. "Never." ... 
 Tuesday After School. 
Mr. Harrington halts them as they start to pack up. "Hang on everyone, I've got some exciting news!" Harrington being excited? That's a first. "This Friday we're going on a field trip to the Avenger's Compound! I've got the permission slips here on the table, so make sure to get it signed and bring it back in by Thursday." He says, gesturing to the stack of papers.Everyone starts talking excitedly to the person nearest to them, excluding MJ who just continues packing away her things."Peter! Isn't this so cool? Now I get to see where you spend the weekend!" Ned whisper-yells excitedly to his friend as they pack up. Peter nods, a smile on his face."Yeah, I know right? I asked him like a week ago, and honestly wasn't expecting him to say yes." Peter says, pulling his arms through the loops on his backpack. Ned audibly gasps, his eyes lighting up further- if that was possible."You mean you asked him?" Ned says giddily, bouncing on the balls of his feet. Peter nods as they walk to the table to collect their slip. "Dude that's so cool! Do you think the Avenger's will be there?" Peter shrugs. "Do you think Black Widow will sign my Collector Cards?"Peter goes to respond but Flash interrupts him, "And now we'll all see how you've been lying this whole time Peter!" He sneers. MJ smacks him upside the head and he yelps."Shut up Flash." She says monotone and walks away. Flash growls at him and then walks out of the room, paper in hand. Peter an Ned start walking to the door when Mr. Harrington calls Peter back."Did you want me to wait?" Ned asks, pointing at the door. Peter shakes his head with a smile, "Nah it's fine. See you tomorrow, Ned." Ned says a quick goodbye and then leaves the room.Peter walks over to his teacher as the other kids file out, chattering loudly to each other."Peter, I know that you've been spreading some rumours about you being an intern for Tony Stark, and I haven't said anything.. But I really don't think you should be using Mr. Stark as a way to gain popularity." Mr. Harrington says seriously, adjusting his glasses."W-what? But I'm not-""I'm not looking for an excuse Peter. I just want you to know that we can't tolerate those kinds of lies here, and I'll have to bring it up with the principal if this continues." Mr. Harrington informs him.Peter blinks and goes to speak but thinks better of it and keeps his mouth shut, opting to nod instead.Mr. Harrington nods once and claps his hands together. "Right, well, make sure your aunt signs the slip and you bring it in by Thursday, okay?" Peter freezes at the mention of his aunt, but nods and looks away, itching to get out of there. "Alright, stay out of trouble Peter." "Will do, sir." Peter replies and quickly exits the room, ready to go back to the compound and sleep for fourteen hours. ... 
 Later: Tuesday Evening 
Peter walks into Pepper's office and takes a seat, staying silent as Pepper finishes up her phone call."Of course, Mr. Johnson. Have a good day, goodbye." Pepper says and hangs up the call, smiling at Peter tiredly. "Hey sweetie, how was school?" Peter grins and starts talking about his day as she listens intently, nodding and responding whenever appropriate."And then Mr. Harrington announced that we're going on a field trip- here! And-" Peter puts the sheet of paper on the table between them. "-I need to get this slip signed, and I would ask d- Tony, but they'd see the signature and then accuse me of forging it.." Pepper smiles and picks up a pen, signing her n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker goes on a trip to Stark Industries
something goes wrong
Identity Reveal
Peter is Spider-Man
revealed
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter has a PTSD attack
be careful
He also has claustrophobia from that scene
Also yes I'm doing another elevator scene
don't come for me
Can we just forget about Civil War please?
I just want my children to get along and be happy
no aunt may
sorry she's dead
Bullying
implied sexual favours
of a minor
School Trip
Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

