Work Text:
The day after Peter swooped in and took Harry away from the mean old board members, they meet up again. This time, Harry's knocking on the Parkers' doorstep, holding a box and a bouquet of flowers. He's wearing a white shirt and black pants, a jacket hanging on his arm. Peter freezes for a moment, because right now, Harry looks so much like the kid who bailed on his driver and his limousine so he could use the extra skateboard Peter brought for him. Harry looks like the punk who would groan even louder than he would whenever Aunt May forced a third helping on their plates because look at you boys, you're both so skinny!"Are you gonna let me in?" Harry says, his lips curling into a smirk."Oh." Peter steps back awkwardly, letting Harry pass. "Sorry.""Is your Aunt May in?" Harry says, looking around the living room. He isn't wearing his sunglasses today, so Peter can see how his eyes are azure blue in the dim light."No. She’s at work, but she'll be back by seven." Peter grins. "Why, you hungry already?""Well, I haven't had anyone to fatten me up these past eight years."Harry reaches up to open a cabinet, only to find that he can't reach the top shelf where the vase is, so he glares at Peter until he stops laughing and comes to help."I guess now we know why I got taller than you," Peter says smugly. “Aunt May made it her mission to get me to drink three glasses of milk a day until I was thirteen.”"Shut up. I'm delightfully compact. Ask all the supermodels I've been with."Harry snorts when Peter punches his arm lightly."All right, all right. I believe you, Young Master Osborn," Peter says, raising his hands in surrender. "Now, come on. Wii?""As long as I get to tackle you to the ground if I lose," Harry says. "Which I won't."Peter rolls his eyes. "You really haven't changed a bit, you know?"Harry all but beams. "Good."Before Aunt May gets home, Harry manages to get Peter in a headlock a grand total of three times.  The next day, Peter texts Harry at five in the morning. He's been up all night, staring at his wall, trying to make sense of his dad's stuff. He's running on six cups of coffee and a whole box of pizza, and he should be so so tired, except he isn't. 
oi, osborn. breakfast?
He doesn't receive a reply until six o' clock, and at that point, he's taken a break from his dad and Oscorp and Roosevelt. He’s spent the last ten minutes laughing his ass off, replaying a video of this Russian guy freaking out while trying a roller coaster demo for Oculus Rift.
oh god, can we please have fast food
Peter laughs.
mcdonald's? or taco bell?

taco bell pls

i'll meet you at eight.

let's make it brunch at 10. take a nap, peter
Peter rolls his eyes, doesn't bother replying because Harry's probably nodding off to sleep again. He follows Harry's advice and sets an alarm for nine o' clock. When he wakes up, he definitely doesn’t expect Harry to already be downstairs, helping Aunt May with the laundry. The sneaky bastard."I thought we were going out," Peter says, staring at the mountain of burritos and tacos on the table."We are. Later. You're gonna take me to Pizza Hut and Mcdonald's and In-N-Out all the gross fast food restaurants there are out there," Harry says, his tone matter-of-fact."You boys are just asking for indigestion," Aunt May tuts. She pats Harry's hand and shoos him away. "You eat your breakfast now. I'll finish up here.""So, Parker. What kept you up all night?" Harry asks, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively."Skyping with my secret supermodel girlfriend," Peter deadpans."Ah. Same as me, then," Harry says, grinning as he bites into his burrito."Asshole," Peter mutters under his breath, rolling his eyes."Aunt May, Peter said a bad word!" Harry flails in his seat, and god, if the paparazzi could see him now."Hey, now, don't include me in your little fights," Aunt May says."Yeah, she doesn't want to hurt your feelings by siding with her favorite nephew. And don't talk with your mouth full," Peter says, stifling his laughter."Hey, I'm allowed to be disgusting with my bestfriend." Harry shrugs."See if you still call me your bestfriend when we get stomachaches later.""We are not going to get stomachaches!"Sorry to say, they do. They throw themselves on Peter's bed, clutching their stomachs and groaning incoherently until Aunt May takes pity on them and buys medicine. Harry still calls Peter his bestfriend because, as he says, Peter has the best aunt in the whole wide world ever.  The next day, Harry has another meeting, which means another batch of documents on his to-read list. Because he's Harry Osborn, the boy who could keep up with Nerdy Petey, he plans to finish all of them in one night. They aren't supposed to meet that day, but Peter surprises him by showing up in the Osborn Mansion at six o' clock, grinning like an idiot and carrying a huge tupperware container of food."Is that Aunt May's Special Spaghetti?" Harry says, and all he can do is stare in awe when Peter takes the lid off."With extra ho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

freeform: 
the paparazzi and their silliness
Everyone's happy
harry and peter don't do complicated
they get their happy ending yay
sorta - Freeform

fandom: 
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

