Work Text:
 It had been 4 weeks since Bucky Barnes had been pulled out of cryosleep because a cure for his triggers had been found. Four weeks since he got his mind back. Four weeks in which his therapist worked with him to make him healthy, to help him accept what he had done as the Winter Soldier and regret it without taking the blame for it. It was slow going but he was doing it nonetheless. That wasn't all he was doing. He was also advised to try and learn what the modern world was like. How it had changed beyond the guns and ammunition. Those changes he already knew of from his long stint as the Winter Soldier. No, he was busy learning about the rest. Or, he was trying. Steve was making it….difficult. He wanted to hang out all the time, which Bucky didn’t mind, but he also wanted to keep talking about the past, which Bucky did mind. He finally had hope for a life he could live, for a future he wanted to be a part of. It was difficult to think of it when all Steve wanted to talk about was Peggy, and the Howling Commandos and Erskine. After all, that was only a small part of their life. Bucky and many more memories of having to haul the waifish form of his friend from an alleyway where he'd been dumped after picking a fight with the big guys. He had more memories of his dates in Brooklyn than he did of Peggy Carter. Why Steve only wanted to talk about the war, he didn’t understand. It was annoying but Bucky let it be. Steve could try to monopolize his days all he wanted but at least Bucky’s night were his own. Sometimes he wished they weren’t, nightmares of the people he’d killed coming to him in his sleep but even that faded. On night when those faces were too clear, too accusing, Bucky did the homework his therapist and assigned him, caught up with the world. That day, he went into YouTube. He’d wanted to look up the science advancements the world had made but held himself back from that. Too many held the name Stark in the name and it was the faces attached to that name he was trying to avoid. He tried to venture into music but that proved to be a mistake when a thumping bass sound in a song reminded him of the Winter Soldier murdering a man in a club. Food, he decided. That should be neutral enough. He plowed through videos of recipes, of something called ‘cheese pull’, of people making giant versions of food, of them making miniature versions of it. Finally he arrived at a video of people just eating. He clicked on the one of ‘People try their fave childhood food’ in amusement.  “-This is not as good as I remembered it.” The man on the screen said, a few second before moving off screen to throw up. Bucky laughed. And then he stopped. Not as good as he remembered it.  Bucky doesn’t know why the words stay with him, but they do. And they keep playing in his mind when he talks to Steve.  ‘More like when he talks to you’, says the voice in the same tone as it says ‘Not as good as I remember it’. Dismissive,scoffing. Bucky wonders if it’s a remnant of the programming but his therapist tests him over the next week and says it’s not that. ‘Not as good as I remember it’, as Steve talks about Peggy once again. And then much to his surprise, the sentiment shows up again when Steve talks about the Accords, about Tony Stark, about SHIELD. After all, Bucky has no remembrance of these topics, does he? So he wonders, what exactly does he remember of his friend. And the more he thinks, the less he likes it. Because he remembers hauling the tiny frame of his friend from the alleyway. He also now remembers the friend going out of his way to pick a fight. He remembers consoling his friend after his mother died. He also now remembers the friend’s mother looking tired after working days and nights because her son’s fights had given her more bills than she could afford. And he thinks of this man, not so tiny anymore but not that different. And he thinks of Tony Stark and wonders. Does he have the same expression on his face from dealing with the aftermath of Steve’s righteous tirades? Does he wish he hadn’t gone easy on his friend and dealt with him the way those guys in the alley had? And he wonders with a chill in his blood, would it be him in Tony Stark’s place if he had been around? Would it be Bucky grimacing as he tried to make excuses for Steve? Would it be Bucky recovering from being beaten up because Steve had gotten into a fight, if it weren’t for him being HYDRA’s pet assassin? And now that Tony Stark had washed his hands of Steve, now that Bucky was free of his triggers, would he go back to being his best friend’s keeper? 'Not as good as I remembered', the voice said and Bucky winced. It was the truth that the voice was saying and he knew that now.  They’re going back to the States. T’Challa had worked something out and they were going ‘home’. Bucky didn’t feel like he was going home. The rest were excited but he wasn’t. Home had been a small apartment in Romania. And he was right to be wary. It wasn’t home, n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Resentment
Civil War Team Iron Man
Although Iron Man makes no appearance
Not Steve Friendly
POV Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

