Chapter 1



Notes:
This started as an anon request on tumblr, and when I said I wanted to expand it, I got an amazingly overwhelming response of people asking me to do so. Thanks to everyone who encouraged me <3Expect vague direction, little to no plot, and lots of Tony being Peter’s daddy. *wink* *wink*Title comes from "Fair Game" by Sia

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It had always been important to Peter to succeed on his own, thus he always tried to complete his homework independently. But tonight he had been stuck on the same chem question for a half hour. The tip of his pencil had been chewed to shreds, and he was rapidly losing patience. On any other night, he likely could have come up with the solution; but he had smashed his phone earlier that day on the subway, and had dropped $100 on a replacement from Kijiji. Even though he paid for it himself, May still lectured him about his apparent “lack of responsibility.”Now it was pushing midnight, and all he wanted to do was collapse in bed. His fingers flew across the screen as he inputted Ned’s number as a new contact. His eyes struggled to stay open as he texted,  How did you solve number 5? He didn’t get an immediate reply, and Peter sighed and pushed off from his desk. When the new phone finally beeped, he was tugging on his pyjama pants. He paused in his stumbling dance to pull them on -- one foot still caught in the leg -- as he unlocked the screen.  Unfortunately, it was not a picture of Ned’s solution. Instead, all it said was,  What? “C'mon man, seriously?” Peter groaned as he trudged back to his desk, finger jabbing the screen in annoyance as he snapped a pic of the question sheet with his attempted solution. He explained in an accompanying text,  I know I'm doing something wrong but I can't figure it out. The reply came much quicker this time, and Peter sighed with relief as the solution appeared before his eyes. The elegant script should have been the first clue. The fact that it was on the back of a napkin the second. But he was tired, and failed to notice such details. You misplaced your decimal when converting degrees to Kelvin,  Ned explained.  Rookie mistake.  Gee, thanks,  Peter replied with a roll of his eyes.  Anything you need help with?  Yeah, who the fuck am I talking to, exactly?  came the heart-stopping reply. Peter's brand new (second-hand) phone slipped from his grip and tumbled to the floor. His sweaty hands fumbled to pick it back up, quickly glancing over the device for damage before checking the number he had dialled.Damn it, he had mis-entered Ned’s number. So who was this stranger that happened to know about chemistry? My name is Peter,  he replied politely.  Thank you for your help and sorry for bothering you. Goodnight. He decided it would make a funny anecdote in the morning; he and Ned would probably laugh over it in phys ed. Settling into bed, he turned off the ringer and placed his phone on his bedside table. But the overwhelming fatigue from before had somehow faded, and Peter found himself curiously peeking an eye open a few moments later. The indicator light was flashing.
 I'm bored out of my damn mind if you want to send me something else. 
Peter chewed his lip, debating just locking the screen and going to sleep. But as he scrolled up to the picture message, he noticed the glass of amber liquid in the far corner, and a row of drinks behind a counter in the background. Looks like you should be having fun, he typed back. He didn't know who the stranger was, just that they were obviously old enough to drink. And they had nice handwriting, he thought unhelpfully.
 Some stupid business party. How old are you? 
 18, Peter replied. The slight thrill of excitement he felt seemed childish, and he pressed his grin into his pillow even as he rolled his eyes at himself.
 Kid like you should have better things to do then texting a strange, old man past midnight. 
 How old? Peter shot back without a second thought. 48,  came the reply.  Old enough to be your father. Peter’s response was risky, and he had to look away as his thumb hit the send button.  Does that mean I should call you daddy? 
 Holy fuck, kid. I just spit out my fucking drink. 
Peter chuckled as he curled up on his side, cradling the phone a few inches from his face. It had been a long time since he flirted with anyone, and he was enjoying the harmless fun. If you're going to talk like that, I'm going to need to see who's on the other end, the stranger warned.Alright, maybe not so harmless after all. Peter chewed on the knuckle of his index finger as he considered it. He eventually decided,  You first. Plus your name. He was soon downloading another picture attachment, this time with a face instead of a chem problem. Peter's jaw dropped as the pixels formed into a dangerously handsome man with a crooked grin. A hint of grey peppered his dark hair and beard. He held up another napkin, which simply said, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
the accidental text au
First Meetings
Sugar Daddy
Daddy Kink
Age Difference
Aged-Up Peter Parker
(He's 18)
Coming Untouched
Praise Kink
Developing Relationship
First Time
Rimming
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Student Peter Parker
Loss of Virginity
Peter is a very reluctant sugar baby but Tony is trying to wear him down
Wrong Number AU

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

