Work Text:
 “Why spiders though, why not lizards?” Ned waved his pencil, nearly hitting Peter. “They regenerate limbs, you know? Or octopi? Or scorpions? Or even a rhino?” “Yeah, Lizard-Man just screams, ‘trust me,’ doesn’t it?” Peter joked. “Parker, Leeds, eyes up front.” “Sorry, Ms Warren!” the boys chorused. Ned resumed the conversation later, as they packed up at the teacher’s instructions. “Hey, arachnophobia’s no joke. It takes one 'wall-crawler' headline and next thing you know, people will call you a vigilante. I’m just saying, imagine, like,” Ned paused, considering. “Doctor Octopus. Now *that* sounds like a nice guy.” “Yeah, maybe. But then would I have to be underwater all the time?” “Oh yeah, maybe. Oh man, we should check if you can produce venom through your spit or something. What if you kiss someone and then kill them accidentally?” “…I don’t think that’s a thing.” “I’m just saying, better to know beforehand. We could make an antidote lip balm for you or something.” “Yeah, lip balm is really gonna help my rep around here.” “Don’t diss self care, man–” “Alright class, a notice before you’re done for the day,” Ms Warren called. She picked up a stack of papers from her desk and asked for them to be passed down. ‘SOPHOMORE CLASS FIELD TRIP’ screamed the paper. Peter cringed. School trips were…not so great for him. When they’d gone to Coney Island, he’d had a severe case of projectile vomiting and still had a visceral reaction to corndogs. The field trip to Oscorp had not exactly ended well. For him, for the spider, or for the company. Then, of course, he’d gotten trapped in that warehouse before the Decathlon. "This is your permission slip for our field trip this semester. Attendance is not mandatory but it’s free, it’s in the city and it’s a good opportunity so I strongly advise…" Peter tuned her out, heart beating fast as he read the notice. Stark Tower. That’s where they were going. He’d never been there, but he’d heard from Happy that the deal to sell it had been cancelled. This was amazing! He quickly sat up at the mention of his name. “Sorry, Ms Warren?” he ventured. His teacher sighed. “I was saying, Peter, that the first rule is don’t leave the group, which means you specifically.” The class tittered. “You had to leave midway at Coney Island, you wandered off at Oscorp, you apparently 'got lost' in Washington DC, and you even disappeared at Homecoming,” Ms Warren said disapprovingly. “Yes, ma’am. I mean no, ma’am. I mean I’ll stick to the group,” Peter grinned, and looked to Ned. Stark Tower! Ned shared his excitement. “This is going to be epic!” __  May wasn’t happy. “I dunno, Peter–” “Please, May! Mr Stark won’t even be there, I asked him! And it’s part of school, I’m not going as Spider-Man.” “You say that, but the minute you see anything happening from that tall tower, you’re gonna go off and superhero!” Peter laughed. “Are we making ‘superhero’ a verb now? But come on, please? I doubt we’ll go past the 40th floor anyway, and all you can see in Manhattan is other buildings. There’s tight security around, too. Mr Stark won't let anything happen to me, or anyone else! So if you think about it, I'm safer there than anywhere else...” he trailed off. “You’ve really never been there?” May sighed, putting her glasses on and reading the slip. “No, I’ve only seen the Compound, and that was months ago! Pleeeeease?” he smiled winningly. “No Spider-Man,” May warned. “Come on, May,” Peter puffed up, “I turned down being an Avenger for you–” “So you say!” May laughed, but she did end up signing the form. __ Karen, on the other hand, was thrilled. “You’ll meet FRIDAY,” she gushed. “I am her imprint.” “That’s so cool! Does she run the whole complex?” Peter asked, staring at the skyscraper and the accompanying South and North Buildings, which were just about visible from his vantage point. “Only the tower. The other buildings have their own AI’s that report to her.” “Do they have names too?” “Yes, Miss Potts named them. Jasper runs North Building, and Jocasta runs South.”  “That’s amazing. So, like,” Peter hunched forward, swinging his legs, “are they your siblings?” “You could say that,” Karen replied, after a short pause. Peter could be imagining it, but she seemed happy at the thought. “Are there a lot of you guys?” “JARVIS was the very first one, but he turned into the Vision. Then there’s VERONICA, who’s in charge of the Hulkbuster armour. HOMER runs the old mansion on Fifth Avenue…” __   The day of the field trip took forever to arrive. In the meantime, Peter had been dodging questions from enthusiastic classmates about his internship. “Have you ever met Tony Stark?” “Wait, will Tony Stark be there?” “Peter, can you ask him to get the Avengers with him?” “Are you gonna be our tour guide?” “Do you know any secret tunnels?” “Come on, you guys,” Flash had scoffed. “Are we still on this? Parker," he had said, putting his arm around Peter, "people lie for attention, it’s okay. Just admit you were lyi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Stark Tower
could be read as Peter/Harry if you ship that
Peter's SI field trip
Harry is only mentioned
sorry about that

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

