Chapter 1: Making Amends, Making Mistakes
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Wanda bit her lip in concentration as she tried to use her powers to sort out the tangled mass of I-beams left behind when the Hulk and Hulkbuster armor had crashed through the Johannesburg construction site a year earlier.  Tony had purchased the property during the fight to mitigate the fallout from trashing it and now, a year later, it had been decided that the site would be used as the home of a new Enhanced Outreach center.“Watch what you’re lifting it over,” May stated critically.  “You have to think about what you’d be dropping it on if something goes wrong.  Especially when you’re testing your limits.” Wanda nodded without taking her eyes off of the load she was lifting.  Pietro dashed around the perimeter of the site, in his wake the smaller debris simply seemed to vanish only to reappear into a rapidly filling dumpster.  Sam kept an eye on Pietro’s progress while scouting the site from the air, looking for more other opportunities for the fifteen year old twins to exercise their powers. A quinjet landed in an already cleared quadrant of the site and Steve Rogers walked down the ramp.  “Stay aware of your surroundings,” May reiterated to Wanda then walked over to meet Steve.  “Thanks for coming on such short notice,” she said.  “The South African government won’t approve the twins in their territory without each of them having a minder and most of the team is tied up with the UN summit.”“It’s no problem,” Steve replied.  “This is a big step for the twins, the first time they’ve been able to use their powers out in the world in a positive way.  I’m happy to be a part of it.  Besides, I might not have gotten a full debrief on the situation but it’s your husband, I get that you have to be there for him.”“Ex,” May corrected.  “But you’re right.  He needs me and I’m going to be there.”Steve nodded.“Keep reminding Wanda to maintain situational awareness.  The tunnel vision noted in training didn’t just go away because we’re in the real world,” May said as she unlocked a slim cuff from her wrist, the anchor for the electronic tether Wanda wore, and passed it to Steve.  “And really, thanks for coming so quickly.”  Then she jogged up the ramp.  The quinjet rose from the ground a few moments later and blasted away with considerable more urgency and flare than the autopilot that had brought Steve there.The next few days passed quickly.  With the four of them working as a team the rubble from the previous project melted away. “I hope Stark has contractors standing by because we are way ahead of schedule,” Sam joked.“Don’t remind us that we’re working for him,” Pietro huffed.The good humor vanished from Sam’s face,  “I know Stark’s tied to a huge trauma for you,” he said.  “But you have to recognize that if this wasn’t an SI property you wouldn’t be here.  Stark’s willing to create opportunities for you two to prove that you can be a constructive part of society.  Not many people would.”“He owes us,” Wanda muttered.“Think about where you’re standing,” Sam reproved her.  “What happened to the two of you was a horrible tragedy but the reality is Tony Stark only has a tentative connection to your parents deaths.  If Stark owes you… A living?  A job?  A free ride? …Because he manufactured that missile.  If that’s the case, what do you owe the people of Johannesburg?  There were more than a few of them who lost family, who were trapped in collapsed buildings within feet of where we’re standing, because you chose to help Ultron try to wipe out humanity.”  “We didn’t know Ultron wanted to kill everyone!” Wanda protested.  Pietro pressed his shoulder against hers in support but he couldn’t meet Sam’s eyes.“No,” Sam let a little bite creep into his voice, “You signed on with Ultron because he told you he’d help you kill Tony Stark.  He just neglected to clarify that he meant he’d kill Tony Stark... and everyone else.  You’re young but... You joined a terrorist organization.  You allowed them to perform experiments on you.  You signed on with Ultron.  You’ve been with us for a year, if you won’t own your choices, your actions?  Then you’re wasting everyone’s time and the second chance we’re trying to give you.”“I know we were wrong, that trying to kill Stark was wrong,” Wanda said.  “But I still hate him.  He got rich making missiles and my parents died because of one of them.”“And because there was a war going on.  There were multiple factions in your country and international interests who were much more directly involved in where that missile ended up than Tony Stark.  HYDRA was involved with some of those factions and you joined them.  You chose to work with people who are closer to those who pulled the trigger on that missile than Stark was,” Sam pointed out.  “Let’s call it a day.  I think a little time to reflect, in your hotel rooms is more appropriate than a few more hours flexin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Politics
good communication
Civil War Team Iron Man
Child!Wanda Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

