Work Text:
When Tony invited the avengers to stay in the tower he hadn’t run the idea by Pepper. He really should have. She seemed to think it wouldn’t be a good idea for him to have other people living with him. Even she had to move out after a week of living with him. She had promised him it wasn’t because he talked too much or went on working binges. She just said there were reasons she couldn’t stay. He still blamed himself but even Rhodey had promised him it was beyond his control but it wasn’t his fault. Rhodey had lived with him when they shared a dorm. Though he couldn’t remember there being any issues Rhodey had always been mumbling about something along the lines of a secret super power and how Tony could rule the world without trying. Tony had been confused and every time he questioned Rhodey about it he had always changed the subject. So when Pepper finally found out about the avengers staying at the tower they had all been gathered as Bruce was setting out curry he’d made for dinner. Steve had been insisting they have team dinners to help bond. Tony had protested but somehow always found himself dragged up for food.
“Tony, oh I didn’t know you had guests.” Pepper said hesitant like she knew what he’d done but was hoping he hadn’t.
“Not guests Pep, they’re living here now. I made each of them a floor.”
Pepper dropped the folder of papers and looked very very worried.
“Tony, give me a moment alone with your…team.”
Natasha raised a brow but was otherwise blank faced and Tony just shrugged as he left. He knew Pepper would probably tell the team why she had left and soon each of the team would be leaving him to. Everyone left sooner or later so it wasn’t anything new.
Pepper made sure Tony was gone before she turned to the team.
“Ground rules if you’re going to live here because I swear to god if I wake up to the news declaring the avengers are taking over the world to make Tony our new overlord I will slit someone’s throat.”
“Ma’am, I’m not sure why you think that would happen.” Steve said sounding as confused as everyone, Natasha included, looked.
“Look, just listen. No one can really stop Tony from doing his inventing binges but try not to let him go longer than two days without sleep. Keep your doors locked, not that it will slow him down but do it to try. Tony has a habit of sleep walking. If he’s been on a three or more day inventing binge steer clear when he’s on his way to bed or waking up. At least wait until he’s had three cups of coffee before even looking at him. If that can’t be avoided, run; run as far as you can because whatever he asks of you I can promise you no will no longer be part of your vocabulary.”
The avengers looked very confused and slightly worried.
“What exactly are you worried about happening?”
“What always happens when Tony is sleepy. Just promise me you’ll be careful.”
The group agreed not entirely certain what to expect. Only when Pepper gathered her discarding papers did Bruce speak up.
“Hasn’t Tony been in the workshop for four days already? Has he even slept?”
They frowned a bit concerned. Still they tried not to consider what Pepper’s odd warning was really about. When Tony joined them for dinner they tried not to mention it to him and when they parted ways Thor declared he was going to go visit Jane. Even with their romantic relationship not working out the two were friends and Thor tried to visit from time to time.
That night all of them were in bed by the time a blurry eyed genius emerged from his workshop. Tired and practically a walking zombie the genius got off on the wrong floor and stripped of his clothing before he buried himself in the wrong bed.
When morning came Thor returned grinning brightly enough to put the sun to shame. Steve was fresh from his run and beginning to cook breakfast. Natasha and Clint had just finished fighting over the coffee maker and both had a freshly brewed cup. Bruce was a bit ruffled from just getting up and he was grumbling in a way that sounded like he was two seconds from letting Hulk out because he just didn’t have the energy for the day. They were all a bit too busy to see the resident genius slowly shuffling towards the kitchen. Only when a tiny whimpering sound could be heard did they turn.
Tony Stark, genius, playboy, and hero iron man stood there looking for lack of a better word absolutely adorable. His hair was sticking up everywhere, his big brown doe eyes stared with longing at the empty coffee maker, and he was wearing only a shirt…a shirt that belonged to the thunder god himself. It was too big for the small genius and the sleeves to long so no one could see his hands. When he lifted his arms slightly waving the too long sleeves like a baby bird attempt to flap its wings and fly Steve nearly fell over dying from cuteness.
“Guys I shrank last night. My clothes don’t fit.” He sounded so adorably hurt by this that both spies had to put the coffee down or risk losing it and their respectively favorite coffee mugs.
“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Everyone
Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
Cute Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Everyone
Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

