Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The device whirred as it dug its way into the back of Loki’s neck to anchor itself in his flesh. He did his best not to cringe. This was perhaps the worst decision he had ever made in his life. Though he kept his face neutral and still, his skin had prickled oddly. They had to have noticed. They had definitely noticed the state he was in before he covered it up again with an illusion. Loki didn’t know why he was bothering to try to uphold his dignity anymore.

“So what happened to you, anyway?” Stark asked. “Where are your shoes?”

Loki regarded him disdainfully, then glanced back away and breathed out slowly.

“I was accosted by a group of ogres, if you must know. They strung me up by my feet in their cave. I escaped by slipping out of my boots.” He added sulkily, “They were trying to eat me.”

Stark looked surprised for a moment, but then his features settled. “Yeah, that pretty much seems like it’d be a normal story for an Asgardian.”

Loki shrugged. “I suppose it’s not that uncommon, if one has the misfortune of being alone on Vanaheim.”

Stark hummed, and Loki got the impression that he had only understood half of that at best.

The room lapsed into an uncomfortable silence. It seemed that no one knew what to do now with their enemy sitting calmly in their midst. It was all very well, because Loki had some suggestions.

“Pardon me, but now that I have been sufficiently enthralled, may I ask you to remove these?” he asked, spreading his hands as far apart as he could to display the handcuffs.

“What, so you can stab us?” Stark accused.

Loki rolled his eyes. “Have you already forgotten that with the push of a button you can cause me immense pain? I’m not particularly keen to do anything that would encourage you.” Immediately upon saying it, he realised just how much venom had crept into his voice. He lessened the intensity and added,  “If you must leave them on, so be it. I just thought I’d ask.”

Stark considered him for a moment, then deflated. “Oh, what the hell,” he said, flapping a hand toward the sorcerer. “Strange?”

The wizard muttered a few words over the cuffs, and they retracted and folded themselves neatly into a cube. It clattered to the floor between them, and then rolled into a tiny hole Strange summoned in the tile. It closed behind it, but not before Loki heard it fall onto something else.

“You could have just caught it,” Loki said, bemused. He hadn’t seen such flagrant overuse of magic since he had first come into his own power. “You’re a new practitioner, aren’t you?” he asked bitterly. “Let me tell you something, fledgeling. No one will ever be as impressed at your powers as you want them to be, so I recommend you stop trying. It’s unbecoming.”

“Most people seem pretty impressed,” Strange said, calm as he ever was. “Maybe it’s different in a place where everyone can do it.”

“Everyone-!” Loki said, cheeks coloring with rage. “The only other people who were even halfway decent at magic were my mother and father.”

“Okay, I’m just gonna cut in here,” Stark said, and Loki’s attention was grabbed immediately when he saw the man’s fingers were playing over the buttons on the controller. “This is a warning. Calm the hell down. And for future reference, if you get into a fight I’m going to assume it’s your fault.”

Loki swallowed, eyes flicking from the controller to Stark’s face to the floor. “I apologize,” he said quietly, hands folded in his lap.

“Okay, good. Great. I don’t want to hear you screaming at anybody in my house,” he said, and for a moment he sounded tired. “I like to foster a calming environment. I can’t have you messing with my feng shui.”

He was barely listening. Seeing Stark’s hand on the button was uniquely unnerving. Loki had dealt with the pain before, but the anticipation of it may be worse.

“I need a list of rules,” Loki said. It would be the best way to consistently evade the man’s wrath. “I think it would be best for everyone if I knew what, specifically, to avoid.” He met Stark’s eyes for a moment before he thought to add, “I don’t know what feng shui is.”

Stark had looked serious up to that point, but now he was smirking to himself. “Oh, you know. Feng shui. Goes off of yin and yang. It balances your chi.”

“You are obviously mocking me.” Loki scowled. “Would you rather I stumble into some mistake so you have a reason to hurt me? I didn’t take you for a sadist.”

The smile dropped from Stark’s face. “I’ll write something up,” he said tersely. “For now, don’t break anything, don’t hurt anyone, and don’t pick fights.”

Loki inclined his head slightly in acknowledgement.

“Feng shui is bullshit, by the way,” Strange said offhandedly.

In normal circumstances, Loki would have said that so was most of everything else that came out of Stark’s mouth.

“I suggest you take a shower,” the wizard said, not looking at him. “Stark, since you own this facility, I’d say it’s your responsibility to clothe him. However, I’ll pick some up for today
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fix-It
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Endgame what Endgame

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team

