Work Text:
The first time the “People Who Used to Date Peter Parker and Got Out Alive” Club meets, Peter is horrified, but also impressed. They have a banner and everything.“What? It’s something to celebrate!” Gwen insists. MJ sips her coffee and looks innocent. Peter scuffs his feet and sighs.“Fine. Fine! No, it is good, it’s, it’s a very nice banner, clearly you’ve thought this out,” he says.“Essentially, it's a Stitch and Bitch club. We had a little trouble clearing it with the Extracurricular Council, though,” MJ adds. “Especially since there’s only two of us.”“I’d suggest you invite Harry, but I think we’re still in a “mortal enemies” stage right now,” he replies. “You could try him next week?”“I’m not touching that sentence with a ten foot pole,” MJ says. “Hey, you wouldn’t mind dating someone and breaking up with them, would you?”Peter makes an inarticulate noise and runs a hand through his hair. “You’re a horrible person,” he says to them both. They give him almost identical looks of vindictive pleasure, and Peter wonders if he shouldn’t be the one thankful to make it out alive, instead of them.When Johnny finds out via Facebook (seriously, they’ve made a page for it and everything, Peter is impressed by their dedication to making him feel terrible), he laughs for thirty seconds, then sends Gwen a message, promising to bake brownies for their next meeting. Peter crouches on the ceiling and reads over his shoulder, then attempts to pull him into a headlock, and then the whole thing ends in singed hair and clothes setting off the fire alarm. Again. --- Johnny Storm is infuriating to live with, and Peter has no idea how Sue did it for so long.“You know he steals my socks?” he tells Gwen. He’s lying across the end of her bed, feet dangling off one edge and head lolling off the other. “Not to wear, he doesn’t ever wear socks. Well, I don’t know, I’ve never seen him wear socks, but he could conceivably just be-““Peter,” Gwen interrupts. Her voice is slightly muffled by the pillow she has pressed over her face. “I love you, but it is two in the morning.”“Is it?” Peter looks at the clock on the nightstand and, oh, what do you know. “Huh. I haven’t slept in a long time. I think I have a lecture in six hours. What day is it?”“If you don’t get out of my room within ten seconds, I’m going to rip off your web shooters and cram them so far down your throat, you’ll be tasting your own genius for a month.”“… Thank you?” --- “I told you to stop touching my books!” Peter yells, before he’s even properly in the door. The apartment is freezing, as usual, and he can hear the television blaring out something mindless. There’s no response, so Peter dumps his bag and camera on an already cluttered end table, kicks off his ratty sneakers, and shuffles into the kitchen to rummage in the cupboards for food.His options are soy sauce, canned kidney beans, or the half-box of wheat crackers that MJ had left behind on cards night. He sucks it up and grabs the crackers, then jumps the counter into the lounge room.Johnny is lying on the couch, a bowl of noodles abandoned on the ground next to him as he intently watches Dog Cops on their slightly fuzzy television. He waves half-heartedly when Peter perches on the back of the couch and scarfs down his pilfered, slightly stale crackers like the desperately broke college kid he is. Thank God Johnny actually makes fairly decent money with his job at the mechanics three blocks over, or Peter probably would have gone full spider mode and started eating insects just to keep his lightning fast metabolism happy.“I told you to stop getting grease all over my books,” he says when the show cuts to commercials. Johnny rolls his eyes.“And I told you, I wouldn’t get grease on them if you didn’t keep leaving them all over the place,” he retorts. They bicker back and forth for a minute, the argument so old and routine that it’s almost comfortable.“Whatever,” Johnny says finally. “You want the rest of my noodles?”The noodles steam when Johnny hands them over, and the bowl is so hot that Peter has to juggle it for a few seconds, grateful that he’s wearing the hoodie with the cut out holes for his thumbs today, so that only his fingers get burned. Dog Cops comes back on, and he slides down from the back of the couch until he’s squished somewhere behind Johnny’s waist. Johnny gives him a smug look.“It’s freezing,” he mumbles defensively through a mouthful of noodles. Johnny doesn’t reply, just curls a hand around one of Peter’s ankles and fixes his eyes on the television. --- “Oh my God you guys, seriously?” MJ says. It’s a Wednesday, which means pizza and crappy beer and worse movies and affectionately bitching at whichever one of their very limited number of friends decides to drop in and mooch. Peter gives her a wide-eyed stare from where he’s lying curled around Johnny on the couch (hey, it works, okay?), but Johnny just points a finger at her warningly.“This is a judgement free zone!” he says, “Leave
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker/Various (past)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
where everyone's identities are secret and the points don't matter
Gwen Stacy and MJ Watson Stitch n Bitch Club
Johnny Storm: serial text emoticon abuser

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker/Various (past)

