Work Text:
The Avengers go out in the field and when they go, the asset goes with them, because that is what he is for. # He doesn't really think of himself as the asset anymore. Much. He is James Buchanan Barnes; he has to tell himself this often at first, and sometimes it fits and sometimes it doesn't, but eventually the days it fits are more frequent than the days when the name slides off his mind like white noise. It takes him awhile to realize, and still longer to believe, that he can ask other people to call him a certain name and have that choice respected. After he does realize it, he goes back and forth between James and Bucky for a while. He mostly feels like a James, but sometimes there is a strange blood-warm comfort in being called Bucky, especially when Steve says it -- except the feeling can grow teeth at any moment, catching on the raw and broken edges of his subconscious, reminding him that Bucky Barnes is a dead man and he's someone new. And Steve tries sincerely to call him James when he asks for it, even though it requires some hesitation and the occasional false start; this is honestly one of the things that makes him like Steve, over and above the ghost of an old and well-worn love.But there are also times when he truly feels like a Bucky, when the name sinks through the torn edges and clicks into place like a puzzle piece -- nights mostly, sitting around with Steve watching movies and drinking beers that don't affect either of them, just for the familiarity of it. Those are nights when he smiles and it's easy, and Steve catches his smile and returns it, and in those moments they're Steve'n'Bucky again, two Brooklyn kids against the world. He tries to hold onto those moments as hard as he can, using them to shore himself up against the bad times. # They don't really live at the Tower, per se. Everyone has their own place, even Stark, who holes himself up in his workshop for days at a time before vanishing off with Pepper to various properties around the world. Steve has an apartment down in DC, not that he's there much. Sam is in DC more often than not. And so it goes: each of them has their own places to be, their own friends, their own lives. But they come and go from the Tower, and it's obvious that there is a place for each of them here, even the more peripheral members of the group like Sam and Colonel Rhodes and Dr. Jane Foster.Bucky knows the Tower won't ever be his place, but then, he doesn't have any place anymore. His place was a version of Brooklyn that probably would have been gone by the time he got out of the service anyway. His place was a cryochamber in a vault. Now he's a man seventy years out of his own time, his own skin, his own skull. Like the others, he doesn't live at the Tower; he just sleeps there. They gave him his own room and said he could decorate it however he wanted. He doesn't know how he wants to decorate it, so he doesn't bother, although slowly it acquires a few things: some bookshelves with a scattering of books and DVDs on them; an assortment of knives and guns and pieces of body armor. He's not a tidy housekeeper. For one thing, he doesn't really care, but there's also something breathtaking about being able to drop his own items anywhere he likes on his own floor and just leave them lying there. Because it's his space and he can do what he wants with it.He's allowed to leave the Tower whenever he wants -- a strange and unaccustomed luxury at first, but one he quickly comes to treasure -- and the place where he usually goes, for days at a time, is Inwood Hill Park. It's strangely wilderness-like for being surrounded by city, full of big trees and rock faces and even some caves. It's the closest thing to a home he has in the city. Sometimes he takes food with him; sometimes he lives off the land (there are waterfowl, snakes, squirrels, feral cats, discarded food in trash cans). More often he doesn't bother, and comes out of the park when hunger becomes intense enough to override the need for clear, people-free space to think.He knows, in an abstract kind of way, that he was a city kid once. He remembers the fear and frustration of having wilderness navigation skills drummed into his thick city-kid head; he remembers the wonder of seeing country stars spread above him for the first time ever. But now he has a predator's appreciation of lonely and high places. In the park, he sleeps in trees and crouches at the top of limestone rock faces, watching tourists and picnicking locals. He has no particular worries about being detected or caught; after so many years of hunting and being hunted, avoiding tourists and urban park rangers is child's play. Sometimes he chooses to prowl the canyons of the city instead, preferring abandoned buildings and lonely dockside areas. Occasionally he spots a person in trouble and helps them -- it's not really his purpose for being there (which is avoiding people, more often than not) but if he sees someone being mugged, a l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
Psychological Trauma
Team Feels
Team as Family

fandom: 
None
