Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


        Chapter by AHM1121




Chapter Text
Bucky moaned into his pillow while fisting his cock, sweat beading along his brow as a broad toned back pierced through his dream. A flash of (were they blue?) eyes here, a glimpse of broad shoulders there, that’s all his dreams were allowing these last few days. No solid face, just a brilliant smile that turned into red lips dipping down across the plains of his body. Hands gliding around his hips, long lashes brushing over high-boned cheeks as the head bobbed along the thick outline of his hard...“BUCKY!” Jolting awake to the sudden shout and rap of knuckles on his bedroom door, he sat up, hair disheveled, hand still fisted in his shorts. Heart thundering, thanks to the sudden onslaught of adrenaline, the dream of the anonymous blue eyed man was chased away and replaced with intense frustration.“What!?” He yelled back, tucking the sheets around his waist before his roommate barged in, as she was known to do. His door opened to a long curling mass of red hair being brushed aside to reveal a woman of short stature, wearing combat boots, tight black pants, and a bra.“Do these match?” Nat asked, holding up an army green shirt with a black leather jacket on top.Rubbing the sleep from his eyes Bucky frowned. “You woke me up from a really good dream. I owe you nothing.”"Must have been some dream. You have to be at work in thirty minutes, and you look wrecked... You owe me everything.” She replied cockily, before shaking the hanger for emphasis. “So..?”“If you’re going for biker gang chic, then yes. Those definitely match.” Bucky sighed, glancing at his clock.“That’s exactly what I was going for. Thanks! Hurry up, you’re gonna be late.” She ended before slamming the door behind her, making him wince.Grumbling, he stood, closing his eyes and stretching his arms over his head, ignoring the flash of blue eyes that was apparently imprinted on his eyelids. Shaking the thought away he brought his hands down and legs back for downward dog, and continued into his five minute morning sequence. He had his routine on point; five minutes of yoga to warm him up, quick shower, blow dry his hair, drink coffee like his life depended on it, go to work, possibly go to the store, teach his nightly yoga class, maybe watch a movie with Nat, sleep and repeat. It was an easy life of doing what he loved, one he had been living for six months post break-up and he was finally getting used to having the bed to himself.Clad in jeans, boots, a white t shirt and his own leather jacket he walked out to the bustling street of New York city and inhaled the first day of Autumn before starting his walk. He lived exactly one block from the shop that he worked at, and he loved every minute of the past two years of working there. From his regular customers who had his work decorating every inch of their bodies, to the girls that came in on Saturday nights looking for their first tattoo, giddy with excitement, trusting him to mark them. He got drunk on that power. Art school had been well worth the eighty grand, and he worked his ass off every day to prove that to the world.Opening the door to the shop he saw Clint, the shop’s manager sitting at the front, flipping through pages of numbers. “Hey man.” He said, barely glancing up. “Hey. Everything okay?” Bucky asked as he walked back to his space. “Yeah, just looking at our profit margins. Everything's right on track.” Clint said, reaching for a highlighter. “Whatever you say man.” Bucky grinned, taking off his jacket and pulling out a sketch pad to start a stencil for his first customer. “You gotta class tonight?” “Five nights a week at eight o’clock.” Bucky replied, pulling out a marker. “I have a question for ya.” “I thought that’s what we were already doing Clint.” Bucky smiled. “Shut up. Does it uh…. Help you in the uhh… well you know with the flexibility, and your um… the…” He motioned to his crotch. Bucky looked up raising an eyebrow, “Are you asking me if yoga makes sex better?” “Maaaaaybe.” Clint said as a blush crept up his cheeks. “I mean….yeah, I guess it does. But it’s more about relaxing and clearing your mind. The flexibility and joint health are just a benefit.” Clint nodded along “Right right,” causing Bucky to frown. “You should come tonight.” “I don’t know man.” Clint replied looking back at his numbers. “Nat’s gonna be there.” Bucky laughed when Clint’s head snapped up. “Well I mean... I guess I could maybe stop by. Put in some moves.” Clint said. “Riiiight…. My only rule is you can’t stare at her ass during yoga. You can, however, maybe try to strike up a conversation with her for the first time.” Bucky replied. “You take the fun out of everything,” Clint mumbled “she’s just so...seemingly unapproachable. She’s so pretty, and like...fierce. Scares the shit out of me, in a hot way.” He finished giving Bucky a tight lipped smile. “Oh God she would love that. You’re not so bad yourself Clint.” Buck replied, marker 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Background Natasha Ramanov/ Clint Barton

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Slow Burn
Smut
Flirting
Dirty Talk
eventually a lot of sex I promise if you've read anything i've written you'll know the sex is coming
tattooed yoga bucky
Army Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Clint and Natasha are adorable
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Dating
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Edging
light kink
so sweet your teeth will hurt (hopefully)
New Relationship
Clint is hard of hearing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Discussion of PTSD
Sexy sexy stuff has happened
past the burn
we're on fire
Daddy!Steve
Daddy Kink
Bearded Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
THE HAPPIEST OF ENDINGS
Happy Ending
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Background Natasha Ramanov/ Clint Barton

