Work Text:
Bucky drops into the trench. It’s pitchy black, and he’s good; there’s no warning save the displacement of air. Steve is wedged into a sentry stance beneath the earth, on guard and half-awake, when he feels Bucky come in like wind.“What’s the secret password?” stage-whispers Steve.“It’s ‘fuck off.’” Bucky displaces more air, wending Steve-wards. “Didn’t wanna startle you. Hoped you were gettin’ some sleep. You don’t sleep enough, Steve.”“Whose fault is that?” Steve says, smiling under the ground in the dark. “C’mere.”Bucky comes to him, crushes him to the dirt wall. Bucky’s mouth is soft and hard and voracious on Steve’s, hot and wet. Bucky fists a hand into his hair to mess it up. When they break apart it’s only half an inch. It’s been seventeen hours and thirty-nine minutes since they got to do this last.“How was tactical?” Bucky’s had exactly the same amount of sleep as Steve, and he doesn’t bother to hide a yawn, just makes it more interesting by yawning into Steve’s neck.“Waiting on the Brits to say yay or nay to the op. Still spinning wheels.” Steve shifts his cramped footing a touch, feeling, as always now, the strange distances between them. Bucky has outranked him until recently, and it’s one of the less visible but no less apparent shifts in their balance. Luckily, Bucky never seems to mind, or let on like he minds; says he’d much rather have a nap than sit through generals squabblin’ over strategy. Steve’s arms tighten around him in the dark. Bucky lets out a sigh, lets his body lean against Steve’s, reclining. “Shame. Boys are chompin’ at the bit for some action. Rumor was we’d be packin’ up at first light. They’re gonna be disappointed.”Steve has been too caught up in strategies himself, has missed the mood of the camp as he moves from meeting to meeting. Bucky is invaluable, Bucky is valuable in a hundred thousand ways, but lately he has proven his weight in gold as Steve’s eyes and ears among the rank-and-file. Captain America is by necessity set apart, put up on a pedestal, but Bucky keeps him grounded. Too often decisions are made at the top without consulting the men at the bottom who will have to execute the commands, and it can be a recipe for disaster. Sometimes morale is so low, no one feels much like lifting a gun or following orders, and a night of leave is requisite. Other times, like now, restlessness and cabin fever set in, and it’s a danger not to give the men an outlet. Leave a situation like that too long and their local hosts end up paying for it, with drunken brawls in the village and farmgirls (and boys) fearing for their virtue. Steve frowns. Bucky can’t see the expression, but he’ll hear it well enough. “It’ll be a day, maybe two or three, till we’ll get word back. British bureaucracy makes us look like a well-oiled engine. Peggy’s in London, trying to speed things up, but if even she can’t--”“Oh, is Peggy.” Bucky’s voice comes back light and musical. “Did Agent Carter give you a goodbye kiss before she left?”Bucky also can’t see him blush, but he can’t miss the way Steve fidgets. “Holy shit,” says Bucky. “She did, didn’t she.”“It was a nice kind of kiss,” Steve recounts. “She knows about us, anyhow.”“Does she!” Bucky reels a step, surprised, but Steve’s arms don’t let him far. “What does she know?”“Peggy guessed it. After I brought you back. Said she had a brother who was like us, and a great-aunt, and she liked me all the same. Said you were kinda a jerk, though. No, she used some other word. More British. Buffoon, maybe. Or was it prat?”Bucky puffs up his chest, but when he releases air he’s laughing. “That’s some dame you found,” he says. “Always knew you would. You gonna marry her when this is over?”Underneath the ground it’s suddenly too quiet, a pocket in the earth cut out from the rest of the world. All Steve can hear is Bucky’s breathing, Bucky’s caught breath. Bucky is holding his breath. “We’ve talked about it,” Steve admits. “She’s willing to, to help us out, and to help secure her career. Damn shame that a dame's still measured by her husband, but it won’t hurt Peggy Carter to be married to Captain America. We’ve talked it out, figure it wouldn’t be a bad bargain.”Bucky is back up against him, both hands in Steve’s hair, kissing his mouth again, then again. “You’re crazy. You’re crazy, y’know that? You drive me crazy.” “Is that a yes?” Steve realizes that he’s grinning hugely, presses the grin into Bucky’s lips. “You gonna stand next to me at City Hall, give me a ring?” Bucky will be there as his best man, in a smart suit, and no one but Steve and Peggy and Howard as witness will know the truth behind the ceremony.“Always knew you were the marryin’ kind,” says Bucky, twisting fingers in Steve’s hair. Steve wishes he could see Bucky’s face; his blue eyes are lit-up and electric. “Yes. Sure, why not?”So they laugh and kiss and are giddy about it in the hole in the ground in the battlefield in a scorched country.A huge weight seems shifted from their sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
World War II Era
Fluff
Angst
Fluffy Angst
PWP
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Primarily Porn
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

