Chapter 1: Mr billionaire
    




Chapter Text
Peter woke up with restraints tied around his arms. He looked around and felt panic rise when he realised that he was in some sort of cell.  To his relief, he felt his mask brushing against his face. Did he get kidnapped by bad guys? He scoffed at his own stupidity. Of course it was bad guys, other people dont tend to kidnap people. He tried to think back but he couldnt recall fighting any bad guys the day before. He remembered that there wasnt much to do on patrol that day, only those kittens he saved from the tree and the old lady he helped cross the road and he doubted that they conspired against him but then again stranger things have happened in New York.
Just as he was convincing himself that kittens could probably be planning world domination, the door opened.
He tensed as he waited for the bad guy/old lady/kitten to walk into the room but to his surprise, a billionare casually waked into the cell who Peter instantly recognised as Tony Stark. 'THE TONY STARK HAS JUST WALKED INTO MY CELL,' Peter thought as his brain began to explode with thoughts. Suddenly being kidnapped didn't seem like such a bad thing if it meant an Avenger would save him everytime. 'Huh, i should probably get kidnapped more often,' Peter thought excitedly. 'Maybe next time, Captain America will save me. Or Thor!' He forced himself out of his thoughts as he realised that fantasizing about getting kidnapped probably wasn't healthy. 
Peter observed as Tony pulled a chair from seemingly nowhere and sat rignt across from Peter. Is that a thing? Do people just get so rich that they can just make chairs appear in their hand? Or is it a Tony Stark thing? More than likely though, Peter was just too busy being kidnapped to notice the other chair. 'This is a very strange way of rescuing someone' Peter noted as Tony continued to look at him. <\p>

MJ was talking about how people can use morse code by blinking to communicate to other people but Peter doubted that that was what was going on here. Still, Peter couldn't help but think about how proud she would be if she knew that he remembered that. Peter could feel warmth spread through him and a small smile threatened to creep onto his face. 'Stop that, brain,' Peter thought frustratingly. As Tony was examining him, Peter thought it would be only right to examine him back becaue he was a very mature person.
The man looked too comfortable to be here against his will. He was slouched slightly in his chair with his arm loosely hung on the edge of the chair. He sat there as if he owned the place. Although, he was a billionaire so maybe he did own whatever place this was, but then again, getting captured and brought to your own building didn't sound like a very 'Tony Stark' like thing to happen.  Peter also noticed the lack of restraints, chair and bruising which Peter had somehow aquired which was all very strong evidence to support that he was not kidnapped. So Peter was puzzled as to why there was clearly no rescue mission happening right now. Slowly he started focusing back to reality and he noticed that Mr Billionaire's mouth was moving. Dang it, Ned would kill him if he found out that THE TONY STARK was talking to him and he wasn't even listening.
He zoned back into the very one sided conversation just as Mr Billionaire finished talking. It seemed to be a question as the man looked up at Peter expectantly.
"Uhh, sorry I missed that. What did you say?" Peter asked hoping that he was being polite. He really wanted to know which bad guy had brought him here as he realised that that had probably already been explained to his stupid ass.
Tony looked to the ceiling as if asking God what he had done to deserve this. He sighed and locked eyes with Peter once more allowing him to see a now very exasperated face. Woah, Ned was definitely going to flip his shit when he heard about this right after he kills Peter for making Tony Stark annoyed.
Peter figured that MJ would be impressed by this because she seemed to enjoy trying to annoy everyone. He remembered that he never sent her a meme last night because he got kidnapped. God, Peter couldn’t wait for when younger baddies decide to roam the streets who actually appreciate his vine references and maybe allow him a phone in kidnapping situations because they could relate. Now that would be amazing.
 'Do Avengers watch vines?' Peter wondered just as Tony slumped back into his chair looking like he just finished a very long story. Peter really needed to get better at this whole listening thing.
"Uhh yes?" Peter asked praying to any God out there that what THE TONY STARK had just said had finished with a question. But by the look on Tony's face, it seemed that the gods out there didn't appreciate him being an atheist. 
Using his enhanced hearing, Peter could hear him mutter something about him being impossible as Tony stalked out of the room.
'Did I just fail at getting rescued?' Peter thought as his 'rescuer' s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Shuri
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker & Shuri
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Light Angst
Fluff and Angst
Attempt at Humor
Humor
Vines
Memes
Meme Lord Shuri (Marvel)
Precious Peter Parker
Everyone Loves Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Shuri
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker & Shuri
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

