Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve wakes up on Saturday morning to a quiet apartment. Nothing  seems  wrong, but… something’s not quite right, either. Steve knows better than to ignore his instincts. After a few uneventful moments, he realizes the smell of coffee wafting in from the kitchen.
Steve had fallen asleep alone. The only people that have access to his apartment (technically his  floor ) are the other Avengers, but none of them have ever come in while he was sleeping before. The odds of this being an intruder are slim-to-none. Anyone that would have been able to disable JARVIS (and Tony’s other, equally impressive security measures) would certainly not be hanging out in Steve’s apartment, making coffee.
Steve groans. He had gotten in late last night, and while the serum allows him to operate on little sleep, he generally prefers to get more than… three hours, according to his clock. Christ. The petulant part of Steve wants to burrow into bed and ignore whatever is happening in his kitchen, but he knows that he can’t. Odds are the intruder is Natasha - and, if it is, she won’t hesitate to come into his bedroom and perch somewhere like an unwelcome gargoyle until he gets his ass out of bed.
Resigned to his fate, Steve levers himself out of bed and pulls on a pair of pants. He debates the shirt for a second, but ultimately pulls one on as well. Natasha can’t be here for something time-sensitive or she would have woken him up, but he never knows when she’s going to drag him out of bed for an early morning training session.
Natasha claims that she wants them all to keep constant vigilance. Steve thinks that she’s a secret morning person that  also  loves to torture her teammates.
Steve leaves his bedroom rumpled and half-ready to fend off a flying attack from Natasha. Instead, he finds her sitting cross-legged on his kitchen counter, drinking a cup of coffee and reading something on her tablet, like this is what she does every morning.
Natasha keeps poking at something on her screen for a few seconds, even though Steve knows that she knows he’s there. Steve is moments away from just asking what the hell is going on, when she finally looks up at him.
“Steve.”
Natasha looks at Steve, expressionless. That alone is enough to send alarm bells ringing,  klaxons  blaring in Steve’s mind. That’s Natasha’s I-can’t-be-honest-because-we’re-in-public face. That’s Natasha’s I-don’t-quite-know-how-to-comfort face. That’s how Natasha looks while she’s processing information for a difficult mission -  not  how she should look while breaking into Steve’s apartment at 4:30 in the morning on a Saturday, drinking coffee.
“What happened?” Steve asks, already mentally preparing for something big.
Instead of answering, Natasha hops of the counter, grabs Steve’s favorite mug, and pours him a cup of coffee with a hint of sugar. When she turns around to press the mug into his hand, her face is still blank.
“You probably want to sit down.”
Steve sinks down into one of the kitchen chairs, mind whirling. She couldn’t  possibly  know about last night… could she? Would she care? Steve wouldn’t have guessed that Nat would care about his sexuality, but.
Natasha hands him her tablet silently.
Pulled up is a news article:  Captain America, GAY? 
Below it, there are photos. None overly damning, but more than enough: A tall blond man in a black shirt in what is obviously a gay bar; a tall blond man, leaning close to a man with brown hair; the brown-haired man, with a suggestive hand on the blond’s bicep; the blond man and the brown-haired man, headed towards the door, holding hands.

 These are indistinctive. How can they be sure that they’re me? 

Because Steve  knows  that these pictures are of himself and an attractive stranger that he had met last night.  He  knows because  he was there.
He scrolls past several other photos of progressively more dubious quality, until he find the money shot: Steve, turned around, facing the camera, face completely recognizable, with a protective arm wrapped around his  paramour , facing away from the camera. There’s no arguing whether or not Steve is the man in the photo. There’s also no arguing that the person he’s leaving the bar with is another man, or that the purpose isn’t sexual.
Well.
Fuck.
 
 
Sunday morning, Steve’s phone buzzes with an incoming text message from an unfamiliar number.
(202) 555-6384:  Hey there stranger, Tony gave me your # so that we could chat about our great love affair 
Steve blinks, frowns, then blinks again. He barely restrains himself from looking around his apartment like he’s being pranked, but he knows that he would have noticed an intruder, and JARVIS has no active video cameras in Steve’s personal space. There’s a lot to unpack in that relatively short text message. Tony gave his phone number to someone? In a romantic context?  Why?  Steve sighs and gives into the temptation to rub his eyes. What
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Phone Sex
Sexting
Dialogue Heavy
fake dating if you squint
what's the opposite of slow burn?
Steve Rogers has no chill
gratuitous descriptions of cooking
Paparazzi
Discussions of Homophobia
American Politics
Bucky is basically TJ Hammond
but not nearly as sad
a Political Animals AU if you squint really hard
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Overstimulation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

