Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Karolina Dean stares intently at herself in the mirror. She is clad in an off-white dress that is elegant with lace sleeves and crisscrossed fabric on the chest. With her skin tone, blonde hair, and blue eyes, the dress is arguably perfect for her but she groans, something just isn’t right. She reaches behind her neck to unzip the dress, but her arm can’t fully reach the zipper, and she grunts in frustration.“That is like the fifth dress you’ve tried on. All were fine, and you look great. Stop changing,” her best friend and roommate, Nico Minoru, complains as she barely looks up from her phone as she lays on Karolina’s bed.“No, it just isn’t right. I know I have a blue one in my closet somewhere, hold on,” Karolina speaks quickly and races into her closet. She paces back and forth in the walk-in as she examines all the shelves, but she can’t find the dress in mind. The whole closet is in disarray, shoes are flung everywhere, clothes are off hangers and thrown wildly on the floor and shelf. It looks like a tornado tore through the closet, not an anxious twenty-year-old girl.“Ironic that you’re freaking out in the closet about coming out of it,” Nico jokes.Karolina turns around and gives the girl a dirty look. “I’m not freaking out; my outfit just looks horrible. And dinner with my parents is important to me.”Nico leans a hip against the wall with her arms crossed as she looks Karolina up and down with concentrated deep-set brown eyes. “So, all this panic,” she states and makes a gesture with her left hand at Karolina and her messy closet, “has nothing to do with you coming out to your parents tonight?”Nico has been Karolina’s best friend for as long as she can remember. The pair met when they were seven years old, their parents are family friends along with some of LA’s other wealthiest families. The parents are all part of a charity organization called Pride. They took multiple family vacations, spent holidays together, and went to galas together; it was inevitable for the kids to become inseparable. The Pride kids are very close today, out of all of them, four of them go to the same college in California. Karolina and Nico are two of the four, they’re very close, they even rent an apartment together off-campus. Their friends Gert and Chase also go to the same school as them. Gert is the social justice advocate with quick wit and purple hair, and Chase is her genius athletic boyfriend. The other group of Pride kids are Amy, Nico’s sister, Alex, and Molly. Alex and Amy both go to different schools across the states and Molly, Gert’s adoptive sister, is still in high school.Out of all the Pride families, about 95% of the people know about Karolina being gay. Essentially the only people that don’t know are Karolina’s parents. She had known she was gay since she was 16, to this day she claims she has probably known her whole life, but the whole thing didn’t really snap into place until her sixteenth birthday when Chase Stein kissed her, and she felt nothing. Instead of feeling any attraction, she spent the whole time wishing it was Julie Power kissing her instead. It didn’t take long after that until everything set into place and Chase was the first person she came out to less than a week later. He accepted her with open arms, his only question was why she didn’t tell Nico first. She remembers telling him through tears that it was easier to tell him, because they weren’t as close as her and Nico and she couldn’t risk losing her. Chase eventually talked her through and she told Nico a few days later. To which Nico responded that she’d always known and didn’t care, because she herself was bisexual.Most of the other parents know, because either she told them, or her friends told them. She didn’t mind as long as her own parents didn’t know. Karolina has put off telling her parents until now, she plans on telling them now at the age of twenty after holding in the secret for four years. She just can’t hide it anymore, she feels like she’s keeping a piece of herself from her family.Both of Karolina’s parents are actors. Frank and Leslie Dean are common household names. They both would be considered A-listers, so Karolina spent her childhood in the spotlight as famous people’s child. Leslie Dean is an actress know for being uber religious and because of that, uber conservative. Leslie’s career can be controversial at times because of this, as most actors are liberal. Karolina remembers the shit storm Leslie’s publicist dealt with during the election when Leslie made it very clear that she agreed on the views of Trump much more than that of Hillary Clinton. It was stuff like that that terrified Karolina of ever telling her parents about herself.“Fine, I’m completely freaking out,” Karolina sighs. Nico looks at her with a sympathetic expression and Karolina shakes her head when Nico steps forward to hug her, “No, if you hug me I’ll cry.”“Karo, I promise, it will be fine. They’re 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Karolina Dean/Nico Minoru

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - College/University
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Friends to Lovers
Childhood Friends
Best Friends
established gert/chase
leslie is kind of a dick
secondhand famous
Another fake dating AU
Kiss cam
Light Angst
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
also kinda ANGST angst at points
Angst
slow burn in the sense that they suck at their feelings

fandom: 
Karolina Dean/Nico Minoru

