Work Text:
The season is half gone already. Yarrow has begun to bloom, and the blackberries have grown fat enough for the picking, and a faun can’t walk but two yards without catching scent of someone in heat. Charles sighs, rewrapping his scarf as he stares at his reflection in the still pond. Far from prettiest in his herd, he’s never really considered himself prime mate material. Much as the kids may enjoy learning of the turning of seasons and the movements of the heavens, Charles has been accused of having his head too far in the clouds, several times. Nevertheless.He frets again with the ends of the scarf, combs his fingers worriedly through the mused fur of his thighs. Nevertheless, he’s been courted for near seven seasons, now. And this, he’s sure--this is going to be his year. His tail shakes eagerly as he takes up the basket again, and he starts trotting fast towards the large oak where he and Erik meet. It’s embarrassing, but between the smells of spring and the thought of his long-time satyr friend, he already feels slick beneath the tail. Biting his lip, all he can do is hope he isn’t indecent. Tally any longer, and he shall truly be late. For the past seven seasons, Erik has gone from a dear friend to a gracious, gentlemanly courter. Yes, there was the incident on the mountain last spring, when Erik had grabbed him so suddenly Charles couldn’t help but startle. But Erik had set Charles down again so quickly and apologized so vehemently. Charles had never been so disappointed. Really. He very nearly doubted Erik’s attraction after all of that. Playful capture was one of the traditional courting methods amongst their kind, and Erik didn’t even give him a chance to pretend to protest. One undignified yelp, and that was it, Charles had been right back on his hooves. But while Erik let him go then, afterwards, he kept coming around. Kept asking after Charles, kept trying to take his hand, kept bringing him little tokens all the summer and fall and winter and spring. And if Charles didn’t tell Erik how he had to spend the rest of that day on the mountain, holed up in a little cave away from the herd--grinding his fingers urgently against the wet folds of his heat-swollen cunt, bleating just from the memory of Erik’s smell and strength... Well, a faun needs a few secrets, and thinking of this one is hardly keeping the fur clean.He must not look too far amiss, however. When he approaches Erik--at a composed pace, of course--there’s no sign Erik notices anything strange. He looks over Charles briefly before wishing him a good day. Then, charming as ever, Erik produces a little flower from behind his back. “Oh,” Charles says, blushing. He shifts his basket to his shoulder, and takes the delicate blossom. A small, fragrant thing, Charles isn’t sure how Erik ever carried it without bruising the petals. “How wonderful!” It’s from one of the pomegranate trees near where the unmated satyrs live and--more and more frequently this time of year--cross horns. Feeling like he’s near as red as his scarf, Charles manages to stammer out a proper greeting, but all he can do for a moment is stare at the flower. Pomegranates for fertility, that’s all he can think. When he glances up at Erik, though, there’s no knowing smirk, nothing of the sort. Erik’s glaring off to the side at some tree-roots, as if they did him some grievous personal offense. 

Charles smiles into the flower as he brings it to his nose. It smells sweet and lovely, nowhere as delicious as Erik’s musk. Would it be too forward, he wonders, to just push his nose up against one of Erik’s long curling horns? Or, better yet, he thinks, the fur of his thighs, maybe he’s just had a piss-- Charles snaps out of it when Erik asks for the basket. Truthfully, Charles had been hoping to hide behind it should he start dripping all over the forest floor. In his distraction, though, he hands it over easily.Erik’s hand brushes his on the handle.
“Your knitting turned out well,” Erik says when they touch. His voice is very low. Charles has to suppress a shiver; it wouldn’t do to look skittish again this season. “The scarf is very becoming.” No, it wouldn’t do at all to be skittish, Charles thinks. Not when all he’s thinking is, sod scarves, let me work on some kids. His tail raises and flags slightly before he can still it again, lowering it decorously. At least Erik is facing him and can’t see. “Thank you, Erik,” he manages, and they start their journey toward the blackberries. As an unmated faun, it’s his duty to gather for the herd. Charles tucks the flower neatly in his scarf, walking quietly at Erik’s side. It’s actually very kind of Erik to come berry-picking, a task that is surely far less interesting than spearfishing or locking horns or whatever else unmated satyrs are wont to do. 
Glancing at Erik out the corner of his eye, he considers his friend. Erik always seems happy to accompany him on any little errand. He can be stern, sure. But beneath that he’s good-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mythology
Fauns & Satyrs
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Rituals
doing it goat-style
Watersports
Scent Marking
Animalistic
Biting
Breeding
Implied Mpreg
Outdoor Sex
Implied Lactation Kink
Faun!Charles
Satyr!Erik
Courtship
Charles is a Tease
Erik is a Sweetheart
Multiple Orgasms
Friends to Lovers
Remix

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

