Chapter 1: bringing the shield to bed
    




Chapter Text





"You seriously need to stop bringing that thing to bed," she told him from where she sat on her side of the bed, her legs crossed beneath her, a book in her lap.
"It’s not coming to bed, it’s going beside the bed. There’s a difference,” Steve defended, kicking off his slippers, the ‘old-man’ type that always made it sound like his feet were dragging on the floor, or so Darcy told him.
He closed the door behind him, because it was one more protective measure, adding a second or two for reaction time if they were ever attacked in their apartment, and then he rested his shield against the wall, beside the end table that his lamp and sketchbook sat atop. 
"If I wasn’t here, taking up half the bed, would you cuddle it?" she teased, flipping the ribbon down to mark her page before she closed her book and leaned over to rest it on her own bedside table. 
"You take up more than half the bed," he said with a grin. 
Darcy rolled her eyes. “It’s not my fault. I swear, I go to sleep like a normal person and as soon I hit REM, I starfish.” 
He chuckled low, under his breath, and said, “I know. I’m the one you keep smacking in the face.” 
"Hey, if there’s one mug I don’t want to bruise, it’s yours. Maybe I’m trying to pet that awesome jaw of yours and get a little enthusiastic.” She raised an arm and showed off her ‘pipes’ as she liked to call them, poking her bicep as she told him, “Look! All that training with Natasha is paying off.”
He squinted. “Where?”
"Right. There." She poked her own, not exactly bulging, bicep, and squeezed her fist a little tighter. "You can’t tell me you don’t see that„." 
Steve leaned closer, his head cocked. “Here?” he asked, pressing a kiss to the lower part of her arm. “Or maybe here…?” He moved up a little, his nose lightly grazing her skin. “Or is it this very impressive muscle here?” He pressed a kiss to where she’d been pointing before nipping at it gently.
She folded her lips to keep from smiling at him, but, as per usual, it didn’t work. “All right, very cute.” She swung her arm around his neck and pulled him in closer. “You play your cards right, Rogers, and I’ll let you bring the shield to bed. We can all cuddle together.” 
He rolled his eyes and gathered her up, turning them over so he was on his back and she was comfortably straddling his waist. “Tempting, but I don’t know if I want to subject her to your nightly abuse…” 
Darcy snorted. “Right, because getting smacked in the face while you’re trying to sleep is so much worse than being taken into battle. I think I’m offended.” 
Steve rubbed his hands up her thighs before settling them on her hips. “Then I’ll just have to do my best to make it up to you…”
"It’s highly recommended," she murmured, before leaning down for a kiss. 
An hour later, Steve was thoroughly ‘forgiven,’ but the shield stayed where it’d been put… and he still got smacked in the face when she fell asleep. All things considered, it was a price he was willing to pay.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Skinny!Steve
Time Travel
Ficlet Collection

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

