Chapter 1: Losers Lies
    


Notes:
As the summary said, I am a sucker for this trope and just really wanted to put my own two cents in. I just really wanted to see how I would write this concept and thought it might be fun to post because why. I am also apparently not creative enough to come up with my own story or concept, so I wound up doing something that has already been done 100 times already.I have never read the comics and have no idea if teachers have ever been named and what kind of classmate's (besides the obvious) comic-book Peter had. And so, all names I use for those characters are made up.Hopefully someone will enjoy this and thank you for checking this fan-fiction out.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Posted September 3, 2018 … Revised November 22, 2018

An inconspicuous black car began to pull up to the curb a block away from Midtown School of Science and Technology.With it being the beginning of a new school week, the students that walked by along the sidewalk were more sluggish in their pace than normal. Rather than pay attention to an average looking car on the road, they were more focused on not stumbling due to their grogginess.Those same students continued to pay no attention to the vehicle as it finally came to a stop and Peter Parker was all too thankful for that.Once the foot-way was briefly cleared, Peter hurriedly grabbed his backpack and opened the rear door of the car. He shuffled out, tossed out a quick, "Thanks Happy," to the man in the driver's seat, and firmly closed the door before hopping up the curb and joining the mass of students.Peter eventually slung his backpack over a shoulder and even jogged a few steps ahead, hoping to put a bit more distance between him and the car.It may have been a very simple thing to be worried about, but Peter was always embarrassed at the thought of someone spotting him getting out of the back of the vehicle. Teenagers usually sat up front where it made them feel older, yet Peter still sat in the back. He was technically being chauffeured around so it made sense for the young adult to be there, but he always felt uncomfortable being pampered in such a way.Then again it was Happy Hogan that tended to drop him off and pick him up.The older man was far from being Peter's personal chauffeur, and thus did not treat him like some pampered brat, but Tony Stark always insisted that Happy be the one to help Peter commute to school. The young hero was not completely sure why Mr. Stark always insisted, but Peter made sure that he regularly thanked both men whenever he was being taken back and forth between the Avengers Tower and his school.Peter was at least thankful that Happy did not take him every day – he only drove Peter back and forth at Tony's insisting. If Peter happened to be going to and from home, then Peter gladly took the bus or subway.And as usual, Happy's impeccable driving had Peter arriving to school on time with a few minutes to spare before the first bell rang.Arriving at the front gate, Peter stepped onto the school grounds with a sigh of relief at beating the bell. When he eventually made his way in and reached his locker, the teen was met by his best friend Edward "Ned" Leeds.They greeted each other with one of their many nerd handshakes and easily ignored a few snickers from some girls nearby.Peter finally opened his locker and began picking out which textbooks he would be needing for the day."'Sup Peter. How was your weekend?" Ned asked at he leaned against the wall of lockers."Same old. Though I did learn a new trick from the web," Peter said with a cheesy grin as he tossed a look to the other teen.Ned gave his own grin in return and even let out a soft snicker.The two of them loved to talk about Peter and his secret identity but knowing that they were in a building full of teenagers who loved nothing more than to eavesdrop on anything within earshot, the two friends had been quick to start talking in code.It was not much a 'secret' code, but it still worked. Whenever they fell into such conversations, they always talked about the internet or the 'web' as they called it even if saying such a term was outdated. It was a play on words and the two nerds loved using it even though Aunt May and Mr. Stark had both rolled their eyes the day they each learned about the phrase."Really?" Ned asked with an excited tone, "You'll have to show me later.""Of course I will. Promise."With that, Peter stuffed the last book into this backpack, slammed his locker shut, and the two headed for their first class just as the warning bell rang..
.Due to his senior status and because he was a student at one of the more technological schools in the New York area, Peter had a bit of a different schedule than other high schoolers.With Midtown having a more scientific focus to their studies, Peter and his fellow seniors were able to have a full class schedule dedicated to their field of study for th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
I will add tags as I go
Humor
Fluff
Field Trip
School Trip
Stark Industries
Avengers Tower
Peter is best boy
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Beta Read
Peter's SI field trip
Bullying
Interns & Internships
Secrets
The Avengers Are Good Bros
But Also Kind Of Sneaky
Injury
Brief Refernce to Blood
Sporadic Cursing
Family
Family-like Feels
Crushes
Anxiety
anxiety attack
Sound Anxiety

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

