Chapter 1: Prelude
    


Summary:

Loki makes a hasty decision and a dangerous escape.





Chapter Text
  

 “Cast yourself upon the waters. Trust in your ability to swim.” — Marty Rubin 
  In the ragged shade of the starship's rubble, uncomfortably seated behind a mask of invisibility and barely clinging to consciousness, Loki quietly spoke to himself.Steady, he told himself, watching the scene with a cold, earnest gaze; steady—as his illusory copy stumbled over a sentence, dazed, breathless, shattering intentionally under the pressure, and as he bit back a sudden flood of nausea. One. Two. He was distracted, he thought, and weak, but he held the magic: three, and he cut the next word short—further paled the skin with a finger's wave, broke a few vessels with another. Tactile, he told himself. Believable. Life or death, here—because he wouldn't have done this otherwise; because he knew his limits, knew he was well past them, and even this was getting to be too much.Snap——and he jerked his hand and let the illusion go limp. The surge of magic sent another jolt of nausea through him and he skittered deeper into his cover, swearing for a moment that he felt his invisibility flicker. He was far enough, he thought: the distance he'd carved himself just by opting for this sort of thing rather than throwing his life to whatever shield he could muster, dimming his vitals, and hoping he could play dead—his usual method in situations like these—was enough to run. If his luck happened to run out here and Thanos caught the trick, he would: run like the wind, he thought, and pray they wouldn't find him again. But what he also thought for a moment was that even then, he'd still be fucked; that maybe, if nothing else, they'd see fit to kill Thor, claiming something about how it was only fair after such a bold move—what liars: what of their mercy? What of only taking half?—and then he found that lingering nausea and unease joined by wild, familiar rage, and he breathed in, breathed out, and sat a little straighter under the wreckage.Steady.Steady—and then Thanos loosened his grip and the illusion fell from his fingers like a rag doll, toppling to the floor with an empty thud.It was tempting to end it then, Loki found, to let the image's physical touch fade and lift some of its weight on him. He was a hair's breadth from his emergency reserves and so close to fainting he was shivering in place, and even that, even just switching from a tangible illusion back to a simple mirage, would have helped—but he could never be too sure, and despite everything screaming at him for rest, he held on. He waited.Thanos seemed in no rush to leave: he spared a few more jeers before disappearing into the only clear passage—something about resurrections and careful words. Had this been any other situation in the universe, Loki would have laughed at the irony, but as he sat there, trying to keep from breathing in any ash and watching, jaw tight and eyes narrowed, as those allies Thanos so revoltingly called children followed him out of the hall, he felt no humour. He felt nothing.There was silence.Then a bang: something heaving itself apart down the other end of the ship—and then something else crackled and collapsed under the fire, and Thor, tumbling to the floor as the scrap metal around him suddenly lost its hold and fell in pieces, snapped out of that same stupor that had gripped them both and crawled, arms shaking, to the still-present mirage. Sobs. A quiet, disbelieving whimper that turned to a wail, and then to a howl that, for a moment, nearly made Loki question himself. The plan. The plan; there was a plan.No.He leaned back against the wall and took a long, scratchy breath of smoke. The plan—although the truth was he had no reason other than paranoia to maintain the magic: faith in himself and only himself to keep this secret. With a small and unwilling gesture and another insufficient inhale, he willed the illusion to stay.“Leave,” he whispered to himself, even knowing that it was futile: he was as inaudible as he was invisible. “Please. Don't do this. Don't hurt yourself more than you need to.”Because that was all it was, wasn't it? Sympathy. Sentiment. And here he could have made things so much simpler: kill the spell, turn tail, and run before anyone realized.But no.No.Between the smoke was a different scent, and it hung heavily in the air, clinging to each breath like a rotten aftertaste. Bitter. Chaotic. Death, Loki thought, and decay: he knew this one. Burning flesh and blood. Evaporated sweat. Everything he never wanted to smell a second time but always, always did.The sight of Thor, wounded and huddled there over an illusion, was torture.There was no pity to be offered, no apologetic glance, no “I had to do this.” They were lies, and even if Loki dared to speak them, they wouldn't hold: if he'd meant any of it, this wouldn't have even happened.The ship lurched.Loki steadied himself against the rubble and tried to keep his f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki
Loki & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Slice of Life
Slow Burn
Deception
Revenge
Redemption
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Depression
Paranoia
Panic Attacks
Flashbacks
Nightmares
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Eating Disorders
Dissociation
Downward Spiral
Torture
Scars
Survivor Guilt
Guilt
Aquaphobia
Repressed Memories
Memory Alteration
Memory Sharing/Shared Memories
Letters
Tough Love
Enemies to Friends
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Sexual Tension
Makeup Sex
Polyamory
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
therapist Tony Stark
Not A Fix-It
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Experimental Style
Typography
Poetry
Illustrations

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki
Loki & Natasha Romanov

