Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When he first escaped from HYDRA and their brainwashing, Bucky Barnes hadn’t concerned himself with much beyond survival - and never being manipulated into doing anything against his will ever again. Recovering his memories might be nice, but he was prepared to live without them if it meant not having to hurt people anymore. If it meant not being cold anymore.Realizing what he’d done, what he’d been manipulated into doing for so many years...just being able to come out the other side was a blessing. He didn’t deserve anything more than that. He knew he would never receive justice, would never be able to get back what had been stolen from him, and he accepted that. It was his penance for the atrocities committed by his hand.After his escape, he hid in plain sight for two years. He kept his head down and did his best to leave no impact on the world around him. He’d take odd jobs for cash and tried to stick to non-descript, run-down room rentals - the places no one else ever looked. He raided the odd abandoned HYDRA bolthole on occasion, if cash or a halfway decent cover ID was proving elusive through other means, but he mostly went out of his way to avoid them when he could. He rarely spoke when it wasn’t absolutely necessary, and at the end of a long day it was the promise of a piece of candy waiting for him, rather than friends or loved ones.It was a sham of a life, the absolute opposite of everything he thought he’d ever wanted before, but it was his - and damn anyone who would want to try to take it from him.But the world spun on and eventually caught up to him. He was working as a dishwasher in Bucharest when Steve Rogers strolled back into his life. He supposed he should just be happy the punk hadn’t brought a fight with him when he did so.It took awhile, but Steve finally convinced him to come in from the cold, to return to the relative safety of Steve’s apartment in New York.(“It’ll be like old times - all you have to do is take out the trash and maybe shine my shoes,” Steve had said with a knowing grin, like they were sharing a secret. Bucky hadn’t had the heart to tell him he didn’t understand the reference.)In New York, he didn’t stop looking over his shoulder, or avoiding unnecessary crowds, or counting the exits every time he walked into a room. But as the months went on, these were things he felt like he chose to do, rather than things he needed to do to survive. In New York, the pressure in his chest lessened with every good memory that returned. In New York, Steve was there a heartbeat after every bad memory showed its ugly face.After a few years, he’d thought he’d never have the right to wish for anything better. With all the blood on his hands, everything he’d done - willing or not - it seemed like too much to hope for to be able to live anything resembling a normal life.Right now, six years after finally breaking free from HYDRA’s control, he was reconsidering the merits of giving it all up and beating Steve to a bloody pulp. Again.“Come on, Buck, they’re having a movie night. It’ll be fun.” Steve leaned against the kitchen island as Bucky puttered around the kitchen, cleaning up nonexistent messes left over from dinner.Sitting quietly in a dark room full of people Bucky had either never met or had once attempted to kill sounded like the opposite of fun, but this was a recurring argument between the two friends. Steve had been trying to get Bucky to socialize with the other people Steve had connected with in this strange new life of theirs for a while now, and it was getting harder to beg off. “You go ahead.” Bucky was pretty sure he’d wiped down this side of the counter at least three times now, but a fourth wouldn’t hurt anything. It would also keep his hands busy, so he’d be less likely to punch Steve. Not punching Steve was a priority. For now.“You can’t keep hiding in here, you should go out and meet the rest of the team.”“Who’s hiding? Besides, they’re your team, Steve. I don’t need to meet anybody.” 
I don’t want to meet anybody.
“So I’m the only friend you need? Come on. You’re becoming a hermit.” Annoyance was slowly edging into Steve’s voice the longer this argument continued.“And that’s my choice.” Bucky refused to rise to the bait. If he didn’t want to meet anyone new, that was his business. He didn’t need - or want - to talk about why. “They’re not that bad you know. Sure, Tony can be an ass sometimes, but he learned social skills from those robots he builds.”Bucky groaned internally. “Yeah, I really don’t want to talk about the Stark family.” Steve’s face flushed slightly at the reminder, but otherwise he ignored Bucky’s comment and switched gears. “You’ve been doing really well lately. I just don’t want you to stagnate - and the team can handle it if something goes wrong. It’s much better than-”“I don’t want to meet any new people, alright?”Steve leveled a look at him that suggested he was trying - and really struggling - not to hit something. “Help
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Nightmares
Bucky Barnes Has Nightmares

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

