Work Text:
They’d been in Wakanda for less than a week when everything went to hell. Steve had brought the others there with him after breaking them out of the Raft because they needed a place to stay, to regroup, and to hide, at least temporarily, from the people out for their blood, out in the world. Eventually, they’d be welcomed back home, but it would be good to keep their heads down in the meantime.Sooner or later—hopefully sooner—Tony would get to work on bringing them back home. No matter what had happened between them, what he’d done in the heat of the moment, Tony was still a good man, and he knew the world needed all of the Avengers. Steve would give him time to calm down, to recognize where he’d gone wrong… and maybe just some time to himself, too. That fight… everything had been wrong about that, and Steve still felt an uncomfortable churning in his gut when he thought about how he’d left Tony there, bruised and bloody and heartbroken.But he’d sent his apology, and even if he was angry at first, with time Tony would calm down. He’d understand that Bucky was innocent, why attacking him was the wrong thing to do, and why Steve had had to defend him. Steve might have to give him another apology when they got home—saying it again couldn’t hurt, particularly with someone like Tony, who could be stubborn about holding a grudge—and maybe Tony’s would come in the form of some kind of expensive gift or tech, his usual go-to since he seemed incapable of actually saying it out loud, but Steve would know what he meant. The others might not be quite so forgiving, but they’d get past it with time, too. Maybe Steve could even persuade Tony to put his pride aside for a moment and give a real apology to them, particularly to Wanda, who was without a doubt the angriest at Tony right then. Steve couldn’t blame her, after everything that had happened to her. Everything that could have been avoided if Tony had just trusted them, just listened to them. Steve knew that Tony would forgive them. But when Tony made his first public appearance since the Civil War—as the media was calling it—just three days after Siberia and a day and a half after Steve and the others had arrived in Wakanda, some of that hope wavered.They watched from a high-tech, expensive Wakandan television, with a picture so clear that Steve couldn’t fail to see the livid bruises and raw scrapes on Tony’s face, the cast on his arm, or the very slight bulge under his shirt where his ribs were obviously wrapped up. He couldn’t help but see the way Tony moved slowly and hid a wince with every step. That stony guilt hardened his stomach further.The press conference itself was short. Reporters shouted questions about the Civil War, the so-called Rogue Avengers (Steve hated the name and what it implied about them, but what could he do from there? Even if he could dispute it, what would he say? He’d willingly left his shield behind in Siberia. No matter that he wished he had it back now, at the time, Bucky had been more important than any title), and how Tony had been so obviously injured. And Tony…. Tony told the truth.Not all of it, for which Steve was profoundly grateful. But enough to surprise everyone. He told them that the split in the Avengers was less about the Accords and more about a lack of trust between members of the team, a problem which had been festering for some time. He told them that even after his best friend and brother in arms had been shot down and critically injured, Tony had intended to help Steve Rogers. He said that he’d gone to Siberia to assist with whatever crusade Steve had thought worth all of that, but that Zemo, who’d beaten them there, had successfully completed his plan to turn them against each other. He didn’t mention the video or what HYDRA had forced Bucky to do. He just said, with a rueful smile, that he was only human, that he was stressed and was manipulated, and that he hit first. He said that after the first hit, Rogers and Barnes attacked him back, two against one, put him down and beat him half to death and then left him there to die, in a disabled suit, in a HYDRA bunker that would have become his grave if it hadn’t been for an emergency distress beacon and Vision’s thankfully fast arrival. Which was true, even if it sounded so much worse suddenly, even if Steve hadn’t actually known how badly he’d hurt Tony. When he was done explaining, Tony told the assembled reporters that more news would be announced as it came, and that as of that moment, he had no intention of ever welcoming back any of the Rogues, or of ending the Avengers Initiative. He told them that they would rebuild the Avengers to be better than ever, and that he wouldn’t allow the mistakes and the willful ignorance and the violent behavior of some to ruin the ideal that the Avengers represented. He finished by saying that he, and those who listened to the wishes of the world, still believed in the Accords, and that they would work hard to make sure
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Author is Bitter

fandom: 
None
