Work Text:
“Alright, class! I need you all to be on your best behavior today. Mr. Stark was very generous to let us have a tour of the Avengers tower.” Mr. Harrington said as soon as the bus was all loaded up.“Hey, Penis! We will finally see if this internship of yours is legit or if you’re just faking it as we all think.” Flash shouted. The class laughed at this but Peter and Ned just rolled their eyes.“Yea, and you will see how much of an idiot you’ve been, Flash,” Ned told him. Peter shot him a grateful smile and they started chatting about the next lego set they were going to build. The students gasped as the bus pulled up in front of the tall tower. They unloaded and got into a big clump behind Mr. Harrington as they walked into the building.Mr. Harrington walked up to the front desk while the students looked around the lobby in awe. A woman named Andrea was sitting behind the front desk typing on her computer; when she saw them she smiled politely.“Hello, we are here for the 9 o'clock tour.” Mr. Harrington smiled. She checked her computer.“Midtown High?” She asked.“Yep, that is us!” Mr. Harrington responded. She smiled at him. “Alright, one of our lab directors will be here shortly as your tour guide.”He nodded and stepped away from the desk.“FRIDAY? Could you please tell Josie that her tour group is here?” Andrea called up.“Of course, Ms. Derekson,” FRIDAY responded. “Hello, Peter. You are home earlier than expected. Shall I inform Ms. Romanoff? She just got back from her mission.”Peter blushed “, No thanks FRIDAY. I am actually here on a field trip.”“Of course, Peter. Have a good time.” She responded.“Thanks, Fri.”“How is the- uh- ceiling talking to you, Peter?” Mr. Harrington asked.“Well, Mr. Harrington, FRIDAY isn’t the ceiling. She is the Avengers Tower Artificial Intelligence. She runs through the whole building,” Peter explained.“How does the AI know you?” Flash asked suspiciously.“I work here, Flash,” Peter sighed. “FRIDAY knows everyone who works here.”“But she said you lived here!” Flash argued. Peter opened his mouth to retort when suddenly a woman ran out of one of the elevators in the back of the room. She had blonde hair that was in a braid at the bottom of her head, brown eyes, and was wearing a standard lab coat. She also had a walkie-talkie clipped to her pants.Peter and Josie were really close. Whenever Peter had free time (which was rarely) he would always come and hang out with Josie. When she saw him she grinned and hugged him. He, of course, squeezed her back.“Are you with the tour today, Peter?” Josie asked.“Yea, I am.” He answered.“Great! Okay, let's start! Sorry if I am a little late, there’s a lot going on in Gamma right now,” Josie laughed. “Hello class, my name is Josie, and I am a Lab Director in the Gamma Sector. Each of you will get a temporary visitors badge. There are six sectors of the Avengers tower: Omega, delta, gamma, zeta, beta, and alpha. The Omega sector is the bottom 25 floors which consist of the entrance and the interns R&D labs. There are different levels of interns depending on age and skill. The level 1 interns mainly consist of high school juniors and seniors, while level 2 and 3 interns are college students.”“I bet Parker doesn’t have an Omega Sector badge,” Flash laughed. Josie raised an eyebrow at Peter, but Peter just shook his head.“I’ll tell you later,” he mouthed to her. She nodded and continued.“The next 20 floors is the Delta sector where the level 1 scientists have their labs. The Gamma sector is floors 46 through 70 where the level 2 and 3 scientists have their labs. In this sector, all products are tested and reviewed. Doctor Banner is sometimes on this floor helping out with advance projects, experiments, and tests. Sector Zeta is, as we call it, the “Meeting Sector”. This is where the Avengers, the government, and Stark Industries meetings take place. It consists of floors 71 through 81. Sector Beta only consists of three floors. All three are personal labs. The last 16 floors are the Avengers’ personal space. Each Sector has at least two cafeterias and breaks rooms. Any questions?” Josie smiled as she handed out the badges.A couple hands shot up. Josie smiled and pointed to a kid in the back. “What is the highest sector we will be allowed to see today?” He asked.“I think that depends on how quickly we move through the tour. We will definitely not be going into the Alpha Sector as that is private space. Even the interns and scientists are not allowed in that sector.”A couple groans and ‘awws’ were heard but Josie ignored them. “Please swipe your badges as you enter.”Josie swiped hers first. “Josie Presington, Sector Gamma Lab Director,” FRIDAY announced.As the students swiped there badges FRIDAY announced them “, Visitor, Kappa.”“Miss, what does Kappa mean?” Someone asked.“Kappa is what all Visitors get. It means they can go on whatever floor their tour guide or occupant is on.” Josie explained.Peter swiped his and Friday declared “, Peter P
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Shuri

freeform: 
Field Trip
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Protective Natasha Romanov
Fluff
(at the end) - Freeform
Avengers Tower
Stark Tower
Intern Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Shuri

