Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
As much as Tony wanted to just go home after the Hammer Drone fiasco, Pepper was staying to clean up, and it seemed like a pretty bad first act as her boyfriend (type-thing? Is that what they were?) to just leave her to it. So he took the suit off and stuck around, ignoring his aches, cuts, and bruises.
There were still a surprising number of people swarming around the outside of the convention. Police were everywhere, taking statements, treating minor injuries. The red and blue flashing lights were doing little to help Tony’s pounding head.
He was passing a clump of frightened looking convention goers, trying to keep his head down so no one stopped him, when he saw a little kid in an Iron Man mask sitting by himself on a stone bench. A memory from the fight flashed in his head, of a kid in a too big hoodie standing in front of a drone, his hand raised as if to fire the toy gauntlet he wore.
Tony veered over to him.
“Hey, Iron Man,” he greeted as he sat stiffly next to the kid. The plastic covered head turned to look at him. A little ‘whoa’ echoed out from under it.
“That mask looks kind of hard to see out of, bud. Why you still wearing it? Trying to protect your secret identity?” Tony asked, gently knocking his knuckles against it.
The little shoulders shrugged. “I like being Iron Man,” a small voice answered.
“He is pretty cool,” Tony said, grinning. He earned a little laugh for that. “I like being him, too. But sometimes I prefer being Tony.”
The boy hesitated for a moment, then lifted his hands and tugged off the plastic helmet. He was a cute kid, Tony thought as he watched brown curls spill over wide brown eyes, a little button nose scrunching up as he blinked.
“Hey!” Tony cheered. “Now who are you, Iron Man?”
The kid blushed a bit, looking down as he scuffed his sneakers against the pavement. “Peter.”
“Nice to meet you, Peter. I’m Tony,” he said, offering his hand for Peter to shake. Peter looked a little hesitant, glancing up at Tony from under his bangs, but he took the proffered hand and shook it. Tony smiled and got a shy, dimpled grin in return.
“Where are your parents, Peter?”
The smile disappeared.
“Um… my aunt and uncle are talking to the police,” Peter said quietly. Tony swallowed, getting the feeling he’d touched on something sensitive.
“Are they both ok?” He asked gently.
“Yeah,” Peter said, nodding. Then he added in a quieter voice, “I’m in trouble, though.”
“Yeah? Me, too.” Peter’s head jerked up and he stared at Tony with wide eyes.
“Really?” He seemed shocked that Iron Man could get in trouble.
Tony nodded morosely, shoulders slumping a little bit so he looked downtrodden. “My… Pepper… is mad that I caused so much damage.”
“But you saved everyone!” Peter exclaimed, looking angry on Tony’s behalf, his little face scrunched up. Tony gave him a small smile.
“Only after I put them all in danger by coming.” Peter was shaking his head before Tony even finished his sentence.
“No, that all would have happened anyway. The bad guy wanted to hurt people. You stopped him,” Peter said firmly, leaving no room for argument.
“You think so?” Peter nodded again. “Well, good, I’ll tell Pepper that.”
Peter looked happy that Tony wouldn’t be in trouble anymore. His little fingers were still clutching tight to his Iron Man mask.
“Are in trouble cause you stood up to the drone, Pete?” Peter looked up at him again, his dark eyes flitting over to where a couple were talking to an officer.
“My aunt started crying,” he confessed quietly, staring at the mask in his hands.
Tony hummed. “Sometimes being brave scares the people who love you.”
Peter scrunched up his face again. “I’m only brave when I’m Iron Man,” he whispered. He sounded a little bit like he was going to cry, which was the last thing Tony needed tonight.
“Me, too,” Tony said simply.
Peter’s eyebrows furrowed. “You’re always Iron Man.” He sounded confused.
Tony grinned, chucked the kid lightly under the chin. “So are you.”
Peter’s face lit up like a Christmas tree.
His eyes flicked back over to where his aunt and uncle were. Tony followed his gaze, noticed they were coming back toward them.
“Well, kiddo, that’s my cue to leave,” Tony said, standing up. Peter hopped up, too, looking disappointed.
“It was nice meeting you, Peter.”
“You, too, Mr. Stark,” Peter said.
Tony smiled at him one last time, winking as he did. “See you later, superhero.”
Then he walked off into the chaos of the convention, still smiling.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (mentioned)

freeform: 
Post-Iron Man 2
Young Peter Parker
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (mentioned)

