Chapter 1: Hallelujah, My Ass
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony wouldn’t exactly call it hatred, what he felt towards Dominants. No, of course not. Hate, after all, was a very, very strong word. He hated assholes who deserved to be in jail. He hated rich people who waved their money around carelessly, flaunting it for the entire world to see. He hated avocado.But he didn’t hate Doms. He would much rather prefer to call it … disdain. A strong dislike. Irritation. And if he had a choice, he would never choose to be with a Dom.But of course, things never worked out for him, because on the day of his thirtieth birthday, when he walked down to his workshop to lock himself in there for a good thirty eight hours or so, JARVIS announced, “Good morning, Sir. You have an email flagged as ‘Important’ that came in this morning precisely at 5:52 AM.”Tony groaned, plopping down in his chair and swivelling in it, just to stall so he wouldn’t have to see whatever this so called important email was. “Who the  fuck would email me at 6 in the morning, JARVIS?”“Actually, Sir, many people have done so, if not earlier, in the past,” JARVIS clipped.“Ugh. Don’t tell me that; you’re already making my head hurt, JARVIS. I think I’m traumatized from all those times Hammer tried to do business early in the morning with Stark Industries.” Tony stood up, heading towards Dum-E. “Hey, Dum-E. You still have that dunce cap on your head? Good. You damn well deserve it. Don’t ever knock over my coffee mug over again or I’ll make a robotic dunce cap that’ll stick to your head until the day I die.”The robot whirred, and if Tony didn’t know any better, he would’ve thought it sounded sad. Which, maybe it did. Just a little.Rolling his eyes, he just sighed and placed his hands on his hips. “Who’s the email from, JARVIS?”“It appears it is from the National Organization of Dominants and Submissives, otherwise known as NODS.”“Why the fuck do I have an email from them?” Tony snorted, running a hand through his hair. “I sure as hell didn’t  sign up  for one of their stupid get-togethers where people practically eye-fuck each other.” He picked up a piece of paper where he’d written a bunch of ideas for the new StarkPhone 6 he was planning, frowning down at it. God, had he been  drunk while coming up with these ideas? Who the fuck would want a pen holder attached to their phone?“It appears that today is the twenty-ninth of May, or, in other words, your thirtieth birthday. A warm congratulations, Sir.”Then, Tony froze, a sudden realization hitting him at JARVIS’ words. He was thirty. Which meant … shit. His name and information had been automatically inputted into the system. That was common knowledge; fuck, how had he  forgotten something as important as this?He must’ve spoken the last bit out loud, for JARVIS informed him dryly, “I did try to warn you, Sir, but you put me on mute, claiming that you didn’t want my opinion on things as irrelevant as your thirtieth birthday.”“God, fuck, JARVIS! You know that everyone’s thirtieth birthday is important!” Tony gripped his hair, trying to figure out what to do. It really wasn’t JARVIS’ fault, he knew. The AI was programmed to follow each and every single one of his orders and commands unless Tony’s life or health was in significant danger. He wouldn’t have been able to find a loophole in something as simple as being ordered to mute himself.But still … crap. Tony had been planning; he’d had all these fabulous and grand ideas about how he, Tony Stark, would be the first to avoid being automatically registered into the system when he reached his thirtieth birthday. The ideas had ranged from downright holding a petition in order to change the law to hacking into the system and just having JARVIS shut it all down.“Would you like me to pull up the email, Sir?”“Yeah, yeah, go ahead.” Tony let his hands drop from his hair down to his sides, mentally bracing himself for whatever was in this email. JARVIS pulled it up wordlessly, which Tony was thankful for, because he wasn’t sure he was in the mood to be conversational when his entire life was about to be ruined (and okay, he knew he was being all dramatic, but still! This was the moment his life would go downhill).The email was long and detailed, which made Tony hate it all the more.  


 Dear Mr. Anthony Stark, 


 It has come to the attention of the National Organization of Dominants and Submissives (NODS) that you have reached the age of 30, otherwise known as the maximum age Dominants and submissives may apply to be registered into the system. Unfortunately, our Assistant Researchers have stated that you have not yet manually registered your information into the system. Thus, regrettably and by default, we have entered your name, ANTHONY EDWARD STARK, as well as your contact information, into the system to be matched with a Dominant. As you are now registered in the system, finding a Dominant is now y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
Threesome - M/M/M
Spanking
Punishment
Discipline
Subspace
Smut
Anal Fingering
Anal Plug
Bondage and Discipline
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Kneeling
Slow Burn
Butt Plugs
Spitroasting
Impact Play
Flogging
Possessive Behavior
Subdrop
Aftercare
Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

