Work Text:

Fun fact: Flash Thompson is the worst. 

Actually, that fact was not at all fun, but it was true. Peter Parker had no idea how people like Flash were capable of being giant jerks all of the time. It was like the concept of basic human decency was completely foreign to them, even if it was a universal thing. 

To provide some context to this, it all started when it was announced they were going on a field trip. 

It is common to believe that a field trip would be a time for fun, a break from the stuffy classrooms and the monotonous droning of their teachers. It was supposed to be that way. And I guess it sort of was that way for some. But not for Peter. No, not for him because of all the places they had to visit, it had to be 

Stark Industries

. 

Before getting to know 

the

 Tony Stark personally, Peter would have been ecstatic for such an opportunity. But now that he's sort of an Avenger and also Tony’s intern, he didn't want to risk his identity being exposed. He considered convincing Aunt May to let him stay home the day of the trip. Maybe he could “lose” his permission slip and fail to turn it in and automatically be excluded from the trip. Peter opted to go with that until Flash started talking. 

“Guess we finally get to see Parker get exposed for his lies,” he taunted.

That's right, if he didn't show up to the field trip, everyone would probably think he really was lying about the internship. He didn't want that. Flash calling him out was bad enough in causing some doubt among his peers, but even his teachers wouldn't believe him if he tried to skip the trip. Peter’s resolve broke and he sighed. He supposed he had no choice but to go now. 
 
He was grateful that he had friends like Ned and Michelle who didn't doubt for a second that his internship was real. Ned, because he knew about his secret alter ego, and Michelle, because... well, he wasn't entirely sure why she believed him but he appreciated her nonetheless. 

“So, you're worried that by going on this field trip,” Ned started slowly. “Your Spider-Man identity could be at risk?” 

“Yes, exactly!” Peter exclaimed, falling backwards onto his bedroom floor as he threw his hands out in exasperation. “And I like being Just Peter and Spider-Man separately. It's like, Peter Parker is the filler episodes and Spider-Man is the heavy plot. It's nice to have a break once in awhile, y'know?”

Ned took a moment to consider his analogy. “Okay, but you’re not like 

Naruto 

filler episodes right?” 

“No, of course not!” Peter said, offended. “More like 

Dragonball

.”

“Nice,” Ned nodded in approval. 

Then after a moment of silence, he asked: “Are the Avengers going to be there?” 

“What? No, they should all be at the compound. Hell, I don't even think Mr. Stark will be there,” he shrugged. “He's usually busy doing like, Avenger stuff, y'know? Plus Miss Potts runs the company now so if anyone is gonna be there, it's her.” 

“True, true. But that doesn't mean Mr. Stark 

won't 

be there. Maybe he’ll hear you're coming and pop in to say ‘hi,’” Ned suggested. “Wait, dude, I 

hope 

he does that. Can you imagine the look on Flash’s face if he did?”

“Don't be ridiculous, Ned. I’m just an intern, Mr. Stark wouldn't care that much to drop by,” Peter dismissed the thought with the wave of his hand. “And it'd be better if he didn't come anyway, lessens the chance of being exposed.” 

“Yeah, but you're just an intern 

and 

Spider-Man. You're an Avenger!” Ned encouraged. 

Peter rolled his eyes. “Let's just finish building the Millennium Falcon. Han Solo can't smuggle goods without his ship.”

“Remember when you had a crush on Han Solo?” 

“Shut up, Ned.” 
 
And then that fateful day came. 

Peter turned in his permission slip as did the rest of his class and they were all set to go on the trip. They filled the bus and Peter chose a seat in the middle, Ned sliding in next to him and Michelle sitting behind them. He could feel the excitement buzzing in the air but it didn't do much to improve his mood. 

His senses have been going off lately and he couldn't shake the bad vibes he was getting as they slowly approached the building. It was so bad, in fact, that he even wore his suit under his clothes, just in case. He only hoped that nothing would go wrong. 

“Hey, Penis!” Flash called from the other end of the bus. “How do you think Tony Stark is gonna feel when he finds out you've been lying about your internship the whole time?” 

Peter sighed. He just had to make it through this bus ride first. 
 
They made it. There it was. Stark Industries in all of its glory, right in front of them. He heard awed whispers among his peers and even though he's seen the tower so many times, it never ceased to amaze him. The group was hustled through the doors and into the lobby and the interior was just as grand as the exterior. It was like something straight out of a Sci-Fi film. A buff, balding man dressed in plain clothes stood waiting for them, a smile on hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Identity Reveal
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Mild Language
Humor
Bisexual Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

