Chapter 1: apocalypse
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 Peter jolts up from his desk, startled awake by his head thudding against the surface. He clenches his jaw, pushing up his glasses and squinting at his digital clock. It angrily flashes 2:00 a.m. back at him. He sighs, rubbing his temples and cursing his poor decision of reading Star Wars comics instead of studying. He feels around his notebook for his pencil, letting out another sigh at coming up short. He shuffles through his drawer lethargically, the warm glow of his desk lamp doing little to help his vision. Peter shuts his eyes as he searches, convincing himself that he's doing it so he can feel out for a pencil better, not because he's tired– "Ow!" Peter hisses, eyes shooting open at a sudden pain flooding his finger. He leans in closely and squints at a shiny red bead of blood forming at the very tip of his pinkie. The pyjama-clad boy shoves his finger in his mouth, and the split second the coppery flavor hit his tongue he realizes that he's not tired anymore. If anything, he's wide awake. With a renewed vigor, he searches his drawer for a pencil. Peter shifts around through the miscellaneous stationary, letting out a breath of relief when at last he discovers a blue mechanical pencil. Peering even more closely, he can see a small broken shard of glass—the perpetrator that nicked his pinkie. He blinks, carefully taking it between his pointer finger and thumb, and drops it into his overflowing wastebasket. Second-hand furniture is dangerous. Thirty minutes into conjugating hacer in both present and past tense, he feels his eyelids start to grow heavy. His stomach rumbles noisily, but he ignores it, biting down hard on his lip to wake himself up again. The familiar coppery taste returns. Peter marvels at it's immediate effectiveness—his exhaustion disappearing so soundly he's unsure if pain was even necessary in the first place. A sudden thought occurs: if he can gain this much sustenance from tiny finger pricks and lip bites, how helpful would an actual cut be? He straightens, reaching down to his bottom drawer where all his tools are for fixing computers and other Manly Stuff. It only takes a moment to find his target: a slightly dented box opener, with a shiny green plastic handle. Leaning back in his chair, he confirms that his door is firmly shut and locked. The clock flashes. He knows it needs to be somewhere inconspicuous. Peter pulls down his plaid boxer shorts until he could see just below the crease between his hip and his thigh. He has a spanish quiz that he doesn't intend to fail. The slight sting is worth it, he tells himself. It's not like it won't heal.    Three months later, his workload is heavier, and the thin red lines smattered across his upper thighs are evidence enough to prove it. He's not concerned; any scarring is so light nobody even notices, and they fade within a couple weeks of appearing. His little trick pays off in his grades. Peter Parker has reached no. 1 in class rankings. News spreads fast in Midtown, especially in regards to academic performance. It's infamous for being competitive. Ned is happy for him, slapping him on the back and grinning wildly, mouth running on about we have to celebrate, and I found this Star Wars Monopoly set we NEED to play this weekend. Peter actually feels a flicker of excitement for a moment, all his studying and homework taking a visible toll on his body. A break–especially for some obscure board game with Ned–was more than welcome. Then reality rears it's ugly head, and he sinks his head down, dropping his backpack with a sound thump. The air in his bedroom feels tight, constricting his throat and banging into the back of his teeth as he lets out a breath. He spins around to face Ned. Adjacent to his desk, the filipino boy is seated on his lower bunk, smiling expectantly at him. "I can't," Peter sighs, shifting self-consiously in his swirly chair. Ned's face drops. "I got a huge Chem project due monday. I need to focus." Ned nods in understanding, but his disappointment is clear. Peter frowns, guilty. He's going to offer Spring Break, but that's several weeks away. The novelty of being no. 1 would have worn off by then. That night, after Ned bids his goodbye and his Aunt and Uncle retire for bed, Peter hovers anxiously by his second drawer. He licks his lips. As if he has some mutant x-ray vision, he can see the blade gleaming under a careful stack of notebooks. The weight of it in his hands, the clean slice into his leg, again and again and again until he feels a different weight ease off his shoulders. He can visualize the way his stomach would untwist, his persistent anxiety dissolving, his body sagging down in relief. Peter sighs, shaking his head and clicking the light off. He's not going to cut himself for anything other than academic reasons. He won't.    The following morning, Peter finds that not everyone is as sup
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Self-Harm
Depression
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Bullying
flash is ooc
hes meaner than usual
Denial
Depressed Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Mental Health Issues
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Suicidal Thoughts
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

