Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter’s not the biggest fan of field trips. Oh sure, it’s a welcome break from the drudgery of school, (which, isn’t even that bad), but with his luck? Something  always  ends up going sour. It’s not like he meant to knock over that display case or set that piece of equipment on fire, honest! Not to mention the field trip to Oscorp...God. So when Ms. Warren starts passing out permission slips, face-down, at the end of class, he’s more than a little apprehensive. Peter’s read about halfway down the piece of paper, having tuned out the teacher the second she said “field-trip”, when something he thought he heard has him honing in his hearing to the front of the room. “-did she say-”“She did-”“-really?-”“-enis, hey-”“-can’t believe-” He turns to Ned, who’s packing up his bag. “Ned.”The boy looks up, a stick of gum dangling between his lips. “Yeah?”“What she say? Where’re we going?” Ned maneuvers the gum so that it’s trapped between his teeth. Peter tries not stare.He fails, given that he’s only caught the tail end of what he says.“-onestly Peter, would think you’d pay attention-” Belatedly Peter starts shoving stuff inside his own bag and follows his friend as the class clusters at the door. “I’d think too, Ned, but you know me-” Their conversation’s drowned out by a hundred others as the bell rings and students flood the halls. The two stop at each other’s respective lockers, chattering the entire time. Peter sticks the slip in his front pocket and loops his fingers in Ned’s backpack straps as they’re carried by the crowd to the cafeteria. They talk about mindless things as the lines edge forward, and it isn’t until they’re at their table, MJ already sitting in her corner, that he pays it any mind again. “Hey, losers.” “Buh?” Peter glances dumbly in her direction, a strand of spaghetti hanging from his mouth. Ned oh so helpfully plucks it off and flicks it away, and turns to face MJ as well. “Haven’t you heard?” She sets her book down, like she’s got something important to say. “Heard what?” Ned supplies, though he’s smiling now like he knows something. Weird. “You two deaf or something? We’re going on a field trip-” Ugh. “-to Stark Tower.” Wait. What? Had Ned not rid him of spaghetti, Peter would have choked. His gratefulness is soon stifled by a snorting laugh to his right, and he winds into a pout. “Aw come on Ned, you know I hate field trips.” Ned sobers, nodding gravely, before cracking up again. “Dude, your deer in headlights look is the  best. ” “Gotta say, those bambi eyes of yours don’t help either.” Peter snaps to look down the table, but MJ’s picked up her book again, biting into her apple with a  crunch like she’s never said anything at all. He scarfs down the rest of his lunch and pushes his tray aside, fumbling in his pocket to pull out the now crumpled piece of paper. Ned sucks milk through a straw, looking over his shoulder, as Peter mumbles out loud at a breakneck pace. “Non-disclosure documents, don’t set anything on fire, next Friday- aha! Stark Tower.” “You’d think they’d put that at the top,” Ned says drily. Peter just shakes his head in agreement, folding it away to tuck in a folder. It’s not until he’s zipped up his bag that it hits him. “Oh no,” he whispers faintly. Ned looks up from his phone. “What?” “Oh no, Ned, oh  no. ”He sets his phone on the table and turns to face him. “You okay, Peter?” “Ned, the  field trip .” “Yeah, I know, anyone would hate them with experiences like yours-” “Nono, Ned, that’s, that’s-yeah, but that’s not  it .” “Then what is it?” “The field trip, it’s to, it’s to,” his voice drops to a whisper, like he’s about to share a secret. “It’s to  Stark industries. ” Ned looks at him sidelong, like he’s a little odd. “Yeah dude, everyone’s said that like, a million times.” “And I didn’t hear it, a million times!” “Peter,  you said it, just a second ago.” He flushes at that, and looks down to his fingers drumming on the tabletop. “Yeah well, I forgot.” “Forgot something you said a second ago?” There’s a smile in Ned’s voice, and Peter’s petulant when he mumbles, “I thought I saw something shiny.” They get up to dump off their trays, bags slung over their shoulders, when Flash steps into their path, smirk pasted on. “Yo, Penis, ready to be humiliated next Friday? It’s pathetic, really, how you lie.” Peter looks over his head to where he needs to go when he grits out, “It’s not a lie, Flash. The only pathetic thing here is you in denial.” With that, Peter walks around him, too far ahead to see Flash look as if the air was punched out of him. Ned goes after his friend with a nod to Flash, like,  you heard him.  When he catches up, Peter lets out a shaky sigh. “I-I don’t understand why he’s always got to to do all, that.” He gestures vaguely, cutting through the air. Ned catches his hand, fingers warm. “He’s just a jealous jerk who can’t accept you’re that much cooler than him, Peter. Don’t worry.” Ned grins when he huffs a laugh, and tacks on,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Friday
Friday & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Stark Industries
Stark Tower
Interns & Internships
Intern Peter Parker
Fluff
Attempt at Humor
Field Trip
Protective Tony Stark
Tour
yep
it's another one of those
have fun
Peter's SI field trip
as contributed by Lost_And_Loony_Girl
Dialogue Heavy
More Peter-Tony centric than expected
abuse of the word 'kid' probably
y'all fkcin scare me you know that
like for the love of tropes
(and you know you love them)
Not compliant with anything post Homecoming
Rating for Language
(Blame Tony)
The formatting is actually awful I'm-
filler ocs for plot purposes

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Friday
Friday & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

