Work Text:
In all honesty, Peter Parker (Peter Stark) was not amused about the prospect of “school.” He’d watched a lot of movies over the summer since moving in with Tony and Pepper – his lost-then-found-again parents. He’d watched all the ones about high school he could find, too, once Pepper suggested him attending.Mean Girls made him nervous. He liked that they were all good and kind to each other at the end, but he didn’t really want to deal with people with those sorts of attitudes. Though he didn’t want to admit it, Peter had a slight temper from his time in HYDRA, and his response to people being rude was, generally, to punch them in the face. Apparently, that wasn’t acceptable behaviour at high school (however, the first three seasons of Glee he watched – before getting bored – begged to differ).The High School Musical trilogy was more entertaining, but Tony told him to not take it literally. No one burst into song in high school. If Peter did, he’d probably get punched (and then they’d be back at the no fighting rule, again).Then there was 17 Again, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, Easy A – and while he didn’t necessarily like every film he watched, they all told him the same basic thing: high school was going to suck.“High school doesn’t suck, Peter,” Pepper insisted over dinner.“No, honey, he’s right,” Tony replied. “High school is a culmination of the worst years of a human’s life – if they’re the best, then you’ve peaked and you’re gonna be bald by thirty, guaranteed.”That didn’t bode well.They spent time choosing a school. No one knew that the long lost son of the great and almighty Starks had returned yet – so they didn’t really get a chance to look around and decide. Rather, FRIDAY made a list of the best schools in New York, each with a selection of pros and cons, and Peter ended up deciding between the private Bucks Academy nearby in Manhattan (including uniforms and what seemed to be a horse barn), or the more distant but top STEM school, Midtown, in Queens.He chose Midtown. Peter didn’t want to admit that he thought horses were freaks of nature – it was best if he never faced it nor the hypocrisy in his words. - His first day of school was midway through August. He’d just had his seventeenth birthday, spent with his family, the Avengers, and a copious amount of ice cream cake. (Natasha had got him a new set of throwing knives. Tony had taken them away. Peter had stolen them back – he liked throwing knives.)Earlier in the month, he’d sat an exam to get into the school, and they’d forged documents to make it seem like he’d been home schooled previously. On top of that, they registered him under Parker, as if that name didn’t remind him a little too much of the scientist that placed the spider on his bare chest and waited for it to bite. Still, though, he’d passed the exam with flying colours and given a place in the school.It was a long drive from the nondescript house that Pepper had bought for them to hide out in, but Peter didn’t mind. It gave him time to calm his nerves and breathe. Despite everything HYDRA had done, they’d given him a select set of skills (most of which would be useless within a high school environment). One of those skills was the ability to keep a level head. Pepper had kissed his forehead that morning before leaving for work, telling him that as long as he remained calm and optimistic, he’d have a good day.He kept those words in mind as Happy parked in the corner of Midtown’s parking lot.I am Peter Parker, he thought, taking a long, deep breath. I am calm. I am optimistic. School doesn’t have shit on me.He thanked Happy for the ride, agreed to meet him in the same area at the end of the school day, and climbed out.Immediately, Peter was thrown.It was a lot like the movies – people milled about the parking lot, the steps, the halls. Kids were everywhere, talking and chatting and laughing. But they were also flying drones and holding pieces of robots and carrying heavy books wherever they went.Peter tried to ignore them and slipped through the crowd. No one paid him any attention – he was just another face in the crowd; just another person that existed in their space, not worth knowing. He navigated his way to the main office to get his timetable and was directed to his locker, two halls away.Once there, Peter opened it, then frowned because he had no reason to have one. He could carry everything in his backpack – what was the point of having a locker? He immediately shut it again and jumped at the person standing behind the door.The man – boy, guy? – was Peter’s height, maybe shorter, with brown skin and a mop of dark hair.“Did I scare you?” he asked, a smile playing about his lips. “I didn’t mean to do that – you’re just in front of my locker.” Peter frowned, looking at his locker – the one he was standing in front of – and the boy. “That one,” the boy insisted, pointing at the row of lockers by Peter’s feet.“Oh, shit-” Peter moved back and the kid knelt down to us
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
High School
Alternate Universe
gym class sucks
How Do I Tag
Fluff
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

