Work Text:
When they first get together, Peter appreciates the gentle hands Tony holds him with. The sweet love-making helps his first time, wrought with inexperience, become a memorable and pleasant experience. However, Peter loses interest in it not long afterwards, begging Tony to be rougher, for bruises and marks just for the short-lived image of visibly being his. Tony hesitates every time; Peter can see that he wants to be rougher with him, especially when he's down on his knees. He decides to do something about it, feeling Tony might need a little push to loosen up his restraints.His chance comes when Tony decides to head to a private event for rich people like himself, something he usually avoids like the plague. Peter manages to convince him; significant others are able to dress up scantily and be eye candy at the little party, something Peter can use to his advantage. "I'll get dressed and meet you there," he says, shooing Tony into the elevator. Tony rolls his eyes and fixes his tie as he steps into it."Don't take too long," he replies, pecking Peter on the lips."I won't, daddy." Tony flushes and clears his throat, the doors closing on him. Peter grins confidently; he's getting to Tony, and his plan should be the final straw.Peter takes a quick shower before looking at his outfit spread out on the bed. He has a black and blue theme, hoping for marks to match it: a black crop top with "Daddy's Boy" in blue, cut off blue jean shorts that could pass as underwear, and blue and white bunny tights. He dresses quickly then spends time putting on mascara, eyeliner, and a little gloss to emphasize his looks of innocence.He tops his outfit off with black high-tops and a special velvet choker with a charm in the shape of the arc reactor. He sticks his phone and extra make-up in his pockets, blowing the mirror a kiss, before going down to meet Happy at the car.Peter starts feeling nerves when he arrives to the door, chewing his lip as he points out his name on the list. He looks himself over one last time before going into the room full of other people like him, amazed at seeing so many around his age as well as much older. He relaxes quickly in the easy-going atmosphere and focuses back on his plan as they file out to serve as their lovers' eye candy.He walks up behind Tony and smooths his hands down over his chest, leaving an obnoxious and sticky kiss on his cheek. Tony chuckles and twists for a kiss that Peter happily gives him. When the kiss breaks, Peter walks around the chair to stand before him. The way Tony's eyes darken makes him shiver and bite his lip as his cock twitches in his panties."You look good, baby," Tony praises. Peter gives a shy smile."Thank you, daddy," he replies. Tony flushes like before, and Peter grins as he sits in his lap. Peter talks to other lovers and sugar babies while Tony talks to other businessmen and women. He has enough fun that he almost forgets why he's there in the first place."Is that your boy, Stark?" a middle-aged man, with a pretty redhead in his lap, asks. Tony tenses; Peter smiles coyly."My name is Peter, sir," he says sweetly.Tony squeezes his thigh in warning and gives his press smile. "Peter is mine, Fisher. Somehow I managed to swipe him up." Peter smirks fondly and nips at his neck. He gives Fisher a coy smile from under his lashes. Fisher licks his lips, something Tony catches with a snarl. The grip on his leg is bruising."I'd love to take you out some time, sweet thing," Fisher flirts boldly, ignoring the daggers being shot his way. "I can show you a real good time." Peter shifts in Tony's lap, opening his legs slightly to show off his little bulge while also grinding into Tony's lap."I don't think my daddy would be okay with that.""You're damn right," Tony growls possessively. "Back off." Peter internally dances and noses against Tony's ear."Maybe you should be okay with it," he goads him on. "Maybe he'll fuck me the way that I want him to."Tony stands, dislodging Peter who cries out at the sudden movement. Everyone stares wide-eyed as Tony grabs him by his wrist and hauls him out of the room and towards the private ones he hadn't seen on his way in. His eyes water from the tightness of the grip on his arm, but his cock pulses from finally, finally getting what he wants. What he's sure they both want. When they get in the room, Tony tosses him on the bed and slams the door behind him, locking it. Peter rolls onto his back, face flushes and cock hard; Tony tugs his tie loose before practically tearing it off, eyes dark with rage and lust. He throws it somewhere to the side and unbuttons his shirt halfway, stalking toward Peter like he was his prey. Peter shivers and holds back a whimper."You wanna act like a slut, baby boy? Huh?" Tony snarls, tugging Peter to his knees by his hair. Peter whines and grips his wrist, hips bucking once he's upright. "Fine then. I'll treat you like one. Open your fucking mouth." Peter presses his lips together and glares up a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rough Sex
spitting
Possessive Behavior
Jealous Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
Underage Sex
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
spitting in mouth
Degradation
Humiliation
Name Calling
idk if i missed anything
Hair-pulling
Face Slapping
Deepthroating
Daddy Kink
Unbeta'd
no betas we first draft like men
cumming untouched

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

