Work Text:
“Um, I have a small problem over here,” Peter said without preamble when Tony picked up the call.“How small?” Tony asked, standing from his stool, already on the way to a suit.“Uh… about twelve inches long?” Peter’s voice trembled.“… What?”“I got stabbed.” Tony immediately took off as the suit close around him, zooming toward Queens.“Ok, next time, just say that. Don’t be cute about it,” he snapped.“Next time?” he heard Peter mutter, probably not meaning to be heard.Tony landed in the alley where Peter’s tracker said he was. He had to look for him for a moment, not immediately noticing that he was tucked behind a dumpster, sitting against the wall.Tony approached, trying to find where Peter was injured. His stomach lurched when he did.It looked like Peter was holding a piece of rebar next to his leg, but then his hand moved and the rebar stayed, protruding from either side of Peter’s thigh, one end dark with blood. Tony had to swallow back a mouthful of bile.“Oh, hey,” Peter breathed as Tony came closer. His mask was off, showing his pale, sweaty face. He was breathing hard, his face scrunched up in pain.“Hi, kid. How does getting that looked at sound?” Tony crouched next to him. The wound looked worse up close.“Good,” Peter said. “My, uh…, my leg isn’t working right for some reason. I don’t think I can walk.”“That’s ok. You up for an aerial tour of Midtown?”Peter nodded, closing his eyes.Tony went to pick Peter up, but then hesitated. “We should probably stabilize that. I don’t want to jostle it.”Peter’s face went a little green at the thought of the rebar getting bumped. He nodded jerkily again, looking down at his leg.“Ugh,” he groaned. “That looks really gross.”“Yeah, it does,” Tony agreed. It took Peter a minute to spray a thick layer of webbing on either side of his leg, but then they were ready to go. Tony carefully scooped Peter into his arms, trying really hard not to aggravate the foot long piece of metal sticking out of the kid’s leg.The flight to the tower was short, but Tony got the feeling that it took all of Peter’s concentration not to pass out on the way.“I’ve got someone for you to meet, Underroos,” Tony said as they landed on balcony.“This’ll make a great first impression,” Peter muttered weakly. Tony tried to smother his laugh: this was a serious situation.“I’m going to set you down for a minute, alright? So I can get the suit off.”Peter nodded, sliding out of Tony’s arms. He clutched at the railing of the balcony, looking about two seconds from falling over.Tony quickly shed the suit, stepping over to Peter as soon as it was off. He wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled Peter’s arm over his shoulders.“Ok, Pete, we just got a little ways to the medbay, alright? There’s a surprise there for you and everything,” he wheedled, hoping a little incentive would help the kid walk on his own.“Cool, cool,” Peter said. “Let’s go.”They took one step forward and Peter’s leg gave out. Tony caught him, readjusting his grip and hoisting Peter back into his arms.“Oof. Should’ve kept the suit on,” he grumbled to himself.“Sorry,” Peter panted as he turned his face into Tony’s shoulder. He was clutching at his shirt with shaking hands, and Tony was reminded (as if he could ever forget) of how young Peter was.“This is embarrassing,” Peter added as they made their way down the hall.Tony didn’t answer, too preoccupied with not dropping the injured kid in his arms.The medbay doors opened automatically as Tony approached. He staggered in, hurrying to the nearest bed to deposit his, surprisingly heavy, charge. He tried to be gentle setting him down, but Peter still had to bite back a sob as his hurt leg was bumped.“Sorry, sorry,” Tony quickly apologized. Peter waved him off, still breathing harshly.Bruce was waiting for them. He hurried forward, his face twisted in disgust at Peter’s leg. Tony had had FRIDAY warn him, and pull up all the files on Peter. He already knew medicine did almost nothing for him.“What happened?” He asked, leaning down to examine the webbing holding the rebar still.“Haven’t gotten to that yet,” Tony said briskly. “Bruce, meet Peter. Peter, Bruce.”Peter opened his eyes for the first time since entering the medbay.“Oh, man,” he whispered. “That’s Bruce Banner and I got carried in here in Iron Man’s arms. This is both the best and worst day of my life.”Tony let him finish his rant, eyebrow raised as he tried not to smile.Bruce seemed a little baffled by Peter, not quite sure how to handle his remark.“Uh, hi, Peter. I’m Bruce. I’m going to take care of your leg, if that’s alright.”“Sounds great. And then maybe we can pretend I walked in here on my own, barely noticing the giant piece of metal sticking out of my leg, preferably saying something very intelligent?” Peter suggested, looking sheepish.Bruce laughed, then seemed surprised that he had.“Sure, Peter. Anything you say.”Peter nodded and then collapsed back onto the cot, covering his face with one arm. Tony sidled up next t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter
Science Bros
Father-Son Relationship
Injury
Hurt/Comfort
Humor

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

