Work Text:
 
a prologue
 Peter hates assignments like this, when J. Jonah Jameson apparently runs out of photographers and has to send him out to cover the celebrity superhero beat. He’s certain it’s because he’s an action photographer who takes pictures of heroes and villains that he’s the first to come to Jonah’s mind for these things. And sure, the extra paycheck that he doesn’t even need to get punched in the face for is nice, but he tries too hard to keep his life in the mask and out of it separate just for them to be brought together so casually. It feels too much like tempting fate.As it is, he’s already run into Logan while photographing the X-Men, who gave him a funny look once he realized who he was. He’s also been vigilantly dancing out of Stephen Strange’s line of sight, since the sorcerer knows his face, if not his name.Fortunately—or perhaps not, he thinks with a sinking feeling as he spots the Fantastic Four through the crowd—most of the guests are big-name superheroes meant to be as much an attraction themselves as the pieces of art they are all ostensibly here to view. Most of them have had only fleeting interactions with Spider-Man that are too few and far between so he's fairly hopeful no one will be able tell who he is. So Peter just takes pictures, keeps his mouth shut, and jots down a few observations in a notebook for the lifestyle editor to make an accompanying write-up out of. He steers clear of known telepaths, avoids all the former spies, and dodges Reed and Sue’s family.After an hour, he’s ready to call it quits, but there’s a buffet that keeps getting replenished and an open bar (not that he drinks), so he mentally shrugs. Why not? All the other press are clumped together at one end of the bar and have been attempting to get plastered since the night started. It would be more peculiar if he alone never took advantage of the free food and drinks.Peter loads up a tiny plate with even tinier canapés and takes it to the opposite end of the bar, away from his tipsy rival reporters, and asks a bartender for a lemonade.He’s just popped his third smoked salmon on a biscuit into his mouth while checking his pictures when it happens: the faintest tingle of spider-sense along the back of his skull. Almost nothing, really, just the tiniest whisper of alarm.And then a voice behind him, low and familiar, speaks, “Wow, those are great pictures. I don’t think you managed to get any of me, though. But I can be persuaded to do a private shoot, if you want.”Peter almost drops his camera, whipping his head around only to find the Human Torch’s face entirely too close, looking over his shoulder at the screen.Johnny Storm turns his own head at the movement and gives him a slow wink.Peter takes a breath at precisely the worst moment, sucking in air, sure, but also a half-chewed biscuit and chunk of fish. It lodges in his throat and stays there.Of course—Peter thinks dimly, having the presence of mind to set his camera down on the counter before flailing wildly, eyes growing wide as he points at his own throat—only Johnny Storm can set off his spider sense with a pick up line so terrible, it’s about to make him choke to death.  
 Johnny’s used to people’s exaggerated reactions when they meet him. There have been fainting, screaming, standing stock still out of shock, and the occasional few who tried way too hard to pretend they don’t care, it’s only Johnny Storm, big deal, oh my God, can we take a picture?But this has never happened before.At first, it looks like the usual panicked flailing, the cute guy’s eyes bugging out in surprise. But then he’s slapping his palm on the bar top, hard enough to crack what must be vinyl tiles designed to look like granite, and his face is growing redder and redder. When he grabs Johnny by the front of his shirt, brows now furrowed in accusatory rage despite the wheezing issuing from between his parted lips, Johnny realizes what’s actually happening.Cute Guy is choking.Johnny spins him around immediately, his hand going to smack him, right between the shoulder blades.It hurts. It fucking hurts because the guy’s muscles are like solid steel.Damn. Cute and buff.Wow, Johnny, this is so not the time.His mind attempts to recall as much as it can about the Heimlich maneuver—he knows it, he’s done it, but for some reason his brain is catching on something. He wraps his arms around the distressed man’s torso (rock hard abs, what) and struggles to squeeze, even though he just won’t stop squirming—“Stand aside,” someone huge and blond orders imperiously, shoving Johnny aside with ease and taking his place. He blinks in surprise when he realizes it’s actually Thor himself, doing the Heimlich in a way that shows obvious experience with the move.The cute guy Johnny has nearly killed with a cheesy pick-up line makes an odd noise, and there’s definitely the sound of creaking bone there, but in the next moment something goes flying out of his mouth and falls wetly on the other side of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Identity Reveal
Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Misunderstandings
Mutual Pining
Alternate Universe
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

