Work Text:
"Please tell me you did not kidnap that child," Steve asked wearily.Deadpool, facing away from Steve a few meters in front of him, froze in the middle of stomping a dead Chitauri's head in and went ramrod straight, his free hand jerking up into a salute. "Captain! I did not kidnap this child, Captain!" he belted out at a volume that echoed through the mostly-empty streets.Sleepy brown eyes of a child peered over Deadpool's shoulder from the inside of an adult-side hoodie, always keeping Steven in sight as he circled the mercenary. When Steve got around to the front of the pair, it looked more like Deadpool was cradling a lump of fabric to his hip and side rather than a child, if it weren't for the dirty, tear-streaked face turned Steve's way."Where did you get that child and what were you planning on doing with him?" Steve was beyond tired after hours of dealing with the Chitauri, and he barely had the energy to help the city crews with cleanup, much less handle Deadpool."Poor Petey-Pie's parents and aunt and uncle fell asleep in the attack and aren't waking back up so I'm going to take him home to take care of him," Deadpool said cheerfully, patting the little boy's back with the hand not holding him. Although, that hand was holding a gun, one that was probably loaded and safety off so it was past time for Deadpool to hand the child over."Why don't you hand him to me and we'll have medical services give him the all clear and find him a new home?" Steve asked kindly, stepping forward and holding out his hands.Deadpool's face fell. "I can't keep him?" he asked sadly, looking down into the boy's face."He's not a pet, Wade," Steve said gently. "He requires even more constant attention than a pet does. Do you think you can give that to him?"There was a clank of metal at Steve's side and Steve shot Stark a warning glare to keep him quiet. The Iron Man's visor clanked up to reveal a frown as Stark crossed his arms, but he stayed mercifully silent.For a long minute, Deadpool didn't speak either. In fact, he didn't do anything other than look into the boy's face. "You be a good boy for Captain America now, 'kay Petey?" Deadpool finally said softly before pressing a masked kiss to the boy's forehead. The gun in his hand was spun and holstered, and then Deadpool was lifting the child from his hip and holding him out to Steve. But the second Steve touched Peter, the boy started screaming and crying, and Deadpool yanked him back into his chest, the child throwing his arms around Deadpool's neck and cries turning into snivels."Yep okay nope. Baby boy's sticking with me," Deadpool declared.Before Steve could firmly but gently dissuade Deadpool of the notion, Stark finally spoke up. "Kidnapping, Deadpool? Is that where you're at these days?""Zero percent kidnapping, 100 percent daddy-mode," Deadpool said, curling one arm tight around the boy and leaving the other to rest at his side, hand lingering near his gun.Tony stared him. "You are not raising that child.""I am now," Deadpool said, voice firm. "Aren't I, Petey?" he asked, turning his face to nuzzle the boy's in the hoodie. "We're going to have a grand ol' time of it, aren't we?"Steve caught a glimpse of Tony about to go apoplectic and stepped in closer. "Wade, maybe we should-" was as much as he got out before the other man, surprisingly, interrupted him."You try to take him again and you're going to be down a limb, Cap," Deadpool warned, voice a strange cold sort of cheerful that Steve had never had directed at him before. For all that Deadpool apparently looked up to him, he'd almost immediately replaced his Captain America hero worship with concern for the child he was holding. "Baby boy wants to stay with me then baby boy's staying with me."For a long moment, Steve stared him down, his own conviction wavering in the face of Deadpool's. And then Steve's conviction collapsed completely to the sound of the little boy's soft, muffled sobs."We're putting a lot of faith in you, letting you take him, Wade," Steve said solemnly. "We're going to be watching to make sure that he's being fed and clothed properly. We'll help you get him into school and if needed, we'll help you get him to and from school. If we find his care slipping, we will find him a home where he'll be properly taken care of. Do we have a deal?""Roger, Rogers," Deadpool said as he snapped into another salute."We find one one hair out of place on that kid and we're going to take him, no matter how much he screams," Stark promised darkly with a stab of his finger.Deadpool gasped and curled both arms tight around the boy, turning his shoulder as if to shield Peter from Tony. "No take-backsies!" he yelped and then turned and sprinted away, sure-footed despite the debris littering the streets, and quickly vanished from view.Tony's ire turned on Steve. "I sure as hell hope you know what you're doing, Cap," Stark practically growled out. "Fingers crossed you didn't just condemn that kid."There was the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Canon Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Orphan Peter Parker
Foster Dad Wade
Parent Wade Wilson
Non-Powered Peter
Daddy Wade
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Kinda?
Peter is a brat
(aka: Peter starts it)
Underage Sex
Frottage
Non-Consensual Frottage
Pseudo-Incest
Father/Son Incest
Daddy Kink
Underage Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Light BDSM
Light Dom/sub
Dom Wade Wilson
Sub Peter Parker
Punishment
Spanking
First Time
Virgin Peter Parker
Anal
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Possessive Wade Wilson
Prompt Fill
Spitefic

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

