Chapter 1: New Insights
    




Chapter Text
Stephen could see the regret in Captain America's face; whenever he thought no one was watching him, he'd look at Tony Stark with a sad look written on his face.At the time he assumed, just like everyone else, it was because of the Accords, and the frankly childish way they all had handled it. But as time passed, and Stephen got to know Tony and Steve a bit better, it was pretty obvious it was something that ran deeper than a simple disagreement.He had a strong feeling it had something to do with the Winter Soldier, and the way Stark rarely spared a glance towards the soldier outside of the strictly necessary, even during missions. They seemed to have a barely civil relation, but that was all.His suspicions where confirmed one afternoon, when he overheard a fight between the Captain and Stark. He'd never seen Stark's face so devoid of any emotion, in contrast to the Cap's frustrated and furious face.“...Rhodey welcomed the lot of you with opened arms, so please tell me gain, just how is it that I'm "poisoning” the team’s dynamics with my attitude?"“Then what is it Tony? Why do you keep that attitude towards the team? towards me?”Stephen hadn't wanted to eavesdrop on them, he was on the upper floor of the open ceiling common room, waiting for the elevator, and it seemed that none of them had noticed his presence. He felt he had no business hearing any of their arguments, so he decided he needed to get out of there. At that point, opening a portal started to seem like his best and swiftest form of scape, seeing as how long the elevator was taking. Just as he was about to leave to do just that, he heard Stark's voice, it was barely a whisper.“Did it ever occur to you, that all I wanted was an apology?”Rogers immediately took a defensive stance. “Tony, I will not apologize for standing up for what I thought was the right thing, for saving an innocent man’s life...”“And I'm gonna have to stop you right there Rogers, because that's the sort of bullshit that's made me lose all interest and respect in you”Stephen could no longer see their faces, but he could only imagine the Cap’s bewildered face at those words.“Tony, what...?”“You know, it took me a long time to see it, but even a fifteen-year-old showed more compassion for my parents’ death than you've ever shown. A simple`Tony, I'm sorry your parents were murdered by my best friend, he was brainwashed, but that does not make your grief and your loss any less valid’ would've been a good start”Stephen had heard enough, he made his scape, but not before taking a last look at Roger’s ashamed face.A horrible realization hit him just then, Tony Stark had been working alongside the man who had (willingly or not) murdered his family, and it seemed that Rogers had known all along.As he made his way back to the library, he wondered just how much of a hell Stark had gone through, and why he kept going along with it. It suddenly dawned on him just how deeply Stark’s commitment with protecting the world ran.He hadn’t initially bought the image he was presented with, surely, a man like Stark must get some sort of benefit from playing a role as a superhero. He’d clearly misjudged the man.In that moment he gained a new sense of respect for Anthony Stark, and suddenly, the man itself seemed far more intriguing than he'd once thought possible.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Drabble Collection
Team Dynamics
new avengers team
Old Avengers Team
Team Iron Man
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
not team Cap friendly
Bad English
Writing Exercise
Not Beta Read
Mild Gore
IronStrange

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

