Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The knocking on the door was what woke him up. With a groan, Loki rolled over in bed to reach for his alarm clock. His bleary half-opened eyes made out the red lines on the clock face showing 4:12. Loki sighed, but the knocking on the door was back, so he forced himself to half-roll half-tumble out of bed. His back and leg were aching horribly, but he ignored that and got to his feet. He grabbed up the pair of leather pants he'd worn the night before and haphazardly pulled them up even while he stumbled out of his bedroom. Loki kicked the obnoxiously blue and white flower-patterned couch that came with the apartment as he passed by it, but the figure with his head buried under some pillows didn't stir even a little bit.Trying his best to not limp as his leg and back continued to scream at him, Loki started for the entrance of his shoddy little home. Loki grabbed a knife from the kitchen as he passed by and then opened the apartment door. He sighed at the sight of the fourteen-year-old standing there with his bookbag slung over his shoulder. Loki didn't spot any marks on the boy's face or arms, which was at least a good thing. "Dad locked me out," the teen muttered."Probably drunk off his ass," Loki sighed again and reached over to push the thin braids back behind the kid's ear before putting a hand on his slightly too thin shoulder. "Come on," he said with a nod to the apartment.The teen trudged into the apartment and dropped his book bag on the ground. "You have homework, Sleipnir?" Loki asked as he closed the door and put the knife back in the mostly empty wooden block it came from. Sleipnir shook his head. "Are you lying to me?" Loki asked. Sleipnir hesitated and glanced up at Loki with big dark eyes, but then shrugged. "Uh huh. Best get started on it then."Sleipnir made a face but sat down at the rickety table and dragged his bag over to start rummaging around it in. There was no point in Loki trying to get back to sleep. He would have to get up again before he managed it. Loki started up the coffee maker in the kitchen and went to the couch. He rolled his eyes at the half-buried figure and reached over to shake the one sleeping there by the shoulder. That earned him a grunt and a halfhearted attempt to swat his hand away. "Wake up, Peter," Loki ordered.There was an indistinct grumble from under the pillow and blanket, and Loki sighed. "Wake up. I need you to watch Sleipnir," Loki said."I can look after myself," Sleipnir volunteered."Of course you can, Sleipnir, but Peter should be awake anyway," Loki replied.Sleipnir made a face. "He's only a year older than me," he grumbled as he flipped through one of his books.Peter finally pushed himself up and yawned widely. His hair was a tousled mess, and his eyes bloodshot. "When'd you get in last night?" Peter asked blearily. "You weren't when I fell asleep.""You shouldn't wait up for me," Loki said instead of answering."If you'd let me help you-""Absolutely not," Loki snapped. "You're only fifteen!""You were doing it at fifteen!" Peter argued."And that's exactly why you're not!" Loki snarled. "You're a kid, and you should be in school."Peter huffed and folded his arms. They'd had this argument about a hundred times ever since Loki had offered Peter a couch to crash on. Peter had run away from the foster house he'd been placed in after the car crash that killed his uncle and put his aunt into a coma that she still hadn't woken up from. Loki had caught Peter scaling the side of the building to get to an unlocked window, and while it was impressively bold, it was also incredibly stupid and dangerous. It had taken Loki a solid three weeks and a downpour to coax Peter into the apartment. "Pietro and Wanda work the street!" Peter argued."Pietro and Wanda don't live in my apartment!" Loki shot back. Not that Loki hadn't attempted to get the twins off the streets. But Pietro and Wanda only trusted each other, and Loki wasn't even sure where they slept. Hell, Loki couldn't be sure of seeing them each week since they seemed to roam to wherever they wanted.Peter huffed and glared off to the side. Sleipnir glanced between the two of them uneasily. He wasn't a fan of arguing, although Sleipnir had to admit it was nice not to be the one being yelled at for once. "Today's Friday," Peter muttered."So?" Loki asked as he went to pour a mug of coffee and added several spoons of sugar to it."So... if you let me out this weekend, I'll go to school again Monday?" Peter offered.Loki hesitated for a minute. Peter was insanely smart, and it was a real shame that he didn't go to school regularly anymore, and Loki was continually looking for a way to get him to go back. But Loki also couldn't abide that particular bargain. He carried the mug of coffee over to the couch and handed it to Peter. "No dice, Pete."Peter scowled, even as he took the coffee. "But you need the money!""I manage," Loki replied evenly. "Now, Sleip... you see the terrible trio around?" Sl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Loki's Children (Marvel)
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Loki & Peter Parker
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Prostitution
Gay Sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Parent-Child Relationship
Adopted Children
Child Neglect
Implied/Referenced Drug Addiction
Happy Ending
unpredictable updates
Prostate Massage
Anal Fingering
Sex Toys
Dirty Talk
Switching
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
SHIELD Is An Escort Service Now
Because of Reasons
and its funny
Consent Issues
Sexual exploration
Kink Negotiation
Loki's A Prostitute So There's a Lot of Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Past Sexual Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Slow Build
One Night Stands
Rare Pairings
Mythology References
Mama Loki
Seduction
Seducer Loki
Chronic Pain
disabled Loki
Crossdressing
but for plot reasons
mostly - Freeform
Threesome - F/M/M
One off pairings
Past Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Panic Attacks
Mental Health Issues
Non-Consensual Drug Use
background spideypool
background stucky

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Loki's Children (Marvel)
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Loki & Peter Parker
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

