Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Wanda smirked to herself as Stark jumped in fear a she turned on the coffee pot with a quick fash flash. The red wasn’t noticeable to the whole room, but it was definitely noticeable to the man trying to grab the coffee pot. Wanda gave a little wave, witb tiny sparks of red jumping from finger to finger as Stark glanced at her fearfully. He looked back at the coffee pot before shaking his head and fleeing the room. The whole room looked up in surprise at Stark's retreating back.Wanda couldn’t help the sense of pride that flooded her. Good, Stark deserved to suffer for his crimes. He deserved it for what he did to her family.“What’s up with Stark?” Sam asked as he walked over to the fridge. “He wasn’t even in here a minute before fleeing.”“He probably didn’t want to spend time around me." Wanda said with a pout. “He obviously doesn’t like me.” She let her lip tremble a little at her words as she sent out a small wave of sympathy throughout the room.“Wanda,” Steve said with sympathetic eyes. “I’m sure that’s not it. Tony probably just feels guilty about what happened to your family. As bad as it is, you’re a reminder of his mistake.”“How are we supposed to change that?!” Wanda wailed, letting a few tears out before hiding her face in her hands. “Whdnever he sees me, he runs off! I don’t want to hide in my own home!!!”Wanda felt Natasha and Steve put a comforting hand on her shoulder. Wanda smirked as she sent another wave a sympathy, this time with a little bit of anger towards Stark.“We can’t let this continue.” Steve said with a stern voice. “I’m going to make it mandatory for Tony to join us for team bonding events. Tony may not be a main member of the Avengers anymore, but he is still a reserve member and lives in the same building as us. If this is going to work, we need to be getting along.”Wanda heard everyone agree with Steve’s word and her smirk grew behind her hands. Easy as pie.*****Over the next few months, Stark was forced to spend more and more time in the group’s presence. Training, movie nights, dinners, breakfasts, everything they did Stark had to join. And every opportunity she got, Wanda struck. She made sure to always use her powers around him, even when it wasn’t necessary. Stark wanted a bowl of grapes? She floated it over to him. They were putting a movie in? She turned the television on with her powers. Stark was heading to the common room bathroom? She opened the door and flicked on the bathroom lights with a flash of red.Every time Stark saw her powers at work, he flinched a little more. The fear radiating from him was amazing. It was overwhelming. It was, delicious. She didn’t even have to affect his mind to cause this fear. All it took was a few flicks of her fingers and his body was flooded with fear.While Wanda loved every second of this, she soon wanted more. She wanted Stark to suffer. She wanted him to fall apart at the seams.After living in the compound for 6 months, she struck. Every night, when Stark was asleep, she accessed his mind and took over his dreams. At first, it was little things. Dreams where he was constantly walking down a hall, dreams where he couldn’t escape an empty and dark room. Those dreams soon evolved into Avengers missions gone wrong with his teammates turning against him. Missions where everywhere Stark turned there was only death. Dreams where Stark was trapped in space and fleets were approaching Earth. It wasn’t hard to make Stark live through his worst fears. He had so many.After a few weeks, Stark was barely sleeping. The most he appeared to get was an hour or two a night. Whenever Wanda saw Stark, her glee grew at the large and bruised eye bags he had. At how pale he looked. At how skinny he was becoming. The only problem she had with the whole situation was the fact that Pietro wasn’t here to see her success. Pietro would've loved to see Stark  finally  pay for his crimes. Wanda cherished her dreams where Pietro was alive and they worked together to finish Stark off.One night, Wanda woke up with a jolt and was unable to prevent a sob from breaking free. Her dream had been amazing. It had been so  real . Pietro had survived Ultron and they both joined the Avengers. Stark stayed far away the team and everyone else quickly became their new family. After some time, they finally extracted their revenge and Stark suffered. It was beautiful, a masterpiece!Why couldn’t that dream be true? Why couldn’t Pietro have survived? Why did Stark have to make Ultron?Wanda let out a scream as anger surged through her body. Stark deserved to suffer! Stark had to pay for his crimes!A wave of red went crackling throughout her body and the room, causing the power in the building to surge and shut down. “Shit.” She whispered. It was going to be hard to explain this to everyone else. But a few doe eyes and tears would fix it all. She got her tears flowing before heading into the hall.“Wanda! Are you okay?” Sam asked as he ran up to her. “Why 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Wanda Friendly
Brainwashing/Manipulation
Mental Torture
Team Tony
Dark
Depressing

fandom: 
None
