Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry had often wondered, thought, gazed longingly into the distance, wanted to  meet  his soulmate. It was such a rare thing to have, it was said to be someone’s perfect match, their destiny.  Well,  Harry thought sardonically  I would know a thing or two about destiny  . When he’d been eleven and found out that not only was he a wizard, but he was  The Boy Who Lived  , thinking about the two curved lines on his wrist had come in third. Not that people hadn’t noticed. Most thought it was a matter of course that  The Chosen One  would have a soulmate, and what a lucky person they’d be, and found it appropriate to tell Harry how lucky  he was, of all things. Then they’d remember who exactly they were talking to, get a horrified look on their face, and back away slowly, as if from a frightened animal. Or so it went most times.
 
After a few years, most people in Hogwarts had got over it, it was like seeing his scar to them.  Though there were some that never got over that either, he thought bitterly. When the war had been over and done with, Harry had pretty much up and left. He felt sad and dismayed over his break up with Ginny, more than anything, having to tell her he couldn’t do it anymore, because he was no longer Harry Potter The Boy Who Lived, he was Harry Potter Master of Death, and he had to figure out for himself who that was. There was also the fact that Harry had stopped aging after coming back, and sooner or later time would pull them apart, even if they stayed together. Harry had started trying to come to terms with everyone he knew and loved dying. He was getting there. Maybe.
 
So he’d finished his eighth year, after strangely becoming friends with Draco Malfoy and then having the realization that soon this new person he’d barely started knowing, and actually liking, would die too. Soon would be a relative term, but since he had eternity now (or at least until the end of death), he thought it was okay for him to use it. He’d tried being an Auror for a few years, but he was tired of the chase, and way too many people died in this line of work for him to ever be completely comfortable. He didn’t even know what his title meant yet, he just knew the hollows obeyed him, considered him their master, and he had no choice in the matter. He hadn’t actually started seeing dead people, or having to pass souls over the divide, so at least there was that.
 
After his flopped attempt at being a dark wizard catcher, Harry had, well, stopped trying anything altogether. He’d been hiding in Grimmauld place for a few years, but too many people knew where it was, and too many memories haunted the place, and also there was Kreacher. So he’d left it to Teddy and Andromeda and portkeyed to New York, the land of the free and all that other crap. The wizarding community there was tightly knit, and a little too much on the wrong side of weird to Harry, so he never tried immersing. Half the reason he’d left had been not seeing people around him die. At least not those he cared about.
 
And then the attack on New York happened, and Harry had felt the skin of his wrist burn for the very first time. It had felt surreal, the knowledge that one of those in the battle would be his destiny. He’d tried keeping up with the Muggle news after moving to New York and deciding to live the rest of his infinity in peace, and he knew who most of them were. He knew they’d all been in New York before, and he knew his wrist had never felt even remotely warm then. So that left him two options, The God of Thunder, or the God of Lies and Mischief. The old Harry would have been a little horrified at the second prospect, but his present self had no discerning opinions over good or evil anymore. The world was not black and white, and death certainly made no difference between heroes and villains. He didn’t necessarily condone murder, but he wasn’t exactly a saviour anymore. Everybody died, eventually. Well, he was not certain regarding Asgardians, but he’d have to look into that later.
 
When Thor had come back alone to defeat whatever the bloody hell that thing in London had been, Harry had known. His skin hadn’t warmed, not even when The God of Thunder had come to visit his friends in New York. The deal had been sealed then. He thought about it a lot. An alien was to be his perfect match, another part of his soul, lost in the vastness of space, probably in a prison on his home planet. Harry had had complicated in his life before, but this was getting ridiculous. He wanted to meet him, so badly. Of course he did, it was the natural reaction to have, and he wondered if Loki had felt it too. If his skin had warmed and his brain had stuttered with the realization that his mate was on Earth, the planet he had tried to conquer with an alien army. Harry sighed. He supposed they had millennia to find each other again, but Harry didn’t want to wait. He had finally found someone who wouldn’t die and leave him behind. He wanted
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasly (mentioned)
Steve Rogers/ Bucky Barnes (mentioned)

freeform: 
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Romantic Fluff
Romantic Soulmates
Little bit of angst
Like very little
Falling In Love
Love at First Sight
Romantic Comedy
? maybe ?
I try to be funny
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon divergence - Thor Ragnarok

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasly (mentioned)
Steve Rogers/ Bucky Barnes (mentioned)

