Work Text:
 
Tony Stark stepped off the boarding ramp and into the docking bay of the Temple, the familiar hum of being surrounded by Force-sensitive souls settling deep into his bones. It had been a stultifying day at the Senate chambers, and he was tired of sitting still.
James Rhodes found him on the way to the salles, his long brown robes swishing behind him, looking every bit the Jedi Master he was. Not that Tony was jealous; he would rather remain a Knight then have to sit in boring Council meetings every day. And if anyone deserved it, it was Rhodey.
“Tones,” Rhodey greeted. “How was Senate?”
“Just for asking that question, you are my victim of choice tonight,” Tony grumbled, weaving his way through the crowd of younglings leaving the refectory.
“Oh, please. You never beat me unless you cheat,” Rhodey scoffed. That was true, but Tony didn’t look at it as cheating, merely being creative and using all the resources at his disposal. It had saved his life more times than he could count, and he wasn’t going to stop now.
“I don’t know,” Tony argued for the mere sake of arguing. “I’ve been listening to pompous senators debating the finer points of Chandrilan trade deals the entire day, I’m in the mood to thrash someone.”
Rhodey raised an eyebrow. Despite Tony’s tough talk, he was not usually one for dueling to release pent up tension. He preferred to hide in the underbellies of the Temple, repairing ships and scrapped droids.
Regardless of his usual activities, tonight Tony determinedly led them through the winding lower levels until they reached the largest dojo. Again, rather odd. Tony tended to keep to the smaller, less used private rooms.
There were several junior padawans already there, dueling and running through kata under the watchful eye of the Swordmistress, Master Natasha Romanoff. When the two masters joined them they respectfully drew to one side of the room, leaving plenty of space for the two to spar.
Tony shed his long cloak, dropping it in a corner as he adjusted the setting on his lightsaber, lowering it to training level. It flared to life, a blue so pale it was practically white. The low humming of the crystal resonated in the Force and Tony smiled.
Rhodey’s own saber hissed into existence, green and steady. He smirked a little bit, dark eyes flicking over Tony’s relaxed stance.
In the corner, the padawans were slowing down, pausing to watch the duel.
Tony struck first. He always struck first.
The fight was fast, sabers screaming as they cut the air, spitting hot sparks as they connected, disengaged, and met again. Tony let himself sink into the Force, let it carry him as he jumped and twisted, his particular style of Ataru like a hurricane of white-blue fire around him.
Regardless of Tony’s impressive skill—and he was good. One of the best, if he was honest. It wasn’t pride if it was true—Rhodey was still better. A bastion of diligent obedience, Rhodey preferred a standard form of Soresu that Tony had yet to break through consistently.
By the end of the battle, they were both panting and sweaty, and every padawan in the dojo had stopped to watch.
“Back to it,” Master Romanoff said, ushering them along. She cast a fond glare over her shoulder at Tony and Rhodey as the padawans snapped back into action. All except one, who had been practicing kata at an almost alarming speed before they’d taken the stage. He kept watching, and, just for a moment, met Tony’s eye.
Tony raised an eyebrow at him. The boy gave a short bow of apology across the room, then flicked his saber back to life and started drilling the Ataru Velocity 4 again.
Tony followed Rhodey to the changing rooms, eager to switch his damp tunic for a fresh one.
“That was Ben’s padawan,” Rhodey remarked as they entered.
“I remember.”
He did. Vividly.
Knight Ben Fitzpatrick had been killed on a mission only a week earlier. His padawan had been with him.
Tony hadn’t known Ben at all, barely familiar with his face and name. But when a Jedi died, everyone went to the funeral.
It was pure luck that had landed him directly across the amphitheater from the now master-less Peter Parker.
He remembered watching the boy, his face hidden by his dark cowl, like every other Jedi’s. Death was a reminder of anonymity, they said.
Just as the pyre lit up, a beam of pure light shooting from the floor where they had laid Ben’s body, Peter looked up. Their eyes met across the space and the Force sang. It was unlike anything Tony had ever experienced.
It was as if, in that heartbeat of eye contact, Tony had known Peter. His grief, his guilt, his fear. All those things a good Jedi released to the Force, it was if Peter was releasing them to him, instead, trusting them over to Tony to absolve him of. And, even stranger, Tony found himself welcoming the emotion, the turmoil, found himself longing to take them from this child.
Ben had taken Peter as his padawan at ten years old. They’d been together four years before Ben was killed. He was still so young, so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Star Wars Setting
Master & Padawan Relationship(s)
jedi order
Hurt/Comfort
Minor Injuries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

