Work Text:


   “What are you watching?” Peter asked, leaning over Ned’s shoulder during lunch.“Buzzfeed Unsolved,” Ned replied, not looking up from the screen. Peter’s best friend had one headphone in, hunched over his phone and ignoring his lunch as he watched. “There’s a new episode out about the disappearance of Peter Quill.”“Who’s that?” Peter asked and Ned shrugged.“Some kid that went missing like thirty years ago. Literally gone. No trace. No clues. Poof – into thin air.”“It’s probably aliens,” Michelle said from across the table. Peter had been informed that Michelle’s friends called her MJ. Peter was not there yet.“You think?” Peter asked.She shrugged, looking up from whatever book she was reading. “I mean, aliens exist. There’s a lot of evidence for it. Aliens are the only things I can imagine would take a kid so easily. Do you watch the show?”Peter glanced to Ned’s phone, catching sight of the two men talking to the camera. He shook his head. He’d never heard of it before.“Well, you should watch the episode that came out right after the battle of New York,” she said. “They had a fucking conniption. A joint one. They shared it. They did a bunch of episodes revisiting the alien theories, only now they felt validated, you know?” - That night, Peter opened his laptop in bed. It was already getting dark outside, and the street lights in their neighbourhood had flickered on outside his window. He thought Tony was in the lab – his parents had made an agreement that they would try to keep at least one of them in the house whenever Peter was in. It made everyone feel slightly safer, considering HYDRA might still be looking for him.Peter searched Buzzfeed Unsolved, letting thoughts of homework slip from his mind as he relaxed into his pillows. He didn’t feel like starting from the beginning of the show and scrolled through the episodes. He found the ones Michelle had mentioned, about the aliens, deciding to start there first.The first thing that appeared on the screen was two men. They stared at the camera for a second before the one on the right screamed “VINDICATION!” and the one on the left rolled his eyes, letting out a bark of laughter.Peter settled in to watch. - He’d been watching for almost two hours when he saw it. He could’ve sworn his heart skipped a beat. 
THE DISAPPEARANCE OF PETER STARK

 
Peter had both the urges to throw up and go find Tony. He wasn’t sure he wanted to be alone when he watched it, and he wasn’t sure he was going to keep his dinner down, either. They’d made an episode about him. About his disappearance.The only reason he didn’t go find Tony before hitting play was because he’d probably been through enough. Peter was gone for over ten years. He highly doubted his parents had avoided every article and conspiracy theory out there. He didn’t want to put either of them through it again.The episode was dated almost two years back. Long before he ever met the Avengers; he’d probably only been the Black Spider for a few months. They wouldn’t connect him to the HYDRA assassin; wouldn’t connect him to the blood and corpses he’d left in his wake.Still, he hit play. - 
“This week on Buzzfeed Unsolved, we’re covering the kidnapping of Peter Stark.” 
The screen showed the two men again – Shane and Ryan – sitting at their desk. In front of Ryan was his signature case file.“This is a biggie,” Shane said.“Oh yeah,” Ryan replied. “This was less than a decade ago. Everyone was talking about this one.”
“Do we have some outrageous conspiracy theories for this?”

“Totally. Without a doubt. Let’s get started.”
The screen flicked over, showing a greyscale photo of Peter as a child. The top half of his face was blacked out as if the whole world didn’t already know what he looked like. As Ryan detailed the history of the Starks and the event, the screen showed photos, magazine covers and newspaper clippings.
“So we all know the story of the Starks. Howard Stark developed technology back during World War II – was a personal friend to both Captain America and Peggy Carter. He helped start SHIELD, way back when. Howard Stark started Stark Industries, the leading weapon design company, married Maria Stark and had Anthony – AKA Tony Stark.”
“Ah, Iron Man,” Shane interrupted. “No super powers but still a super hero.”“Is he an inspiration to you?” Ryan asked, almost mockingly.
“If I had approximately a million dollars more than I do and the smarts to build a suit of armour, yeah. I wouldn’t call him an inspiration for us everyday joes, though.”

“No?”
“I’m more of a Hawkeye kind of guy,” Shane replied. “Not because I think he’s cooler or anything – but because he’s just a regular guy who can shoot a bow and arrow really, really well. Like, if I took three archery courses, I could be Hawkeye.”
“Could you?”

“I mean, yeah.”

“Isn’t he a spy though?”

“When have you ever seen Hawkeye do anything remotely secret agent related?”

“Well, isn’t that the point? You wouldn’t see it. It’s secret agent business.”
Peter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
buzzfeed unsolved - Freeform
Peter is Tony's Biological Child
He's also Pepper's biochild
Fluff
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
but they're not there yet

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

