Work Text:

“What the actual fuck am I seeing here?” 
 
Peter jumped at the sudden realization that he was no longer alone in the kitchen, and turned to face a fuming Tony. After placing down the pizza bagel he held, and wiping away stray crumbs from his face he went to explain himself as to why he was wearing a T-shirt and 

only 

a T-shirt. 
 
“Tony, I’m sorry,” Peter began rambling an apology, stumbling over every other word as he did when he spoke too quickly. “But, I-I don’t have any, any other clean clothes. They’re all in the - the dryer right now. When they - when they’re done, I’ll put on some pants as soon as I can, okay?” 
 
“You think this is about your lack of pants?” Tony glares while pointing at Peter’s chest. 
 
Peter looks down in confusion, trying to figure out why Tony is so upset. The overly large Captain America shirt that he’s in goes all the way down to his knees, so he’s really not being immodest-- oh. 
 
Peter sighs and gives tony an exasperated stare. He throws his arms up as if to say, 

Really? This is what has you so upset?

 “I thought you two made up?” 
 
“That’s besides the point, Parker.” Tony stumbles over grumpily. “What, is he your new favorite?”
 
“Oh my god.” Peter chokes out a laugh. “You are 

not 

doing this right now!”
 
In one swift motion, Tony reaches behind Peter’s head, and roughly grabs a clump of hair. Peter yelps as his head is forcibly arched backwards, and he’s starring helplessly at Tony’s scowling face. It’s clear that Tony’s had a bad morning and was just looking for an excuse to punish Peter. Which is a bit unfair, but Peter will take what he can get. 
 
“Go sit on the couch, and wait for me.” Tony demands.
 
So Peter does, and he’s been waiting for ten minutes. Boredom starts to set in, and he has to keep himself from sitting cross legged, or bringing his knees up to his chest because the overnight shirt that Tony hates with a passion, is quite literally the 

only 

thing that he’s wearing. 
 
The soft padding of footsteps interrupts his thoughts, and Peter looks up to see Tony still glowering at him to his left. Peter’s eyes shoot down to the new object that Tony is clutching in his hand and his face pales. 
 
“You’ve been bad, sweety.” Tony coos while slowly stepping forward. His lips curve upward when his wide-eyed Peter starts to back away, but he doesn’t stray too far. Tony makes out the light brush of pink that makes its appearance across his baby’s face. “Lean forward, and place your hands behind your back.” 
 
“Yes, daddy.” Peter immediately obeys and awaits his punishment with hooded eyes. 
 
He makes sure his forearms are practically touching as Tony begins wrapping them with the bondage tape he brought in. Moments later, he hears a tearing sound which signifies that Tony is done, and Peter feels himself being set up against the back of the couch again. He squirms in place. 
 
“Are you uncomfortable?” Tony asks while rubbing his shoulder. 
 
Peter nods his head. It was nothing he couldn’t handle. 
 
“Good,” Tony stretches out another length of the tape. “Now, spread your legs, and bring them up to your chest.” 
 
Peter’s frown deepens, and for a second plays with the idea of ignoring Tony’s demands. His thoughts are cut short when Tony glares at him further. Clearly the man is in no mood for disobedience. 
 
So, Peter begins by spreading his pale thighs, stretching the hem of his shirt along with them. There’s a small bump on his lower stomach that’s twitching slightly. 
 
“Hard already?” Tony laughs and Peter looks down in a mix of shame and arousal. “Come on, baby, you’re halfway there. Just lift those pretty legs for daddy.” 
 
Peter lifts both of his legs at the same time just to escalate this game of indignity that Tony is playing. All over a stupid shirt. As his legs come resting up against his chest, the action makes the shirt fold upwards, revealing his hardened cock pressed up against his stomach. Peter’s face deepens in color when he hears Tony gasp. 
 
As Tony begins to wrap up his legs individually, Peter notices his erection tenting in his sweatpants. Once he’s done, Tony stands back to marvel at his work. Peter’s toes curl in anticipation. He’s sat in the middle of the living room -- a wide open area where anyone can just walk in on them as they were. The imagery of it made Peter’s cock pulsate. 
 
“Gorgeous.” Peter blushes at the compliment he’s given. He looks up when Tony kneels in front of him. Sheathed erection directly in his face. “Get me off through my clothes. If you come, there’ll be another punishment waiting for you.” 
 
Peter doesn’t say anything, he just leans in and encloses his mouth over Tony’s clothed cock. Using his tongue to slide against the cotton fabric until it’s wet and he swears that he can taste the actual organ through it. 
 
“Oh, Peter, that’s good, baby.” Tony grabs the back of Peter’s head with one hand to stifle his actions, and he pushes himself in all the way back. He revels in the sound of P
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Punishment
Jealousy
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Bondage and Discipline
Mildly Dubious Consent
Dirty Talk
Large Cock
Cock Worship
Cock Slut
Cock Rings
Spitroasting
Double Penetration
Come Eating
Voyeurism
Peter is 18

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

