Chapter 1: Dark
    




Chapter Text
“Thanks again for dinner.” You rock your weight onto your toes, moving a fraction of an inch closer to him. Steve is holding your hand outside your front door. He’s facing you and he’s close enough to kiss you, if he wanted to. It’s the perfect evening for your first kiss with him. “My pleasure.” He brings your hand to his mouth and presses the back of your hand against his lips, maintaining eye contact with you. You hold your breath until he places your hand back down at your side. “Have a good night.” He gives a nod and turns to walk down the steps. You try to keep the smile on your face to hide your disappointment. You knew Steve was an old-fashioned guy, but you were hoping he’d at least kiss you on the lips. If only Steve could read your mind… You open your purse and dig around for your keys. When you find them, you turn your head and see Steve sitting in his car, waiting for you to enter the house before he drives away. You smile, thinking about what a sweetheart he is. You insert your key into the lock and open the door, waving to him with your free hand. He waves back and starts the engine. You enter the house, which is completely dark except for the moonlight shining through the window. After you close the door behind you, you look through the window and watch him drive away. Yes, if only Steve could read your mind, he’d know how turned on you are and that you desperately need some kind of release. You sigh. The trouble with nice boys is that they play it safe. And the trouble with bad boys is they’re too much trouble. If only I could marry the nice boy and fuck the…
 
“Did you have a good time?” A dark voice comes from several feet behind you. You jump and whip around, your heart racing. You bring a hand to your chest and, once you determine that you aren’t dying of shock, you look for the source of the voice. A man is sitting at your kitchen table and a beam of moonlight illuminates his eyes. You squint, trying to discern his identity. He is wearing a mask over his nose and mouth and the rest of his body remains shrouded in darkness. “What are you doing in my house?” You hope he can’t smell the fear on you. He remains silent but his eyes flicker, as if he knows you need an answer and is purposely withholding it from you. The silence makes you uneasy. You raise your voice. “Get out, or I’m calling the cops.” You intended for your voice to come out steady, but instead it wavers and is too high, almost like you’re about to cry. He slowly stands up and you notice how broad his shoulders are. Your eyes trail down his body and you notice his left arm is glinting in the moonlight, as if his sleeve is made of some shiny material. His other arm is encased in leather but you can tell it’s just as muscular. You wonder what each arm is capable of doing. What both arms are capable of doing together. You wonder how intense his workouts must be in order to maintain that kind of muscle. Stop it, you tell yourself, because you realize his hands are strong enough to crush your throat. You inhale sharply, hoping the extra oxygen will help you maintain your wits. As you stare at his arms, he approaches you slowly, his shoulders swaying as he saunters over to you. You’ve never seen a guy swagger quite like this before. You think it’s sexy for just a moment before pushing that thought out of your head. There’s a crazy guy in my house, I have no idea what he’s doing here, and I’m thinking about how sexy his walk is. You force yourself to stop staring at his upper body and instead lock eyes with him. You hope to shoot back an equal amount of dominance with your gaze – this is my territory, you think – but your eyes widen. As he draws closer to you, you can see his dilated pupils, a few locks of his brown hair falling in his eyes. His hair looks like he’s just had sex on top of the roof of a ten-storey building during a hurricane. He’s standing directly in front of you now and tilting his head down to look at you, causing more of his hair to fall into his eyes. You feel an impulse to brush his hair back with your fingers, although that might be due to your slight OCD tendencies. Definitely not due to the fact that you actually might want to run your hands through his hair. You don’t realize your hands are shaking until he brushes his fingertips against your hand and wraps his fingers around your wrist. You shiver; his touch is ice cold. You look down at his glinting arm. It’s solid metal. Despite the strength of his arm, his grip is gentle. You look back up at him. It couldn’t be…? Your lips part slightly as you search for a name. He watches you and his grip tightens. He pushes your hand down to the waistband of your jeans, where your cell phone is tucked away in your pocket. His grip is still loose, and you realize that you’re letting him guide your hand. No. I’m the one in control of my body, you think, and stiffen your arm so he can no longer guide your hand. Since his nose and mou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Knifeplay
Sexual Tension
Threesome - F/M/M
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs With Teeth
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Dominant Bucky Barnes
Condoms
Doggy Style
Oral Sex
I Blame Tumblr
Feels
Blindfolds
Restraints
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Up all night to get Bucky
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Non-Consensual Spanking
Protective Steve
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader

