Work Text:

Despite moving to San Francisco for a fresh start, Eddie had never been able to shake the feeling that his reputation preceded him. He’d given up setting foot in any newspaper offices back in New York. In the end, even the tabloid rags wanted nothing to do with him. 

 

That had been the final straw. Eddie packed a suitcase, sold his remaining possessions for cash, and bought a one-way ticket to the opposite side of the country. Though there was no point in suffering further humiliation at the hands of reputable newspaper outlets-- the Sin-Eater debacle had made national news, after all-- San Francisco’s journalism scene had its own thriving underbelly that either didn’t know or didn’t care.

 

Pride was the price Eddie had to pay to keep a roof over his head, apparently. Earlier that week he’d dropped off his resume with the bored-looking receptionist at the office of the Bay Area Truth Teller. The publication had caught his eye on newsstands at the seedier bodegas in his neighborhood. It screamed at him with headlines like “Giant Squirrels Among Us: The Secret Menace” and “What The Government Won’t Tell You About Swamp Gas”. Cringe-worthy, embarrassing... and, sadly, exactly the right speed for this stage of Eddie’s career, if he could even call it that anymore. When the old phone on the wall of his tenement room rang the following day, Eddie nearly jumped through the ceiling. He was pretty sure the last person who called him had been one of the divorce lawyers, what felt like an eternity ago.

 

This would be his first job interview in years and Eddie figured he ought to clean up a bit, regardless of how disreputable his prospective employer may be. He hadn’t been shaving regularly and his razor was dull. He flinched when it nicked into the skin just under his jaw. No sooner had a droplet of blood formed than a long tongue materialized to lap it up. Another lick, and the small wound fully closed.

 

“Thanks,” Eddie said, then smiled when the Symbiote’s face formed above his shoulder.

 

“Careful, Eddie,” the Symbiote chided him, “Today is important.”

 

“I guess,” Eddie replied, splashing water on his face, “Not exactly my dream job, but beggars can’t be choosers.”

 

“You need this,” the Symbiote said. 

 

Eddie responded with a noncommittal grunt, but he knew the Symbiote was right. Beyond the practicalities of food and shelter, there was the possibility of feeling like a normal, functional member of society again. Of being good for something, even if that something was dressing up outrageous fiction as fact. There was a time in Eddie’s life when he would’ve been appalled at the very notion-- yet another moral scruple that Peter Parker had neatly put an end to. 

 

Satisfied with his face and hair, Eddie adjusted the towel around his waist then stepped back into his room to dig through his small dresser. Threadbare t-shirts, hoodies, a couple pairs of jeans with holes in them. He frowned as he pulled out each piece of clothing, scrutinized it, then tossed it on the floor. The hoodies were the least raggedy-looking, but still nowhere close to professional attire. 

 

“Let me help,” the Symbiote said.

 

“What, you got money for new clothes stashed somewhere? Been holding out on me?” Eddie teased, his brow quirking.

 

“Have an idea. Watch.”

 

A tendril snaked down Eddie’s body to tug at the towel. 

 

“We don’t have time for that right now,” Eddie snapped. Physical intimacy with the Symbiote began as a slippery slope that rapidly turned into a free fall. It had been so easy, given the intense emotional connection they shared. Perhaps it should have been horrifying, or at least strange, but for Eddie it was the most natural thing he’d ever done. 

 

The Symbiote rippled with amusement. “Later. Don’t worry.”

 

Seemingly random memories began to burst into Eddie’s mind with vivid clarity: a sure sign that the Symbiote was rifling through them. It burrowed back before their time together, before they met, before the Sin-Eater, before his triumphs at the Daily Globe... to the very first time he’d ever set foot in those offices. 

 

The Symbiote coiled around his shoulders, swirling and seething, its mass occasionally flaring into random shapes. Then, inch by inch, it began to seep down his body. It wasn’t  until the Symbiote reached his pectorals that Eddie realized it was altering its form one coil a time like strands of yarn on a loom. Whatever it was doing appeared to require a lot of concentration, and Eddie stood very still. He didn’t resist when the Symbiote nudged his arms upward to continue its incremental progress. 

 

Eddie glanced down at his arm, glanced away... and then his entire head snapped back, eyes wide. A sleeve had appeared there. Dark navy blue with gold buttons at the cuff. His torso, he discovered, was now covered with what looked for all the world like a pressed shirt, maroon tie, and the notched lapels of a familiar suit jacket.

 

“Holy crap. How did
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Consentacles
Mouth Kink
Possessive Behavior
Immobility
Groping
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff and Smut
general silliness

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

