Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thursday nights were movie nights for you and a certain super soldier, the star-spangled man with a plan, Steve Rogers. So long as he didn't have a mission, of course. You two had been friends since you'd met in the chaos of the attack of the chitauri on the city. He'd saved your life with the iconic shield, flashed you that boyish grin of his and the rest was history. Your apartment was small but cozy, plenty room enough for you and the stray cat you sometimes housed on cold nights that you'd named Rufio, due to his black mane that stuck up in a mohawk down his spine. 
It's nearing 6 pm when three sharp knocks sound against your door and you fight the urge to roll your eyes. He would probably sense it behind the wood. The doorknob twists in your hand as you pull it open to see his smiling face, "You know, Rogers, you don't have to knock. It's not like I'm not expecting you." He frowns a little at that, rubbing the back of his neck, "You should always keep your door locked, (Y/N), and it's polite." At this point in your friendship you're pretty certain Steve and Bucky are single handedly keeping chivarly alive and well. 
He steps in anyway, dressed in his brown leather jacket, too-tight white collared t-shirt and too-tight blue jeans. Was there a super soldier baby gap for christ sake? No one's clothes should be that form fitting. Your own baggy t-shirt and yoga shorts aren't nearly as flattering, but it's not as if you're trying to impress him....well, not anymore. Half the time you weren't sure if Steve was into you or trying to court you or if you really were just friends. You gave up trying to figure it out. 
The look on your face must reveal the way your thoughts have trailed off, as Steve frowns while he toes off his shoes and hangs his jacket up on the hook by the door. "You okay? Something happen?" In a blink he steps into "Captain" mode, the stern set of his jaw and the fire in his eyes all too clear. You snort, "Stand down, Captain. Just spaced out for a second." When he relaxes only slightly you roll your eyes, "Seriously, sweep the apartment if you'd like. I'm gonna make some popcorn. You know the drill."
Halfway through the movie, curled into his side with a blanket over your legs, you realize you've made a mistake. Or rather, Steve does. The comedy movie on the screen is drowned out by the sound of his voice, tight and sharp, tense and commanding, "Doll, you know, it's customary to give a warning in situations like this." He hasn't taken his blue eyes off the screen, though his hand tightens into a fist against your hip. You can feel the bulge of his bicep as it, too, tightens behind your neck. Confusion hits you like a freight train, head cocked to the side to ask him what exactly the fuck he's on about.
Steve shakes his head, eyes still set firmly on the screen, "I should go." It sounds like he's struggling to hold his breath, "Your heat." He rasps as way of further explanation. You draw your bottom lip between your teeth, studying the side of his face, "My heat? It's not due for another week at least." The muscle twitching in his neck is distracting, right up to the light beard dusting over his jaw and the sharp lines of his cheekbones. Your mouth runs dry, an unexpected pulse thrumming insistently between your thighs. Shit. 
Already you can feel yourself get wet, smell Steve's cologne and something stronger underneath, like tart apples and something warmer---cinnamon? Whiskey? Whatever it is, it has you squeezing your thighs together tightly. "Steve, I'm sorry, I didn't realize.." Your eyes clench shut at the sudden swoop of pain in your lower abdomen and you bite down hard to hold in the whine struggling to fight its way out of your throat. Against your will your head drops against his shouler, face buried into his collarbone as you try to breathe through the pain.
Instantly his fingers unclench from your hip, soothe through the locks of your hair as he shushes you gently, "I really should go...." He swallows hard, finally has to draw in a deep breath if he doesn't want to pass out. A groan rumbles through his chest when he catches your scent. He doesn't even try to hold the sound back and it has you pressing your face tighter into his shoulder. "You smell so good." He admits, instinctively tugging at the hair woven between his fingers. 
"Alpha," you whine in response, another pulse against your clit making it hard to form words. It's simultaneously painful and not nearly enough. Steve draws in another ragged breath, grips your hair tighter in his fist, "Don't call me that. Not if...fuck. I have remarkable control, but I have my limits. I can't walk out of here if you keep that up." He chokes out.
Despair twists painfully at your stomach. Definitely just friends then. He wants to leave. As painful as it is, you force yourself back from him and to the other side of the couch and press hard into the arm-rest. You keep your eyes shut, forcing your voice to be as ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Feels
Smut
Light Dom/sub
Reader-Insert
Dom Steve Rogers
Breeding
Voice Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

