Work Text:
It’s the kind of nightmare scenario you try not to think about.Low on resources, lower on options, back up against a wall quite literally.The Wakandan forcefield isn’t doing so hot, and Tony can feel it in the way it shorts and ripples against his shoulders. Every so often the suit absorbs a shock, lighting up the front of his Hud. Yes it’s all gone to shit, thanks for the tip Friday.Tony tries to stand, but a crippling pain shorts up his left side, and he grinds his teeth all the way back to the forest floor.Fuck, his leg isn’t right.Gunfire rings so loud in his head, Tony can barely hear the team calling shots in the coms. The lightning stopped out on the front line, and that’s not a good sign.He’s still not sure what the fuck they’re fighting. Alien – something. Too strong. Too many. Tony could only prepare so much, and he’s still disgusted that he couldn’t do more.Something comes hauling ass through the trees, and it smacks the shield not too far from where Tony sits. It lights up the forcefield — cracks and splits it, electric ripples waving around like a waterbed. Whatever it is – it falls down to earth in a heap of red, and Tony lifts his helmet and closes his eyes immediately.“Oh god, don’t tell me that was you, Doc.”A long pause.“I’m alive, thanks for asking,” Stephen huffs, barely audible. He sits up, magic dusting his robes. He looks worse for wear; there’s a long wound down the side of his face, and a visible claw mark that tore into his robes.Tony nods, “You okay?”“Yes.” Stephen tries to stand, and falls back on a knee, grunting. An alien comes barreling through the trees, and they both tense on instinct, hands raising simultaneously; one fires a repulse, the other a fiery blast. The monster burns, screeching and squelching into the ground, legs curling up to it’s chest.“That was only a hound,” Stephen pants. “The master must be close.”“Who cares?”  Tony points vaguely to the big red demon-man in the sky. “It means diddly-shit how many runts we kill unless Satan goes down.”Stephen sighs. “Mephisto is untouchable. There’s no realm where an immortal can be killed.”Right. Okay.“How’s the beta team?”“Unable to successfully seal him within the relic.” He pauses a moment, and lifts a hand to begin healing the side of his face that’s swelling. “Widow, Panther, and Spiderman are down.”Tony’s heart takes a hard plunge. He doesn’t let it show on his face.“How down?”“Incapacitated, not dead. I portaled them out of the battlefield.”The sky cracks red, like an ocean fissure. It turns murky, oozing from the crevice at an unsettling pace.“However,” Stephen whispers, “it won’t mean much, soon.”Tony looks behind him, through the barrier.“The heart of Wakanda sits at the center of the earth,” T’Challa had said. “If Mephisto reaches the heart, he might as well have the planet herself.”His hands are shaking. Tony presses one to the center of the chest plate, where he can feel his heart beating and beating and beating, frantic and irregular. He’s sweating, and his leg is going numb, and he can’t breathe.“So this is it?” Tony asks quickly.Stephen looks to him. His green eyes are especially bright against the blood that covers his face near entirely.He manages to stand, slowly, and then limps over to where Tony is slumped. Falling back to his knees, Stephen braces a hand on Tony’s shoulder and says,“I’m sorry.”“Fuck,” Tony shakes. “Fuck.”The ground quakes and the sky cracks open more.“I can’t see past this,” Stephen says, and even he sounds a bit scared – a little bit raw. “I tried Tony.”“I know.”An explosion lights the sky once more.“I should say…”“Oh lord, are we doing this?” Tony squeezes his eyes shut, and mutes the mic on the coms. “Are we really doing this?”“You are the biggest asshole I’ve ever had the pleasure of knowing,” Stephen smiles. “Your shitty friendship means a great deal to me.”“Shitty!” Tony breathes, almost enough to laugh. “Who bought lunch every Tuesday?”“Every? Maybe when you bothered to show up.”“Hey it’s not my fault I have a multi-million dollar co-“The coms start to static:
“This is Alpha team! We’ve lost the west sector! I repeat – the wes—sssssss- ange! We could use a quick ex—sshhsss- here! I repeat! SOS-ssssss-“
The barrier ripples. It crumbles from the top down, fizzing out until there’s nothing resting against Tony’s back anymore. He presses a fist to his eyes, and bites down on his tongue so it burns.“Hold on,” Stephen says, and begins to circle his fingers. A portal opens before them, and out falls Steve, Wanda, and an unconscious Thor.Out in the far, far distance, Mephisto waves an arm with red magic; the Wakandan ship takes a hit, spirals down towards a mountain valley, and eventually explodes.“Oh, god,” Steve sways to his feet.“That was our last line of defense.”  “Dammit!” Tony slams his fist into the ground. “We were so fucking close!”“His magic is too strong,” Wanda wipes soot from her nose. “I could not even touch him.”“It would take a mystic force feasibly unheard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Sexual Content
Alternate Universe - Soulmates

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

