Chapter 1: The Son's Vantage Point
    




Chapter Text

February 2008


 

Peter didn’t know where Afghanistan was, but he knew his dad was going to have to go for a few weeks.
 
The six-year-old had asked many questions about the foreign place. About what it would look like and the kinds of things his father would be doing there. His father had danced around the answer and even though he was six, Peter knew when his father’s eyes would shift into avoidance. A lot like the nights where Peter would ask about those vague memories that always brought nightmares. And his father would grimace, brush his hair back and tell him it wasn’t real, but it felt real to Peter.
 

“It wasn’t real, Pete, it was just a dream.”


 

His father was lying, because when he lied his voice shook like the leaves when the ocean breeze got to be too much. Peter had even resorted to asking Pepper, because Pepper rarely lied to him and she too was in some of the memories, scratching his back in a cafeteria where people didn’t speak the same language as them.
 
She lied too, indirectly, Peter supposed, because she always told him that those were questions for his father to answer, not her.
 
Peter didn’t know what the word indirectly meant, but he knew it was something of the sort.
 
So, his father had gotten that voice and the furrowed brows whenever Peter had asked about what he would be doing in Afghanistan. “Just testing technology, kiddo.”

 

But his father had told him that Afghanistan had a lot of sand. Like a desert, but with mountains and Peter liked that idea. The mountain idea. Sand bothered him though. The texture felt funny, like roughness and too small, under his fingernails. It got in his eyes, the summer before and then Uncle Rhodey had put drops in his eyes that had burned.
 
Uncle Rhodey was going to Afghanistan too, but Peter knew Uncle Rhodey had been many times, and he had promised to take care of Peter’s father, so when they left on the plane that Peter still didn’t really trust: Peter was confident in his father and Uncle Rhodey.
 
Days and nights went by. Ms. Goldrush stayed with him every day and night. Did all the things his father did, and she was nice, but not nearly as fun as his father was. She looked a bit like Pepper and Peter felt like maybe that was why Pepper had hired her, because she reminded her of herself. And Peter would like someone like himself too, like the boy he had met at summer camp. His name was Ned and he too played with Legos and he lived in Queens.
 
Peter knew he also used to live in Queens. His father didn’t talk about that much, just like the scary memories. But the Queens memories were good, even though it didn’t really feel like Queens. He couldn’t recall much, other than the cat that lived in the deli and the apartment his mother and other-father had.
 
His father squirmed at the mention of Peter’s other-father. And Peter felt guilty, but his other-father had existed and the entire thing was a bit mind-boggling. Peter had learned ‘mind-boggling’ from Miss Thacker and he liked that word a whole lot. 
 
Peter remembered that when he and Ms. Goldrush were gluing together his Valentine’s Day cards for his class in order to hand them out the following week. Pepper had arrived, face a bit blotchy. Peter’s face got blotchy when he cried, but grown-ups weren’t supposed to cry, after all, and Peter thought people stopped when they grew a beard. But Pepper didn’t have a beard yet. Neither did Ms. Goldrush, but his father did and sometimes, Uncle Rhodey did. But then again, Uncle Rhodey’s work made him shave his, so maybe they liked when people cried.
 
Pepper had kneeled beside him and whispered softly, “Peter, your dad might be gone a little longer than expected.”
 
Peter’s fingers fiddled with the specific card that he was saving for when his father returned. He didn’t know what the sick feeling in his tummy was, but it wasn’t nice, not at all, and Ms. Goldrush touched his back like he should be sad, so Peter felt sad.
 
And his tummy sunk deeper.
 
“Why?”
 
Pepper looked sad too, eyes glazed, like marbles. Peter didn’t like marbles. He had swallowed one, and not told his father because he didn’t want to get into trouble. Pepper pushed his hair away and Ms. Goldrush continued to rub his back. Peter felt a bit itchy in his skin at all the touching. Like bugs were crawling out. He scratched absentmindedly at his arm, until he felt pain.
 
The blonde woman breathed, “He…he ran into a bit of trouble. And Rhodey is trying very hard to find where he is right now, but they’re just not sure.”
 
Peter’s eyes widened.
 
“He’ll be thirsty!”
 
Peter would be if he was lost in a desert.
 
Pepper’s face turned pinker and she looked away, biting her lip and Peter saw the tears. Quickly he kneeled up on his knees and wrapped his arms around her neck in a tight embrace. He didn’t know what he had said that had hurt her, or why it had made her cry, but he was sorry. Deeply so.
 
But Uncle Rhodey would f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Pre-Iron Man 1

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

