Work Text:
So they were a bunch of fucked up souls, Wade could deal with that shit. He had years of practice being a mass murdering fuckhead. And he could deal with Red and his hush-hush secrets-secrets life situation.What he couldn’t deal with was the thought that someone had gotten their grimy mitts on the kid.That was unacceptable.Intolerable.There was an impulse there that added l’il Pete to Wade’s list of people he needed to research. It wasn’t a physical list because Wade was far too paranoid to leave shit like that laying around. But it was a list and it consisted of, at present, four targets, then Cap (purely research, he swore, nothing to do with that ass), then the Widow (just for future reference), and now Spidey.He stowed the list in his subconscious and waited for an opportune moment to sit and have a think.It didn’t come for a while because some punk was trying to fuck with Dopinder of all people and only Wade and Weasel were allowed to pick on the guy.Then it didn’t come because there was a flurry of political activity which apparently required everyone everywhere to hire bodyguards to beat the shit out of each other while their clients and targets mingled at their fancy galas and pretended they all weren’t actively trying to murder each other.And then it didn’t come because of fucking Labor Day and Wade deserved a goddamn break, yo.The moment finally arrived in the fall, after Red had had to go to the hospital (the actual hospital, lord save them) having had someone set his fucking office building on fire. Red, ever the hero, had gotten out just to go back in to grab a kid stuck in the neighboring orthodontics office and had ended up with severe smoke inhalation and second and third degree burns.Not even his smooth talking could convince the paramedics not to take him to the hospital for a check-up. And then no doctor on staff could, in good conscious, let a burnt blind man with more black and blue under his collar than pink leave their supervision untreated.Red’s cool calm lawyer façade finally cracked thanks to whatever shit vibes the hospital was putting out. He had proceeded to lose his goddamn mind and put up a fight like no other upon arrival, and so now was laying, angry and restrained, on a bed while Nelson tried to convince a team of doctors and social workers that, no, he (Nelson) had not in fact abused his partner, and yes, he (Red) had always had this kind of extreme aversion to medical treatment, and no, nothing in particular was going on that might lead him (Nelson) to think foul play was afoot.Red did Nelson no favors by dislocating his thumb and trying to jump out a 4th floor window.So anyways, yes. Wade was currently sitting pretty, guarding Red, under the cover of having been hired by Nelson to keep him safe from whoever had set fire to his office. The docs were confused, but given the fire and police departments’ diagnoses that the blaze had started with an unhappy plaintiff trying to get an extremely poorly made bomb into Murdock’s office, they didn’t put up too much of a fight.Red kept grabbing for Wade’s fingers like a sweet, gentle request for help, but Wade had learned after the second time that what he really wanted was something to crush in his grip to express his displeasure. Nelson had, ingeniously, gotten around this by shoving stuffed “get well soon” teddy bears into the hands when they reached for him.When Red grabbed at him this time, Wade employed the Nelson method and let him growl at the teddy bear before throwing it to the floor with as much force as his cuffed hands would allow.Wade watched him punish the bear and then remembered the list.He had time. And he had Red.“Hey so, remember that heart-to-hear you had with Pete the other day,” he asked casually.Red snapped his attention to him in fury at the fact that he could no longer reach the bear to punish it. Wade picked it up and gave it back to him to torture and he got slightly less murderous.“You happen to know who exactly he was talking about, about the whole, you know—”“You were there, shithead, he didn’t say.”Well.Shitty attitudes like that get defenseless people wet willies.Red was not cowed by the consequences of his behavior.“I don’t fucking know, Wade,” he spat, “Everything he said is exactly what I know. So shove off.”Not useful. He let Red fuck up the bandages on his arms while trying to wrestle his wrists out of the cuffs for a while.“Okay, but let’s say hypothetically, you had two degrees and a teeny tiny fragment of sense in your head. Who would you think—”“FUCK OFF.”Red was not in a thinking mood, evidently. He was drawing attention from others.Wade leaned over him so anyone looking from behind saw a giant assassin tenderly comforting the poor, heroic, blind burn victim. He pressed a forearm into Red’s throat until he stopped kicking up a fuss and took a nap for a bit.Lord knows the poor doc on his case needed it.  Wade got a shitty wide-ruled notebook from the bodega next to his apartment a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Missions Gone Wrong
Wade's just over here doing his best yo
Protectiveness
Emotional Hurt
Trauma
Misunderstandings
Team Red
Team as Family
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Wade Wilson

