Work Text:
“Okay, sweetie,” Pepper said, brushing a kiss against her son’s head. Peter, six and small, grinned up at her. “I’ll see you when I get back from work.” She kissed Tony goodbye next, and he picked up Peter, holding him to his side as they walked Pepper to the door.Their Malibu mansion caught the light best in the morning, Pepper thought. Situated on the side of a cliff, overlooking the ocean, Pepper could leave her house drenched in sunlight, smelling the sea breeze.“I’ll bring back dinner,” Pepper promised, turning as she reached the front door. Tony reached out, lightly grasping her hand and pulling her back in for another kiss. She was already five minutes late due to her boys; she figured another few seconds couldn’t hurt.“Mm, and then we can get to work?”She rolled her eyes. “I for one will be working all day.”“Not that kind of work, Mrs Stark.”Pepper smiled, coy. “I have no idea what you mean.”Her son wriggled out of Tony’s grip, his father letting him down as Peter insisted on running back towards the kitchen.Pepper pushed the front door open as Tony replied, “I’m sure you do, but if you need a little reminding, I’m talking about the kind of work where we make another Peter but slightly smaller.”“Peter’s already small for his age,” Pepper mused, pretending to be oblivious. “If we made someone much smaller, we wouldn’t be able to see them.”“That’s a yes, though, right?” Tony confirmed, holding the door open for Pepper as she left. Tony always made her late for work. She had a meeting in less than half an hour, and Happy was still sitting in the driveway, engine rolling and waiting.“You know it’s a yes,” Pepper replied. “But we’re having a girl next time. I like the name Jessica. Or Morgan.”“What about Peter II?” Tony asked. “That way we wouldn’t have to think about it.”Pepper was half way up the drive. She waved a hand at him. “Absolutely not. We’re not doing that. Bye, baby!” She called the last part out as Peter came running back to the front door, clutching his favourite blanket.“Bye, Mommy!” Peter replied, waving back.Pepper climbed in the car and Happy drove off, taking her to work. She had back-to-back meetings all day, regarding the new contracts for the US military. The Jericho missile was almost completed, Tony had promised, and since their contract was up for renewal, Pepper was determined to get them a better deal. She also had to book dates for the Afghanistan weapon demo, and she was fairly sure Obadiah wanted to speak to her about reaching out to Pym Tech for a sharing of resources and design – Pepper was fairly sure Hank Pym despised Tony and his company for all he was worth, but she could at least humour Obadiah for the time being.Tony had never been interested in the meetings and CEO work involved with running a company; he was the mind behind the technology, and that’s where he kept himself. While Pepper was in the office every weekday, Tony only went to the official SI labs three times a week – choosing to spend the other days at home with Peter, rather than leaving him with their nanny.(For what it was worth, the press was dead wrong about Tony Stark: Pepper couldn’t imagine anyone being a better father.)She knew they were going to spend the day working on an engine. Tony was sure Peter could handle it, and he wanted to let Peter do as much of the work as possible. Their son, unsurprisingly, was a genius.An intelligent child with a good heart, who wrapped everyone he met around his little finger. They were planning to leave Stark Industries to Peter one day, should he want it, and Pepper knew that if he took it over, he would create something bigger and better than anything they’d accomplished.Pepper strode into the SI HQ like she owned it (which, technically, she did), and slid into her first meeting, apologising for being a few minutes late. Thoughts of her husband and son slipped from her mind as she conducted the meeting; this was her element, this was where she excelled.Pepper Stark (née Potts) was the CEO of the world’s largest tech conglomerate, and it was the one of the two things she knew how to do. The other was raise Peter.Stark Industries and Peter were the most important things in Pepper’s life, and she intended to keep them for as long as humanly possible. - A little before two-thirty PM, Pepper’s phone rang.She apologised to Obadiah, sitting across from her in her office, as she read Tony’s name come up on the display.“Hey, honey,” she greeted. “Is everything alright?”“They took him,” she heard Tony say. His voice was hoarse, wracked with something like pain, and she straightened, frowning.“Tony? Are you okay?”“They took him,” he repeated. “He’s gone. They- They-”“Honey,” Pepper said, standing. She caught Obi’s worried gaze and matched it with her own. “What’s going on? Who’s gone?”“Peter,” Tony replied, his voice cracking. “These men – Peter’s gone… They had guns-”Pepper’s gaze shot to Obi. “Call the police,” she told him. “Send them to my house.”Obadiah p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
vaguely canon compliant
Suicidal Thoughts
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Feels
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

