Chapter 1: all is not forgiven
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“…I can confirm that Captain America and his Rogue Avengers will come back and get a pardon.” Tony stared numbly into nothing, hearing that last sentence on repeat. His hands shook.“Boss? Your heartrate is spiking, can I do anything for you?”“No. Thank you Friday.” No, sadly his dear girl Friday couldn’t do anything. And he couldn’t either, his influence on US politics wasn’t strong enough to stop- to stop Cap from returning.If- when they were here again… That was the stuff of his newest nightmares: Him completely at their mercy again. He- he couldn’t do that.But they would come. Oh god they were coming…   “Boss? You are in New York, in the Stark Tower. It’s…”“Friday-“ Tony swallowed. “It’s not a panic attack.”“Your vitals are concerning.”“I am panicking, but it’s not a panic attack.” Friday didn’t answer him for some time, then she spoke in a small voice. “I don’t want them to come back either.” Dum-E and Butterfingers beeped in agreement.Tony smiled, even if every human would abandon him, he could always count on the support of his bots.“I will find a solution. I always find a solution.” And he had already a hint of an idea. He didn’t want to have to work together with the Rogue Avengers again. (Which he knew would happen when they came back, he was able to read the writing on the wall…) He didn’t want to be where they had unlimited access to him. (His lawyers didn’t think he could get a restraining order against them- him.) If they came here, and he didn’t want to meet them?Tony smirked. “Friday show me a world map with the newest approval rates the Rogue Avengers get. Green for an approval rate of over 60%, yellow for 50% to 60%, orange for 40% to 50%, light red for 30% to 40% and dark red for everything below 30%. Grey for countries we don’t have any data for.”“On it, boss.”As he expected large parts of the map were grey, but those parts that weren’t? The US, broken down into the states (Friday was the best), was mostly yellow, with some green and less orange. Europe was a canvas of orange and light red, with some sprinkles of dark red. Nigeria, South Africa and South Korea were all red, one light, two dark.Beautiful.“Grey the countries I’m not allowed into.” Sokovia became grey. “Then the countries that will allow the Rogue Avenger entry once they get the pardon.” Three countries remained a dark red: Germany, Nigeria and Romania. Other red countries became striped or dotted.“Stripes?”“The decision hasn’t been made yet. The dots are for countries who allow some Rogue Avengers entry.”“Alright. Grey out the striped countries for now, but if the situation changes, notify me.”“Will do.”“And grey out the countries which allow Steve Rogers entry.” All the dotted countries became grey.So… either Germany, Nigeria or Romania… Stark Energy was the leading energy supplier in all those countries, well to be truthful, it was the leading energy supplier almost everywhere. But it had begun in Germany, ARC technology – clean and cheap electric energy for the masses – had been what they needed for their nuclear and coal phase-out.“Friday, I want to move the headquarters of Stark Energy to Germany, begin planning for it. And for a production plant. My tower has become a bit small to produce all the ARC reactors I need. Headquarters of Stark Communication to Nigeria. Production to Nigeria and Romania.” The mobile phone market of Africa was a fast growing one. And spreading out headquarters and therefore taxes wouldn’t hurt.“Stark Medical to… wherever I will live, it’s too new and small.” Maybe in the future…“Stark Industries, well, when will I have two thirds of the shares?”“That point has been reached while you were recovering from Siberia. I estimate that you will have three quarter of the shares in six to nine months.”Tony blinked, that had been faster than planned.“A panic sale began when the public wasn’t sure if you would survive or not.” Friday was truly adorable when annoyed.He hummed. He could finally do anything with that company, without the other shareholders interfering or kicking him out. Again. Tony was so glad that the other companies he had founded since Afghanistan were only his, and not part of Stark Industries.For the next hour and a half he was busy deciding which parts of the company would stay in the US, which would move slowly as the people he had hired would retire or quit. Where new projects would be built, and where the new headquarters and R&D would be. He had some countries in mind and his lawyers would contact them and offer a deal: get the Stark Industries headquarters or R&D if the Rogue Avengers won’t be allowed entry.Hopefully someone would make that bargain.Then Tony could decide in which country he would move to. And while he was at it…“Friday contact my architects, I want the Compound gone and replaced with an affordable housing project by the time the Rogues com
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Alternate Universe
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
None
