Work Text:
In all of Peter’s life, he’d never been in a scandal and that was considered a godly feat considering that his parents were the famed Tony Stark and Captain Steve Rogers. His dad was practically the face of scandal in his youth until marrying the good captain and even then, there still was dirt of Tony being released to the public. It was getting old but Peter had made a vow in his youth that he’d never follow those footsteps because for one thing, it gave his pops a lot of grief and for another thing, one Stark was enough fodder for the media.Not even when he had been dating Gwen Stacy, beloved daughter of New York’s finest and a promising intern at Oscorp, did Peter’s name get splashed on tabloids or headline news. It was almost too good to believe since the media just loved him and stalked him wherever he went.The most thrilling story they had on Peter since his uttering of Dada for the first time caught on camera during one of his dad’s interviews had to be when he was sixteen and on a field trip to Oscorp where he had a sudden seizure attack and promptly fainted. It resulted with Tony pushing for a law suit and Steve raging on the paparazzi who wouldn’t leave them be while Peter was recovering.Then he’d become Spiderman and again, it was a miracle the media hadn’t yet gotten his true identity. If only they did, then they’d see the comedy (or irony) of the night time news where one half featured Spiderman and the other featured Stark Junior being caught exiting the school building with a new Stark tablet. At first, his dads were glad that the media turned to Spiderman for stories then they learnt the truth.Tony had let out a sigh as the news ended their story about the fifth death anniversary of Peter’s golden retriever, Hero and began their story about how Spiderman saved a puppy stuck on a tree in Central Park earlier.“I guess you did take too much after me,” he said with a shake of his head and sipped his coffee, “there’s nothing on the news but you, kid. I should be proud but how the hell did a puppy get stuck on a tree?”“A kid threw it up there,” Peter explained, pushing away the peas to the corner of his plate.“Eat your peas, Peter.” Steve said, eyes on the television, “Spiderman would.”“He wouldn’t!”“He’s a role model to kids, he’ll eat it—is this your way of asking for a new dog, Petey?”“Fine, I’ll eat it and no, pops. I’m really fine!”“We can get you that bear dog thing, it’s a great guard dog and it’s got a blue tongue.”“Nah, I’m cool, dad. And it’s called a chow-chow.”“No, it’s a bear-dog and I bet it came from Oscorp’s labs.”“Dad!”
It was a well-known fact to anyone who followed the news of New York’s elite society that Tony Stark and Norman Osborn hated each other for the sole reason of existing. Peter wasn’t really sure how they came to hate each other or what sort of past they had but he hadn’t even known of the heated rivalry when he met his best friend, Harry Osborn, Norman’s sole heir.But Harry had to leave for boarding school, leaving Peter behind in New York. Tony had been ecstatic (he really didn’t like anything Osborn) and Peter had been mopey until he met Gwen, Johnny Storm (who strangely looked almost like his pops’ twin) and Wade Wilson. They became fast friends and filled the void in him that grew when he’d lost his best friend.So when Harry appeared on the news after the story about Peter graduating second of his class, Peter slapped himself to make sure he wasn’t asleep. His best friend had been gone for nearly a decade and over the years, they’ve stopped communicating and it almost felt like they were strangers.“With Norman Osborn’s deteriorating health, his only son Harry returns home to spend the last days with his father. It seems the young Osborn does care despite being seen last week exiting the Palace with two unidentified models on each arm—”He didn’t need to think twice. He placed on his sneakers and went to Oscorp. Friend or not, Harry would need a friend and the last time Peter checked, he didn’t have anyone but him. It felt like nothing changed despite the long separation, Peter found his best friend again and Harry had someone to pick on when he was swamped with paper work as the new CEO of Oscorp.
“Your dad is going to kill you if you keep coming here, Pete.” The blonde scolded as he opened the window for Peter to enter, “and for god’s sake, man, use the door like everybody else.”Peter took off his mask and grinned, “he’s not really going to do that and chill, no one saw me. Seriously, I trained with SHIELD’s best agents, I can be discreet.”“Sure,” Harry replied, not really believing his friend and returned to his leather couch. On the coffee table were his laptop and numerous papers bearing the Oscorp logo, “don’t blame me if they start saying Spiderman belongs to Oscorp. I’d like to see your dad’s face when that happens, though.”He laughed and went behind the couch, trying to see what Harry was working on the laptop, “How’s work?”“Murderous. How’s bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fluff
Paparazzi
Stark-Oscorp Rivalry
Do Not Copy or Repost My Work Anywhere

fandom: 
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

