Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Everyone tells me he's no good

 He doesn't love me like he should

 I would forget him if I only could

 He's a demon, he's a devil, he's a doll

 [...]

 Sometimes, I'll make up my mind that I'll stop being so blind

 And tell him off real bad

 But then he turns on those charms

 And there I am in his arms

 And I forget why I'm mad

 I oughta tell him 'drop dead'

 But I keep loving him instead

 My mama must have dropped me on my head

 He's a demon, he's a devil, he's a doll

Sometimes he thrills me through and through

 Sometimes he's sweet, sometimes he's true

 Sometimes I wish he were in Timbuktu!

 He's a demon, he's a devil, he's a doll

 [...]

 He drives me crazy, but he's cute

 Why do I love a guy I ought to shoot?

-"He's a Demon, He's a Devil, He's a Doll" by Betty Hutton




I hate my life.I didn't always hate my life, mind you. Childhood? Cool. Teenage years? Awkward, but still cool. College? Still awkward, but I had a good time. Then I graduated and made the incredibly stupid decision to write a novel. One thing people don't realize that if you don't already know somebody in the industry, breaking into it is hell. I spent months sending my manuscript to publishing companies and literary agents only to come up with zilch. Finally, I had to ask for help and my mother suggested that I become an administrative assistant to the head writer of a publishing company where she had a contact and then simply impress him or her and then I'd be able to transition my way into becoming what I'd always dreamt of being: a published author.Well, the first part happened. I got the job.Only I got the job with the Devil.The Devil's name? Loki Laufeyson.I know, I know, that's an absurd name. But it's his real one. His father was a Norse history buff and simply couldn't resist, or at least that's what I've heard.Funny thing is, just looking at him, Loki doesn't look like the Devil. He's about 6'4'', long black hair, slender cheekbones, enviable seawater eyes, a classic chin, aquiline nose, all set upon a slender frame and enhanced by a deep, velvet voice with a British accent to top it off.But it's said in the Bible that Lucifer was the most beautiful angel before he fell.Why is my boss the Devil?Oh, let me count the ways.I'd arrived to my interview with him bright and early at seven o'clock in the morning. I'd even showed up ten minutes before my scheduled time just to show my reliability and that I was eager to work. His last administrative assistant had outright quit about a month ago and even though he had a full staff, apparently his schedule was so intensely busy that they simply couldn't cover the position without devoting one employee to manage it.A tired, haggard plump black woman poked her head around the cubicle across from where I sat, holding her fingers over the mic of her headset. "He's ready for you, dear.""Oh," I'd said, scooping up my briefcase. "Thank you."She shook her head sadly at me. "May God be with you, child."I blinked at her, confused, but still knocked on the door to Loki's office. He responded in a clipped tone. "Come in."I opened the door. His office was damn near the size of my freaking apartment. It was spotlessly clean and mostly done in dark green, white, black, and gold all over. He had a white desk with his laptop out, his fingers flying across his keys, his lips moving with no sound coming out."Good morning, Mr. Laufeyson," I'd said, walking in front of the desk. He didn't look up. I chewed my lip and waited. Nearly five minutes passed before my anxiety took over and I cleared my throat."Sir?"He heaved a sigh and glanced up at me. "No.""No what?""No," he repeated. "You're not what I'm looking for. Goodbye."I froze. "Excuse me?""Are you hard of hearing, sweetheart?" he said, his lip curling. "I said goodbye. That's your cue to exit."I licked my lips. "I'm here to interview for your admin position, sir.""And you don't fit the profile that I have in place for my admins," he said, scowling. "One, they must be over forty years old. Two, they must have experience. Three, they must be well-dressed."He picked up a piece of paper, presumably my resume, and dropped it again. "Apparently, you're oh-for-three. Thus, goodbye."My temper flared to life. "If those were your specifications, then why did you take this meeting with me at all? I'm sure my referral would have at least told you my age.""It was a favor," he said dismissively. "I looked you over and now the favor has been returned. I'm not going to tell you again: goodbye, sweetheart."I slammed both hands down on his desk. "My name is not sweetheart. I don't care who you are, but you will never call me that again if you value your life. Thank you for wasting my time with your arrogant, spoiled, rude behavior and I hope that you don't find anyone willing to put up with your attitude, because God knows no one deserves being stuck licking your boots for fifteen bucks an hour."I straightened my suit jacket
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Immigration & Emigration
Boss/Employee Relationship
The Proposal - Freeform
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Power Dynamics
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
POV First Person
Light Angst
Banter
Belligerent Sexual Tension
Jealous Loki (Marvel)
Blindfolds
Rough Sex
Cunnilingus
Breast Fucking
Oral Sex
Voice Kink
Praise Kink
Consent
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Bondage
Dry Sex
Light Dom/sub
sub Reader
Possessive Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character
Steve Rogers/Reader

