Work Text:
"Sybians! A fine breed of Midgardian racing horse, I am sure!" Thor crowed proudly, glad that he was finally somewhat knowledgeable about the vast wealth of exotic creatures and animals that Midgard possessed. Natasha dropped her head into her hands, shaking with silent laughter. Thor looked at her, confused as to what was so amusing about what he'd said. Clint was turning red with the effort to keep his laughter at bay. "No, don't be silly," Steve said, rolling his eyes. "Sybian is the name of that one professor in Hogwarts." Steve, in his attempts to catch up to the wonders of the 21st century, had been reading the Harry Potter series for the past two weeks, rarely leaving the tower for anything. Not even a halfhearted Chitauri attack on Manhattan could drag Steve away from the books, and, in fact, the only person that had been able to drag Steve's eyes away from the pages was one such man with long, dark hair and an uncertainty hanging about his mouth and a metal hand. Thor had been very curious about the appendage, but before he could do any more than approach the man, Steve had looked up and whisked him away quickly into his bedroom, from which he did not emerge for the rest of the day. Thor had almost instantly forgotten about the man, sure that Steven could handle whatever the trouble was with him, and had turned his attention to the book lying abandoned on the couch. Loki had devoured the books like chocolate candies, his eyes scanning the pages greedily, lapping up each and every word, and Thor had been hard pressed to distract him. Thor personally did not see why this boy was determined to wreck his education, but his redheaded friend was quite amusing. Clint burst out laughing, and Steve looked rather affronted at the insult. "Is it...a type of cocktail?" Bruce asked innocently, folding his hands politely and looking across the table where Natasha was sobbing with laughter. "I suppose that's a no," he continued, as Natasha slapped at the table, her breaths coming in wheezes and hiccups. "Oh my gosh, all of you," she said, finally coming up for air, her cheeks flushed and stray curls sticking to her forehead. She rubbed away the tears in her eyes with the heels of her hands. "Steve, you're thinking about Sybil Trelawney. Thor, I have no idea where the horses came from. And Bruce, I know you spend all your time in that lab of yours, but oh my God. I can't. What am I even supposed to do with you people?" They'd been talking about this particular subject mostly in part to a relatively suspicious package that had been delivered to the Avengers Tower, addressed to Tony. Tony had a habit of receiving unfortunate parcels (usually grenades or bombs with his name on it, as an additional insult to injury). And so, with a pair of tongs and his Iron Man suit on, Tony had picked apart the package gingerly while the other Avengers and Pepper had watched from behind thick glass. Once he had determined that it most definitely would not be detonating any time soon, he had examined it more carefully and had brought it up for the other Avengers to inspect. The thing in question sat in the centre of the table, dark and sleek and quiet, the attachment rod empty for the time being. "It looks like a saddle," Thor pointed out. "Like one would use to ride horses. So it is only logical that you would use this for riding horses." Natasha giggled again. "Well, I suppose you could use it for riding," she said, waggling her eyebrows at Thor across the table. Thor had absolutely no idea why riding horses would be considered amusing, and was quite fascinated with the sport in general. "Just not for horses." "That's an innuendo, isn't it," Steve said, rifling through a handy pocket Innuendo Dictionary that Natasha had so kindly lent him. "It is. It's about...oh." Steve blushed, the blood rushing to his face so quickly Thor was momentarily concerned for his friend. "Oh, please, Steve, stop trying to pull the innocent card, we all know what you and Bucky do in the dark," Natasha snorted, and Steve flushed an unhealthy shade of crimson. Thor was rather impressed. "We're still BFFs, you know, me and him. When he isn't trying to kill everybody, that is. The point is, I know everything. Everything.""What is it about?" Thor wanted to know, but Steve had snapped the book closed and tucked it back into his pocket, still blushing madly. Natasha was still smirking wickedly across the table, and Clint was still gasping for breath after his laughing fit. Thor shrugged, and examined the thing closer. The attached rod was flesh coloured, for what purpose, Thor had no real idea as of yet, and the dark sides were curved in, where the knees would go. It was attached to a motor of sorts, and Thor thought that Loki might enjoy tinkering with it, he had been talking about beginning to learn about engineering principles in order to play tricks on Tony. He wondered if the other Avengers would mind too much if he took it with him back to Asgar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Sybian
Established Relationship
Explicit Sexual Content
Intersex Loki
Vibrators
Sex Toys
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Bondage
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
Voyeurism
Masturbation
Fucking Machines
kind of

fandom: 
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

