Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Loki is gasping for breath. He gags on air as though it were water in his lungs; it feels as thick and heavy and unyielding. The air does not wish to enter his body, but it is pressed inside by degrees by an outside force, and on his fifth breath it thins and starts to feel like air again. He breathes, shuddering. But he breathes.He opens his eyes with effort. He is cold, colder than he has ever been, colder than he thought it possible for a Jötunn to feel. His eyelashes are triangled with ice crystals. He blinks to clear his vision. It wavers stubbornly. All he can see is a tall form looming over him, a face he need not glimpse the details of to know that it is worried. Loki relaxes, the fear of waking in such a way draining away with recognition. Safe.“Thor,” he tries to say. His voice sounds cracked and broken, discarded. It emerges as a croak.“Loki?” There’s an urgency in his brother’s tone that Loki has never heard before, but Thor has always been impatient.If Loki had more of a voice he would make it sound sharp and snappish. He swallows, his throat a desert. “Who else?”Thor makes a strangled noise, half a laugh, half something like a sob. “It has been a long time, brother.” His hand is warm—so warm—as it curls around Loki’s shoulder and seeks to guide him upward. “Can you sit? There is water.”“If I must,” says Loki, refusing not to be peevish in such a state. Every part of him is frozen and aches with inertia, as though his muscles have forgotten how to be used. His vision is slowly but stubbornly resolving itself, Thor becoming clearer around all of his glorious edges. They are alone in a dimly-lit room that has the trappings of a scientist’s lab; Loki is lying on a high metal table such as might be used for surgeries or the dissecting of specimens. He shivers. He is so cold.Loki lets Thor pull him into a sitting position, remembers how to lift his hand, how to close it around the glass of water. He is afraid the water will pour from his mouth, that swallowing it down will prove an insurmountable challenge, but in the end he succeeds in a few proper sips. It shouldn’t feel like such an accomplishment, but it does, and Thor watches the proceedings like it’s the most incredible act he’s ever witnessed, so Loki is somewhat mollified.For a long moment he lets himself sit, breathing, propped up by Thor’s strength at his side. Then Loki says, “Tell me.”“You died,” says Thor, matter-of-fact about it. “I see,” says Loki. “That appears to be somewhat of a recurring condition.”“What do you remember?” Thor’s tone is grim but determined.Loki thinks about it. His brain—his memory—is as disused as his muscles, but all of him is now in thaw. He thinks. He sees: the world on fire. Asgard lost. Death everywhere surrounding. Death inevitable. A face of evil, shaded a purulent violet, obscuring all else. All else save Thor—Thor, bound, desperate, vulnerable, his eyes pleading with Loki not to do what Loki will do. Thor, for whom there is still hope remaining. Thor, who is hope. “Thanos,” Loki whispers. Unbidden, his hand flies to his neck, but all is impossibly whole. He is uninjured. Save for the having been dead. Thor nods. His eyes track Loki’s motion. “The Princess Shuri repaired the damage to your body,” he explains. “She is a great Midgardian healer and leader. You were then kept in cryostatic freeze in the country of Wakanda to prevent decay.”“Lovely,” says Loki. “I suppose I should be grateful. I only feel a little decayed.” He clears his throat. His mouth tastes foul around the name when he repeats it: “Thanos?”Thor looks away. It is the first time his eyes have left Loki—his eyes have been devouring every proof of Loki’s living with a fierce hunger that Loki does not understand. “We could not stop him,” Thor says. His hands clench into fists. “I could not. I failed to deliver the killing blow, for I wanted to look him in the eyes and have him know who it was that handed him his fate. I wanted you and Heimdall and the others avenged, and it was our undoing.”“Let’s put the blame on the monster, where it belongs,” says Loki mildly, “rather than on the slayer of monsters.” But Thor’s words sink in, and if Loki’s cheeks had color they would be leached of it. “He—he used the Gauntlet?”“I am selfish,” says Thor, which is an unexpected response. Thor is staring down, studying his balled hands. “I have been so selfish. I beg that one day you can forgive me for what I have done. I brought you back into a world that knows only sorrow and despair. I do not know where you were before; but you will not thank me.”“He used the Gauntlet,” Loki says, horrified and impressed. If his lips remembered how to whistle he would whistle. “Son of a bitch.”“Yes.” Thor raises his eyes, looks back at Loki again. Loki’s vision is good enough now to see what first the shadows had hidden: his brother is beyond exhausted, dark half-moons under his eyes, all of him fraying at the seams. It is a vision of Thor that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It
Resurrection
Angst
Fluff
Drama
Romance
Sex
Character Study
Genderfluid Character
Magic
Mysteries
Implied/Referenced Torture
Found Families

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

