Chapter 1: Chapter 1A: The Version With Jargon
    


Summary:

Please note: Chapters 1A and 1B are the same chapter but slightly different versions. The ONLY DIFFERENCE is that 1A has Overwatch/streaming jargon and 1B tones that down/explains more. If you're not familiar with Overwatch and/or streaming and you want to read with less confusing terms, read 1B. Otherwise read 1A. No need to read both, they're literally the same.



Notes:
READ! THE! SUMMARY! :D

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Bucky wasn’t even sure he was going to play any Overwatch that night, but when he opened the Blizzard app and saw a few of his friends in a custom game, his curiosity was piqued. He launched the game and sent a private message to one of his friends, a fellow army veteran named Laura that he really liked playing with.TO [Quueenie]: got space?
[Quueenie]: yeah perfect, we need one more
[Quueenie]: hang onThe invite popped up a second later and Bucky hit accept.TO [Quueenie]: why a custom game
[Quueenie]: falcon’s friend is new, he wanted us to play custom so he could get the hang of itBucky joined match chat.“Yo yo yo,” Laura said. “Welcome to the game.”“Hey everyone,” Bucky greeted, watching as the game’s moderator, FalconKnight reset the match and the twelve players were slotted onto different teams. Bucky didn’t know everyone in the game, but it was easy to tell that the new person was THECapRogers, because the guy was level 3. “Yo, Prez, good to see you, man. Thanks for filling out our 12,” Falcon said. Bucky didn’t know Falcon personally, but Laura did. They were friends from the VA. Between Bucky’s friends, Laura’s friends, and Falcon’s friends, they had a pool of ten or so regulars, plus a few other people who came and went. They’d fill up a team to six most nights, first-come-first-serve. “You're not streaming tonight?”“Nah, just playing for fun,” Bucky said, answering to his in-game nickname. His screen name was President15, so everyone called him Prez. First names weren't uncommon among this group, but since not everyone knew each other, using screen names kept things simpler— especially during the fast paced matches, when it would have been chaos trying to clarify who was meant by an IRL name call. “What’re we doing?”“Just running some basic gameplay so Cap gets a feel for the game,” a new voice chimed in, someone Bucky had only played with once before called BigMoodMan. Bucky remembered him because, who wouldn’t remember such a great name? Speaking of screen names….“Cap Rogers,” Bucky mused. “You a big fan of the man himself, huh?”There was a pause while everyone waited for Cap to answer, and then Bucky heard Falcon’s voice quietly, from Cap’s mic, “—off push to talk, nobody wants that. Try that.”“Hello?” a new voice said, deep and uncertain. “Can you hear me now?”Everyone started laughing and quoting Sprint commercials, which Bucky could hear Falcon explaining to Cap in the background. He quirked an eyebrow as he locked in on his favorite hero to play when his team was just messing around or warming up, the sniper Widowmaker. Laura and her husband Dave picked tanks, their friends BoopGalore and BetsyHI ended up on healers, and the last person on the team was someone Bucky didn’t know, GandalfAF, who picked the fast-moving, high-damage hero Tracer. Not too bad.“So, you’re a Captain America fan, huh, Cap?” Bucky repeated his question now that the jokes had stopped.“Maybe my name really is Rogers,” Cap pointed out, voice amused.“Sure,” Bucky said easily. “And I’m really James Buchanan.” Not really a lie, but that was part of the joke. Though Cap wasn’t in on it.Laura and his other real-world friends were, and snickered.“President fifteen, James Buchanan,” Cap said dryly. “Not the most frequently picked president to— what’s the word? Fanboy over?”Cackling was had all around. “Fanboy,” Dave repeated gleefully. “It’s official, you can stay in our group.”“Besides, I didn’t make my account, Sam did,” Cap said. “He picked this name.”“Well, we all know Sam’s a Cap fanboy,” Laura said, making Falcon squawk indignantly.Then the match started. Bucky found his way into a nice sniper perch and pulled up his scope, mouthing the words “I see you” along with Widow’s taunting voiceline. He got an early pick on one of their healers, and quickly tabbed to make sure it wasn’t Cap. He didn’t really want to snipe the guy too much during his first time playing. The point was for Cap to learn how to play, not to take advantage of the fact that new players always ended up standing stock still for way to long.But no, Cap was on the classic shooter character Soldier76, the stoic, seasoned super soldier who wielded a big, rapid fire rifle.“You a Call of Duty man, Cap?” Bucky asked, missing a shot on Falcon, who was playing his usual Pharah, the flying rocket-launching queen. He took another shot, hit Falcon’s body—not enough to kill him, but enough that he dropped out of the sky for h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Meet-Cute
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Bucky is not the Winter Soldier
Steve is still Captain America
Bucky streams Overwatch
Veteran!Bucky
mild PTSD
Canon-Typical Violence
Mentions of alcoholism
there is one minor character who is an abusive asshole
he's around for one scene
modern!Bucky
sexy texting
Implied Sexual Content
Consent is everywhere
so much consent you don't even know
Pining
Buzzfeed is nosy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

