Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

iRobot- Jon Bellion





Chapter Text
When Tony's phone rang in the middle of the night, he strongly considered chucking it against the wall.It's not like he was in bed; a long night in the workshop had turned into a nap session on his workbench. Sleep hadn't been coming easily for Tony. A combination of wedding planning, business deals, and Avengers bullshit had him chugging more Red Bulls than he'd care to admit.The only slots in his day for 'me time' were those that occurred during nighttime hours. He'd gotten used to being a night owl years ago, so it didn't bother him too much. But, as it seemed, those years of all-nighters had him burning the candle at both ends.His phone was clenched in his fist, knuckles white around the glowing screen. The vibrations were almost too much for his sleep-addled brain. In that moment,he decided that chucking the phone might be his best option. It's not like he couldn't afford another one. Or, better yet, he'd invent a different one. Something snazzy. Maybe he'd even make himself a holographic phone. While that wouldn't make for much privacy in public spaces, it would make carrying much easier. Maybe he'd just build it into a watch. Ha, take that, Apple-The phone was still buzzing. At one point it stopped momentarily, but immediately started back up. Tony frowned at the device. Whoever was calling must have had something they really needed to say.Tony moved his fingers so he could read the caller ID."Parker? Oh,you have got to be kidding me. Kid? It's the asscrack of dawn. What's going o-""Mr.Stark? Tony Stark? It's May-uh, May Parker. It's Peter. Something's happened to Peter."May Parker didn't know what to think. She didn't know how to feel. How to act. Every inch of her being was screaming, Take him to a hospital. Take him to the nurse that lives next door. Take him to literally anyone with any medical knowledge. Another very, very small part of her wanted to honor her boy's wishes and not contact anyone or seek professional help. Keep this in-house. Figure it out themselves. May had some medical background. Maybe that could work.But not near enough to handle or fix something like this, she reminded herself.Peter had been on patrol, like almost every other Thursday night. His curfew was 10:30 on school nights, so May would typically microwave herself some popcorn and watch whatever was playing on the Hallmark channel until he walked in the front door, tired and usually smelling like a boy's locker room. She couldn't sleep until she knew he was home and safe, not lying half-dead in a puddle somewhere.So you can only imagine her surprise when she woke up to about thirty missed calls from him in the middle of the night, heaving and crying and saying that he was lying half-dead in a puddle somewhere.May had no idea how she could have fallen asleep. She never fell asleep on patrol nights. Not until her boy was home, tucked into that bunk bed of his.That's where he was now. Asleep, thanks to a rather large amount of Melatonin powder slipped into a glass of lemonade and the sheer exhaustion of being in this situation. May vaguely remembered him saying he had a freaky-quick metabolism, though, which meant if she was going to do something, she needed to do it before he woke back up.It was easy to slip his phone from his room after he drifted off. He typically didn't take it on patrols anyways, since whatever suit Stark had given him had some sort of built-in one that May didn't understand. She hadn't been able to get Peter out of his suit when she got him home, anyways, and he said he'd lost his mask, so his cell was her only choice.The sleeves of May's sweater were bunched up in her clammy fists as the line rang. She'd always known Peter had a way to contact Stark, but she never even considered the fact that he'd have his personal line. Would this be Stark's personal line? If she had to go through some personal assistant, she might just lose her shit-"Kid? It's the asscrack of dawn. What's going o-""Mr.Stark? Tony Stark? It's May-uh, May Parker. It's Peter. Something's happened to Peter."The line was dead silent for several seconds. For a moment, May thought Stark had hung up. As she pulled the phone away from her ear to make sure the call was still in progress, she heard a rushed voice making its way through the speakers and she hastily brought it back to her face."-eed ot tell me what happened. What's going on, Mrs.Parker?"May took a deep breath. Her words were stuck behind a ball of emotion, lodged in her throat and choking her. She’d been running through what she would say in her head for the last several minutes, but when it mattered most, couldn’t form the words. "H-He was on patrol and I fell asleep and when I woke up he wasn't home and he was in an alley and-""May. Stop. I can't understand you. Slow down. Breathe for a second. Is the kid alright?""No, Mr.Stark, he's not alright.""Is he about to die?""I don't think so, but...""Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Paralysis
Injury
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man Interacting with New Yorkers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

