Chapter 1: Strange Confessions
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Stephen closes the door behind him, feeling instantly relieved. He sucks in the air carefully. It smells like... wood, burnt metal, a bit sweaty but not uncomfortably so. He lets out another sigh of relief.

Tony turns to look at him. "Stephen? Why are you here?" he asks, voice sounding surprised.

Stephen can't blame him for his confusion, after all he is visiting Tony in his workshop daily. And this is not the usual place for a sorcerer... or for a guy like Stephen Strange. "It's the best place to relax," he answers honestly.

Tony blinks, eyes shifting from Stephen to the machines to his computer screens. "Here!?"

"Yes."

"Why are you not with the others instead?" Tony asks in interest while grabbing one of his drills.  Stephen only remotely wonders what Tony is building right now. It looks like a new prototype for a suit. "The living room is really comfortable. I even consulted with a feng shui expert concerning it. And all the others hang out there."

"I can't stand the others," Stephen says dryly. "Seriously, it's beyond my understanding how you were able to work with them for years."

Tony grins. "Are you serious? Come on! They are alright."

"First of all there is Thor with his brother complex. And then there is this awkward couple..."

"You mean Nat and Bruce?" Tony grins.

"The plastic guy and his crazy girlfriend."

"Vision?" Tony blinks. "And Wanda?"

"And on top of everything there is this annoying dude with his too tight shirts." Stephen shivers slightly. "Why are they even so tight?"

"Steve. His name is Steve." Tony laughs, so much that his eyes turn into tiny slits, like half-moons, little laugh lines appearing around his eyes and the edge of his lips.

"You have a beautiful laugh," Stephen hears himself say, not able to hide the fond tone in his voice.

Tony looks at him, surprised, curious... interested? A blush suddenly graces his cheeks. "What?"

"Nothing," Stephen mumbles. "Just proceed with your work, I won't disturb you, I promise. So... do you mind if I stay?"

"Not at all," Tony chuckles. "But Peter will come later, and I don't want to hear-" He points an accusing finger at Stephen. "-one single mean word about him."

Stephen smiles. "Don't worry. We love Peter."

~~~

The change comes subtle, gradually, and it takes a while for Stephen to notice it. A few days after his conversation with Tony he comes to the workshop and finds a couch a there, a few days later a tiny table next to it and some books, then a kettle and a selection of teas, and after a while medical brochures, historical journals and the latest newspaper make a sudden appearance.

Stephen doesn't comment on it, scared to embarrass Tony and himself by doing so, and ruining their little...personal moments with it.

A few days later he suddenly finds Peter lying on the couch, and a sofa chair next to it.

"What are you doing?" Stephen asks while sitting down on the chair. "Don't you have homework?"

"I'm bored," Peter groans.

"Then do your homework," Tony comments before he puts on his face protection and reaches for one of the bigger drills.

"It's a history test, and it's so tiring to study for it." Peter looks at Stephen, eyes wide open. He always looks so innocent that way. Smart kid, knows his tricks well.

"History is very important. General knowledge is too," Stephen answers, voice serious. "If you don't broaden your horizon and knowledge and only focus on the things you are interested in like maths and physics, you will slowly turn into... a one-trick pony." He points at Tony. "Look at him, he is knowledged in all kinds of things and fields, even politics and economics or he wouldn't be as successful as he is and lead and own such a huge enterprise."

Peter blinks, before he sighs dramatically and reaches for his history book. "Fine," he grumbles. "You won. I'll study, but please stop lecturing me."

He indeed does so, two hours later even leaving to look at more information in Tony's library. Tony stops his work and approaches Stephen once Peter left. "Good job," he comments.

Stephen blinks. "Hm?"

"With Peter," Tony grins. "You made him listen."

"Did I?" Stephen shrugs. "Is that something special?"

Tony looks amused. "He doesn't listen to just anyone, you know? Last time Steve told him something and he downright ignored him, same with Thor. Pretended he didn't understand what they meant."

"And they bought it?" Stephen says in disbelief. "The kid is a genius."

"Yeah, but kids always get underestimated. That's why-" Tony tilts his head. "I like the way you handle him."

Stephen nods. "Tea?" he says after a while, mainly to diffuse his own surprise and slight embarrassment by Tony's compliment.

Tony nods and takes the cup Stephen offers him. To his own surprise Stephen doesn't feel grossed out when he sees how Tony adds four spoons full of sugar to it. Weird, he thinks, Tony just do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Family
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Being Tony
Protective Stephen Strange
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Superfamily (Marvel)
IronStrange
Irondad
Past Relationship(s)
Developing Relationship
Feelings
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Parent Tony Stark
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jealousy
Feelings Realization

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

