Chapter 1: Prologue, Part I: Phoenix Reborn
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


~~~



April 30, 2016. 8 hours after Siberia.

 Time crawled on as the last dim rays of the wintery Siberian evening were consumed by pitch-black night. The only light now was from the moon overhead, filtered through the snowy storm and the bunker walls casting long shadows across a pained, broken body, reflecting blue-white on steel bunker walls, on wrecked red-gold armor, on glistening fallen tears.

The last sunlight I’ll ever see.

It was beautiful, but it wasn’t enough.
Not for the first time that day, Tony felt a rush of this awful mixture of anger, sadness, and simple 

pain.


About seven hours ago, Tony had stopped feeling anger for Barnes. Not for him.

Sadness, yes. When Barnes’s face flickered across Tony’s mind’s eye, he just felt sadness and grief. He felt how he did on that December night all those years ago.

Cold. Hopeless. Crushed. Like he was dying.

Rogers, though… 

Somewhere around hour four, when he was certain the frostbite had settled in, he’d gone through everything he’d said and done to Rogers and he wanted to fucking scream. 


How could he do that to me?


He’d had the nerve — he’d had the fucking nerve to talk about Howard and how he was so 

happy

 he’d gotten 

married,

 he had the nerve to lecture him about how much 

better

 Howard was than him, he had the nerve to use 

his

 money, 

his 

tech, 

his 

resources, that he had because of 

Howard 

—
And Tony realized that he was going to die for him. For Rogers, who betrayed him; for Howard and Maria, who he’d loved so, so dearly but who never loved him; for Barnes, who he didn’t even know.
He couldn’t help but think of all the people in New York, in DC, in Sokovia, who died for people who didn’t know or care about them either.

And now he knew how that felt. It fucking sucked, to be so fucking miserable, and hopeless, and 

abandoned in a dead four-hundred-pound suit, numb to the cold in fucking Siberia — 


— Okay, he could tell that allowing his anger to stew was not doing good things to his psyche. His failed attempt at therapy back had had 

some

 effect on his self-awareness.

But 

fuck,

 it felt better than the hopelessness and pain that pierced his chest with each breath of frosty air.

He was lying prone, weighed down by the powerless suit. The auxiliary power lines had only lasted a minute before the heavy gold-titanium lost its strength and collapsed. The SOS call would have gone out, but he’d long since given up hope someone was coming. For all his paranoia and contingency-planning, he’d never once prepared to be left to die by a 

friend 

in the middle of motherfucking 

Siberia.


A friend. Christ, Steve was never Tony’s friend, was he? He was Barnes’s friend, sure. He’d watch the world burn for Barnes.

But Tony?
Tony was the price of being in Steve Rogers’s way.(He was collateral damage. Something Tony had become all too familiar with in years past.)

(“He’s dead,” she’d said. “And I blame you.”)

(Maybe this was how he deserved to go out.)
But for all the years he’d spent hoping his death would be some small penance for the lives he claimed, for all the years he’d spent flirting with suicide, Tony was not ready to die yet.

He still had so much to do.

He still had so much he loved.

Rogers might not have been a friend, but Rhodey was. Pepper was. Happy was. Harley was. To compare what they’d done for him over the years to Steve by calling them both his friends, Tony decided, was an insult to the people who cared for him. Who 

loved

 him, even when they shouldn’t have.

Rhodey was paralyzed. The horror of that set in around hour zero-point-five. Rhodey wouldn’t be paralyzed if it weren’t for Tony, 

god,

 and that fucking airport battle… Rogers had acted like there was nothing at stake — and there wasn’t, not for Rogers. 

He’d

 never be the collateral damage, would he?


Who would have thought the guy who would never pay the price for his actions would be the “little guy” from Brooklyn and not the motherfucking corporate billionaire?


Eh. Life was weird that way.

Life was sadistic, too. In hour three, Tony’s brain had flown into a state of panic at the numbness in his extremities. He’d tried to calm himself by setting his mind to work on some random, tangential engineering designs — an ingrained reflex, a muscle memory, meant to soothe himself (one last time, to build ideas that would never see the light).

He’d thought up some ideas for leg braces for Rhodey. Rhodey would never use them. Maybe he’d never walk again.
(He’d left Rhodey a shit ton of money. If treatment ever became available, Rhodey would be able to afford it.)
(It was the least he could do.)

Because he’d paralyzed Rhodey. 

Rhodey,

 who’d been there for him since MIT, who’d found him wandering in the desert, who’d brought him home, every time.

He’d paralyzed Rhodey.


Christ. This is de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony's friends with everyone except the exvengers
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Catherine Leung (OFC)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Bitterness
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
look im unapologetically team iron man kay
Not super Natasha Romanoff friendly??
the mcu characterized her badly alrite
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Extremis Tony Stark
Accidental World Domination Kind Of
look i hate canon so i fixed it
also did i mention i love tony stark
he deserves the world and he's gonna get it in my fic
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Families of Choice
this was supposed to be short and bitter but I've written like 100k+ already soooo
my first fic!
i think i overdid it with the tags
oh well
please read my fic it probably doesnt suck
Tony Stark-centric
President Tony Stark
Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony's friends with everyone except the exvengers
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Catherine Leung (OFC)

