Work Text:
They had to lie when people caught sight of the car that picked up Peter every day after school. Driven by a chauffeur, a sleek black Audi that sat idle, waiting for Peter Parker. Of course, people would get curious – especially when someone caught sight of the driver’s face.
“That’s Happy Hogan,” someone said. “He’s, like, Tony Stark’s bodyguard.”
Apparently, Happy Hogan was somewhat of a known figure. If you were in a thousand press photos with Tony Stark, you’d be vaguely recognisable too.
“How the fuck do you know Happy Hogan?” Flash asked (accosted was more the word) when Peter arrived for Academic Decathlon on a Thursday. Peter joined clubs purely because he didn’t want to spend all his time at the house – school was the only reason he could go outside, what with being under the watchful eye of the Starks and SHIELD, and there was some form of parole going on for the ex-HYDRA agent. So he joined all the clubs Ned liked, so he’d know someone: robotics, band and Decathlon. He also joined track, because Coach Wilson wouldn’t let up on him joining a sports team and running seemed the most inconspicuous.
Peter shrugged and ducked away from Flash’s questioning. He kept his face devoid of emotion and sat down at a table, pulling out a textbook to read while he waited his turn to be quizzed.
“Hey,” Flash said, following after him. “I’m talking to you.”
“I heard,” Peter replied. “I’m just not talking to you.”
Still, the question hung, unanswered in the air. Peter figured Flash wouldn’t be the last one to question it, so he brought it up when he returned to the house, right on the border of Manhattan.
“I’m being asked how I know Happy,” he said at dinner. Pepper made something with spaghetti, because Peter liked spaghetti. There was some kind of sauce from a jar and Peter had decidedly not been allowed to help, due to what they referred as The Soup Incident.
“And what did you say?” Tony asked. His phone was sitting on the table, and Tony was splitting his attention in a 60-40 way between it and the people around him.
“I didn’t say anything,” Peter replied, “but they’re curious how I know Tony Stark’s bodyguard.”
“Technically, he’s asset management now,” Tony replied, not looking up from the phone.
Pepper reached over Tony’s dinner to swipe the phone, making Peter supress a laugh at Tony’s face.
“Fine,” Tony conceded. “If they ask, say you’re… I don’t know, an intern at SI.”
Peter quirked an eyebrow. “An intern?”
“Yeah, they’re unpaid staff and sometimes we recruit outstanding high schoolers,” Pepper replied. “Actually, on that note, we should probably be paying the interns.”
“FRIDAY can put that on a to do list,” Tony agreed. “But, yeah, kid. Just say you’ve got an internship and Happy drives you there. Make something up – you’re good at lying, right?”
Peter shrugged. “I suppose so.” There was a difference between being good at lying and enjoying the lie. Natasha Romanoff, as far as Peter could tell, enjoyed telling lies and watching people fall for them – just like how Peter was rather sure that ‘Natasha Romanoff’ wasn’t even her real name (but he was working on finding the truth buried there). Peter, on the other hand, lied like the best of them, but he didn’t enjoy it. He didn’t like the strange feeling that swelled in his chest when people bought whatever shit he spewed.
Like when Ned believed that he couldn’t ever visit Peter’s house because it was too far away, not because it was a safehouse to keep his ex-HYDRA ass secure. Peter didn’t like how easily Ned accepted whatever Peter said, as if he was seen as trustworthy in the other boy’s eyes.
(Peter had never before been trustworthy. HYDRA agents, as a rule, didn’t believe half of the things that everyone around them said. No one was trustworthy in a house of rats.)
“Great,” Tony said. “And it’s like, half true anyway. You help me out in the lab all the time.”
So when he was accosted once more, twice more, thrice more, Peter just said that he had an internship was all. Happy Hogan would pick him up, cart him off to a lab, and he’d work on whatever he was assigned.
“No fucking way,” Flash said, when he heard. “Stark Industries doesn’t even hire high schoolers.”
Peter shrugged, schooling his face to remain unbothered. “Yet here I am.”
“No, you’re not,” Flash retorted. They were drawing attention in the hallway, like usual. Flash had decided that the strangely strong new kid who didn’t fight back was somehow a good target, and Peter didn’t exactly mind. Since that first day in gym, Flash had stopped hassling Ned in favour of insulting Peter, and Peter didn’t want it to go back to the old ways. “I’ve applied for the SI internship before-”
“Maybe you just didn’t get in,” Michelle commented, appearing by Peter’s side. While she still would not allow Peter to call her MJ, despite them being a solid three months into the school year, Michelle acted a lot more like a friend than Peter expected.
So the rumour spread that Peter Parker, top of the class and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stark Industries
Field Trip
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Awesome Pepper Potts
field trip to stark industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

