Chapter 1: Superhero (Not A)
    




Chapter Text

MCU :: MARVEL UNIVERSE :: MCU


MCU :: MARVEL UNIVERSE :: MCU


New York city is the city that never sleeps. It was exhausting, exhilarating and humbling all at the same time. Fast paced and never stopping, always evolving. There were so many things Skye Johnson could say about it as she stood on the ledge of a ten story building at ten at night. The time the parties started when the suits went home and the skirts came out.


It was in the middle of the summer, but it was never too hot in New York. It was warm, always warm, comfortably so. Well now, seeing as the sun finally set a few hours ago. It was thankfully no longer dry and humid. Skye wore nothing but a pair of low crotch sweats, her well worn Nike running shoes and a tank top with the sides cut out all the way down to her waist.


She was high up enough that the breeze was a bit stronger, and cooler but it made her feel alive. Her city brought her to life, especially on nights like this when she was restless. Her mind plagued with memories as woman as young as her had no business carrying.


“
Hey!”


Skye startled and jumped back off the ledge, the roofs gravel crunching loudly beneath her feet. She whirled around to face the speaker of the authoritative voice and winced. Two NYPD officers stood behind her, both of them shining a flashlight on her. They were getting wiser on her, and the other traceurs and freerunners—by not using their sirens when someone about people running on their roofs.


The female cop edged forward, “Hey, kid, you lost or somethin'? What are you doing up here, huh?”


Skye rolled her eyes internally, of course with her short stature they would think she was no older than eighteen (twenty, thank you very much!), it was a common ego boost for her. She thought about entertaining them for a while, to stall for a few seconds since they were blocking her only known exit. She hadn't planned on running into trouble tonight, she just wanted to get the memories out of her head by tiring herself out.


“
You a jumper, kid?” the man asked, hand already on his radio. He was ready to call in the NYPD jumper squad, and Skye just looked at him and shook her head.


“
No...not tonight, Officer.”


“
Kid—! 

Shit!

”


Skye dashed to the right and began to run and as she had hoped, both of the officers followed after her. Skye, to put it quite simply, ran in a complete circle until she was back at the entrance of the staircase. She felt fingers brushing her upper arms as she dashed between the closing door and the wall, but her small figure proved to be too fast for them.


She heard their thundering footsteps and jingling keys behind her, but Skye has been doing this since she was fourteen years old. She did several lazy vaults over the guard rails to put more distance between them and herself. Going down the flight of stairs at a breakneck speed was trippy and she nearly skipped a few steps in her excitement and haste.


She was a full level below the pursuing NYPD Officers by the time Skye exited the building and nearly knocked over a couple taking a late night stroll. The guy yelled at her, but her heart was pumping so loudly she didn't hear shit he said. Skye was halfway around the corner when she heard the buildings metal door slam against the wall. She kept running until she was able to slow down into a slow walk and blend in with the night crowd.


Skye laughed to herself, 

that was close...

she expertly avoided the people walking around her, using her size to her advantage. She thought about finding another rooftop to hang around but thought better of it, one night of excitement was enough for her and now she was a little hungry, figuring a trip to Taco Bell before going home to finish her uneventful night.


As Skye rounded another corner, spotting her refurbished midnight blue 1970 SS Chevy Chevelle gleaming beneath a dim streetlight. It was a gift from a friend from...from a long time ago. Skye started walking a little awkwardly as she fished for her keys in her deep pockets.


“
Get the hell away from me!”


“
Aw c'mon baby, don't be like that, we just wanna buy you a drink!”


“
I said—” a yelp had Skye's head snapping up immediately, spinning around in place trying to place where those voices were coming from. She could hear scuffling and muffled screaming, and multiple men laughing but she just couldn't 

see 

them. The young traceur stopped suddenly when she saw movement across the street, she didn't really see any people but she knew how crime in New York worked. Stick to the shadows, and people will keep walking. And that was exactly what was happening.


Without thinking, Skye broke out into a dead sprint across the street. The group moved behind a dumpster and for a brief moment, the woman in distress managed to get free to swear at them and clock one of the dudes. Skye stepped up on a half broken crate and used her momentum to haul herself over the trash can with as
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Nick Fury & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Sharon Carter/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye | Daisy Johnson's Superpowers
Skye | Daisy Johnson-centric
Black Sky
Awesome Maria Hill
BAMF Maria Hill
Maria Hill takes care of Skye
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Protective Melinda May
Minor Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Hacker Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye | Daisy Johnson Has Issues
Amnesia
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Skye has a lot of layers
temporary major character death

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Nick Fury & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Sharon Carter/Skye | Daisy Johnson

