Chapter 1: Harriet Fearn Potter
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The Fates watched with bated breath as Lily Potter worked to deliver her child into the world.  Had the babe been sired by her husband, the soul would have been born Harry James Potter to become The-Boy-Who-Lived.  However, due to their meddling the child had been sired not by a wizard, but by a god.  Lily Potter nee Evan’s was giving birth to the first born child of Loki Odinson, Prince of Asgard, half-born child of the King of the Jotunn, Laufey.  Where one day Harry would have mastered Death and challenged Hela for her title, Harriet would walk a different path.  Harriet Potter, The-Girl-Who-Lived would stand not as the Master of Death but the Master of Fates.  Depending on how life shaped her she could be the making or the breaking of her universe.  Thankfully for all the Fates would be watching out for their future Mistress.  They would do all they could to guide Harriet in the hope of creating a future of reason and compassion.***At five years old Harriet Potter was struck by her Uncle for the first time.  Without thinking about whether what he was doing was right or wrong Vernon reached for something handy and found a serving spoon on the table.  Holding Harriet in place by the wrist he delivered ten consecutive blows to her forearm as she cried out and struggled.  When he was done Vernon yelled at her that she was an ungrateful wretch who deserved worse for having gotten Dudley in trouble with her lies.As you may suspect, Harriet had not lied and in no way deserved the punishment.At school that day Dudley had been bullying his cousin just as he did at home.  Mirroring his mother’s words he teased Harriet for her messy hair and untidy appearance.  Neither of these things were Harriet’s fault of course.  Her Aunt Petunia’s hair was straight and fine.  The woman had no experience in caring for hair like that which grew from the girl’s head nor did she wish to learn.  As such Harriet was never taught how to comb and maintain her curly locks in a way that would show them at their best.  Instead after her bath nights it was combed down as straight as possible in the hope it might stay that way.  But by the time morning came, after a night sleeping on it as it dried, the strands would be left in utter disarray which would worsen as the days past.As for Harriet’s clothes, Petunia and Vernon did relent to spending money on buying Harriet girls underwear and shoes.  Everything else she received were second hand.  The few precious skirts and properly sized tops she had were passed on to the Dursleys’ when the neighbor’s girl grew out of them but as these pieces were limited they quickly wore out.  The rest of what Harriet had were Dudley’s castoffs and her cousin was not one for taking care of anything he owned.  By the time his clothes made it to Harriet they were often stained and patched or littered with little holes.  Being made fun of for her appearance hurt Harriet greatly as she was surrounded by a world that told her what little girls should be and she knew she was not living up to that.  She dreamed of her aunt doing with her the things other mothers did with their little girls.  Harriet dreamed her own mother was still alive to put her in dresses and put bows in her hair.  But it wasn’t to be.  Instead she was left with her hair in a mess and one of Dudley’s old t-shirts tucked into a threadbare skirt.As her cousin and his friends mocked her Harriet stubbornly tried not to react but the tears still fell.Dudley enjoyed seeing her cry.  Feeling victorious egged him on further.Reaching out he grabbed hold of a lock of Harriet’s hair and gave it a sharp yank. With a harsh cry she reached up trying to protect herself but had no luck against Dudley’s strength.  Thrilled with himself Dudley gave a second harder yank that tore the hair from Harriet’s head.  As the strands came away threads of invisible magic left with them, traveling out to wrap around Dudley’s wrist before sinking away to where the Fates could quickly gather them for use.  Sadly they could only use them in altering Dudley’s future but they worked within that limitation to their best advantage.Across the playground Mrs Roman, the children’s teacher hadn’t noticed Dudley and his friends herding Harriet off and out of sight.  She was distracted with matters outside of her job and so lost in her worries she didn’t even notice one of the children’s jackets laying abandoned in her path.  Stepping down on the smooth fabric of the windbreaker she slid nearly falling down flat on her face.  Scowling Mrs Roman picked up the hazardous garment.  Examining the tag she found the name Dudley Dursley written out in clear neat print.  Normally she would have kept the jacket and returned it to the student when play time was over but on this day she was too frustrated for that. Striding off Mrs Roman went in search of Dudley.  When she 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Voldemort

freeform: 
AU
James is not Harry's father
Harry Potter is Loki (Marvel)'s Child
Absentee Father Loki
Non-Human Harry Potter
Demigod Harry Potter
Female Harry Potter
Magically Forced Personality Overwrite
Not So Evil Voldemort (Harry Potter)
Enemies to Friends
Secret Identity
Seer Harry Potter
Becomes Good Voldemort
Jotunn | Frost Giant Harry Potter
Asgardian Harry Potter
Half Human Harry Potter
Loki is half Jotunn and Half Asgardian
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Cedric Diggory Lives
Dobby (Harry Potter) Lives
Sirius Black Lives
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Families of Choice
Butterfly Effect
Severus Snape Lives
Not Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Compliant
Not Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Compliant
Hogwarts Fifth Year
The Fates Aren't Friend

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Voldemort

