Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text


”I tried to drink it away. I tried to put one in the air. I tried to dance it away. I tried to change it with my hair.” - Solange (Cranes in the Sky)

He never took the same route twice. Making a concerted effort not to fall into a routine and retrace his steps from the day before was difficult, but a blessing in disguise. With his mind on avoiding the streets he’d taken recently, he couldn’t dwell on the world around him as it fell apart at the seams. Things had gotten better over the past eight weeks that he’d been running the streets of New York City, but they weren’t the same. Trash was still piled up in alleys and even blocking sidewalks in some areas. Cars still sat abandoned, though the city was trying to tow them. Infrastructure was difficult when half the people who made the city and the world run were gone. Life was hard, period.
Steve kept his pace much slower than he was capable of because he didn’t want his identity known. This was also why he never took the same route twice. He didn’t want some reporter catching wind that Captain America was taking a morning jog right around sunrise each day when he damn well should be trying to save the world. Steve didn’t know how to save the world. He’d tried, and he’d failed.
The survivors—Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Thor, and even Tony when he’d finally found his way back three weeks after this hell had begun—were still looking for a fix, an angle, some hope that what had happened could be fixed. The raccoon who insisted on being called Rocket and a moody woman who had more mechanical parts on her than should be possible were helping, but they were volatile and Steve didn’t really trust either of them.
His feet hit the sidewalk rhythmically. Sometimes he let them slap hard against the pavement, even though he knew it was poor form. The sound was satisfying, hypnotic. With the hood of his sweatshirt pulled up over his head and the beard on his face, he was almost invisible to the survivors who seemed lost as they tried to pick up their old routines after three months of this hell. He was invisible as long as he didn’t push himself and run as fast as he was capable. So, instead, Steve played the long game and used distance to wear himself down. He started at three o’clock in the morning and looped around the city, trying to avoid the streets he’d run the day before. By the time his legs were fatigued, it was well past nine in the morning.
It was eight-thirty now, or at least that’s what the watch Stark had guilted him into wearing said. Tony had claimed the watch was for communication during emergency situations. Steve didn’t have the heart to tell him that it was all over now. The emergency had come and gone; they’d lost everything. The end. Tony was obsessed or possessed or both; he had tunnel vision for a solution that would take it all back. Steve was a little more realistic. Or maybe he was jaded, beaten, useless. He was spent. Nothing left in the gas tank, he thought as he turned the corner and came at Stark Tower from the back, slipping down an alley so he could enter through the loading dock tucked away in the shadows of these behemoth buildings.
The place should have been bustling with activity, with people on their way to work. It felt almost deserted, like more than half the people had been lost in that single moment when he’d failed to stop Thanos from destroying so many lives, not just the ones who vanished. Steve often wished he’d been one of those to go, especially if he could trade his life for someone else’s. He thought about that late at night more than he was willing to admit. It would have been better that way because he was useless now. He wasn’t a help with the science, and there was no army to fight, no monsters to keep at bay. The world felt empty, and he felt like a ghost, half gone already.
He ran the heel of his hand over the sweat that had gathered on his brow and weaved his way through a couple pallets of boxes. The two guards on duty nodded at him before returning to their business. Steve often wondered if they thought he was a joke or a failure. He considered that this morning as he stepped over to the service elevator and pressed the button to go up. The light showed red for a moment before his fingerprint registered and flipped it over to green.
“No! Let me in! I need to see him!”
Steve looked at the floor and swallowed his anxiety over the screaming coming from the lobby just beyond the steel door.
“Please! Please, go get him. Tell him it’s Darcy Lewis. He knows me. I swear he knows me.”
Her voice had taken on a pleading, broken quality that made his heart ache. She’d lost someone just like everyone else. He wondered who she was looking for and why the security guards wouldn’t let her enter the building. Maybe the trauma had pushed her over the edge.
“Get your fucking hands off me! I’m serious, dude! Go get Thor. He’s going to be so pissed off that you— Hey! Stop! No!”
One of the guard
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Semi-Public Sex
Shower Sex
Oral Sex
Creampie
Eventual Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Explicit Sexual Content
Angst and Feels
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

