Chapter 1: Compassion for the Monster
    




Chapter Text
Prompt: what about the reader comforting venom after something goes wrong (you can decide what exactly) and then letting him rest his head on their chest (maybe someone mentions how nice it is, even when it's usually the other way around)  ...You knew something was wrong by the snarls that were coming from the living-room. Low, inhuman, sounds that would probably make someone else run for the hills. You, however, had the honor of being Eddie Brock and Venom’s girlfriend for a good five months, and while the noises sounded like a horror movie sound editors wet dream, you didn’t feel afraid.Frowning, you got out of bed, padding barefoot to the closed door, pressing your ear to it as you listened. You hadn’t been sleeping, so used to having that large body - be it Venom or Eddie - cuddling you that real sleep had been slipping through your fingers.The snarling, growling, hissing syllables were alien, possibly the most alien sounds you’d heard Venom make to date, and despite some prehistoric bit of your brain screaming at you to hide, you quietly opened the door and made your way to the apartment’s living room.The massive dark form that was pacing the length of the room like a caged tiger didn’t notice you at first, wicked talons clenching and un-clenching at his sides as he stalked around the room. Those odd pale eyes were narrowed into slits, fangs bared in a grimace, and you could see the muscles in his back and arms rippling, as if he was literally holding himself back from tearing the room apart.“Venom?”He jerked at your soft voice, spinning around to face you, talons raised as if to attack - only to huff a growl when he recognized you.“GO BACK TO BED, MORSEL.” It was more of a warning than a command.You, being stubborn, ignored him. Instead, you walked forward and curled your arms around his waist in a hug, nuzzling your face into his chest.He tensed, like a spring about to snap, or a viper about to strike. Actually vibrated a little, snarling something. You merely tightened your arms around him as much as you could - not that your meager strength could actually do anything to harm him - and pressed a gentle kiss over his - Eddie’s - wildly thudding heart.Slowly, you felt him start to relax, a low hiss leaving him as he rose his arms to wrap you up in a bear hug, ducking his head to nuzzle his face into your hair, taking an obvious lungful of your scent.“BRAVE, MORSEL. OTHER PEOPLE WOULD HAVE RUN,” Venom grumbled, voice vibrating into you.You nuzzled his throat. “Other people don’t know you like I do,” you murmured to him warmly. “Though if they did, I might get jealous.”That had the intended effect of pulling a low chuff of laughter from him. “THERE IS ONLY YOU, MORSEL.”“Then come hold me?” It was a rather underhanded trick - Venom was low-key addicted to cuddling. Any chance he had, he’d be attached to you, arms and tendrils wrapped around you and keeping you held snugly to him.He grumbled again, though there was no anger in it. “SNEAKY.”Your lips curved into a smile. “I try.” Shivered when wicked fangs grazed the side of your neck as he shifted his hold on you, hands sliding down to your thighs to lift you as Venom headed for the bedroom. Felt him rumble against you, the low bass of his voice making you shiver again as it vibrated out of his chest and into you.The bed groaned as Venom literally threw the two of you down onto the mattress, dark tendrils already reaching for you, curling around your arms, legs and waist.You blinked when he gently nudged you onto your back, but let him arrange you the way he wanted, smiling softly when he sprawled diagonally across the bed, his head resting on your chest. As he got comfortable, he slid his hands under your tee shirt so he could feel your skin, his arms wrapping around your waist, holding you almost desperately close.It was unlike him, and you rose your hands to hug him to you as he shifted so his head was resting above your heart. “Venom, hun, you okay?”“WE WILL BE,” he mumbled, arms tightening around you almost painfully tight for a moment before relaxing. “THIS HELPS. YOU HELP.”“Good.” You brushed your hands across his shoulders, thumbs rubbing circles against the nape of his neck. Rolled your eyes moments later when he nuzzled his head into your breasts, rumbling happily. “Comfy?”His answer was a wordless ‘murring’ noise, something solely alien, but all relaxed pleasure. “COMFY.”You laughed, softly, hearing him grumble when it made his head bounce on your chest. “Go to sleep. Things will be better in the morning.”...
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Venom/Reader
Eddie Brock/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Comfort
Fluff
Violence
Trigger Warning for CH 3 - Mention of Past Rape/Attempted Rape
CH 6 Inspired by Hunchback of Notre Dame (Disney Version)
Pampering
More Fluff
Smut
Ch 16 & 27 NSFW
New Years Eve
Birthday Fluff
Pregnant Reader
Carnage - Freeform
Ch 30 - Trigger Warning - Self Harm
CH 41 - NSFW
Superhero Reader - Freeform
CH 45 - NSFW
Mutant Reader
Blind Reader
Don’t copy to another site
symbrock
CH 55 - Trigger Warning - Domestic Abuse

fandom: 
Venom/Reader
Eddie Brock/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

