Work Text:
Title: Easily AmusedPairing: Bucky Barnes/Steve RogersWord Count: 4110Rating: 18+Warnings: post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier, use of endearments, domesticity, fellatio, fingering, barebacking, bottom!SteveSpoilers: NoneDisclaimer: I don't own any of these characters or their universe.Summary: Bucky is far too amused by Captain America™ merchandise.It started with a keychain.He’d been looking for the key to his bike for twenty minutes before finally giving in and asking Bucky. “Have you seen the key to my motorbike?”“Thought you said I could borrow it?” answered Bucky, looking at Steve over the top of his book.“Well yeah, but you don’t need it now, right?” Bucky didn’t answer for nearly a minute and Steve crossed his arms over his chest, tempted to tap his foot, but then Bucky smirked.“Nah, here,” said Bucky, tipping his book onto his chest and digging in the pocket of his cargo pants, key pressed between the knuckle of his forefinger and the tip of his thumb.Steve nodded and reached for it, frowning when Bucky wouldn’t let it go. “C’mon, Buck, Sam wants me to meet him at 1:30 and I’m already running late so quit scr--” Bucky let go of the key and his eyes narrowed. Dangling from the end of his keys was a new metal keychain. He shook his head at Bucky and rubbed his thumb over the star on the miniature of his shield. “You’re an idiot.”“I’m the best and you know it, punk,” laughed Bucky, grin pulling at his mouth as he crossed his arms behind his head on the armrest.“You like to think so,” muttered Steve, leaning over Bucky and pressing a kiss to the bridge of his nose, delighted when Bucky groaned and wrinkled his brow. “You’re sure you don’t want to go?”“There is no way in hell I have any interest in watching the goddamn Air Force Band perform.”Steve laughed, “I thought you didn’t participate in service grudges, Barnes.”“Fuckin’ airmen,” grumbled Bucky, but Steve didn’t miss the slight upward curl of his mouth. “Go. Have fun with the birdman,” he said, picking up his book again and waving off Steve.“Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone,” said Steve affectionately, pressing another kiss to Bucky’s forehead and carding his fingers through Bucky’s hair. “We’ll go to that burrito place you like when I get back?”“Only if you spring for guac and chips, too,” said Bucky, grinning when Steve nodded.“You bet.”“Good. Now get your ass out of here before Sam calls to yell at me for keepin’ ya’.”Steve petted Bucky’s hair once more before dropping his keys in his jacket pocket and heading out to meet Sam.  It was long enough after the keychain that Steve really didn’t think anything of it.He usually got up before Bucky, liked to have some time to himself before Bucky found him and wrapped him in his arms in the middle of their kitchen. So Steve was a little confused when he woke to a knock on the jamb of their bedroom, Bucky silhouetted with a mug of coffee in his metal hand and a platter of toast and fried eggs in the other.“Morning, Captain,” he teased, letting Steve sit up before he carefully settled breakfast in Steve’s lap.“Bucky,” answered Steve, warily picking up a piece of toast and biting into it. “Did you eat already?”“What, you ain’t gonna share with me?” asked Bucky, sitting on top of the comforter next to Steve. Steve held out the toast for him and he grinned, catching it between his teeth and exchanging it for the mug of coffee.Steve gratefully took the mug, fingers curled through the handle as he took a gulp of caffeine.  Bucky smirked at him around his toast and he cocked an eyebrow. “What did you do to my coffee, Barnes?”“Nothing. Don’t be so paranoid,” said Bucky, eyes flicking down to the mug before he grinned again.“What--” Steve’s eyes widened as he glanced down at the mug. He’d noticed it wasn’t his usual morning mug, but emblazoned across the side was a cartoony rendition of him in his Captain America uniform. His cartoon self had his shield across his left arm while his right touched his temple in a regulation salute, CAPTAIN AMERICA printed beneath in all its red, white, and blue word art glory. He rolled his eyes and took another swallow of his coffee. “You get enjoyment out of the weirdest things, Buck.”“Says the guy who’s still drinking out of his own face,” said Bucky, reaching across Steve’s lap and cutting off a piece of egg.  He wasn’t expecting an ambush.It was dark in the entryway when he got back to their apartment. He called out Bucky’s name, knew he was home because he’d left his boots where he’d kicked them off in front of the door. Steve sighed and nudged them against the wall before removing his own shoes.He palmed the light switch and screamed.Bucky laughed, bent over at the waist and hands settled on his knees. “That was priceless,” he said, straightening and leaning against the Captain America cutout at the end of the entranceway hall.“You ass,” huffed Steve, hand over his rapidly beating heart, “that startled the crap out of me.” He frowned at Bucky, watchin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Barebacking
Bottom Steve
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

