Work Text:
There was a learning curve to Peter’s powers, both the good and the bad parts. He wasn’t an idiot or a little kid, but still, he hadn’t really, truly understood the meaning of all those phrases like “everything comes with a price” until he’d gotten his new abilities. After all, being able to climb walls and lift cars and swing from buildings was awesome, but constantly feeling guilty about not doing enough to stop crime wasn’t. Fighting bad guys was cool, but coming home bruised and worrying his aunt and sometimes missing classes certainly wasn’t. And super senses were neat, but being suddenly overwhelmed by simple stuff and the occasional blinding, completely debilitating migraine definitely wasn’t.
The first time it happened, about a month after he got his powers, he literally fell over on the street, right in front of May, and ended up in the ER. He described his symptoms once he was able to talk without instantly throwing up, then they scanned his head and took some blood—he had to admit that worried him, he had weird powers now but he hadn’t told anyone and what if they could tell something was wrong with his blood? But they just checked some electrolytes or something and said everything was normal—and told him everything was medically fine. They said it was just a really, really awful migraine, gave him meds that didn’t do anything, and sent him home.
For all that the meds didn’t do anything because the headaches originated from his superpowered senses and the scale was even more dramatic than most, Peter concluded that they were more or less the same as normal migraines. He read up about auras and avoiding certain stimuli, and after the fourth one in two months, figured out how to block out some of the background stuff when he was really tuning in to his powers; darkened goggles on his suit, extra padding around the ears, things like that. 
Meanwhile, thinking it was just a normal medical condition, May told all his teachers and made sure they wouldn’t give him a hard time if he went down during class, and started bringing home all these suggestions and little things for stress relief. She got him to try yoga with her in the apartment—he had to admit, it was probably good for him in terms of being Spiderman anyway—and putting out things that smelled subtly like sandalwood and lavender and trying to get him to take more warm baths. She could be a bit overbearing at times, but she was trying so hard to help him, and god did he love her.
After Germany and then the whole fiasco with Mr. Toomes, when he started working more with Mr. Stark, he noticed a decline in the migraines and the little tension headaches from overwhelming stimulus. Which was weird, because he was pushing himself more than ever with the amazing suit Mr. Stark had given him, and the times he got to go over to Mr. Stark’s lab, the place was full of bright lights and crazy noises and all kinds of stuff that he thought should have set him off. But then again, he’d seen Mr. Stark make a few gestures and faces that suggested to Peter he might have his own experience with migraines. Maybe, despite all the different stimuli, certain things about his tech were designed to not aggravate headaches.
Still, a decline wasn’t a total loss. After the first one in the lab, Mr. Stark—looking more panicked than Peter thought he should have, okay, maybe Peter doubled over and just slid right off his workbench onto the floor in the middle of a project and then wouldn’t open his eyes for thirty minutes, but there was no need to panic, it’s not like he was dying, though thinking back he might have mumbled something about feeling like he was dying, okay so maybe there was a reason to be worried at least from Mr. Stark's perspective—demanded an explanation and Peter told him everything he knew about the migraines, not that that was much. He knew they came from his sensory overload sometimes because of his powers, that the meds doctors had given him didn’t do anything, and how to tell when he was building up to one and sometimes manage to avoid it. He also tentatively mentioned that they’d seemed to be better since he’d started wearing the suit Mr. Stark had given him and coming to work in the lab, which made Mr. Stark get this sort of sappy smile that almost made the nausea and head-splitting pain worth it. Almost.
They didn’t really mention it again, other than Mr. Stark telling him to watch better for the signs and warn him if he was going to collapse in the lab, for god’s sake, which Peter promised with nearly complete sincerity he would do. He’d try, of course, but when he was working on a project he got so focused that sometimes he forgot to pay any attention to his body or the outside world at all. He got the feeling, from some of the things Mr. Stark’s friends and stuff said sometimes when they came down to see him in the lab, that Mr. Stark experienced something similar.
The start of the new school year came around and he had to cut down on 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
other canon characters mentioned/briefly present
Fluff
Iron Dad
poor Peter's sensory overload
migraines
little bit of genuine medicine and little bit of made up science
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

