Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Despite Tony Stark’s love for the spotlight, he was not an easy man to track down.
That was not new information to Steve, but it was the first time that he had had to deal with Tony’s disappearance act and he had to admit that it was beginning to become quite annoying. Not only had the billionaire not answered the phone the hundreds of times that Steve had tried to contact him, he had also not answered the letter that Steve had sent him the second he had been able to let down his guard just a bit without risking the entire team getting caught by the team of agents that the Accords Council had sent after them. Of course, should the worst thing happen and the agents happen to find them, Steve knew that he would have to protect his own team, but he would prefer not having to use violence against people who had been vulnerable enough to be recruited by the Accords Council. He could easily imagine the kind of threats that had been issued towards the agents to make them go after Steve’s team.
So despite how much Steve found himself missing Tony, he had resigned himself to the fact that it was best to stay hidden in Wakanda until the entire thing would blow over. Then he could go back, sort out the entire thing with Tony, and make everything go back to normal.
That was his plan. But then Tony crossed the line.
Going on TV to openly tell that he distanced himself from what the public had dubbed the Rogue Avengers was one thing. Steve had expected that. After all, Tony had to make sure that the Accords Council would not begin to bring up his relationship with Steve to question his ability to handle any future merger between the new Avengers - a team of mostly untrained children and civilians - and Steve’s team.
Although they had been the ones to defend all the people on the planet from a situation where superheroes could be bossed around by people with agendas, Steve’s team had been the one to be blamed for everything. The destruction of a tunnel in Bucharest that accidentally killed eight civilians as well as two members of the team sent to catch Bucky. The airport in Germany even though no one died. Hell, nearly all of the reporters had even tried to blame Wanda of all people for how the Hulk had gone on a rampage in Johannesburg, for assisting Ultron - completely ignoring Tony’s blame in that -, and for the explosion in Lagos.
But Steve had been able to handle all of that, assuring Sam and Scott that they were doing the right thing, teaming up with Natasha to convince Clint that it would not be a good idea to go and try to shoot an arrow after Tony, even managing to calm down Wanda so that the red mist that would begin to twirl around her fingers at the mere mention of Tony’s name would disappear.
But when one of the reporters, a woman named Christine Everhart, raised her hand. The second Tony nodded at her, she stood up, a glint in her eyes that made Steve shudder despite the pleasant temperature. Her question was long and unnecessarily convoluted, but from the gasp that it provoked from Scott, Steve knew that he had not misunderstood it. The reporter had had the gall to ask Tony whether or not the Rogue Avengers would be allowed back on the team, questioning Tony and his devotion to each other. Steve had just leaned back in the sofa, ready to see Tony tear her apart, when Tony went too far.
Looking directly into the camera, almost as if he knew Steve was watching, Tony answered after a brief pause that Steve knew meant that Tony had chosen his words carefully.
“What I think about the possibility of Mr. Rogers, Mr. Barton, and Miss Romanoff joining the Avengers once more as well as Mr. Lang and Mr. Wilson deciding to apply is irrelevant as the decision is not up to me. If they decide to sign the Accords, something I don’t think is likely given the way the acted the last time we saw them,” he paused, allowing the reporters gathered in the room to snicker at the expense of Steve’s team, “and if they do decide to apply to join the Avengers, they will be evaluated by a panel. And although that panel consists of members of the Accords Council as well as members of the Avengers, I have decided that, given my past history with evaluating the intent of other superheroes, I would be unfit for that position. As for Miss Maximoff, I think the chance of her ever returning to the Avengers is practically non-existent as the government of Sokovia has already declared that were she ever to be found, she would be sentenced to life in prison, charged with aiding and abetting Ultron in his schemes that ultimately led to the destruction of Novi Grad as well as for the attack in Johannesburg, both attacks that led to hundreds of fatalities.”
It felt like a punch to the gut. Rationally, Steve knew that Tony had to say all of that to retain his position in the Avengers, but that didn’t mean that it didn’t hurt hearing the words come out of his mouth. And Wanda… it must have hurt the girl so much to have to l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Sokovia Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

