Chapter 1: A Sacrifice
    


Summary:

Darcy banishes a Grimace wannabe.





Chapter Text
“Thanos.”

The fighting seized abruptly. The disembodied voice spoke to Thanos in an even tone. It wasn’t as soft as a whisper, nor was it as loud as a normal speaking voice. It was both clear and garbled at the same time, and there was no one that could pinpoint the gender of the speaker.

“You think to trick me.”

Thor, who had been in the middle of gloating about Stormbreaker’s power, was the first to notice the figure moving towards them. He would know that person anywhere. Why were they here? How had they gotten here? Along with he realization of who they were, the Avengers realized they couldn’t move — no one could.

Not even Thanos.

“I know your soul.”

As the figure drew closer, Thor fought harder to move.

Bright blue eyes, long dark hair, pale skin, and dark rimmed glasses. In a large orange sweater and boy shorts, it was clear that her appearance was unplanned. She looked every bit as confused as everyone felt.

They all watched as she processed the situation. Vision was dead. The Avengers were in various states of injury and fight. Thor had a bad cosplay of Grimace literally axed.

“I have seen your secrets.”

Thanos looked at the mortal that had joined them. Who was she that she was unaffected by the soul stone? She looked no different than the others, though perhaps ill-clothed. She was no warrior.

Everyone watched as she and Thanos stared at each other. Thor wanted to warn her away, but couldn’t.

“You are unworthy.”

His fingers, already mid-snap, were forced into a fist as the gauntlet’s temperature rose abruptly.

“A sacrifice is asked.”

“A sacrifice was given,” the titan groaned.

The Soul Stone was no longer in Thanos’ possession.

“A sacrifice is asked.”

Thanos regarded the newcomer once more. The Soul Stone hovered in front of her, before speeding towards her and lodging itself in her chest. She stumbled, but quickly regained her balance.

“What was that?” Her hands came up to inspect her chest, but there was no wound where the stone entered her.

“Who are you?” With a flex of Thanos’ hand, Stormbreaker was out of his chest and he was standing in front of the woman. Another move and he had her by her throat.

She struggled at the harsh and abrupt grip, but found that she didn’t need to take in air to stabilize herself. Instead she felt as if she were floating, and the monster’s handling of her was but a mild inconvenience.

When their eyes met, Thanos saw his defeat.

In the blink of an eye, Thanos was gone and Darcy Lewis was holding the Infinity Gauntlet.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Loki/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Stephen Strange
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis-centric
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Darcy Lewis is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis Feels
Darcy Lewis & Thor Friendship
Romance
Eventual Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Relationships
Drama
Psychic Abilities
Psychological Drama
Friendship
Family
Alternate Universe
Bruce Banner & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Some Humor
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Darcy Lewis & Stephen Strange Friendship
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Infinity Gems
Infinity Stone Soul World (Marvel)
Infinity Gauntlet
Reincarnation
Background Relationships
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Clint Barton/Laura Barton

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Loki/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Stephen Strange
Loki/Steve Rogers

