Work Text:
It is light outside. This means it is morning. Every day: a morning. You are getting used to it.
Steve says, "Can I?" Always asking your opinion. As though one of these days, a day with a morning, you'll say: "No. You don't have the strength."
He shows you the watch, how it fastens on you. He fastens the little clasp at your wrist.
It is cold and has weight. It is made of silver. You bring your hand up close to your face. You are getting used to it. You can hear the heartbeat inside the watch. A shiver of time. A shiver. A flinch.
"It's not a computer," Steve says. "You have to wind it up, like in the old days. Tony thought that would be— Tony made it. It can't be reprogrammed."
"Reprogrammed," you echo.
"Yeah. I don't, you know, with these things. I guess with electric stuff, someone else can change the time. But this way, everything that makes it work is inside it."
"The movement," you say. A driftwood piece of knowledge, washed clean out of its diagram.
He blinks. "What?"
"A movement is what makes a clock work. Mainspring. Balance wheel. Escapement." You think of a clock but you picture a rifle: disassembled, then each piece locking into place. Click. Clock. You press a fist against your temple. You want to physically move the memories. Your skull is a cell where you keep yourself captive, and someone has thrown away the key. There are days when you think of sliding a knife in. A lock-pick.
Steve says, "Bucky."
You flinch. "I."
"Do you like it? You don't have to keep it."
You jerk your hand down. You look at the watch. You can see, on the display, that little black leg flinching forwards and forwards. Time is shivering on. You are still in motion. You are part of the movement.
"I like it," you say. Testing out the idea.
You are getting used to it.
You take off your shoes.  You take off your socks. You take off your jacket. You take off your jeans. You put your shoes by the bed. You put your socks in the laundry. You hang up your jacket. You fold your jeans. You sit on your bed. You take off your watch. You wind your watch. It is 11 PM. You are in Manhattan. Your name is James Buchanan Barnes. You are a human being. You hear your heartbeat. Tick, tock. You are a human. You are. Being.
"Steve."
"Huh?"
"Steve."
"Yeah, Buck, what?"
Breakfast. Coffee. Milk. Toast.
Steve spreads your toast with butter. You can't use a knife, is the thing. Can't. You can't make your fingers close around it. You had thought: hardware malfunction. But all the hardware is working: organic, inorganic. So why can't you— "Let's not worry about it right now," Steve had said. But you feel it inside you: a shadow in your body, cut-wire-smelling and dark as ink. It freezes your hands and strangles your voice. It rises up and sends you scuttling into corners. It has its own motions, and you do not understand them. It has its own demands.
You say, "Tony gave me this watch."
"Yeah." Steve is distracted.
You say, "I don't know Tony." It is almost a question. You let your voice rise. Do I? Do I know Tony?
Steve looks up. "No. Oh! No, you don't; he owns the building; he's kind of, I guess he's our landlord?"
"I haven't met him."
Steve uses his fork to chase a stray crust of bacon. "You met him when we first moved in here."
"I don't remember."
"Yeah, you were still pretty—"
"I know what I was," you say curtly.
You see the surprise on his face. You don't know if he is surprised because you are acting like you or not acting like you. You have no basis on which to evaluate. You don't know how to revise yourself. But: you don't want Steve's face to move like it's moving. His eyebrows dip. His mouth flattens. You wish you could reach out and move it back into position. Press your thumbs against his cheekbones. Make him not make the shadows on his forehead. It doesn't work like that. You know this.
You tear your toast into smaller pieces. "I know what I was," you say again. "So why would Tony give me stuff."
"People give each other things," Steve says, as though this should be obvious.
You stare at him intensely. He ignores your gaze.
In your experience, people give you nothing. You have never given anyone anything. You construct, in your head, the necessary sort of argument:
People give each other things. People give you nothing. You give people nothing. Therefore: you are not a person.
But now this gift, upending the order.
People give each other things. People give you things. You give people nothing. Therefore: are you a person?
"Hey," Steve says. "Don't over-think it. It's just a watch." He looks at you, all gentleness. You think of sunlight. You think of cresting the Williamsburg Bridge, bicycle wheels flying, sea birds circling, bright water beneath you with ship-trails in it, and a burst of light as you sped towards Brooklyn. The Savings Bank with its white brick, as huge and as ancient as anything Roman. Laughter behind you, Steve's laughter: a light and warm and steady thread that runs all through you, that you string yourself ont
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PTSD
Amnesia
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

