Work Text:
To be entirely fair, Peter had been 12% conscious when the announcement was made, and that’s the only reason he yelped so hard when MJ’s elbow dug into his ribs and she asked, “You intern there, like, all the time, right?”Peter’s head whipped around. He’d been up relatively late last night, getting his ass kicked first by the Black Widow and then by his calculus homework, so, uh. He’d been napping through Engineering. “Wha’s going on?”“God, you’re a mess,” MJ said, and failed to further elaborate.Peter turned a pleading look to Ned, who took pity on him. “We’re going on a field trip to Tony Stark’s workshop spaces in Avengers Tower,” Ned said.“Oh no,” Peter replied.“They do this every year, he never shows up,” Ned reassured him. “He’s not supposed to. We’re just gonna talk to some engineers about our future careers in STEM fields, play around with Stark tech.”“There will be so many white men,” MJ says. “Too many, in fact. Too many white men.”Peter looked at her. “Are you going to be in this conversation or not, Michelle?”She glowered at him.“I’m sorry,” he said, shrinking back.“You’re damn right,” MJ said, then returned to her notes.Peter shot a sidelong look at Ned. “But… we’re all going to Avengers Tower. Like. As a class event.” He already spent half his life in the Tower, between his internship and the being-Spiderman thing and the various times he and increasingly Aunt May just, like, hung out. They were cool. They were almost like family.And he was going to have to look at all the cool tech in the Tower he’d helped repair (or create, because Shuri had made him a whiz at Wakandan tech, at least when compared to other non-Wakandans — to actual Wakandans, he was like a mildly precocious first-grader) and act like a tourist???“Look on the bright side,” Ned said. “Some supervillain might attack the Tower and force us to evacuate. It happened when we went to the Washington Monument, after all.”“You always look on the bright side,” Peter said. “It’s what I like about you.”“Can you two maybe shut up,” MJ said. “I’m trying to listen.”“Sorry,” Peter and Ned muttered, and returned their attention to the screen. In hopes of finding a more sympathetic audience, Peter called Shuri on one of her impossibly cool magic marbles.She cackled at him.“Your life sucks,” she said between bouts of laughter. “Only you could get yourself into this mess, Peter. Only you.”“I don’t know why I thought you might be sympathetic,” Peter said.She cackled again. “Truly, I don’t either,” she replied. “To clarify- your friends, do they know of your connection to the Avengers?”The Wakandans didn’t quite get the whole secret-identity thing. Shuri had made an excellent point- half of the Avengers didn’t wear masks consistently, and, like… faces are recognizable. She didn’t believe people would just not recognize them. He’d had to argue with Shuri for the better part of an evening to convince her that no, people genuinely are that stupid, they don’t recognize Hawkeye in the grocery store because- no, no one has ever recognized Hawkeye anywhere, yes, he understood he still looked like Hawkeye in different clothes but like-At least his spidey-suit actually concealed his identity, saving him from getting the brunt of Shuri’s mocking critiques.“Ned definitely does,” Peter said. “I think MJ might, but she’s kind of an enigma. I’m not sure she’d tell me if she knew.”“MJ sounds cool,” Shuri said. “I want to meet her.”“I cannot handle Wakandan royalty coming to my school,” Peter said. “Bad enough everyone knows I’m connected to StarkIndustries, if you or T’Challa come around people will be like, why the hell does Peter Parker of all people know these ridiculously cool superheroes and they will catch on to the Spiderman thing and then I’ll go to jail.”Shuri rolled her eyes. “Buzzkill.”Peter groaned and faceplanted on his pillow. “Why do all my friends bully me?”“Because you’re pitiful,” Shuri said. Then, affecting a wholly decent New Jersey accent, she added, “You’ll never be shit, duck.”“Ya just. Like. Ya fatha,” Peter said into the pillow. “I hate you, Shuri.”“Ridiculous,” Shuri said. “My brother says Tony Stark has scheduled our next playdate for this Saturday as a paper-thin excuse to rematch with him for the six-hundred-sixteenth time.”Peter groans. “When will he learn that your tech is just better than his?”Shuri shrugs. “He enjoys tilting at the windmill that is my brother’s suit,” Shuri says. “And this will teach him humility.”“If you successfully teach him humility I think Pepper Potts will cry tears of pure joy.” Peter pulled his head up. “If you want him to stop, I can talk to Ms. Potts about it,” he said, “he doesn’t have to-““No, no, it’s fun to watch him squirm,” Shuri said. “Besides, you’re my fiancée, we should go on dates.”“Oh my god,” Peter said, faceplanting back into his nice, safe pillow, which never used ridiculously advanced, truly game-changing tech to cyberbully him. “For the last time, I proposed to your lab, to the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Spider-Man & The Avengers - Relationship

freeform: 
more fluffy family shenanigans with peter and the team

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Spider-Man & The Avengers - Relationship

