Work Text:
The summons comes when Loki is at his desk, a whispering sensation announcing his visitor’s arrival as Loki’s numerous wards are breached. He doesn’t look up from the scroll he’s already covered in meticulous notes, dark ink drying quickly in the mid-morning sun streaming in from the window. There’s no need to.  There are only a handful of people with permission to enter the inner sanctum of his private chambers without notice, and fewer still who make use of this privilege. “What it is, Alrik?” The head of Loki’s personal guard has taken position just inside the entrance, careful to keep his eyes averted from the papers strewn around the various desks. “The Allfather has requested your presence in the Council chambers, my Prince.” “Indeed?” Loki asks, sweeping up the freshly written scroll as he rises. “Then I best be going.” Alrik accepts the paper Loki hands him with the custom inscrutable expression that has kept him in Loki’s good graces for the better part of four centuries, dark eyes sweeping over the narrowly written script without difficulty. “Are these to be carried out right away, your Highness?”Loki smiles. “Posthaste.”Striding into the darkened Council chambers a few minutes later, Loki has stripped himself of any trace of mirth, expression somber as he draws to a halt across the echoing floor. The Allfather is still in conversation with a group of his advisors, but dismisses them with a wave of his hand at Loki’s appearance, cutting one of them off in the middle of a sentence. Knowing better than to mistake this for an invitation to speak, Loki waits patiently, even as the men’s footsteps fade and the silence begins to grow oppressive.His father’s voice betrays nothing when he finally speaks, eye fixed on a map on the far-off wall. “What do you know of the Meraxen empire?”Loki’s back straightens almost painfully, and he forces himself to measure his reply, staying the treacherous eagerness that threatens to loosen his tongue.  “A trading conglomerate. Founded three hundred years ago when Empress Maharni turned her family’s wealth into the galaxy’s most profitable enterprise by securing trade routes between the Pangorian quadrant and its immediate neighbors. Rumor has it she’s looking to expand its influence even further.” “How so?” His father is still studying the map. “The Empress has no children of her own to inherit her claim. There are numerous nieces and nephews, however, who are clamoring for the chance to prove themselves worthy of the task. The result is a rather ferocious familial competition for the most promising expansion strategy.” Loki hesitates but then decides to forego caution for daring. “A competition that in all likelihood will find its victor in the Empress’ younger brother’s offspring.” Now his father’s eye is on him, the force of his attention as piercing as a spear. “And why is that?”Loki forces himself to meet his gaze without hesitation. “Because they have received an invitation from the King of Asgard to forge a trade alliance, guaranteeing them access to the Nine Realms and beyond.” “So they have,” his father says after a long pause. “Though I’m not certain how my youngest son came by this information, given that it wasn’t supposed to travel past the confines of my very own Council.” Loki doesn’t attempt to offer an explanation or excuse, well aware that nothing he could say would make any difference to the outcome of the conversation. On any given day, the Allfather’s reaction to Loki’s continued circumvention of prohibitions is wont to cause either amusement or punishment, with very little reliable precedent to gauge which one it might be. This time he seems to be settling on something approximating contemplation, brow furrowed as he turns his gaze to the map again. “Our guests arrive today. As you have taken it upon yourself to become part of this matter, I’m putting you in charge of their reception as well as the negotiations.” His father shakes his head. “I intended this to be a task for your brother. But since he chooses to waste his time and efforts dallying about with his friends, you will now be acting in his stead.” Loki doesn’t outwardly react, biting his tongue until the metallic taste of blood fills his mouth. As always, any of Loki’s merits are merely taken as a whetstone to sharpen the Allfather’s beloved golden weapon with. The revelation ought not to sting so freshly given that it’s hardly the first time he’s been subjected to this reality. It’s like he never learns.   Thor left to explore the Palyn star system months ago, just in time for the approaching hunting season on several of its planets. The Warriors Three and Sif went with him, of course, faithful and mindless companions that they are. Thor proved himself quite unhappy when no amount of wheedling would change Loki’s mind on the matter of accompanying them. He must have since shed that unhappiness, because he’s been gone for ninety-six days now, the longest he’s ever been away fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Pre-Thor (2011)
Established Relationship
Sibling Incest
Jealousy
Political Alliances
slight Loki/OMC

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

