Chapter 1





Chapter Text
One by one. That's how they went.He watched with wide, wandering eyes as the heroes before him slowly faded away. Their bodies drifted off into the wind as if there was never anything there in the first place. A small pile of dust leaving the only proof of the fact that there was once someone standing in that very spot. It was painful to witness the fear pooling in these heroes' eyes as they watched their friends fade out of existence, and then glance down to come to the terrifying realization that the same was happening to them. That they lost: that it was over... and there was no going back. The confused desperation displayed in their expressions when they look up at him for the final time, as dust dances at their feet, causes his chest to tighten in an uncomfortable knot, because there was nothing he could do. There was nothing he could do to save them. There was no loophole, no trick... he had no idea what to do.Their faces were blurred, and their names were forgotten, floating in the back of his mind, just beyond his reach no matter how far he stretched to find it. Why couldn't he remember their names? Why didn't he recognize them even though their faces were so familiar? What he did know… he knew they didn't deserve this. They were good... he knew they were good. They didn't deserve it.He choked back on the lump in his throat as he watched each individual face fade away into the empty expanse of the unfamiliar horizon. They were gone. There was nothing left of them except for the dreadful pile of dust that pooled where their feet once were. The painful reminder of what it once was.He was running out of time. There was slowly becoming nothing left of the heroes who ‘used to be’, and soon, there would be nothing left of him either.That is how it works, isn't it? He's left to witness the consequences of his failure before facing the same fate himself even when he's not sure what led him there in the first place.He needs to keep it together though, because this… this wasn't real. It couldn't possibly be real. How could he have screwed up this badly? What could he possibly have done for all these people, these heroes, before him to suffer this terrible fate.  He watched, helplessly, as the last man's body slowly mutated into those dreadful flakes and piled together right where he had once been sitting against the rock after mumbling an onslaught of indiscernable words that he couldn't quite decipher… and then patiently waited for his turn. He felt the deep desire building inside of him and he yearned to be taken with the others. He wanted to watch as the dust slowly appeared at his fingertips, giving him a single moment to realize what was to happen only seconds later. It would be one moment. Only one second of hysteric, manic fear before he drifted off into the wind and his very own pile of dust formed where he was standing. There would be no pain, no feeling, no thinking. Just a short spurt of dread before he had the joy of feeling absolutely nothing. Peace of mind is what it’s supposedly called, and oh, what a feeling that must be. A lifetime of pain and suffering would all be forgotten before he finally received the fate he deserved. Death; and all he had to do was wait just a little while longer.He failed, he screwed up. This was his legacy; this was his fate. He had always been destined to fail, and then die in the process. He had always known. No matter how many wrongs he tried to right, no matter how many problems he tried to fix, and no matter how many people he tried to help… this was it; this was his legacy. It was his turn to finally suffer the punishment he deserved.Although, this feeling in his chest felt far from any form of suffering. What was that? Relief? He could feel the burdens of the world lift from his shoulders, and he could finally… finally breathe again. He could feel all of it. All the sorrow, pain, rejection, and betrayal slowly emerge from the cages of his mind and heart, where it had been festering during its years of confinement. It all drifted away, and he was ready.He was ready to finally be at peace. To join the others who had suffered the same fate of death. It was finally his turn… after all these years of waiting.He took in one final breath. He had to savor the sweet sensation of fresh air seeping into his lungs one last time, because he knew he'd never get the opportunity to feel it again. It should have saddened him, but, instead, a small smile slowly edged it's way up the corners of his mouth at the prospect of never having to breathe again. Of never having to accumulate a panicked fear from the lack of air during his nightly panic attacks, because this was it. It was finally happening.So, he gently closed his eyes and waited with his relieved smile still present on his face. He waited for it to come, for it to take him to a place unknown. He waited for that final feeling of nothingness to surge through him, as he was picked apart into mini
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark is a total Dad
Rhodey is the best uncle
Sassy Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Weird Infinity war twist type thing
marvel AU
Time Travel
Other dimensions and stuff
Crack
But also serious
preciousness
Fluff
just a tiny bit of Angst
The Avengers think Peter is Tonys son
And Tony doesnt deny it
Protective Tony Stark
Sleepy Cuddles
clingy peter
clingy tony
Jealous Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Nervous Tony and Peter
Both of 'em got some daddy issues
But theyll work it out
Pepper's a total mom and everyone loves her
Parent Pepper Potts
Bring your kid to work day!
Jealous Peter Parker
Platonic Cuddling
Angst with a Happy Ending
Family Feels
Team as Family
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter Needs a Hug
Multiverse
Peter Parker Has a Twin
Dopplegangers
Technical Jargon
Things get weird
Family Drama
Family Bonding
Sibling Rivalry
Tired Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

