Work Text:
A week ago, if you told Peter Parker he’d be looking forward to his decathlon trip to the new SI complex he’d have laughed.  Yet here he was practically bouncing in his seat as they drove towards it.
“What’re you so excited about Parker?”  Flash demanded, smirking.  “Looking forward to seeing Tony Stark?  Oh wait, you don’t know him.”
“Shut up Flash.”  Ned huffed on Peter’s behalf, even though Peter ignored the bully.  He’d had a lot of practice at it.  “Why are you so excited?  I thought you were dreading this trip.”  Ned asked quietly, once Flash had turned his attention to bragging about how this win was all because of him (never mind that MJ got them the winning point).  
“I was.”  Peter grinned.  “But that was before the other school was coming along.”  Originally, the SI tour was meant to be a prize for only the winning decathlon team.  However because of the runner ups impressive performance, and Peter’s suggestion, SI had decided to invite both teams instead.
“What’s so cool about the other school?”  Ned asked.
“You’ll see.”  Peter said cryptically, still grinning widely.
“One of the kids on the other team also knows Stark.”  MJ revealed from her seat behind them, tone as deadpan as ever.  Peter quickly turned back to pout at her.
“MJ!  It was meant to be a surprise!”  He huffed.
“It’s not like Ned knows who the kid is.”  MJ said, turning to the next page in her book.
“Remind me to never be sick again.”  Ned said.  “Apparently I miss everything.”
“Well I didn’t actually meet him.”  Peter clarified.  “I just heard Flash talking about it with someone from the other school, after Flash threatened me not to lose the game on purpose.”
“Then how do you know he wasn’t actually lying?”  Ned asked.
“Because I heard what he said happened and it matched the story Mr Stark told me about.”  Peter explained.
“Why bother setting all this up then?  Couldn’t Stark just find the kid himself if he wanted?”  MJ questioned, pretending she was still paying more attention to her book than the boys.
“He never found out Harley’s last name, and by the time he went to the garage everything had been cleared out.  Mr Stark feels really bad about not being about to repay him, you know?  Like he practically saved Mr Stark’s life.  But I wasn’t just going to tell Mr Stark who he was, where’s the fun in that?  Plus this way he’ll be too distracted to embarrass me!  It’s a win-win.”  Peter grinned. 
“Who would’ve thought Peter Parker could actually scheme.”  MJ said.  “I’m almost impressed.”
 
The other school was already there when Midtown High arrived.  They stood in front of the tour group entrance with an annoyed look Happy Hogan (so just normal Happy Hogan, as far as Peter could tell) and one of the interns Peter only vaguely recognised.
“Welcome decathlon finalists!”  The intern, a perky man with black hair grinned.  “My name’s Steven, I’ll be your tour guide today.  The grumpy guy next to me here is Happy Hogan, Stark Industries head of security.  He’ll give you guys a quick rundown of the badges before we can go in.”  Steven said, gesturing to Happy.
“I’m only going to say this once, so pay attention.”  Happy said, glaring at the gathering of teenagers before picking up one of the white guest badges.  “This is a personalized guest-level badge that you’ll be receiving.  It has your name, photo, and clearance level on it.  You’ll need to be wearing this somewhere visible all day, if it’s not visible you’ll be immediately escorted out.  The badge will give you access to the building and select rooms.  To enter you’ll need to scan the badge on scanners like the one just there and wait for the light to turn green.  In some cases, Steven will need to scan his badge before you can.  If you try to enter any room you’re not allowed, FRIDAY will alert you it’s off limits.  If you still try to get in and I’m feeling nice, you’ll be forced out of the building.  These badges will be deactivated as soon as you leave.  If you lose it during the tour tough luck, we don’t do replacements.”  He explained, keeping the same stern voice and glare the entire time.  Even Flash seemed unnerved.  Not Peter though, he was too used to Happy to be scared of him.  “Any questions?  No?  Good.”  He finished, completely ignoring the hands that shot up.
“Now you know why we call him Mr Grumps.  Don’t worry, I’ll answer your questions once we’re inside.”  Steven said, quickly breaking the tension with a grin.  “Now, when I call your name please come get your badge and step into the lobby through the door behind me.  Once everyone’s through we’ll begin the tour.”  Steven said.  After giving both teachers their badges, he started to call everyone out in alphabetical order. 
When Steven got the Ls, he didn’t call Ned’s name.  Ned looked over to Peter, frowning, but Peter could only frown back.  He tried to catch Happy’s eye, but the security guard was too busy watching the teenagers that had gotten their badges.  Steven also didn’t call out Peter’s na
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Superfamily
or its getting there anyway
Trans Peter Parker
flash says something thats transphobic
but its okay because mj and harley will beat him up
This might become a series

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

