Chapter 1: A 4-Block Drive is Not a Date
    




Chapter Text
"Hi! I'll be with you in just a sec," said Steve, cheerfully polite as he set up a fresh pot of the medium roast to brew before turning back to the register. He was glad he'd spoken before he looked, because the man in front of him was both insanely hot and clearly above Steve's paygrade. "What can I get for you today?"
"What's the highest number of shots you'll put in one drink?" asked the man, glancing up from his phone dismissively, and then again more slowly. He put the device away and leaned on the counter, a slow, easy grin finding its way to his face.
Steve tried very hard not to blush. "Um, Bucky? What do you think?" He might own half the place, but Bucky had been running it for months while Steve finished out his tour of duty, and he wasn't comfortable enough yet to make calls like that on his own.
"I'll do an even dozen if he'll pay for it," said Bucky, shrugging and starting to set up the machine. "Latte or what?"
"Dry cappuccino, please," said the customer, giving Bucky an interested look as well. "And if you're willing to treat me this well every time, I think I'm about to become a regular."
Bucky grinned back with his own brand of flirty charm. "Oh, babe, you ain't seen nothin' yet. Dry 12-shot cap it is. Steve, charge this gentleman for four triples, please."
"You got it," said Steve, relieved to have someone thinking of how to even put such a thing in the register. "Name?"
"Tony," came the reply. "Not that there's a lot of people here to confuse me with."
Steve chuckled wryly, certain he was now pink to the roots of his hair. "Habit, sorry. Anyway, Tony, if you're planning to come back to us, leave your card in the fishbowl and maybe we'll make you one for free one of these days."
Tony laughed delightedly. "That's really not a problem, but I definitely don't mind you having my number," he teased, pulling a card out of his wallet along with some cash.
Steve was about to answer when the bell over the door rang and half a dozen teenagers came tumbling in, full of laughter and jostling to be first in line. "I'll be with you guys in a sec," said Steve, but when he turned back, Tony had left more than enough money to cover the bill, slipped a twenty in the tip jar, and taken himself over to chat with Bucky while his drink was pulled.
Steve would absolutely not be jealous if Bucky got Tony's number first.
"All right, what can I get you kids?" asked Steve, finishing the transaction and setting Tony's change aside so he could clear out the PoS.
He was pleasantly surprised when, after finally helping the last girl decide on an Arnold Palmer, he turned to find Tony waiting with a flirty grin. "I've got your change," said Steve, scooping up the coins and bills.
Tony waved him off. "Keep it," he said, taking a blissful sip of his very large coffee. "You two have earned my eternal devotion." He winked and placed his card on top of the fishbowl, flipping it over so all Steve could see was neat, cramped writing covering the back. "See ya on the flipside, sweets."
"Sweets?" Steve mouthed at Bucky, who just winked, turning to hand over the depth charge he'd been making for one of the kids.
The afternoon rush got well underway after that, and it wasn't until things slowed down for the night that Steve got a chance to go fishing in their fishbowl.
"That's cheating," teased Bucky, busy polishing the giant espresso machine that was his pride and joy.
"Tony left us a note, and told me he wanted me to have his number," said Steve, secure in the rightness of his position. "You're just jealous because I got it first."
"Too right," said Bucky. He came over and slung his bad arm around Steve's waist, still getting used to the new fit of the prosthetic. They'd worked hard to get him into a trial program for some experimental robotics, and it had done wonders for his speed and ego both.
Steve laughed and held the card up so they could both read it.


This is my actual business card, but if you call the number on the front you'll get shuffled around and blown off, and that is not the kind of blowing I'm hoping for here. Text me before you try to call so I know not to block you, and I'd love to hear from either or both of you gorgeous providers of blessed caffeine. TS

Steve's brows knit. "What does he mean, of course it's his actual... Holy shit."
When he flipped the card over, it felt like his heart did the same flip. They'd seen a lot of Stark Industries business cards going into the bowl, they were close to the tower, but he'd never seen one quite like this.
Because this one was Tony fucking Stark's.
"Did you recognize him?" asked Bucky, tightening his hand a little painfully on Steve's hip.
Steve shook his head. "I was fighting with the PoS and trying not to pop a boner at his bedroom eyes." He and Bucky had long ago given up any semblance of straightness or propriety around each other, but that didn't stop Steve from blushing again at the thought of it. "B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fluff and Smut
Romance
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
First Time
Threesome - M/M/M
Light Dom/sub
Subspace
Oral Sex
Rimming
Felching
look Steve is just real oral okay
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Tony Stark's shameless tech fetish
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Communicating Like Actual Fucking Adults
Polyamory
many more sex acts than tags can possibly convey
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

