Work Text:
- They assemble downtown to combat what SHIELD is classifying as a hostile magical attack, orchestrated by Loki and Amora. They’ve conjured up magical constructs of animals; Amora’s fashioned a convocation of eagle-like creatures whose proportions more closely resemble pterodactyls; Loki’s creations are wolves the size of bears. All the beasts are made of golden light, glittering with a similar translucency to one of Tony’s holograms. “Good news guys,” Tony calls as he blasts one of the eagles with his repulsor beam. “The shimmers are corporeal. Course, that’s the bad news too,” he adds as he just barely dodges the talons of another. “Are we really calling them that?” Hawkeye asks. He looses a swift succession of arrows into the torso of one of the wolves prowling at the boundary, observing for stress points in the beast. There’s a roar, followed by “Hulk smash shimmers!” Clint starts laughing and Tony’s face hurts his grin is so wide. Natasha reigns focus back onto their mission. “What’s our play, Captain?” Steve gives Thor the go-ahead to try some lightning. The bolt that he directs at one of the large eagles gets pulled downwards instead, drawn to the nearest wolf. The lightning courses through its body, absorbing it without much apparent damage. Thor huffs in displeasure. “It is as I suspected. Loki has crafted his wolves to deliberately interfere with my lightning.” Thor glances over at his brother, but Loki doesn’t seem very interested in the arrival of the Avengers; he’s idly petting one of his wolves with a bored expression on his face. “Amora’s creatures may be more numerous but she lacks Loki’s finesse. They will be less durable than his are.” Captain America nods decisively. “Hulk and I will stay on the ground, try to deal with some of these wolves. Hawkeye, Thor, focus on the eagles, take out as many of them as you can. Widow, I want you east side. If you get an opening, see if you can take Amora.” Good plan, Tony thinks. If their opponent’s strategy is to have Thor stay away from the eagles, it’s best to task him with attacking them, using other means aside from lightning. Natasha’s armed with the new prototype Tony’s been tinkering with, which is close range but should shield against magical attacks. “Iron Man, I want you to cause as much chaos as you can around Loki’s position. But do not engage him, Tony. Do not engage him.” “Heard you the first time.” Tony rolls his eyes, even as he hoists Clint up onto the nearest rooftop. “No dancing with the god of mischief, got it.” He heads towards the far side of the battleground and starts lobbing missiles at the eagles nearest to Loki, which shriek piercingly as they vaporise. Then he plunges downwards towards a wolf, continuously firing his repulsor beam at it. The wolf begins to glow brightly. “We seem to have gained his attention, Sir.” JARVIS remarks dryly. Loki surveys him with a special kind of lofty amusement, the look Tony likes to think is solely reserved for his antics. He circles around, still focusing his repulsor on that one particular wolf. Loki turns lazily on his heel to keep his gaze on Tony, placing his back to the rest of the fight. Success. The wolf explodes into a shimmer of golden dust. Tony almost gets his leg bitten off by the second wolf that rears up in its place. He swerves backwards and blasts it into the ground. Loki grins sharply. “Careful, Man of Iron. The beasts won’t be as considerate with you as I would.” “You? Considerate? More like deliberate.” Tony can’t help responding. “Don’t you have anything better to do on a Friday afternoon? Seriously, every nine-to-five worker drone is disappointed in you right now.” “And I suppose your evening is a full schedule of drowning your sorrows in drink and contemplating your inferiority?” Loki drawls. “Not true.” Tony retorts easily. “I was thinking more blowing things up in my lab and target practise using cut outs of your face.” Over the comm line comes an audible sigh from Steve, but he doesn’t protest Tony’s chatter. “I’m honoured.” Loki steps nimbly to the side to avoid the shower of sparks from another exploding wolf. The remaining wolf flanking Loki bares its teeth at Tony. “You should be.” Tony answers, adjusting his thrusters to hover a little higher, just far enough to put him out of what he hopes is the wolf’s leaping range. “JARVIS, you close enough to get a read on his magic output?” A moment later, a graphic appears on his HUD display, JARVIS confirming what he suspected. It’s obvious Loki’s putting concentrated effort into maintaining the wolves – after all, Tony’s hovering just a few feet away and the Trickster’s still yet to make any aggressive moves towards him. Loki pretends to look thoughtful. “I suppose an effigy in my honour is the best you can hope for in terms of having esteemed company.” “If we’re judging each other on the company we keep, you don’t really have any ground to stand on.” Tony points out. “Since when do you hang out with second-ra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fighting
flyting
flaunting
Flirting
obviously
Banter
Insults
Affectionate Insults
Poetry
Rhymes
Innuendo
Sexual Tension
Magic
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Genius Tony Stark
Tony Stark Appreciation
Loki Appreciation
mutual appreciation
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Tony Stark
Smitten Tony Stark
supportive team
Featuring Villains of the Week
JARVIS Knows All and Enables
everyone ships it
Except Fury
Nick Fury is Not Amused
I invented an app and I want it

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

