Work Text:
Peter sat with his hands clenched around the plastic armrests, his knuckles turning white as the plane shook. His entire focus was on breathing and not breaking the chair.He was terrified. And he was angry. And he was dangerously close to crying.His own voice floated back to him, strained and furious. “Despite what you seem to think, Tony, I don’t need you.” He could see the man’s face as Peter turned his back on him, his eyes failing to hide the pain Peter was causing him.Peter sniffed hard, rubbing at his eyes. He was not going to cry right now. He’d chosen this. That’s when the lights started flickering. And then the plane started falling.  Tony would fully admit that he was sulking. He was in his office, a room he rarely used, but he’d tried to go to the lab and could only see the afterimages of Peter, standing braced for a fight, his face red as they argued.He knew, the second the red alert sounded, that it was Peter. He’d had a sick feeling in his stomach all day.He was in a suit and flying before FRIDAY had said the words “plane crash.”It didn’t matter. It would take him too long to get there. He couldn’t save him.Oh, lord. The kid was going to visit colleges. He’d gotten a full-ride to Northwestern, and they offered to fly him out to look at the campus. Tony had tried to convince him to go in Tony’s jet instead, but the kid had refused. He’d never been one to take advantage of Tony’s money, no matter how much Tony insisted he wanted to spend it on him.He’s only seventeen, he repeated like some kind of prayer. He’s only seventeen and the last time I saw him we argued. He can’t die. He can’t.He’d never wanted Strange’s teleportation abilities so badly in his life. Why was it taking so long to get there?Finally he could see the plane in the distance. It looked surprisingly undamaged. There were emergency crews already there, and people milling about. Tony was scanning for Peter before he’d even landed.The nanotech suit retracted the second he’d touched ground. He started jogging through the swarm of people, twisting this way and that to try to catch a glimpse of his kid.“Peter!” He shouted, raising his hands to him mouth to amplify the sound. “Peter!”A police officer came running up to him.“Mr. Stark, I don’t know why you’re here, but there’s nothing Iron Man can do right now and it would—”“No, no,” Tony started saying frantically. “My kid was on this flight. I need to find him.”An EMT ran up as well. Both their faces were grim.“Please, his name is Peter, brown hair, brown eyes, idiotically self-sacrificing.”The fact that it was the last description that had the EMT’s eyes lighting up with recognition wasn’t a good sign.“This way,” he said, immediately turning back the way he’d come. Tony followed him, feeling like if he opened his mouth his heart would leap right out of his throat.The EMT led them toward an ambulance. As they approached, Tony’s pace slowed.People died in plane crashes. Peter’s parents died in a plane crash. And the way they’d known who Peter was from Tony’s quip about sacrificing himself...His knees almost buckled. What if he looked in that ambulance, and Peter was there covered in a white sheet?He was going to be sick.The EMT noticed Tony lagging behind and turned.“He’s right over here, Mr. Stark,” he said quietly, waving Tony forward.Steeling himself, preparing for life as he knew it to end the moment he looked around the open door of the ambulance, Tony walked forward.The inside of the ambulance was a disaster, first aid equipment strewn about. There were two other medics in it, both looking harried and tired. And there, sitting on one of the gurneys, was Peter.Even with his legs feeling like jelly, Tony was in the ambulance in a heartbeat.Peter turned and saw him, his eyes brimming with tears. “I’m sorry,” he whispered.Tony was holding him in the next second, clutching Peter to his chest with a desperation he’d only felt once before; standing on Titan with the gauntlet at his feet. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Peter hiccupped, his hands scrabbling at Tony’s jacket.“Don’t apologize,” Tony said, his voice wrecked as he tried to pull Peter closer. “Don’t apologize. It was my fault too.”“I just kept thinking that that was the last thing I’d ever say to you,” Peter sobbed. Tony closed his eyes, pressed his face into Peter’s smoke-smelling hair.“I know.” He’d thought the same thing, had relived their argument over and over on the way here. “I know. But I’m here now. I’m here, Pete, it’s ok.”But Peter pulled away from Tony, staring him desperately in the face. “I was afraid you’d forget about me,” he blurted.Tony blinked, already forming the denial on his tongue, but Peter kept going. “When I go to college you might find someone else to mentor and I’ll be away and you might forget about me and it would hurt so bad so I thought if I drove you away first it wouldn’t hurt as bad. It was so dumb, but I’m just—” Peter looked at a loss for words, his bottom lip trembling as he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Airplane Crashes
Worried Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

