Chapter 1: Watching in a Trance
    




Chapter Text
T’Challa stepped off the plane in Kampala, Uganda accompanied by the Dora Milaje. This was to be the first of many meetings held around the world about the Accords, accepting feedback and soliciting information for revisions.  T’Challa sighed.  In the six weeks since Siberia he had faced the fallout from his father’s deception and the challenge to his throne.  He had barely settled back into power before Rogers pulled the prison break and brought the rest of the Rogues into Wakanda.  He still supported the Accords his father had worked so hard to bring about and disagreed strongly with Rogers actions, but he had come to recognize the need for amendments.  He had wanted to kick them out but ironically he had been counseled against that action by his mother and sister.  He had been complaining about the Rogues ridiculous sense of entitlement and suggested handing them over to the UN and Mr. Stark.

“Dr. Stark, brother, he has PhD’s in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, and Computer Science.” Shuri smile showed him exactly how badly she felt he had screwed up.  “And he doesn’t need the stress of dealing with them at this time brother.”

“How is his recovery?” T’Challa asked, hoping he would get a different answer this time.

“He is alive, no thanks to you!” Shuri sneered.  Ramonda placed a calming hand on her daughter’s shoulder. 

“I see no way for you to turn them over at this time without making things worse for Wakanda.” Ramonda sighed.  “You should speak to them, see if you can find out their objections to the Accords, so the revised documents would be acceptable to them.”  

Discussions with the Rogues had not proved very useful as it became obvious only the Black Widow had actually read the documents.  But the fallout that had become known by the press as the Avenger’s Civil War had made it obvious that the Accords as proposed were not workable.  So now he was here to show Wakanda’s continued support for the Accords his father had proposed, and recognize the need for amendments.  

As he made his way into the conference, he was distracted from his thoughts by a commotion down the hallway.  The Dora quickly surrounded him as they attempted to identify the threat.

Tony Stark had entered the building.  He was in a bespoke suit and tie, signature sunglasses firmly in place as reporters hounded him with questions that he was ignoring as he walked towards the meeting room.  Suddenly a man broke through the crowd and shoved him into a wall.  
 “My pregnant wife was killed when that tunnel collapsed.  You think that paying off her medical bills and funeral expenses fixes anything…”  The man screamed at Stark, punctuating his words with another angry push.

 “Domnule Ion Lupei, I know it fixes nothing.” Stark sighed. “I simply didn’t think you and your daughter needed to deal with those expenses while you grieve.  I am sorry for loss.”
T’Challa wondered why Stark had not moved to defend himself as he strode toward the commotion.  Security finally closed in and pulled Stark’s assailant away as he reached Stark and the Dora surrounded them.

 “Dr. Stark, are you well?”  T’Challa regretted asking at the barely concealed glare. “Why did you not defend yourself?"

 “Your Highness,” Stark pulled himself away from the wall, arms wrapped around his torso and cradling his left arm once more.    Pain flashed across his eyes before he answered, “That man is suffering, grieving for the loss of his wife and unborn child while facing the future as a single parent.  We were responsible and he needs to know that the people of power don’t forget them, not punished for an excessive display of his anguish.”   Stark moved off into the conference room, the Dora moving aside for him to pass.

 “But Stark wasn’t even directly involved in the tunnel chase and collapse, was he?” T’Challa asked the empty air.

~~~

 The conference had droned on for hours.  Every country’s representative felt the need to speak, Wakanda as the originator of the Accords was slated to be next to last.  He said his piece supporting the Accords while recognizing the need for amendments.  As he returned to his seat he saw Stark approach the podium to speak on behalf of the Avengers. 

 “There was an idea called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could work together when we needed them, to fight the battles that ordinary people never could.  And that idea worked well when we were faced with an intergalactic threat like the Chitauri.  But even then it underestimated what ordinary people could do.  So many more lives would have been lost that day if the police and firefighters had not worked to get people away from the destruction and the National Guard and US Military worked to help contain the stragglers.  While we stopped Loki and closed the portal, they helped save the day.  And that co-operation is what I be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Shuri & Tony Stark
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Shuri & Tony Stark
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Tony Stark/T'Challa

