Chapter 1: 1 | peter is screwed
    




Chapter Text
The sunlight streaming through the tall glass windows should have made it a beautiful day. Instead, Peter Parker was sitting in decathlon practice trying not to scream after he finished his tryout test for the team next year twenty minutes ago.
"Time!" Mr. Harrington called out, smiling when he heard the mixture of groans and cheers.
Finally. Peter could get out of here. The room was beginning to feel suffocating, and besides, Steve was cooking back at the tower, which surely meant for an amazing meal.
Eagerly packing up to get out of school, Mr. Harrington shouted over the commotion of the kids talking over one another.
"Before you guys go, everyone who was on the decathlon team at nationals last year, including alternates, has received a special treat for all of us!"
Peter groaned, he was so close to freedom, but couldn't help but feel a little excited at whatever treat was supposed to be there for them.
"We will be taking a field trip to the Avengers tower and Stark Industries as a part of our reward for winning Nationals on Friday! I will be giving those on the team your permission slip, which should be returned to me by tomorrow."
Groaning internally, it was all Peter could do to not slide into a hole. He locked eyes with Ned across the room who was laughing at Peter, surely poking great fun at Peter's embarrassment.
Rushing out of the classroom, Peter waited for Ned as he slumped, not wanting to go back to the Avengers tower.
Ned came back, his eyes full of amusement. "Dude, have fun on the field trip. Your life is actually the funniest thing ever."
"Do you think I can hide this permission slip from?" Peter asked hopefully.
"Ha. Good luck. You know that they are the Avengers right? Like 2 of them are super spy's and the others have all the resources in the world to find out about your tiny field trip. I'm pretty sure at least one of them will blow your cover."
Peter groaned. In some aspects, he was kind of excited for the trip, but knowing Tony and the rest of the team, they would find any excuse to make fun or embarrass Peter in front of his team as much as humanly possible.
"Bye Penis Parker! I hope you have fun generating what excuses you will make when we all find out how much of a liar you are on Friday!" Flash called out from across the hallway.
Right. And then there was the problem of Flash Thompson. If the Avengers were ever to find out about the bullying, hell would surely rain upon Flash, and Peter wasn't even sure the kid would ever make it out alive.
. . .
Peter slipped through the window of the tower into the living room, hoping that perhaps an inconspicuous entrance would make for an inconspicuous dinner, which would mean that none of the Avengers would ever find out about the field trip he was dreading for.
His hopes were dashed when he realized that all the Avengers were sitting around the common area watching Sam and Bucky shout insults at each other while they played Mario Kart on the screen.
"Why do you never use the actual door to come in?"
Peter heard a voice behind him and jumped in shock, before whirling around and seeing Tony.
Tony had finally persuaded Peter to stop calling him Mr. Stark only a month ago, complaining that Mr. Stark made him feel like an old man. 
"If you have t-the ability to go in through a window and makes everything ten times cooler, w-why not use it?" Peter tried to be nonchalant, careful not to stutter too much to avoid further speculation, throwing his sweater in the general direction of the living room.
"What's the point of being a billionaire with all this stuff when you guys insist to make it a pig sty everyday?" Tony grumbled to himself before yelling at Peter to come down in time for dinner in 2 hours.
Shooting Sam a cheeky grin when he noticed the guy's glare at his jacket disturbing his game and making Bucky beat him, Peter ran up to the bedroom Tony insisted on him having, despite the fact that Peter would be perfectly fine sleeping on the couch when he came over every weekend.
Groaning in relief, Peter threw his stuff on the floor, before going to start on his homework so he could get it out of the way. Besides, he needed to do something to get his mind off the impending trip of doom.
 . . .
"Peter! Get your butt down here and eat!" Peter sat up in shock, not realizing how much time had since passed.
'It's okay Peter.' he told himself. All he had to do was get through one excruciatingly long dinner and he would be perfectly fine for tommorow.
Coming down to the kitchen, Peter smiled in amusement when he noticed all the Avengers gathering around the table while throwing food at each other. It was funny how perhaps the deadliest people in the world acted like ten year olds when they were put in a room together.
Sitting at the counter, Peter helped himself to a huge plate of food, which any normal person would pale at. 
"So, Peter, any interesting trips you might take soon?" Natasha asked her voi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Avengers
Field Trip
Interns & Internships
Stark Industries
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Identity Reveal
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Secret Identity
Stark Tower
Peter's SI trip
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
flash thompson is a dick
field trip to stark industries
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Complex Flash Thompson
aka he's not that bad
Flash lowkey redeems himself
but also not really

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

