Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Hey Mister Stark, so I’ve got some homework and I was hop-” I cut off 
abruptly
. Sitting in the middle of the polished granite kitchen of Tony Stark is the runaway Avengers. Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, Bucky Barnes, Clint Barton, and Sam Wilson. Strewn about, they look familiar with the space, but still 
slightly
 unused to it. I suppose months away does that. “You’re not Mister Stark?” I say, 
slightly
 awe-struck.

 

“No. We’re not.” Natasha says 
dryly
, eyeing me up and down from her place perched on top of the counter.

 

“Since when does Stark have a kid?” Clint kicks his legs on top of the table. Steve tuts at him, looking up from the newspaper and swatting at his legs.

 

“He doesn't.” Black Widow says. On second thought, “does he?”

 

“He doesn't.” The new voice is dry, unamused. All the heads turn to Tony. 
He's standing at the other entrance, carrying a stack of steaming pizza boxes with a tray of Starbuck cups balanced on top
. Tony sets down the towering stack of pizza boxes on the table. “No! 
Honestly
, I leave for five minutes to get the pizza and you think I’ve got a child?”

 

“To be fair, this random kid 
just
 shows up, asking for homework help, what were we supposed to think?”

 

“Don’t you think you would’ve noticed if I had a kid around the last sixteen years?”

 

“It would be the first thing you’ve kept from us..” Natasha says, slurping her steaming coffee.

 

Tony crossed his arms. “Yeah? What?”

 

“Ultron, for one.”

 

“That was-”

 

Interrupting the budding argument, I ask: “Hey, can I have some coffee?”

 

Tony and Natasha look up, her eyeing me 
dubiously
. “No.” Tony refuses.

 

“Why not?” I whine.

 

“Because it’s bad for you.”

 

“You drink it all the time!”

 

“I don’t have a developing brain.”

 

“But-”

 

“No.”

 

“Please-”

 

Mr. Stark raises an eyebrow at me. 

 

I fall silent, grumbling, “fine.” 

 

Mr. Stark turns away, reaching to grab a slice of pizza. This is my chance. 

 

In a sudden flurry of motion I vault over the granite countertop, grabbing Mr. Stark's steaming black coffee and dashing into the lounge
.

 

“Hey! Peter!” comes Mr. Stark's outraged voice, I laugh, taking a long chug of his drink.

 

It’s hot coffee.

 

Like 
really
 hot.

 

I gasp, spluttering coffee over the carpet. “Ow! I burnt my tongue,” I mumble 
thickly
, sticking the offending organ out.

 

“Serves you right,” comes a cool voice from the door.

 

“Mrrr Stttaaarrrkkk,” I gripe.

 

“Fine. Come in, and drink some ice-water.” he relents.

 

I wander back into the kitchen, where the Avengers seem to be in a deep debate.

 

“Seriously, did Tony just pick him up, or just find out about him...?” Steve wonders.

 

Clint: “He did have a few wild years,”

 

Sam: "How long ago was that? How old is the kid anyway?”

 

Steve: “16.”

 

Natasha, with a thoughtful look back and a click of her tongue: “Eh, possible.”

 

Bucky, throwing a look at Steve: “He already said it’s not his kid."

 

Natasha, snorting: “sure he isn’t. Have you seen the way they look at each other?”

 

Clint: “Definitely some father/son bonding there.”

 

"Jesus! Again!” Tony interrupts, throwing up his hands.

 

‘You can’t 
just
 spring this shit on us!” Sam protests.

 

“Sure I can. He's. Not. My. Biological. Child. Can you get that though your heads?” he spells out.

 

Ms. Romanoff looks down into her coffee and whispers, 

“biological.”


 

Tony ignores the comment, filling up a glass of water and dropping a few ice cubes in. They clink against the sides of the glass 
intermittently
.

 

“Thanks, Mr. Stark.” I take the glass.

 

After some more whispered arguing, Bucky bites the bullet. “Who is this kid?” he  crosses his arms, one of them shiny and silver. Okay, I need to ask about that.

 

Mr. Stark takes a deep breath, “Guys, meet Spiderman.” he says 
heavily
, I wave a little, sipping Mr. Stark’s coffee. Then wincing, yeah, not the best thing to do with a burnt tongue.

 

“He’s Spiderman?” Steve (aka CAPTAIN, FREAKING, AMERICA) says 
incredulously
.

 

Tony nods, “that's what I said.”

 

Sam squawks, “He’s 
just
 a kid!”

 

“Hey!” I inject.

 

Tony spares a glance at me, “I know, I know—” 

 

Steve cuts Tony off. “You brought him to a war-zone! We could have killed him!”

 

“Tony, he’s not even 
legally
 an adult!” Clint mouths.

 

Natasha and Bucky stay in stony silence.

 

“What on earth were you thinking!” Steve yells. That's the final string.

 

“I WASN’T!” Tony roars, he took a few, short, deep pant-like breaths. “I wasn’t thinking,” he continues, 
slightly
 quieter, calmer now. 
“I wasn’t thinking, I know he’s a kid, and 
probably
 got too much on his plate anyway, and it 
really
 isn't fair and he shouldn't even have powers and the fact I 
took advantage of
 him to fight our war is despicable—” The rest of his voice blurs out before it gets to my ears
.

 

That’s it, I can’t handle it anymore. Spiderman was my choice. Sure, 
may
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rodgers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Peter Parker & T'Challa
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Thor
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Peter Parker Joins the Avengers
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Protective Clint Barton
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Kid Peter Parker
POV Peter Parker
Starstruck Peter Parker
Pure Crack
Fanboy Peter Parker
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Flash is a dick
Bully Flash
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Dad!Tony
Irondad
spideyson
irondad and spidey son
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
loki and peter parker friendship
loki is a little shit
prankster loki
Annoyed Nick Fury
Nick Fury is Not Amused
nick fury is done with the avengers shit
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie - Freeform
Drinking
Iron Dad
tony stark is the DEFINITION of helicopter parenting
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
pepper makes cookies
clint wants the cookies
BAMF Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rodgers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Peter Parker & T'Challa
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Thor
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker

