Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was by no means a father, or a father figure. At least he had never seen himself to be. Because in the genius’ mind he just wasn’t the paternal type, he didn’t care enough, he wasn’t kind enough, and he wasn’t a good person. He had certainly never imagined that someone else, and a child at that, would make their way into his inner circle – and he was content with just having Pepper, Rhodey and Happy.
That was before he met Peter Parker of course. Peter had single handedly done what no other had and taken down Tony’s walls at incredible speeds and found his place in Tony’s heart and life. The kid was like a parasite the way he’d wormed his way into Tony’s heart. Except that was possibly the worst way to describe Peter. He was far too cute to be a parasite. Far too kind and pure to be a parasite, because it was almost painfully obvious just from how he looked at Tony he wasn’t trying to use or live off him. Maybe that was the reason, the way the kid looked at him with his big brown eyes and naivety making Tony feel more like a hero than he had in a long time.
(He knew of course that this wasn’t the reason, the kid was just too. Damn. Perfect.)
Peter Parker had never expected to meet Tony Stark. Iron Man. And then he had. Peter had never expected Iron Man to recruit him to fight Captain America, or at all. And then he had. Peter had hoped, but never expected, Tony Stark to need him again. And then he had. Peter had never expected Tony Stark to seek out his company. And then he had, even if it took a Vulture incident to get there. He never expected to grow close to his hero. But he had. He never expected his mentor to be his father figure. But he was. And oh god it was freaking Peter out.
He was so, so scared that if he slipped up and revealed how he felt Tony would try and distance himself. Peter didn’t think he could deal with losing Tony. Not when he was so happy. He knew disaster tended to strike when he was happy but he couldn’t help himself. May was good. She was safe. At school he had Ned and MJ, which was more friends than he could ever remember having. Sometimes it even felt like he had the whole Decathlon team (minus Flash) as friends. And he had his second family in Tony, Pepper, Rhodey, Vision and Happy who were all so nice and protective, even Happy – he was convinced.  
There was only one way to keep this happiness and that was to not slip up. Should be easy enough. He managed to keep Spider-Man secret after all.
---
In retrospect, this was probably because he had been in such a good mood. This was a prime example of Parker Luck. He was on top of the world one minute and the next he was having his head smashed into a brick wall. By a flying robot.
This was just how he had wanted to spend his Thursday afternoon. Really.
He groaned.
He aimed his wrist at the building across the road and shot a web. Just quicker than the weird clawed robot thing could bring his arm down, Peter jolted into the air and swung away. Swinging on his webs was generally a relief. An enjoyable one. He’d forgotten how much it hurt when your head was pounding. He landed roughly on the building but his conveniently sticky feet managed to attach themselves to the wall. He decided to wait there, hoping his need to puke would pass.
“You are experiencing extreme dizziness and nausea, Peter. Should I alert Mr. Stark?” Karen’s voice interrupted his rest.
“What? No. No. No, don’t call Mr. Stark. It’s only a robot. I can fight robots…”
A scream. Peter looked up, eyes narrowing, and followed the sound. The robot was heading towards a young child and his parents were watching worriedly from the sideline. If it was in his nature Peter would be annoyed that the people he had evacuated had stayed so close to the scene. Instead, he shot a web.
He managed to get the robot right in the middle of its rounded back and he began to pull it away from the child and towards himself. The robot made sounds of indignation as Peter tugged it towards him. He brought his hand down with as much strength as he could and smashed the robot into the ground. He repeated this a few more times and he let the robot stay on the ground, quickly covering it in webbing so it would stay put. He shot one long web towards it, hitting just between its eyes.
“Activate Taser Webs.”
Electricity surged through the webbing and the robot on the receiving end began to shake. Peter and onlookers watched as the robots lit up eyes began to blink out. It wasn’t long before the robot was on the ground.
“Sorry, Metal guy, but you picked the wrong day to attack the city.”
Peter quickly shot some webs over the circular body of the robot for extra precaution. He smiled, he almost felt a bit smug – this showed the robot not to mess with him just because he was finally happy. And then he was screaming as he flew through the air and smashed into the ground shoulder first. His hand flew to his shoulder and he let out a small cry of pain.
“Your shou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
5+1 Things
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

