Chapter 1: That Time We Went Networking
    


Notes:

  


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Life takes very interesting turns sometimes.One moment, I was fresh out of college. I was attending overpriced networking events in uncomfortable corporate attire to snag an entry level job for which I was overqualified in a half-decent PR agency that would pay peanuts for salary. The next, I was in the Avengers Tower penthouse, sipping a Sidecar, dressed in my fanciest cocktail dress, hobnobbing with none other than the genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist Tony Stark.My shoulder still tingled from when Thor had accidentally brushed against me. I hadn’t even recognised him in his burgundy shirt and dark brown pants until he bent down to make himself audible.“Forgive me, my lady. It was not my intention to graze you so impudently.”I had managed to smile and stutter out a, “N-no no worries!” before rushing in the opposite direction.Presently, Stark was wrapping up a conversation with Mr. Patel, an NBC head honcho and my ticket to this uber-cool soiree, before turning his attention to me.“So, what’s your story, kid? You escorting this guy around to pay for grad school?” He grinned.“Beg your pardon?” I spluttered. Mr. Patel, presumably used to Stark’s sense of humour, merely coughed beside me.“I’m just kidding, kid. You look too refined for Patel here anyway.” He teased. “What’s your name?”I told him my name, a tad coolly. This was not how I had expected a conversation with the famous Tony Stark to go. Not that I had expected any conversation with him, mind.“And what do you do?”I told him I had studied PR and where I had studied.“How’d you end up as a plus-one to Patel here?”“She’s best friends with my niece, actually.” Mr. Patel answered for me. “She persuaded her father to introduce my niece to a friend of his, a professor whom she wanted to shadow. As thanks, I have taken this young lady under my wing to help her settle in New York and swing a job at a PR agency. My original plus-one, someone from my team, could not make it to your party, so I asked our friend here if she’d like to come.”I nodded in confirmation.Stark turned back to me. He had an oddly appraising look on his face. “So, you’re still looking for a job?"“Unfortunately.”“And you’re obviously comfortable with celebrities.” His tone was casual, but there was clearly something the man was driving towards.“I guess?” I half-asked, half-said.“No, that wasn’t a question. It was a fact. You are. I’ve been watching you. You seem at ease. Well, at least you haven’t whipped out a pink diary and fluffy pen and asked Capsicle to give you an autograph or asked Thor if you could braid his hair.”I let out a snort. “Well, I am awed. But, no, I wouldn’t go to such extremes.”“And you can hold your drink.”Now, that I wasn’t so sure about. This was my second cocktail. And, even though I’d only been taking little sips, I could already feel it going to my head. On top of that, Stark’s random questioning was making me only more nervous, which prompted me to drink more. That, in turn, made my head fuzzier and increased my nervousness and so on.“Is he bothering you?” A new voice asked.I flicked my eyes to the left as a strawberry-blonde woman draped herself over Stark’s arm. Virginia Potts, CEO of Stark Industries and possibly the only person who could rule Stark with an iron fist, if you pardoned the pun.“Pepper!” Mr. Patel declared. “Long time no see!”“Ramesh!” Pepper trilled, stepping forward to hug Mr. Patel. “Oh, what has it been, three days?” She asked with a twinkle in her eyes. “I cannot thank you enough for that marvelous feature story you did on me and the company!”“On the contrary, I cannot thank you enough for agreeing to this interview! It has become one of the top most watched segment of our entire network and has already gathered upwards of 50 million views.”I watched with interest as the CEO, who was the epitome of calm and confidence in public, waved around her hands in embarrassment.“Oh, come on, Pepper, take credit where it is due.”“Oh, don’t worry, I will. Especially since Tony hardly gives me any.” She remarked drily.“I know, I know, I’m sorry. 12% credit does not do you justice.” Stark said with the air of a man who had repeated this statement countless times already. “What do I need to do to get you to forgive me, damn it?”“Come to a press conference. Give an interview. Take some of the press around on a tour of the Tower so that they stop fearing that the Avengers are making plans for world domination.” Pepper replied, also speaking with the air of a woman who had been repeating the same line since time immemorial. It must be their relationship trope.“Do PR, yeah, yeah. Ooh! Speaking of!” Stark swung around, clapped his hands and pointed them at me. Pepper turned around to properly look at me.“Hi!” Pepper said, brightly. “I’m Pepper!”“I know!” I said, then remembered I had to introduce myself as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tony Stark & Reader
Natasha Romanov & Reader
Clint Barton & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Thor (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
Fluff
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Humor
Slow Burn
Creepy Loki (Marvel)
Mutual Pining
Canon Divergence - Thor: The Dark World
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
loki is a little shit
Tony gives nicknames to everyone
Loki Can Be Sweet
Irondad
Awesome Clint Barton
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Enemies to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
You Have Been Warned
This is a very slow burn that is slower than slow
Idiots in Love
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Vaginal Sex
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Light BDSM
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Come Eating
Face Slapping
Spanking
Wall Sex
Sex on Furniture
Dry Humping

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tony Stark & Reader
Natasha Romanov & Reader
Clint Barton & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Thor (Marvel) & Reader

