Chapter 1: The Femme Fatale Pair (Peter/Black Widow/Silver Sable)
    




Chapter Text



Hearts for the Webslinger

Written for Lelouch22
 
Chapter One- The Femme Fatale Pair-Silver Sable and Black Widow
 ********Recently Doctor Otto Octavius declared he could fix the Ozone layer and proved it to a near flayed population of New York by removing it temporarily exposing them to the intense heat before turning it back on. Holding the world at ransom and arranging his Sinister Six to launch satellites into orbit and maintain his hold on the world. Spidey sure as hell didn’t trust Ock to be thinking with the good of mankind like he claimed, he knows he’s up to no good.Now on a Quinjet armed in a special suit designed to take down the Sinister Six he is teamed up with Black Widow and Silver Sable, two very deadly female spies capable of helping him take him down once and for all. Thoughts of MJ back in New York, a woman who has been on and off with their relationship in the past, were getting further and further from his mind. Feelings that had been there a long time ago were fading and suddenly Peter felt a certain urge or two being up close with Natasha and Sable.‘Well they are both sexy deadly spies, I think any male superhero would count themselves lucky being alone with them. But enough about that porno fantasies, I’ve got to prepare for the upcoming battle  with Ock and whatever goons he’s got left.’ Parker said to himself as he worked on wielding pieces of his armor suit to modify it for the upcoming body. His helmet was off and his face was obscured by a mask showing his eyes and mouth.Sable was nearby on the lab table across from him watching with a very focused set of eyes on the web slingers body. She smiled coyly and leaned forward with eyes roaming his features, she wanted him.Sable watched as Parker worked to complete his next piece of equipment to attach to his suit in the coming battle of the Octopus’s base. They were still an hour from reaching out even though they were in a quinjet, the silver haired mercenary of Symkaria watched him as he worked and bit her lower lip while eying his body. Spider-man, nay Peter Parker, was a man of extraordinary talent, bravery, and honor. In her eyes he was one of the few morally decent people left in the world with power, and he’s doing good no matter the cost to himself.The seasoned veteran merc saw much promise in him and perhaps found herself attracted to the man behind the spider. She gnashed her thighs together tightly while admiring his body and wondered if she could seduce him and claim his heart. She long since held an affection for Spider-man and knew his identity for the longest time yet withheld it from anyone else. She wanted him and knew he was honorable enough and a prime specimen of physical capability to really satisfy her. She just hoped he wasn’t holding a candle for someone else.“Spider….have you thought about  what would happen should the worst come to pass?” Sable asked with an alluring tone in her voice.Peter looked up at her after attaching the small tracking device to his right wrist armor piece, his helmet was off leaving his pseudo exposed face wearing a three-holed mask. His brown eyes looked at her and saw her acting very sexual and alluring.“I try not to think of that, I’m only thinking of succeeding. I can’t possibly fail,the entire world is depending on us. Otherwise we’re all dead.” Peter answered grimly and Sable smiled before getting up off the panel and walking over to him with sashaying hips. ‘Focus, Parker. You’re about to go up against Octavius and whoever’s left of the six to defend him at his base. Can’t let sexy full figured distractions clad in silver occupy your attention.’Peter struggled to think rationally till Sable was a breath away from him resting her hands on his shoulders and curling herself up close as though she were seducing him. A sultry smile adorned her face and silver hair beautifully strewn across a side of her face making her look even sexier and vexing. Parker felt his erection stir from underneath the armor codpiece making the piece of clothing feel very uncomfortable.Natasha, who was currently flying the Quinjet looked back and noticed Sable being very personal with Spider-man. With green eyes wide and her attention focused on them she began to wonder what it is about him that attracted a supposedly jaded mercenary like Sable.‘Curious, Parker is a hero to respect, that’s for sure, but since when has she ever looked at anyone that way before? Hmm.’ Widow thought to herself before setting the ship to autopilot and taking a spot behind a wall to observed Sable curling her left leg up around his side and Parker wasn’t stopping her.‘Is he...giving in to her? This should be amusing to watch. I wonder….’ Widow thought to herself feeling a bit aroused herself watching the slow burn seduction of Spider-man and Silver Sable.“Tell me, Spider, is there anyone back home waiting for you?” She purred bringing up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-man/Multiple women
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew/Jean Grey/Wanda Maximoff/Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Cindy Moon/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Silver Sablinova

freeform: 
Romance
Smut
Harem
Multiple Partners
Creampie
Breeding
Pregnancy
Impregnation

fandom: 
Spider-man/Multiple women
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew/Jean Grey/Wanda Maximoff/Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Cindy Moon/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Silver Sablinova

