Chapter 1: And so it begins
    




Chapter Text
      Amora had the worse timing. Loki didn’t know what her plan was, or why she decided to attempt it now, but it didn’t end well. At first, he hadn’t noticed her as he was too busy battling his brother. But the moment he was tossed into her and heard the breaking of glass, he couldn’t help but notice. She was holding a broken fragrance bottle above him. The base crushed by his scepter and the contents currently all over him.      “You ruined everything!” She screeched but he could hardly see why this was his fault. She was the one that thought it wise to approach them when they were obviously engaged in a private battle. Of course, it wasn’t that private when conducted in the middle of the street in a highly populated city, but he issued her no invitation. She came on her own. What did he have to do with any of that? What did this godawful perfume that assaulted his nose have to do with any plan she had? Whatever plan she was concocting in that strange mind of hers obviously couldn’t come to fruition without it.     “You’re only supposed to use a little!” Well, Loki could certainly see that. The smell was obviously rather potent. He could only pray that his nose would grow accustom to it soon, so he wouldn’t have to be conscious of it. Amora huffed and made some strange inhuman noises in her anger. “I guess you’ll have to suffer the consequences.”     With that, she left. Loki was confused. What consequences? Was the perfume supposed to transform him in some way? He didn’t feel any different. He looked to his brother and saw him merely staring at him with the same foolish affection he always had. Nothing out of the ordinary here.     “Alright, Reindeer Games, show's over.” Great, his plans must have been thwarted again. It wasn’t really a problem. He did them more for show and out of boredom these days. However, he was a bit disappointed it hadn’t lasted longer this time.     Turning to look at the metal man, he had a witty remark at the tip of his tongue. Well, he did untill he saw the man's face. Tony Stark, had opened his mask and was staring at him in a very odd manner. Loki’s eyes widened. Did he look strange? What did that concoction do? Fingers looked the same. Hair felt the same. Didn't feel like he had grown anything on his head or face. After a brief panic, Loki looked back into the man’s eyes. There was no trace of fear or confusion there. That meant whatever had happened to him wasn't unpleasant to view. This thought led him to realize what emotion those eyes held: Desire. Loki gulped.    He soon found the other avengers surrounding him. At first, they seemed ready to dish out what ever justice they thought deemed fit, but one by one each male stopped in their tracks. Male because Romanov seemed like the only one unaffected. They were all looking at him with a sort of odd affection. It was as if they were all seeing him for the first time. Suddenly, it dawn on him what all this meant. Was the perfume a love potion? Was that what he was currently drenched in? It seemed only to affect the male population though. Desperately, Loki turned to Thor who looked the same as always. Perhaps it didn’t affect Asgardians. Amora shouldn’t be so angry with him then. Her plan was doomed to fail regardless.     “I’m sure we can come to some sort of agreement.” Loki felt himself backing up as they all came closer. This was unsettling. He didn’t know how powerful the potion was and what it made the ones affected want to do to him. If Tony’s desire was any indication of what could happen, he wasn’t willing to satiate their lusts.     “Puny god!” The green beast wasted no time to close the distance and pull him into an affectionate hug.     “Let him go, Hulk.” The captain spoke with a strangely angry tone. Was that a hint of jealousy? Loki would have teased him if he had any breath left in his lungs. “He’s still a criminal.”     “A sexy criminal.” Tony supplied not even hiding the lust on his face. Loki shivered.     “Tony!” It seemed the potion affected each one of them differently. The Captain was trying his best to resist, but it seemed to be a losing battle with how red his face was becoming.     “What’s going on here?” Romanov eyed every one of them suspiciously. She would be a problem if Loki was to use this to his advantage.     “Friends, the day is won, and we have stopped my brother once more.” His brother seemed as confused as Romanov. He would also need to be dealt with.     “Yes, so we should lock him up.” Barton suggested. So, it didn’t affect him either? Loki peered over at the archer and watched as the man looked down sheepishly. No, it did. He was sure of it.     It was time for some emotional manipulation.     “Really, lock me up, Barton?” Loki did his best pout and fluttered his eyelashes. He should be ashamed of doing such a childish type of flirtation but the look on the archer’s face was all worth it.     “But you’ve done so much wrong.” He trie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki
Loki/Avengers Team
Loki & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
loki is a little shit
love potion
Thorki end game
Humor
Loki is starved for love
Tony Being Tony
Jealousy
Sweet Bruce
Enemies to Friends
Pseudo-Incest
Sibling Incest
Amora accidentally helping
Shy Steve Rogers
tease!Loki
Jealous!Thor
Thirsty tony
oblivious!Loki when it comes to Thor
Tony Has Feelings
Clint has his family
Deaf Clint Barton
Sneaky Frigga (Marvel)
Possessive Thor
Odin not knowing wtf is going on
Heimdall enjoying the situation more than he should
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Thor: The Dark World
Loki got away before he could be brought to Asgard
Bifrost up and running tho
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
mixed in a bit of the comics as well
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Loki has feelings
serious moments
Catfights
the graphic depiction is for one scene
Insecure Thor
Loki is an unreliable narrator
Tony might break your heart
hell so may Steve
and Fandral
Natasha is the hero we all need

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki
Loki/Avengers Team
Loki & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Loki & Tony Stark

