Chapter 1: The Pegasus Wants a Donut
    




Chapter Text
This week had been a long one for Fury and it wasn’t showing any signs of stopping. Even the week after the incident in Budapest hadn’t been this tiring. Just within the span of a few days, the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. was dealing with unmovable hammers falling into deserts, General Ross pestering him about the manhunt for scientist-turned-fugitive Bruce Banner, and dealing with Tony Stark who was just being… Tony.
 
And then he got the call about the horse.
 
“You’re telling me that you saw a horse flying around the base?”
 
“Yessir,” the agent said on the other side of the phone. “At first we thought it was some type of missile, but it moved too fast. Once I figured out what it was, I ordered for it to be tranquilized and brought to the labs.”
 
Fury pushed aside the paperwork he had been working on and picked up a file that he had been the topic of many debates with the World Council Recently. Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. He knew a flying horse was called a Pegasus from Greek mythology. Was this some kind of sign for them to go ahead with the project? A warning to stop?
 
“Give me the lab number.”
 
Fury knew that whatever this was, it was just the beginning.
 
\~*~/
 
Percy silently cursed Blackjack down to Tartarus and back. He’d had a demigod dream of the pegasus getting captured, prompting the demigod to go and rescue him in the middle of finals week. Not that he wasn’t glad for the excuse to get away from the mind-numbing hours of sitting around and studying, testing, and eating too many snacks and not enough meals, but this wasn’t the break he was looking for.
 
He was outside a huge, government-looking facility. The building was big, with a guard monitoring the gate that allowed people in and out. It had been hard to find. The place was in the middle of nowhere, with only a single road leading up to it. Surrounded by a forest and hills on all sides, the only way in or out undetected was through the sky.

 


Schist.

 
He wished desperately that Annabeth was with him to help him come up with a clever plan to get in, but she was too busy taking tests this week for her to accompany him. And now Percy was glad that she didn’t come. On the high chance that something went wrong, she wouldn’t get dragged down too.
 
Percy fiddled with the pen in his pocket. Several ideas were racing through his head. He could always crawl through the vents, spy style. Or come up with some kind of lie that would get him into the building.
 
The son of Poseidon wished he could shadow-travel like Nico, or that he could have Mrs. O’Leary jump him in there, but Percy figured that having a hellhound larger than a tank appearing out of nowhere might cause some trouble, even if the mist made her look like—
 
A new idea hit Percy like one of Tyson’s hugs.
 
There were several things that were missing, like what he would do once he got in, if he got in, but it was the best plan he had and would manage to come up with. Now all he needed was a car.
 
\~*~/
 
Fury thought he had seen everything. He should've known better, working in this line of work, that even when you thought you've seen everything, there was something new lurking around the corner.
 
Including a horse with wings.
 
The pegasus seemed relatively unharmed. One of its wings was folded over its stomach, which rose and fell steadily. The other was spread out behind it, showing its massive wingspan.
 
Fury stood behind a glass panel staring at the sedated equestrian while scientists ran around, prepping blood tests and taking DNA samples. He motioned over the head scientist.
 
"Give me a full report."
 
"Well we, uh, we, um..." She fumbled over her words.
 
"Get to it."
 
"We don't know. All tests so far have been inconclusive. No one knows what it is. It isn't a horse or bird—the DNA doesn't match. It's its own breed."
 
"It's a pegasus." Fury told her.
 
"Well, yes. But pegasus' are from Greek mythology." She started explaining. "They're the children of Poseidon. Or at least that's what legend says. But pegasus don't exist, so it has to be the result of an experimentation, but nothing is adding up." 
 
Fury watched the pegasus. "So you mean that no one can tell me anything about it?"
 
She nodded. "But we're working hard on it." She amended. "We'll have results by the end of the day."
 
"I want them in an hour."
 
He gave one last look to the pegasus before leaving the lab, not seeing the stressed face of the scientist.
 
\~*~/
 
If anyone were to ask Percy, the official story was that he got in, got Blackjack, and got out without a hitch.
 
He wished it had happened like that.
 
Things started off smooth. He'd gotten the car and driven his way up to the road, wondering the entire time if his idea would work or he’d get hauled away. There was only one way to find out.
 
He approached the gate, rolling his window down. Percy tried to look confident. The guard eyed him warily. “How can I help you?”
 
Percy had never r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Paul Blofis/Sally Jackson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Percy is a Dork
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
percy wants a break
Canon Timeline
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Deaf Clint Barton
Anxiety
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Feels
The Huntress (Percy Jackson)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
I think I need a hug

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Paul Blofis/Sally Jackson

