Work Text:
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Peter grumbled as he sank into the sofa, arms crossed tightly over his chest.
“SHIELD says otherwise,” Pepper replied, her voice light. Her overnight bag was sitting on the kitchen table, her handbag by its side, and she left them to stand behind the sofa and run her hands through Peter’s hair. He kept his glare, steadfast. “Peter,” she said, smiling. “It’ll only be for the weekend.”
“I’m seventeen,” Peter shot back. “I can look after myself.”
“I don’t doubt that,” Pepper replied. “But you’re not allowed to look after yourself.”
“You know, once,” Peter said, as if she hadn’t spoken, “I got shot in the alps and I dug the bullet out all by myself and got myself back to base and I completed my mission to assassinate the ambassador from Sweden.”
Pepper paused, behind him. She then planted a kiss on the top of his head. “That is horrifying. Never tell me about that again. Besides,” she continued, her voice forcibly casual. “You love Bucky. You’ll get to hang out with him all weekend. Think of it as staying with a friend, not being babysat. Did you pack your phone charger?”
Peter nodded and finally tilted his head to look up at her. “It’s only two days,” he said, quiet, his last hope. “Do I have to?”
“Sorry, baby,” Pepper replied. “You’re not allowed to be left alone until your parole is up. It’s either Bucky or you spend the weekend following Fury around.”
Peter, secretly, found the idea hilarious. Fury and he didn’t see eye to eye, and Peter still hadn’t warmed up to him, since he’d spent ten years cursing his very name. He had a feeling that following Fury around would very quickly end up with him sitting in a lab, bored out of his mind and in the hands of whatever agent was unlucky enough to be in the corridor when Fury reached the end of his rope.
Peter preferred to spend the weekend with Bucky in Stark Tower.
Tony arrived then, a small duffle bag in one hand that he dumped next to Pepper’s on the table. Peter’s was sitting by the door, sulking just like him.
“You ready to go, kid?”
Peter huffed. “Ready as I’ll ever be.”
Tony and Pepper were headed out to Japan for a conference they couldn’t avoid. The two of them had been putting off a lot of important SI work to look after Peter and be around, but it had finally caught up to them. There was a meeting with all the boards of Stark Industries, from all their various offices around the globe, and the owner and CEO needed to be there.
Peter had asked if he could come along, but that would mean facing a problem none of them had figured out a solution to just yet: acknowledging his existence to the world. Peter Parker (or Stark, as he used to be) was back with his parents and only the Avengers knew.
They piled into one of Tony’s Audis, Happy Hogan sitting in the front as Tony drove. Pepper answered emails on her phone and Peter stared out the window as Stark Tower drew closer. It had been repaired in the weeks since his field trip – the window Iron Man had broken through, the blood that Peter had spilled across the SI exhibition, the destroyed furniture and dented walls that the other Avengers had caused during their fight.
It was the 27th of December and school would be back in session in the next week. Peter didn’t want to know if the rumours of what he did were still swirling – Ned and Michelle had bets that they were. Flash had texted three times since winter break started about hanging out, but Peter was barely allowed out of his own house, let alone to go and meet with someone he didn’t really like. (Peter had been allowed to visit Ned’s on two occasions, as long as Peter sent hourly texts to Tony to confirm he was still alive, and two SHIELD agents loitered across the street.)
When they parked in the underground garage of the tower, Tony turned to look at Peter with a smile. “We’ll be back on the 29th,” he promised. “Just be good for Bucky until then, okay?”
Peter rolled his eyes. Occasionally, Tony would say things that felt less like Tony Stark and more like Tony, Peter’s father. He still nodded, however, sent a smile back to Tony to appease him, and let Pepper wrap him in a quick hug. She pressed her lips against his temple for a split second.
“We’ll text you when we land,” she said. “Do you want us to pick anything up from Japan for you?”
Peter cracked a smile. “I heard Japan is really into woodlice,” he said. He’d read about it online. “Could you bring me back one of the plushies?”
Pepper blinked at him, not even masking her disgust. “I will, only because you asked, but I’m not happy about that at all.”
Peter grinned and opened the car door, deciding to climb out before anyone questioned his request. “Thanks, bye, love you!” he called, shutting the door behind him and swinging his bag over his shoulder.
Peter forced himself not to freeze up and keep moving. Love you, love you, love you. Had he ever said that to them? He must’ve, when he was little, but Peter had no recollection of it. His parents had told him it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Hydra
Babysitting
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Teen rating for language
Peter says Fuck

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

