Work Text:
"Just before I let you all go, take one of the letters from the front. Last year we went to Oscorps. This year we are going to Stark Industries." Mr Harrington told his class. "Please get your guardians to sign the permission slip. Bring it back on Monday."Peter groaned, already dreading this trip. Why did it have to be Stark Industries of all places? There was no way he was going. It had been over a year since he had gotten bitten, on a field trip. And while he knew nothing would happen at the tower, he just didn't want to chance it at all.It had been just under a year since the incident in Germany. And now the Rouge Avengers had been pardoned, the accords have been amended to suit everyone whilst having a bit of freedom. That also meant that they were either at the tower or the compound. More often than not, it was the compound and sometimes they came up during the week.After everything with May, he'd moved in with Tony and Pepper. He had three rooms, depending on where they were staying."I got one for you Pete." Ned waved the letter in front of his face. "I'm not going by myself. And it would be so much fun with you. You can actually show them you aren't lying now.""Penis Parker not lying? Ha, right. Are you going to get Tony Stark, your buddy, to show up?" Flash laughed from behind them. "Oh yeah, you can't, because you are lying about the internship at Stark Industries. Everyone knows you don't have it. Why would they choose you when they could have me?" He laughed again, before pushing passed them and grinning."Don't listen to him Peter. You'll show them." Ned said, as they made their way out of the front doors.
___When he got back to the tower, he said hi to Emma, the woman at reception, before making his way to the elevator. "Hello FRIDAY.""Hello Mr Parker." The irish voice said. "How are you today?""I'm fine. Who is home?" He asked."Everyone, Mr. Parker. Would you like me to inform them that you are home?" "No, thank you FRIDAY. Just take me up to my room." Peter said. At least that way, he could put off asking them to sign the form, because they'll know he's lying about something. Or, he supposed, he could ask Pepper to sign it and not tell anyone. "Is Pepper there? Tell her to meet me upstairs whenever she’s free please.""I will tell Ms. Potts." FRIDAY told him.The doors opened to the top floor. It was his, Pepper's and Tony's floor. It was a penthouse, practically. It had their own lounge and kitchen so they didn't have to go down to the common area if they didn't want to.Going to his room, he put his backpack by his desk. Pulling out his homework, he set it on his desk to come back to do it when he finished talking to Pepper. Leaving his room, he found the ginger haired woman making something in the kitchen. "Hey, FRIDAY said you wanted to talk. Is everything alright, Peter?" She asked him, giving him a small smile as he handed him a plate of sandwiches."Yeah, everything is okay. I suppose. Thing is, there is this field trip. And it's here at Stark Industries. Last year we went to Oscorps and you know how well that turned out. It's like in two weeks time and I need you to sign the consent form. And seeing as you run the company, I was hoping that you can keep this quiet from everyone else." Peter said before taking a deep breath.That just made Pepper laugh. "Oh honey, of course I'll sign it for you. And I'll do my best to keep this quiet from the rest of them. I make no promises. We live with a genius after all." She said, kissing his head affectionately."I just don't want them to know and embarrass me in front of everyone. You know how they are. And I kinda don't trust any of them to behave. I didn't want to go at first, but then Ned made me promise and on my way back I realised that if I didn't go, everyone will definitely think I'm lying about having an internship here. I don't really need more of that. Flash is enough as it is." Peter said a mile a minute, a smile on his face. Taking a bite of the sandwich. "This is good, thank you."“I understand that Pete. I’ll sign it for you.” She repeated herself again, giving him a smile. Taking the piece of paper, she read it over, nodding to herself and signing it. “I remember this coming across my desk. Tony doesn’t like paperwork, so I don’t think he’ll find out from my end.”_______It was just the Avengers in the Penthouse, Pepper having gone for an out of town meeting for the next three days. That meant he would be able to get away with what he was planning. No one was there to ruin his fun.“Guys, guess what I just found out!” He waggled his eyebrows at the gang assembled in front of him in one of the rare weekdays they were all around.There were the original Avengers there, with all the additions. Like Wanda, Vision, Sam, Bucky, Loki and even Scott was there today.“What did you find out Man of Iron?” Thor asked his friend.“Peter’s school is coming on Friday for a school trip. Who wants to have a bit of fun?” Tony asked his team.“I want 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Iron Dad
spider son
Avengers Tower
Stark Tower

fandom: 
None
