Work Text:
The first time it happens, no one knows what to do. The newly reassembled team had been staying in the old Avengers tower for a few days. The decision to leave Wakanda was a difficult one, but then again there was no decision at all. The country was in intense mourning, just like the rest of the world. Princess Shuri was preparing to take her oath as Queen in light of recent events. The people were clearly hesitant to have the group of defeated heroes hanging around during this sacred time. The group, once they had all found their way back to Wakanda, had been more than willing to leave. There was no plan for how to return the world back to its original state. There was no plan at all. And after the stress of Tony and Steve seeing eachother again, no one wanted to test the tentative truce they had landed on. Steve didn’t understand why Tony was so willing to ‘forgive and forget’. But Tony didn’t understand how Steve thought he could just ‘forgive and forget’ at all. They were in no position to be fighting. The world was in shambles, he had nothing, so why not give Steve the illusion that he didn’t care about the Civil War at all? There was no point in doing otherwise. The surviving team had woken up one morning and looked outside the palace only to see an awaiting jet with Tony himself leaning against its exterior.
“You coming?” He asked them when they approached. And that was that. So, the first time the anthropomorphic raccoon starts going on a rampage in the living room and the alien- Mantis- woman tries to lay a comforting hand on his shoulder, no one expects her to go into a fit of fury, too. It was the first time the team had tried to strategize a plan to resurrect 50% of the universe, and their options were looking bleak. Rocket had jumped upwards and began shooting the couches with his high tech blaster. “WE’RE SPENDING ALL THIS TIME THINKING OF SOME BULLSHIT ‘PLAN’ INSTEAD OF HUNTING THAT TESTICLE CHINNED MENACE DOWN AND RIPPING OFF HIS-”, then Mantis touched his fur covered shoulder, and he went silent. “ALL OF MY FRIENDS ARE GONE! THE ONLY TEAM I HAD EVER KNOWN! THERE’S NOTHING I CAN DO. I JUST WANT TO DESTROY EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING. ALL OF THIS IS USELESS. I WON’T STOP UNTIL HE’S DEAD!” She screeched, kicking over a coffee table and throwing a vase at a window as well.Rhodey, Bruce, Natasha, Steve, and Tony stood there watching the scene unfold. Thor was the only one who made a move. Confidently, he turned towards the still steaming racoon as Mantis calmed down. “Rabbit, you’re friend has shown us your anger. But do not fret, we understand. All of us want revenge on Thanos, and revenge we will get.” “Yeah, whatever,” he muttered, eyes downcast.“What,” Rhodey cleared his throat, “what happened to Mantis?” The man had easily accepted the Guardians when they first met, but truth be told none of them had taken the time to actually talk to them beyond an introduction. “That is one of her abilities. She feels as others do, at the touch of a hand.” Thor explained. He gestured at her with his lightning charged ax, an expression of something akin to pride on his face. Thor had been taking all of the recent chaos in stride, which the others still didn’t understand. “I didn’t know you could do all that…” Tony started. His eyes appraised her for a moment. “When we were on Titan she sedated Thanos with her voodoo while we all attacked him. I thought you could just make people nod off. But you did tell Quill about,” the engineer stopped, glancing at the small creature standing in the room,” about what that grape was thinking about.”Mantis was now as composed as she was before her outburst. “My species are more known for our empathetic replication. There is no way to control it.”After that, all of the group silently agreed never to let Mantis touch them.That didn’t last long, though. Within the next few days she had shared in a fit of laughter with Thor, sniffled and wiped her eyes because Steve was thinking of those who were dusted, and an extremely eery blank face when she brushed against Natasha (which the others got chills from, thank you very much. Even Steve himself, who had always thought she just cleverly hid her emotions. Did she really not feel at all?)It got to the point where she had started hanging around Bruce constantly. The man was strangely calm in a way that he had never been before. He and Thor laughed the most, joked around the most, and had the most optimism overall.Mantis had been influenced by all of them, except one.Tony was not actively avoiding the alien. He didn’t have the energy or time for all of that. He was working tirelessly to find a way to fix the world. None of the books Doctor Strange left behind made any sense, and Wakanda was on radio silence right now. It was like it was… hopeless. The others avoided him now, all except Thor and Bruce. Even Rhodey gave him a wide bearth, seeming to suddenly be pals with everyone except his best friend.Okay. Okay. That’s fine.The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt No Comfort
Depressed Tony Stark
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Mantis survives
post snap
Not Canon Compliant
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Irondad
spiderson
ThorBruce if you squint?
Ships if you squint
Sad Ending
mantis powers
Emotions
Oblivious Team
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Angst
Suicidal Thoughts
thanos fucked the world over
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark-centric
Mantis is a sweetheart
Rocket Raccoon - Freeform
Peter Parker Dies
Tony Stark Doesn't Like Being Handed Things
Bleeding Edge armour
Angst and Feels
thor is coping
tony is grieving
bruce is coping
natasha is pretty mean
Mantis is doing her best

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

