Work Text:
 Tony tends to pass out.A lot. It’s probably not healthy.But he’s only human, and he’s got literally a million things he needs to do, most of which are time-sensitive and could literally be life-or-death. Tony had always thought that once he handed the reins over to Pepper, who was always much more capable of a CEO than he ever was, he’d have more free time to do what he enjoyed.Like creating. And blowing things up for fun.The former, he can’t currently do thanks to his packed schedule, and the latter of which he can’t really do anymore even if he had the chance if he’s being honest.Both Pepper and Rhodey frown on his need to casually endanger his life which is a real hoot considering that Tony’s constant lack of consciousness isn’t even because he’s out there bringing the future into today, oh no, it’s because he’s out there making sure there’ll even be a future.Fucking aliens.The worst part, funny enough, hadn’t even been the aliens. It had been the meeting when it ended because apparently Rogers had some thoughts on how Tony isn’t a team player and felt the need to expound on all of Tony’s excessive deficiencies as a person while he was bleeding through his suit, and literally on the verge of passing out, but not caring because “I’m Captain America, and I am displeased”.Fucker.Tony snuffles, burrowing deeper into the comfortable warmth that is the couch.God, he hopes it’s the couch.Once, Tony fell asleep on top of the dryer. He didn’t even know he had a dryer in his suite. He really needed to sleep.“I’ll say…”His eyes popped open, and he grimaced at the sun gleaming golden from the floor to ceiling window. God. Had the sun been out this whole time? Oh god, wait. What time was it, he still had a video call with the Panthery-Highness. Shit. Shit.“Whoa, hey, there…” Suddenly he was being gently shushed, a hand brushing through his hair and – oh – oh that feels nice –He burrowed in deeper, tightening his hold around the pillow and groaning appreciatively. Above him, there was a soft chuckle. “I get – I get,” he mumbles, struggling to pull words together when his mouth is drooping with the effort.“Stark, relax -”“Nightmares,” he finally manages. “I get ‘em, just in case I spazz out. Just like – leave me, alright? It’ll pass, don’t – don’t tell no one. Don’t want em to worry -” It comes out in a slur, though he thinks his companion understands when he’s answered with a hum and a soft murmur of, “I really hope you don’t freak about this when you’re awake, Stark.”“We’ll never speak of it,” Tony promised, and just like that, he was out.And Tony’s a man of his word: They do not speak of it.It’s just something that keeps happening that they continue not to speak about.Obviously, it’s not intentional.Except for that one time that Tony held out until Barnes came back from a mission, walked into the living room where Tony had ambushed him, and hustled him into a cuddle-puddle made purely from Tony’s need to be warm when he slept, and declared, “Thank god, you’re home.”Tony still falls asleep in weird places, though.He can add lying chest first in the kitchen sink onto the list. Even if it had only been about a minute and a half before Barnes had appeared, steered him to the couch and did the thing with his hands in Tony’s hair which magic, Tony’s convinced, he sleeps like a toddler that’s been sufficiently run out of energy just moments before. Which isn’t in any way inaccurate on days when Tony can still fight the sleep off:“You keep turning, and you’ll roll right off my lap.”He huffed out a breath petulantly. “I’m trying to get comfortable. I knew your thighs you could crush my head, but seriously – so muscly – not much cushioning at all.”Barnes sniffed. “I didn’t hear you complaining any other time.”“Shhh, we do not speak of it,” Tony reminded, finally finding a position, and yeah, they don’t talk about it.But Pepper knows because when doesn’t she know everything?“And you’re sure it’s…safe?”Tony hums, “Why wouldn’t it be?”“Well, the last time you two were in the same room alone, you almost came home in a body bag,” she said, tapping her foot impatiently, though she does nothing to hide her obvious concern.“One, we weren’t alone, Rogers was there. And two, you’re exaggerating about the body bag.” So dramatic, really.Tony can practically hear her eyes roll. “Forgive me if I don’t like the idea of you around someone who could’ve put you in a body bag.”“His training kicked in; it was survival instinct,” Tony waves off like it’s no big deal because it isn’t. Tony threw the first punch and Barnes had every right to defend himself. Nothing about that fight in the bunker had been okay, and that’s an unspoken agreement between them, sort of like everything else.“Tony -”“And I was never really angry with him.” Pepper’s jaw makes a click sound, and Tony shrugs, giving her a look. “It was just…a shock. If anything, I should’ve punched Rogers and kept at it.”She huffs. “Now that I agree with.” After a beat of watching
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pre-Winteriron - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
bucky deserves nice things
Tony is sleep deprived
They come to an arrangement
They Don't Talk About it
But Pepper will
Pre-Slash
Anti-Wanda Maximoff
Not Wanda Friendly
Hint of Thunderscience
Team Revenger is not pleased about Wanda
Bucky is scary until he isn't
Bucky's an awkward bean who deserves love
this is a SOFT fic
Actual fluff?
Cuddling
platonic sleeping together

fandom: 
Pre-Winteriron - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

