Chapter 1





Chapter Text
CH:1  They were all there for the same purpose, well, all but one. Loki had no interest in the women to either side of him, nor for the reason they were there. All potential suitors to the young prince of Asgard. Well, all but him, who’d been invited along as an opportunity to expand his education. And honestly, how could he turn that down? He’d likely never get such a chance again.  Though they were told they had equal opportunity, they all knew one was favored over them. The young blond chosen by Prince Thor’s father personally. A perfect match, gorgeous long golden locks, bright blue eyes, well established family. Their children would be beautiful to be certain and their joining would only strengthen ties with Vanaheim.  All the new arrivals stood in a line in the Throne room. The girls to one side of Loki standing stiffly as they awaited the arrival of the Prince, giggling and whispering among one another. Loki was not here for him, but had to attend all the same gatherings as he was sent with them.  He simply sighed and rolled his eyes, having little to no interest in such pomp and circumstance. He just wanted to get on with accessing the legendary Asgardian library.  The great doors were soon thrown wide and a small procession of warriors began to enter. Two men first, one large and portly, with a great rust colored beard, his partner a dark haired man of thinner build, both obviously not of Asgardian descent. Next came the man of the hour, Prince Thor, who was laughing at something the blond warrior to his left had just said. To his right, a dark haired warrior woman of dour mood, looked over the assembled in scrutiny.  The girls all ceased whispering and put on their best form, puffing up chests and batting eyes. Loki looked at his feet thoughtfully, just wanting this to all be over with. He could hear the prince making his way down the line of women, greeting each one individually, and awarding them a kiss to the hand.  By the Norns he could practically hear them swoon.   “And you are?” A deep voice called his gaze up to meet a brilliant blue set of eyes, the exact color of a stormy sea.  “Merely here to further my education, I assure you,” Loki replied keeping his hands clasped behind his back.  “That’s not really what I asked,” The Prince pushed, though smiled at the young man’s cheeky answer.  “Loki, of house Barrell,” Loki stated cooley, still holding his gaze.  Prince Thor eyed him for a minute more, humming in response, the smile never leaving his lips, before turning back to the blond woman on his right.  “And how is the lovely Lady Calla?” Thor greeted, smiling broadly as he reached for the young woman’s hand, pulling her from the group and kissing it sweetly. Loki noticed the dark haired lady warrior roll her eyes and ducked his head to hide his smirk. He felt a bit of kinship with that sharp woman. “I trust your  trip was comfortable?”  “It was my prince,” Lady Calla said smiling demurely, yet not moving to take her hand back.  “That is good news,” Prince Thor said still flashing his dazzling smile. Oh yes, Loki knew exactly what he was doing, the pompous flirt. “Apologies for not being there to escort you myself, I was otherwise detained with my royal duties.”  Yeah right, Loki thought risking a small eye roll, he was likely detained down at the local tavern if his legends held any truth. He glanced beside him but only saw the starstruck eyes of his fellow travelers. Were all these maidens the same? Like they even stood a chance. Well, perhaps not with the prince anyway, he noted as he caught the blond warrior to the prince’s left wink at the girl now to his right and noted her grin in return. Yggdrasil give him strength.  The Lady Calla was being lead away by the prince, the other maidens close in tow as he  was going over all the wonders of the palace and telling her of all the things they would do while she was there, feasts, balls, exploring the gardens.Leaving Loki to meet the rest of the warriors.  “I don’t believe we’ve met,” The blond warrior was stating as he eyed Loki with a far too fox like smile.  “Loki,” Loki greeted smoothly. “Of house Barrell.”  “Ah, yes, the adopted child,” The larger warrior filled in coming to his side.  “I prefer the term chosen, myself,” Loki replied with a small smirk.  Both warriors exchanged glances before bursting out in laughter. “I like him,” the blond stated still chuckling. “Fandral,” He greeted extending his hand, which Loki took after a moment. “If you need anything while you’re here, just come find me. And I do mean anything.” He added giving Loki a broad sweep of his eyes.  Loki frowned and pulled his hand back. “Thanks, I shall remember that.” he stated honestly. Yep, definitely a sly one.  Loki was soon introduced to the rest, Volstagg being the large portly warrior who invited Loki to join them at the tavern sometime. A polite invitation that Loki knew didn’t hold any truth, but was merely given out of nicenes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Lady Loki
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Slow Build
Just a dash of angst
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Mutual Pining
Humor
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

