Work Text:
The last thing Harry saw before jumping through the veil were multiple bullets flying towards him. The first thing Harry saw afterward was a beautiful valley, a gleaming city nestled within. He fell, his knees buckling, unable or unwilling to carry his weight anymore. He was exhausted, bloody and dirty, and he fell onto the grassy terrain underneath him, unconsciously curling around something. 
His wand was held tight in his right hand, his knuckles bloody. The grasses that he had fallen into were tall, swaying with the wind. Harry knelt on the grass, breathing heavily and fast. The afternoon sun beamed down on him and his knee moved under him, bumping into something. Harry blinked and looked down, blinked again as he took in the dragon egg underneath him. It was a white thing, round, and had hard, tough scales surrounding the creature within. It kind of looked like Norberta’s egg but this was light and much brighter in color than her’s had been.

“Huh.” His voice came out dry and choked, from being on the run for the past three months. He had no memory of taking a dragon egg with him or of even touching a dragon egg ever. And… there was nothing between falling into the veil and arriving here, wherever here was. 

His heartbeat, thumping within his chest, as sounds came back to him. He heard booted footsteps coming towards him and the sounds of life, a horse whinnying behind him and people talking in a foreign language as they came closer. The ground shook beneath him and he fell on the ground beneath him as his energy gave out, exhaling a shaky sigh. 

He was sitting on his arse, the dragon egg within his legs, when he came face to face with a big rhino. Harry tilted his head in confusion, a start of a bemused grin on his face as the rhino stared right at him. “I’m confused.”

Someone snorted, making him look up, around the rhino. There was a man dressed in fine, beautiful clothes, with skin darker than Harry’s, and four women flanking him. They were standing next to the rhino and… there was someone on the rhino’s back, sitting on a well made saddle. The man on the rhino’s back had a spear pointed right at Harry, though it didn’t just look like any old spear. It looked like it was a high tech spear, some kind of energy pooling in the tip.

Black spots entered his vision and the rhino lowered its’ head, as if to sniff him. Harry held out a shaky hand, noting the various cuts and bruises. The gunshot wound on his leg was still bleeding out and he would have healed it before, had his magic not been depleted. As it was, his magic was sluggishly mending every other cut and scratch and bruise on his body. He could even feel his skin knitting together this very minute and trying to mend the bigger gashes on his legs. “Nice rhino?”

The man who was not on the rhino stared at him, a curious light entering his brown eyes. His lips twitched up at Harry’s behavior, clearly amused by something. Harry pulled his limitless bag out of his pocket and gently placed the egg in it, made sure it was cushioned then looked backup at the man. “Who are you?”

“Harry. Just Harry.”
 
  
T’Challa watched as the man swayed in place briefly before collapsing against the ground a moment later, his green eyes rolling into the back of his head. “Let’s get him to my sister.”  

Okoye frowned but nodded, her shoulders tight. The rhino right next to her turned towards her and Okoye’s lips twitched up into a small grin. “Are you sure of this, my prince?”

“He didn’t attack us, Okoye,” T’Challa remarked, raising an eyebrow. “Besides, he’s not Wakandan and he made it through the shield barrier. That alone should make you curious.”

Okoye finally dipped her head in a nod and T’Challa walked right over to the man, looking him over more closely. The man’s skin, from what they could see, was covered in scrapes and bruises, cuts and slashes and there were at least two bullet wounds. T’Challa stooped to gently pick up the man, wondering who he was and where he had come from. The guy froze unconsciously but otherwise didn’t fight T’Challa. 

They walked back to the jet that they had taken and T’Challa walked over to place the man on one of the cushioned benches. Okoye took her place at the front of the jet and expertly guided the craft into taking off, into the air, and over to Shuri’s lab. T’Challa looked over the man as they flew, wondering who the man was and where he had come from. 

“Who are you?” T’Challa muttered, taking in the man’s wild black hair and strangely shaped scar on his forehead. The man had had bright green eyes and when he had been awake, had looked at T’Challa and Okoye curiously. Somehow the man had gotten through or seen through the barrier that protected Wakanda from outsiders. “He’s not an Avenger.”

“Could he be of Thor’s race?” Okoye asked, as they flew over the multiple farms in between the city and the vibranium mound which held Shuri’s lab. 

“No. W’Kabi said no one saw the bridge with which Thor travels,” T’Ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/T'Challa (Marvel)

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/T'Challa (Marvel)

