Work Text:
Two months and everyone was still being cautious, still being overly vigilant, and Bucky really couldn’t blame them. An impressive body count trailed him wherever he went, no matter how many memories he recovered and how long he was away from Hydra. His hands were dripping with blood, his soul stained with it, no matter how many times someone said it wasn’t his fault. It didn’t change the fact that those lives were lost at his hands and there was nothing that would change Bucky’s mind on that. The way the Avengers were acting around him only managed to add credence to his conclusion. Even Steve was cautious, careful and watchful.
That’s why he was sprawled out on the couch, mostly alone, watching something Jarvis had put on when he’d asked in the communal living room for the Avengers. In the nearby kitchen he could hear low talking, Steve and Natasha, just over the volume of the TV. Bucky could feel the Soldier at the back of his mind, restless and agitated, as he zoned out merely listening to the sounds surrounding him.
The Soldier was always restless lately. With no outlet, constant unwanted overtures and distrust disguised as something bordering on potential friendship it wasn’t a surprise. Bucky completely understood. He was starting to get a bit restless himself.
Bucky sighed, twisted on the couch into a more comfortable position, and closed his eyes. He could hear the low hum of the elevator over a lull in sound, the soft pad of stumbling steps venturing onto the communal floor, as he laid there trying to relax.
It wasn’t until something bumped into the couch that he cracked open an eye, forcing himself not to tense and pull the knife he always kept on himself, to see a very ruffled looking Tony Stark. It was more than obvious the man was half asleep, exhausted and only half-aware of his surroundings.

For a man high on Hydra’s threat list he lets his guard down far too easily.

Of course that’s what the Soldier would notice. There wasn’t even the tiniest hint that the Soldier actually saw Tony Stark as a threat. If anything the Soldier felt amused and curious. Bucky wasn’t sure if that was good as he tracked Tony’s movements. They were sluggish, tired and clearly unaware of his surroundings. The walk had probably been purely made by memory.
Bucky had rarely seen Tony around since he’d first arrived at the Tower, been introduced to both the Tower’s owner and the creator of Jarvis, before Tony had disappeared into the elevator for a Board Meeting. Most of the time it seemed he was in his workshop, Avenging, traveling or at SI. Tony wasn’t around long enough to form an opinion, to take his measure, which made this all the more interesting to both of them.
Judging by the slump of Tony’s shoulders, the sleepy eyes and the soft mumbles Tony had probably been locked in the workshop fixing the damage the latest outing for the Avengers had caused to his armor. He noted the damp hair that indicated a recent shower, the soft looking pants and the hoodie that dwarfed Tony. By the looks of it Tony had stolen one of Thor’s hoodies. Bucky knew Steve didn’t own anything like it and the hoodie was far too large to be anyone else’s.
Tony shuffled forward as Bucky watched him, blinked blurrily at him and shrugged. In the next moment Bucky had a sleepy genius sprawled out on top of him. His mind went blank as Tony actually snuggled up against him, sighing softly and going completely limp. There was an occasional low mumble, something that sounded like an equation or some scientific formula considering the source, as he shifted on top of Bucky until he’d moved closer to the back of the couch.
Soon enough Tony had shifted and maneuvered himself until he was trapped between Bucky’s body and the back of the couch, an arm and leg thrown over Bucky’s body, with his face pressed against him.
Warm breath brushed against Bucky as Tony’s breathing evened out and any lingering tension disappeared completely with Tony’s rapid descent into dreamland.
No one had been this comfortable around him in decades. He couldn’t even properly remember the very last time someone had so wholly let their guard down. Bucky turned his head to look at Tony’s sleep slack face.
There was a kind of heartbreaking innocence to his expression, at peace and calm, as Tony breathed softly and used Bucky as a human pillow. The sound of gentle breathing, the steady calm hum of the arc reactor, had something settling inside of him. Tony mumbled against his chest, fingers curling in Bucky’s shirt.
He was being cuddled.
Tony Stark was using him as a human teddy bear and, somehow, he was completely fine with it. The sign of trust, the lack of fear or suspicion, had him calming. He could feel the way the Soldier relaxed within his mind. It was startling.
This was the closest to contentment he’d ever felt from the Soldier.
Bucky hadn’t thought it was possible. There were hints of it, when he was taking apart a gun to clean and swiftly putting it back togeth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pre-James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark - Relationship
Thor & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sleepy Tony Stark
Sleepy Cuddles
Cuddling & Snuggling
Fluff
Protective Thor (Marvel)
(which is the BEST Thor)
Tony Stark & Thor Friendship
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Tony Stark Steals Clothing
Adorable Tony Stark
(which is basically his default setting)
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
instead he gets cuddles which are just as good
Pre-Relationship
Thor is a troll
tactile tony
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Pre-James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark - Relationship
Thor & Tony Stark

