Chapter 1: Roses
    




Chapter Text

Tony had a son. A son that was once a bouncy baby boy with ten fingers and ten toes. Except, Tony missed that stage in his son’s life, by a fairly large margin. At fourteen-years-old Harry looks like the spitting image of Tony, at least the photo on the profile Jarvis is compiling does. Tony had only known about him for a total of ten minutes and he already has a comprehensive history. Tony has always had the information he wanted at his fingertips he doesn't know what to do now that he knows he missed something so monumental. 

The kid’s been wandering around this earth for fourteen years. He’s had time to grow and change and live. Time where he either didn’t have a father or had the wrong one. Tony’s had a kid for fourteen, almost fifteen, god, years and he didn’t know. He wonders what he’s like, beyond short, thin and vibrant. He wonders why the kid’s education just stopped at eleven and how he managed to find himself oceans away from his home.

Tony is sitting on a plane back from a function he was attending in South Asia. He wishes he hadn’t had to attend but Pepper had been insisting that the publicity was important and more importantly Peter needed space to be a teenager. Tony wonders if the space was actually helpful considering the kid almost drowned but currently he’s a little preoccupied that there’s a kid waiting for him at Stark Tower.

Whilst he's waiting to get there he has plenty of time to panic.

Tony’s had his fair share of pregnancy scares. People assume he’d be careful but he’s familiar with the dawning dread at the thought of being responsible for a new human.

This human isn’t new. Harry doesn’t come with the wide-eyed curiosity and general awe for life. Tony isn’t going to teach him his ABCs or have time to develop a relationship where he can rely on unconditional love so that later when the moodiness and mistakes come along the kid will still come back to him. The kid isn’t going to learn how to have a relationship with him just by Tony saying the word ‘Dad’ in his general vicinity, Tony is going to have to introduce himself, to navigate the oceans of distance between them.

He isn’t building from the ground up, first he needs to tear down some walls, lay some foundations. That is if the kid even wants to meet him. What the hell is he supposed to do if the kid doesn’t want to meet him. When the genius(semi-functioning) part of his brain begins to kick in he realises this thought is stupid. The kid found him. That’s what Pepper said when she called him at least. He guesses he’ll know if that’s true in about ten minutes. God, he wishes this plane was faster.

When the plane lands Tony is on his feet before it’s come to a stop. He uses his suit to reach the tower as fast as possible.

All Pepper told him was that they received a call from a Harry James Potter who said he found Tony’s picture in Lily Evan’s journal and that this was the number listed. She said it went to his personal number. The one he’d had since his dad first built him a phone and hadn’t changed since.  The one he’d worked tirelessly to keep hidden and only told a handful of his most trusted. He left it with Pepper because he trusted her more than anyone in the world. He kept every model of phone that had that number and he didn’t want to lose this one in a fight.

When he received the call he had wanted to pretend that it was just some kid with his photo. There are so many kids with his photo it would've been of little consequence but deep down he’d known what had happened from the second he heard Lily Evan’s name.

He remembers her so clearly. Remembers singing into her hair and poring over science journals with her. He remembers kissing her long, slow and reverently. He remembers her eyes bright, full of life, now they’re in a picture, staring out at him in the face of a kid. Apparently, she’s dead. Tony doesn’t know what to do with that information.

The minutes it takes to reach the tower from the runway feels like hours.

He’s in the process of moving from Stark tower to the Avengers compound. Stark tower is mostly bare but he’s kept an assistant manning the front desk for public appearances. He’s also left his lab and his computer until last. He’s having trouble letting go of this tower. Letting go of the memories and the ties to this city. He’s glad that there is also a boardroom still set up, he doesn’t know why it’s still there but Pepper probably had a reason. Meeting Tony’s fourteen year old kid probably hadn’t been it.

When Tony enters the room where the kid, Harry, is waiting, he immediately gleans some more information he doesn’t know what to do with. At 14 years old Tony was running up the walls driving his father insane with his energy. This kid held himself taut and stiff as if he was bracing himself for something.

On the phone, Pepper had said she wanted Lawyers and paternity tests, but this kid hasn’t said Tony’s his father. He hasn’t asked for money. Hasn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Lily Evans Potter/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Family Dynamics
Hurt/Comfort
Nerdiness
Pseudoscience
Angst
Fluff
Father-Son Relationship
Developing Relationship
Politics
Abuse
Trauma
Coming of Age

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Lily Evans Potter/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

