Chapter 1: Coffee, Folders, and the Finer Things in Life
    




Chapter Text
Saturdays were the best day of the week. A lot of people would agree with Peter, rationalizing that the weekend was always the best day of the week. Peter had other reasons of why he just loved Saturday, and they started with Friday. Since Friday was the last day of school for the week, Peter could stay out on Patrol as long as he likes, as long as he gave an 'I'm still fine' text to Aunt May and Tony every once in awhile. Once Saturday arrived, Peter would take his time going upstate to the Tower. He'd order himself a twenty-dollar cup of coffee that made him look like the whitest of girls. Tony had slowly, but surely, gotten Peter acclimated to the finer things in life, and didn't have a problem with giving him the "allowance" to continue with the life-style. As soon as Peter stepped into the lobby of Stark Industries, his day started. He was pulled this way and that by interns needing his help. Julie came from behind him, dropping a stack of folders into his arms before running off asking him to give them to his 'dad'. And once one person gave Peter folders for Tony, everyone did. By the time Peter got above floor thirty-six, he had three people following him with stacks of papers, and one person holding his coffee for him.
"Little Stark, there's a tour group coming in today, is the intern labs green-lit for touring?" Tyler, the head tour guide asked as he walked beside Peter. "Also, do you think you can get your dad to step in for a quick Q&A? You know the civilian's always like that part."
"I'll see what I can do about Tony, but yeah, the intern labs are free for tours. Unless Bucky comes in, because he's been needing a tweek in his arm, but being too stubborn to do so." Peter talked as they rode the elevator up. They walked down a less crowded hall until the Caliban of folders Peter was leading came upon Pepper's office.
One of the new interns that was holding a stack of folders to Peter's left was about to ask what everyone did;
"But aren't we supposed to take these to Mr. Stark?" Kai said. There was a laughed whisper about 'newbie', but no one bothered to answer his question, because when the door opened, Tony walked out.
"Again?" He huffed, before taking the first stack of folders out of Peter's hands, letting him take his coffee and relive Henry to go back to his duties. "They do know you're not an actual intern, and they are right?"
"They're afraid of you. Plus, once one of them noticed that you actually allow me to hand you things, they all rejoiced." Peter shrugged, turning back to his herd of helpers. Well, only Kai, now. Tyler had gone away to make everything presentable for the tour group. "Oh, hey, there's a tour-"
"And they want a Q&A with me. Yeah, Pepper already told me to do it. Said it was good PR or something. This is why I never liked running a business." Tony stuck his tongue out and ruffled Peter's hair. It wasn't helping the image of Tony NOT being Peter's actual dad, but that image was flushed down the toilet when Peter had accidentally called the man his dad. No amount of taking it back could stop the whole of Stark Industries.
"Sir." An official looking man in a suit and tie jugged up to them. "You're needed in the Bio-technician labs. They're having a bit of trouble." Tony let out a sigh and waved over the closest worker that didn't look like they were doing anything, it was Rick from Manufacturing. "Take this to Peter's lab for him. Pete, can you handle the files, and only hand me back the ones that you couldn't figure out or absolutely need my attention. Thanks, kiddo." Then Tony followed the suit away.
"Why do I always get pulled into folder-holding?" Rick grumbled.
"Because you never look like you're doing anything important." Peter gave the man a big smile, because he really did do a lot for Peter.
Getting to Peter's lab happened soon enough. Rick answered all of Kai's questions as Peter breathed in his coffee, because it was still Nine in the morning, and Peter had staid up all night from Patrol. Peter always had to chuckle at the newbies confusion. In all honesty he was confused himself. He was seventeen years old, became Spider-man at fourteen, became Tony's intern at fifteen. He made a relationship with a man the rest of the world said had no heart. In all honesty, Peter Parker was Tony Stark's personal assistant. At least that's what the official paper's say. At school he was a lowly intern if he was believed, and an attention seeking liar if he wasn't. He was kicked out of clubs, even classrooms, he was hated, bullied, all because he was an intern, and no one believed him. Tony had said he'd go to Midtown, show up those punks and asshole teachers. Peter said it'd make people suspicious of how an intern got the attention of Tony Stark.
Peter let his thoughts drift as he flipped through folders, separating the attention-seeking trash to the things that need fresh eyes and went from there. Si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
peter parker is an intern
Intern Peter Parker
A day in the life -
of Peter
Field Trip
but not like you'd think
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Dad!Tony
Father-Son Relationship
Peter is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
peter is best boi
17yr old Peter
19yr old Johnny

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

