Chapter 1: Thor FAILS as a Motivational Speaker (TDW)
    




Chapter Text
Loki dropped the illusion of being unaffected by his mother’s death.  “Now you see me, brother,” he said as Thor walked over to him.  “Did she suffer?”  
“I did not come here to share our grief-” Thor began.
“I figured as much when you and Odin left a stranger to inform me of her death but I still thought you might be willing to share information with me to woo me to your cause,” Loki interrupted.  “What do you want from me Odinson?”
Thor’s mouth tightened, “I know you seek vengeance as much as I do. You help me escape Asgard and I will grant it to you, vengeance. And afterward, this cell.”
Loki chuckled, “You must be truly desperate to come to me for help- Although I suppose I have given you reason to think that I prize revenge over all else. -What makes you think you can trust me?”
“I don't. Mother did,” Thor stated.  “You should know that when we fought each other in the past, I did so with a glimmer of hope that my brother was still in there somewhere. That hope no longer exists to protect you. You betray me and I will kill you.” 
“So… If I betray you, you’ll kill me?” Loki asked.  
Thor nodded.  
“And if I’m faithful to you, you’ll throw me back in this cell to rot in solitary confinement until I go completely mad.  The only person who could or would circumvent Odin’s orders, gone?”
“Err, I suppose I could visit,” Thor said uncertainly.  He glanced around at the ruins of Loki’s cell, “Bring books?”
Loki smiled, “No, I just wished to be clear about my options.  When do we start?”
Meanwhile, Sif was busy with the task Thor had given her.  She arrived just as Jane’s guards were delivering the Midgardian’s dinner.  “I'm not hungry,” Jane said.  
Sif knocked out the guards, “Good, let's go.”
Jane looked at the other woman curiously.
“I hope you die, the sooner the better,” Sif said smiling.  “Just as long as it’s not because I failed Thor.  You’re mortal, at worst I have to wait sixty- seventy years before I have the opportunity to comfort him in his grief over losing you.  It’s annoying but not much worse than enduring an unpleasant class or two would be for one of your life-span.  But if I’m complicit in your death it might actually drive a wedge between us… So stick close to me and try not to die on my watch.”
Nervously Jane followed Sif through the battle scared halls until they met up with Thor and his brother.  “You're…” Jane began.
“I'm Loki. You may have heard of…”
Jane slapped Loki as hard as she could, “That was for New York.”
Loki smiled and looked at Thor, “You two have so much in common: You’re both violent and, apparently, heedless of the fact you plan to put your lives in my hands.”
Before Thor could reply they heard the guards approaching, “There they are! Take them.”
“I'll hold them off,” Sif offered. “Take her.  Remember how much I’ve helped you after she’s dead.”
“Thank you,” Thor said.  “I think.”
When he and Jane started down the hall Sif laid her sword alongside Loki’s neck.  “Betray him and I'll kill you,” she threatened.  
“You all do know I wasn’t aiming for a long life when I threw myself off the Bifrost?” Loki asked before moving her sword aside and following Thor and Jan
The three of them hurried on to where Malekith’s ship had crashed into the palace.  There Volstagg met them, “I will give you as much time as I can,” he promised.
Volstagg and Thor grasped forearms. “Thank you, my friend.”
Loki rolled his eyes when Volstagg stopped him from passing, “If you even think about betraying him…”
“Has it occurred to even one of you brainless louts that offering to look the other way while I escape after my mother’s killer is dead and Thor’s beloved mortal is safe would be a much more effective way of guaranteeing my loyalty?” Loki asked with exasperation.
After Thor’s inexpert piloting had caused more damage to the city that Malekith’s attack, Thor shoved Loki off the ship.  Loki, his hands still bound, landed awkwardly in a skiff piloted by Fandral.  “I see your time in the dungeons has made you no less graceful,” the blond laughed.
Loki waited for the inevitable death threat, but Fandral didn’t take advantage of the moment before Thor joined them with Jane.  “Of all of Thor and all his friends, you’re the one who realized that threatening to kill me doesn’t actually do… anything... to motivate my loyalty?” Loki asked in shock.  
“Actually I just thought it would be better to remind Thor up-front that you will betray him,” Fandral admitted.
“Especially when the ‘reward’ I’ve been promised for my loyalty is less desirable that death," Loki agreed. "And I always thought you were the most brainless of the lot.  I do want vengeance against my mother’s murderer but be assured, one way or another, I will NOT be returning to Odin’s cell after I’ve had it.”
It took only a few minutes after their successful escape to Svartalfheim before Thor and Loki fell to quarreling.
“You think you alone were loved of Mother?” Thor de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Team!Cap Friendly

fandom: 
None
