Work Text:
“Should someone check on him?” Natasha asked. Clint frowned at her until she sighed, held up her finger and thumb, then just her finger, jerked her fist, and went to retrieve his hearing aids for him.“I don’t know,” Bruce said, looking down into his mug of some organic tea with a lot of adjectives, German Chamomile Mint Herbal something. “He might just need sleep. It happens. Besides, it’s Sunday, it’s not like we were doing anything anyways.”Natasha returned with Clint’s hearing aids, setting them down on the kitchen table in front of him. He ruffled Natasha’s not-yet-straightened hair in response, but she only batted his hand away. He grinned as he set about putting his hearing aids in.“I, for one, believe we should let Steven rest,” Thor chimed in as he broke a Strawberry Pop-Tart in half and handed one of the halves to Bruce. Bruce smiled and took a bite of it, leaning back in his kitchen chair. “It is not uncommon for a warrior to sleep away the toils of battle.”“That would be a better excuse if our last battle wasn’t two weeks ago, Thor,” Clint pointed out, his hearing aids finally in, as Tony dragged himself into the kitchen and made a beeline straight for the coffee machine.“What’re you talking about?” Tony asked, running a hand through his bed-head hair as he waited for the coffee to pour itself into his mug.“Steve’s not up yet,” Bruce explained, and Tony raised an eyebrow as he hopped up onto the counter and pulled his coffee mug close to himself.“That’s weird,” Tony mumbled, looking around for a clock. “What time is it?”“Nine-oh-three, sir,” JARVIS answered, and Tony frowned.“And did Cap’n Crunch go for a run this morning?” Tony asked, and Clint laughed once.“No, sir,” JARVIS replied. Tony raised an eyebrow as he took a sip from his mug.“That’s weird,” Bruce said quietly. Thor shrugged.“As I said, it is common for one to sleep after battle or other such rigorous activity,” Thor said, and Clint straightened up. Natasha looked up from her newspaper at him, then decided not to bother and looked back down.“No, you said “sleep away the toils of battle,”” Clint remarked, looking straight at Thor. “You added “other such rigorous activity” this time. What do you mean?”Thor laughed loudly. “Only that Steven may have been involved in other activities. You are well versed in such matters, Clinton, I should not have to explain such a thing to you.”The kitchen was silent for a moment before Bruce snickered. Clint glared at him, which only made Natasha laugh from behind her newspaper.“Yeah, but, Thor, this is Captain America,” Tony reminded him, patiently. “This isn’t Clint, or you, or me.” Tony squinted in Natasha’s direction when she laughed, but otherwise ignored her. “He probably just stayed up too late or something. There’s always the chance that he-”“What’re we talking about?” Steve asked tiredly as he entered the kitchen. Bruce looked up at Steve and calmly set his mug back down on the table, even as the room fell silent. Tony openly gaped.“Uhm. Nothing,” Clint answered. Natasha folded her newspaper and set it down on the table, then leaned around Clint to get a better look at Steve. Steve, who usually woke up at five in the morning as a rule, or as an old habit, went for a jog, returned to the Tower, showered, dressed, and was in the kitchen looking ready for the day by eight at the latest. Steve, who none of them had seen the torso of unless he was sparring for too long and got too hot, or his clothes were otherwise ripped in battle, or they were swimming. Steve, who, at the moment, was clearly not showered, as his hair was a blonde mess that he ran his fingers through nervously as they all unabashedly stared at him.His hair and lack of shower were not his biggest problems, though, nor were they his most obvious. He was far from dressed, wearing a pair of boxers and a thin robe that was untied and barely even on. This, still, was not the most dramatic new aspect of his appearance; that title went to the bruises. He was covered in them, from his neck to his hips, and, Tony strongly suspected, there were plenty more bruises underneath the boxers. When Natasha looked over Steve’s body, he glanced down, then raised his eyebrows at himself.“Oh,” Steve said simply. “I-”“What’s everyone so quiet for?” Bucky asked, ambling into the kitchen, and Tony slid off the counter onto his feet. Bruce’s brow furrowed, and he covered his mouth with his hand to hide his laughter. Bucky looked at least two hundred percent worse than Steve did, wearing only boxers, not a robe in sight, his long hair pulled back into a messy ponytail/bun thing, his skin a veritable mess of bruises, obvious hickeys and dark fingertip impressions. There were a few bruises along the scarred edge where his torso met his metal arm that were rather impressive, and Natasha whistled.Steve’s face turned a little red when he looked Bucky over, but he otherwise remained somewhat unphased by the whole thing. Bucky raised an eyebrow at Steve, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Humor
Fluff
Domestic
Domestic Avengers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Deaf Character
Deaf Character
Deaf Clint Barton
steve isn't up at asscrack o'clock and the other avengers are concerned
but they need not be
and bucky is a snarky asshole
because everything is okay and happy and nothing hurts
and bucky eats red velvet pop-tarts godDAMNit
Prompt Fill
maybe a lil bit crack fic
but i mean
not enough that it doesn't count as a story
So yeah
Breakfast
Avengers Tower
Avengers Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

