Work Text:
Darcy was on top. Again.

Yay.

Okay, so it wasn't like it was the end of the world that her boyfriend - Captain Freakin' America - had certain, set in stone, preferences in bed. Jesus was hardly weeping for the state of her sex life. It wasn't even that bad and so what if, from time to time, she felt more like a jockey than a consenting adult making love to the world's most desirable man (two years running)? There were worse fates. She knew. Their lives had boiled down to juggling a stunning array of worst case scenarios and putting out SHIELD and Hydra's various spot fires. She was just lucky she'd been invited to join Stark's heroic party bus.

Really, she had to be the world's shittiest girlfriend. How else was she going to explain the way that she was becoming increasingly un-wowed as she rode sweet, gorgeous Steve and watched his brain scramble as he clutched their sheets in his white-knuckled grip and let his back bow as he came with a throaty cry. Besides, it wasn't like she didn't know how to take care of herself.

Later, when she could feel the sweat cooling on his chest and his cock twitching inside of her, he pulled her down into a soft kiss (always soft, only soft) and rocked his hips a little.

"Honey, did you...?" It was infuriating that after months together, he still couldn't even say it. Coming with Steve had become a bit hit and miss (not like those first few times, when just looking at him did the job). Still, Darcy was pretty sure it was a felony to lie to Captain America. Instead, she scrambled off him, pressed her fingers between her legs to staunch the trickle of his come and punched him heartily in the shoulder with her spare hand.

"You did great, champ," she said with a wonky smile as she backed into the bathroom.

~*~

Steve wasn't snooping. He wasn't. He was Captain America and, thusly, it was called reconnoitring. 

Natasha and Bucky would be proud and even if it made him highly uncomfortable, some things were just too important to not have all the relevant facts.

Darcy had been far too cagey over the past couple of weeks... well, in bed. Everywhere else was Darcy doing what Darcy did best - which had come as a surprise to everyone - since few people had reckoned on Foster's plus-one having any usable skills. Stark had closed ranks and amassed his forces at the Avenger's Tower, Hydra had an army and they were building theirs. For weeks she'd just been underfoot, cornering anyone who moved too slowly. Steve had proven a favourite for her, mostly because he was always polite enough to at least let her start talking, even if it had taken him a while to learn the value of what she was saying.

Listen, I've got this ex. He's in prison, but I think he can help with- Not interested.

I know where we can get a bunch of juiced up tasers on the cheap for- Not helpful, Lewis.

There's these kids, they did a pamphlet drop today. About Hydra. They can help. It's not a great time, Darcy.

Cap, those kids. They're onto something. People need to know. They're called the White Rose and- Wait. Say that again?

Darcy and Skye had a knack for recruiting bright, young (and naturally suspicious) things. They were out of the tower that morning working their magic (and buying Starbucks for) an Apple 'Genius' that Darcy swore had technokinetic powers. She was usually right about that sort of stuff and, as long as Ward and an assortment of other agents were within response range, he'd learned to let her do her part. Who was he to tell someone they couldn't fight based on their physical capabilities?

Point being: he had a good stretch of time before Darcy was due home and he wasn't going to waste it, so it was absolutely not an accident (or snooping) when he settled down on the sofa in their Stark-funded apartment and started to sift through emails on Darcy's tablet. He was looking for anything and everything: medical results, family emails, subscriptions to dating sites (he felt a little sick when he considered that possibility). Nothing stood out. 

"Have you tried her browser history?"

Steve damn near dropped the tablet in his haste to stuff it under a cushion. His head snapped up to find Natasha leaning in the doorway, arms crossed loosely.

"I wasn't-"

"Sure you weren't." She pushed away from the door frame and turned back into the corridor. "Browser history. If you've got questions... no, actually. Don't come to me. Go to Tony, I think he's into that stuff."

~*~

Darcy stumbled over Steve's shield as she let herself into their apartment. She paused for a second to drop her bag and shuck hers shoes, scarf and coat, before stooping to prop it back up beside the door. She smiled as she traced her finger over the red edge of the shield. Any night that he wasn't out fighting was a good night, she'd forgotten that. What did the odd bout of mediocre sex with a too-gentle lover matter, when compared to nights spent curled up against a guy with a heart bigger than Phar Lap?

"Seriously, you k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rough Sex
Spanking
Bad Sex
Darcy and Steve aren't getting their security deposit back
Clint's neighbours suck
Snooping
light Ds

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

