Work Text:
It started with Peter stealing his upgraded webshooters from Tony’s lab. In hindsight, it wasn’t a good omen that his first act towards being a hero and helping people started with robbing a superhero of expensive and dangerous technology. But Peter had helped build it, because he knew how to, and he felt like he needed them if this was going to work out.So he stole his webshooters by fiddling with a bit of FRIDAY’s code so she’d have a twenty second black out in the lab – enough time for him to move from his desk in the corner, to Tony’s on the other side of the room, where the webshooters sat in a draw, slip them into his backpack and move back to his seat.FRIDAY ran her diagnostics on her code, found only a single line out of place that she had no recollection of being added and fixed the problem. No one knew a thing.The Wednesday after school started again, Peter went to Ned’s after school. He ignored the two SHIELD agents drinking coffee in the window of the café across the road and raced up the steps behind Ned and into his house.Once they were situated in his room, Ned grinned. “You know, we could totally be the cool kids if you actually talked to anyone.”Peter scoffed. Ned was sat on the desk chair and Peter on the floor, rummaging through his backpack. “If they wanted to be my friends, they would’ve spoken to me before the field trip.”“Maybe they’re shy.”“Maybe they wanna be friends with the kid who plays with throwing knives for fun.”Ned’s eyes widened comically. “You play with throwing knives for fun?”“Irrelevant, check this out.” Producing the webshooters from his bag, Ned stared as Peter clipped them around his wrists. They were thinner and more lightweight than his last set; more inconspicuous but able to hold just as much web fluid.“Whoa,” Ned breathed. A moment later, Peter flexed his wrist for the trigger to activate and a web shot out, attaching itself to ceiling. “No way. Did you make those?”“Yeah, me and T-” Peter fumbled over his words, “My dad,” he corrected. The more comfortable he became with Pepper, Tony and the life they led in their three-storey Manhattan house, the easier it became to trip over his words and almost let out his secret. He was, once, a secret agent – so it was amusing to him (but no one he worked with) that he found it so easy to let confidential information slip.“That’s so cool,” Ned said. “My dad’s an accountant. He can work an Excel document but he’d never be able to help me with coding.” Peter watched his friend eye the long strand of webbing that hung from the ceiling. “Why webs? Why not something electric – or knives, or guns or something?”Peter shrugged. “I have a spider shtick to fulfil.”“You want your thing to be spiders?” Ned asked. “I had to deal with the one in Maths that was crawling all over our desk because you freaked out at the sight of it!”Peter shuddered at the memory. “Spiders are creepy,” he reasoned. “But I already have the webshooters, and…” he trailed off, before climbing up to his feet. Peter checked out the window, briefly, spotting the SHIELD agents chatting over their coffees. His spider-sense wasn’t alerting him to any danger, but he didn’t know if it could alert him to recording devices. Still, Peter figured if they could hear him, someone would’ve already come to pick him up over the missing webshooters.Peter switched on the music on Ned’s laptop anyway.(Ned had given him no reason not to trust him.)(Ned’s background check was squeaky clean.)(Ned couldn’t even make Peter’s spider-sense go off, because Peter’s natural inclination was to trust him.)“Watch this,” Peter whispered.He moved so no one could see him through the window from the street and took one glance back at Ned’s confused expression before climbing up the wall and onto the ceiling. When he tilted his head back to look at Ned, he caught the wide eyes, dropped jaw and hushed no way before he grinned.“This is so cool! You’re like a superhero! Oh my god! You could be a superhero! You can fight and you can climb walls and- what else can you do? Can you fly? Can you turn invisible? This is why you were so calm when we were attacked on the field trip! You didn’t even hesitate to kick baddie butt because you’re a superhero! This is so awesome!”Peter flipped down from the ceiling, Ned now on his feet and practically vibrating with excitement. Peter felt very justified in turning on the music.“What else can you do, dude?”Peter listed them on his fingers. “I have this crazy cool advanced metabolism, so I heal really quick-”“Oh my god, this is why you eat so much at lunch. I’ve been watching you eat like six sandwiches at lunch for three months, wondering how the hell you stay so skinny. Dude, you almost gave me a complex.”Peter laughed and Ned grinned. “I’ve also got enhanced senses-”“Can you hear really well?” Peter nodded and Ned turned around, leading him to the window. “What are those guys saying down there?”Ned pointed to the SHIELD agents at the café and Peter rolled
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
There's literally nothing to tag this time
i dont think Peter even says Fuck
Fluff
best of friends best of friends

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

