Chapter 1: The art of eating an apple, and walking fast
    




Chapter Text
“..And don’t forget to grab you permission slip for fridays field trip” Mr. Harringtons toneless voice cut of Peters thoughts. Confused he looked around him which earned him a few glances from his classmates.
“Mr. Harrington where are we going?” Ned Leeds aka Peter Parker's guy in the chair and best friend through fire and ice said excited.
“I have gotten us a trip to Stark Industries!” Mr. Harrington said, for ones not with his usual tonless and boring voice but with a hot of excitement. The whole class, except Peter, started cheering. Peter felt the colour drain from his face and his mouth dropped. 
The famous Parker luck™ strikes again.
“Dude, that's amazing! I can finally meet the avengers, and see your lab!!” Ned said overly excited too Peter. Peter just groaned.  “Hey c’mon, it's not like something bad will happen” Ned added when he saw peters face.
“Are you kidding me? You know how I and field trips are! And Mr. Stark will totally embarrass me!!” Peter said puppy eyeing Ned
“Don't be such a buzzkill, I would gladly let the great Tony Stark embarrass me!” Ned said rolling his eyes.
“Why wou-” Peter didn't have the time to finish his sentence before Flash decided that it would be a good idea to talk.
“Hey Penis! Do we get too meet you pal Iron man?” Flash said with a not-so-nice smile. Peter sighed but choose to ignore him. “ Oh wait, you don't even know him ‘cause your little so called internship is fake!” Flash mocked
“Oh for the love of god Flash my internship is not fake!” Peter said, tired of Flash bullshit. Before Flash could say something more the bell rang and the students all took a permission slip and tried to exit the classroom at the same time. 
Peter, Ned and their friend, or whatever she was, all took it slow and waited for the others to exit before they even tried. When everything had calmed down the three of them each took a slip. 
“I mean i could just not give it to her..” Peter said quietly for himself
“nah, you are going on that trip Parker! I'll will tell your aunt so she can make you go.” MJ threatened. Peter sighed but he knew that the girl would do it, she was like that, if she wanted something she would do it.
So when Peter got home to his and Aunt May’s little apartment in Queens he put the slip on the fridge with an Iron Man magnet which he got from Iron Man, ironically. May wasn't going to get home until late tonight due to all her extra shifts to be able to feed both herself and Peter. 
Peter hated that he couldn't help her, he had tried getting a job if some fort but after 7 different jobs in the span of 2 weeks he quitted. But he did help May with everything else that needed to be done in the household like washing dishes, cleaning etc.
Tony had many times tried to help with the money but May didn't let him, often she muttered something along the lines “We’re not some goddamn charity case for goodness”. And since she now knew that Peter was Spiderman she didn't let Tony pay for the internship either (which Peter didn't let him) due to him making Peter a multimillion dollar suit. And even letting him live at the tower sometimes when May had to work.
May didn't love Tony, man she barely tolerated the guy. She was not happy when it was revealed that Tony let Peter go out and do Spiderman things but May knew Peter was stubborn and always wanted the best for everyone, so she let him. And she could see that Peter cared deeply for the billionaire and he cared deeply for Peter.
And Peters happiness was her priority.
And when May isn’t home Peter can go Spidermanning as much as he like. Which he was going to.
But first: Food
He was starving. Since the food in school today was gross and he didn't have the money to buy something to eat. 
After eating and doing whatever Spiderman does he instantly fell asleep in his bed. Getting his suit of in some magical way right before falling asleep, or in his sleep. He didn't really know. All he knew was that he didn't have the suit on when waking up just a little too late for school. 
The reminding 3 days til friday went smoothly, Flash keeped reminding him about the internship he apparently didn't have? Surprised? Not really. But otherwise Flash didn't really do much, he tripped him and pushed him into lockers but nothing as bad as it usually was. That made Peter happy, but at the same time he was he couldn't be calm. He felt like something bad would happen, something worse that the things he usually did. 
The calm before the storm.
The storm Peter later realised was the field trip.
Peter had absolute not told Tony about the trip, to scared he was going embarrass him or leak any of his secrets, or worse, realising Flash was bullying him. And yes, that was worse than his class getting to know he was Spiderman. 
                                                                                                                   --------------
The very-much-too-high alarm w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
ironson
spiderman - Freeform
ironman - Freeform
Peter Parker - Freeform
spiderson
Captain America - Freeform
Field Trip
SI
Stark Industries
Bullying
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
the avengers loves peter parker
Vision - Freeform
field trip to stark industries
Fluff
Embarrassing Family
Thor - Freeform
peter and loki are friends
Loki & Peter Parker Friendship
Trans Peter Parker
The Avengers Need a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Stucky - Freeform
Pepperony - Freeform
Stark Towers
Teen Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Peter Parker is Worthy
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Dysfunctional Family

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

