Work Text:

September 1941. Northern Transylvania.
Tony Stark didn't panic easily.  Less than an hour ago, he might've reasonably claimed that he didn't panic at all.  But he was falling, out of control, tumbling head over heels through howling darkness toward an impact he couldn't possibly survive.  Panic seemed like the sanest response.He struggled to move his hand toward the parachute release in the armor's chest plate, but the hydraulics were down and every inch of movement was now a test of strength and endurance.  The last lightning strike had fried his armor completely, turning the world's most advanced flying machine into little more than a human-shaped tin can.  Soon to become a flat tin can, if he didn't get the chute engaged.  Tony swore and wrenched his arm another painful inch closer to the release switch.  How far did he have to fall?  He'd been flying over the Carpathian Mountains; for all he knew, it was too late for the chute to do any good and he was about to be splattered over a picturesque Transylvanian peak.
Don't even think about that.  Just keep moving.
Lightning flashed in his peripheral vision, followed by a thunderclap before he had a chance to even start counting.  Too close, much too close.  He'd never survive another strike.  Tony gritted his teeth, moved his arm another inch, thought he felt the vibration of his gauntleted fingers scraping against metal.  No way to look down to see if he was anywhere near the release switch.  All he could do was flex his hand and hope for the best.The sudden upward jolt of the chute jarred every bone in his body and forced the breath from his lungs.  Tony's intended whoop of relief came out more like a strangled cough.  He didn't care, not as long as he could feel his fall slowing.  He was going to be black and blue from head to toe when he came down, but at least now there was a slim chance of him coming down in one piece.Another lightning bolt flashed, as close as the one before.  It seemed to come from somewhere below him, which made no sense at all, but then again, he could hardly tell up from down anymore.  Moments after the flash, something struck Tony's helmet with a dull thump that rattled his teeth.  More thumps followed in quick succession, making the entire armor vibrate.  Trees.  He was falling through trees, taking out branches on his way down.  Which meant he was going to hit the ground any minute n--He must've blacked out for a while, because the next thing he knew was numbing cold.  His mouth was full of water.  Tony coughed and spit, but more water rushed in before he could take a full breath.  The damn suit was flooding, he had to get out, had to get it off before he drowned...It was easier to move now that he was no longer in freefall, or maybe it was just the prospect of imminent watery death lending him strength.  It took only a few seconds for Tony to undo the fastenings at his right elbow and wriggle his arm out of the gauntlet.  With one hand free, everything else became easier.  He got the helmet off, the other gauntlet, the shoulder plating...  The more armor he removed, the more Tony felt the rush of the water around him.  He was neck-deep in a river, icy and rapid, swollen with the rain that was pelting him from above.  The bank was only inches away, but it was rocky and steep.  Tony would need to discard the rest of the armor to climb it.That was the theory, anyway.  In practice, Tony managed to get the chest and back plates off before it became clear that the current was too strong.  The remaining armor held him anchored, just barely, but if he freed his legs he'd be swept downstream.Panic welled up again, stronger than before.  Without the armor to serve as a buffer, the water's force was overwhelming.  It took all of Tony's strength just to keep his head above the surface, and with the rain still coming down, even that might not be an option for much longer.  He wondered what would get him first, drowning or hypothermia."Give me your hands!"Apparently, he was hallucinating.  The odds of hearing any human voice in this wilderness were low enough.  The odds of hearing an American voice, with a hint of Lower East Side cadence in the accent--"Give me your hands, now!"The words came a heartbeat ahead of another lightning bolt, more distant this time but still bright enough to illuminate a man-shaped silhouette crouched at the top of the riverbank, arms outstretched toward Tony.  If it was a hallucination, it was a remarkably vivid and consistent one.  Tony reached up, and felts large hands grip his wrists and pull.It hurt.  He was already battered from the crash, and the cold-water soak hadn't done his bruised muscles any favors.  Now his arms felt as if they would come out of their sockets before he came out of that damned river.  Tony tried to get a toe hold on the bank, but his armored legs were useless, good only for adding more weight to his waterlogged carcass."I can't climb!" he called out.  Maybe it would be be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

