Chapter 1: Prolog
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  Chapter 1: Prolog ”Explain once more why you need me to tag along.  This endeavor of yours, haven't you been at it long enough?  Norway can’t  possibly still hold any more secrets for you.  I think it’s high time you gave up, Thor.”Thor pretended not to hear that last part, as he adjusted his knapsack for what felt like the dozenth time since packing that morning.  The wear and tear of the past year had taken its toll on everything.  The straps had become prone to slipping free of their buckles.  It was bothersome, but he had grown attached to the damned bag.  It had been his constant travel companion and he kept his face impassive as he fixed it, perhaps so as not to hurt its feelings—inanimate objects were not always as inanimate as they seemed.Moreover, Loki had a habit of misinterpreting everything he did, willfully at times, and that included a scowl directed at an unrelated thing.“Brother, I want you to come,” he said.  He did, whether or not Loki believed it.  “Of course, I believe your talents will aid us in solving this mystery once and for all, but more than that… I think you might actually enjoy yourself."A waver in his voice betrayed fear, fear that Loki, so filled with resentment over their ongoing detention in New York, would still find doing  nothing  preferable to the suggestion there was  anything in Midgard worthy of his attention.  With a mirthless laugh, Loki tilted back his head with renewed interest in the ceiling, as though it was far more compelling than Thor’s invitation.  He took his time, lifting his chin as he traced the cracks, putting on a show.This script of theirs had grown tiresome: he would extend the invitation and Loki would snidely decline; it was like a checkpoint before every departure.Loki was in one of his moods.  Thor balled his fist around his knapsack, turning his attention to the wall to hem his irritation, though it did not really help.  Their apartment was nothing to look at:  good by New York standards, or so Thor had been told, but it was dreary.  The windows did not let in much light because they were flush against another building.  Now that autumn had set in and the weather was cooling, everything felt damp.  It was like living in a cave.For Loki, it was a cell.  He did not seem to know what a lamp was anymore.  Thor often returned to find the television as the sole illuminating glow, with Loki asleep in front of it, regardless of the time of day.Sometimes, when Thor came back to the apartment, he would turn off the television and fetch Loki’s pillow, leaving it by his head in case he rolled over.  Other times he would sit and let it play until his brother noticed he was there.They both liked HGTV.  It evened out their rough edges.  When they watched it together, it was easy to forget about everything that had gone wrong.  It gave them something to joke about, as they bonded over their shared hatred of open-concept layouts.  HGTV was, perhaps, the one thing they both liked about Midgard these days.When all this was over and they could freely and honorably return to New Asgard, he and Loki would be able to decorate their royal abode with genuine skill.  But for now, they lived in rooms too soulless to decorate.New Asgard itself was on another world, with weeks of travel between them without the Bifrost—Thor had originally intended to bring his people to Earth, but now he saw what a mistaken that would have been.  If bringing Loki here had not been absolutely necessary, Thor would not have done that either, but the spell he’d been taught to revive his brother required a location of paramount significance to both of them, and New York had been the best choice.  And it had worked.  Loki was alive.Alive and yet hardly so.And everything had gone wrong after that.Thor tried not to blame Loki when he was like this.  The terms of their bargain had not played out as they had been given.  For that, Thor blamed himself.  He had been a fool, he had such blind faith at the start.  He and Loki would please everyone, he was sure of it; they would all be satisfied once they saw how willingly his brother cooperated.They had—Loki had—been trapped here for too long.  His brother was becoming like a caged animal.Loki stretched against the arm of the sofa, arching his back, wrinkled his nose with distaste.  “And if this relic you seek does  not  exist—”“I am certain it does,” said Thor, cutting him short, though honestly, he was not certain of anything these days and Loki knew it better than anyone.  He tried to sound confident.  He was determined to set things right.Loki frowned.  He adjusted his back, wincing a little more than undetectably as he did.  His body seemed to constantly ache these days—more of their bargain gone sour.  The chains keeping Loki on Midgard did their job, but at a cost.  They did not discuss it.  Thor had given up asking.  Loki always lied 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Thor

freeform: 
Brothers
Family
Marvel Norse Lore
Slow Burn
Brodinsons
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Original Character(s)
Loki & Thor Friendship (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Mild Sexual Content
Pining
Mutual Pining
oh the pining!
Prime!Loki
Brothers bonding over time
Norway - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Thor

