Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James could feel a tiny smile on his face as he watched Tony Stark flail his hands in emphasis as he spoke. He didn’t understand most of what the man was saying but just watching him go was enough for now, maybe when he wound down a little bit James would ask him to explain slower.He felt an elbow nudge at his ribs so he looked over at Rogers who was eating probably about a dozen scrambled eggs and an entire loaf of toasted bread next to him. It would be gross if he didn’t know exactly what that felt like; he hated how much his metabolism required him to eat.He grunted to acknowledge Rogers who would probably keep elbowing him until he responded. The man didn’t understand that sometimes James just didn’t want to talk to him; he was always pushing at the places James would rather leave alone. He knew that they were childhood friends but he didn’t have most of those memories and so what Rogers found to be acceptable behavior around him was just too friendly for his own comfort; like the fact that the man insisted on calling him ‘Bucky’ no matter how many times he tried to explain how much he hated that nickname, it was childish and at the age ninety eight he had definitely out grown it.“That’s just Tony being Tony. Ignore him; if he sees he’s getting attention, he will literally never stop,” the fact that it was Steve saying that was almost like a slap to the face. James was reasonably sure that the little Stevie he remembered would never say something like that, especially when the person he was talking about was still in the room. He watched Stark's face fall from a happy and bubbly smile as he tried to describe the science behind the new body armor he had just finished for the team, it was like all emotion was suddenly gone; his own stomach about hit the floor as he watched what those words did to the man.James didn’t really know what had happened between the Avengers but it was like lines had been drawn in the sand, us and them. Banner was twitchy with everyone but his ‘science bro’, Steve and Natasha were cold with Stark, and Clint and Wanda were downright hostile towards the man. He hadn’t had any particular opinion about the man as a person, he was grateful to him for the pardon he fought for even when he didn’t have any reason to but Stark was always so busy that he almost never saw him; James was sure he didn’t like any of the attitudes going around this place though.This was the first time in probably a week that Stark had even stepped out of that la- workshop (it doesn’t sound so scary if it’s a workshop). The genius had grease all over his hands and a stain on each of his thighs where he kept trying to rub it off, but heavy duty mechanical grease was going to need heavy duty soap so really he was just making a mess. Stark also had hair sticking in every direction and just a generally disheveled look about him, it was almost cute when he had all of the manic joy of a whirling dervish but now he just looked sad and tired.For some reason that made a rage boil low in James’s belly; he wasn’t great at emotions yet, sometimes he still felt more machine than man. He did know that he wanted to sock Steve Rogers in the jaw for being such an ass; he also knew that that wouldn’t make anything better.He could punch Steve later, under the pretence of ‘training’. Right now he was going to try and fix that kicked puppy look on Stark's face because he hated that look more than anything else he had seen since he came here.“Did you think Rogers, that maybe I was interested in hearing how the body armor worked?” He growled, but really most of the time his voice could be described as a growl, this time though he had a snarl on his lips. He was feeling very protective of Tony Stark right now and hated the way everyone talked about the man. He only just realized they spoke the same way right to his face, James wished he had been paying more attention to the situation but he had only just gotten his head screwed on right, “I mean, it’s not like it’s the only thing between me and a bullet when I’m out in the field,” And that was even true, he had been cleared for field duty last week after almost six months under a microscope, though it hadn’t been even close to the real reason he was angry, “And besides that, could you have been any more rude?”Tony looked bewildered, blinking back and forth at them with those big brown doe eyes. He looked so confused by the idea that someone might actually want to hear about the things he made, James was going to change that. He was realizing all kinds of things today, like how much of a dick Rogers had become and how adorable Tony Stark was, he wanted to swaddle Tony up and keep him safe and happy.“Bucky! I’m not being rude-”He didn’t even bother to listen to what ever garbage might come out of Rogers’ mouth next, instead he slid off his stool at the kitchen island, “Come on doll, how’s about I buy you breakfast and in return you tell me all about it?”“Doll?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes-centric
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Flash Fic
Fluff
First Dates
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

