Work Text:
Steve sat in the kitchen staring at the spot where Toni had disappeared with Strange. His mind was quarreling with itself as several thoughts fought for his attention at once. Unable to hold them back, they flickered through his brain so fast that he could barely catch the few he did.

Howard was abusive?


Toni was tortured?


Toni had kids?


Toni was pregnant?

Shaking his head to try to clear it, Steve got up from his chair, breakfast long forgotten. He stumbled towards the door and headed towards the only place he could think straight. 
Unfortunately, the gym was already occupied when he arrived. Bucky twirled amongst holograms, two knives in hand as he engaged them in a deadly dance. He growled as he slashed ones throat and stabbed another through the chest without missing a beat. Steve had no doubt that Buck knew he was there, but he made no move of acknowledgment. 
It wasn’t until the holograms had all been killed that Bucky finally turned to Steve. 
“What do you need?” He asked gruffly, and Steve had to hold back a flinch at the Russian accent tinting the words proving he was more Winter Soldier than his best friend at the moment.
“I-I don’t know,” Steve admitted. “I think I made a big mistake.”
Bucky snorted, flipping his blades up into the air and catching them. “You think?”
Wincing, Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “How did you know it was Toni in the story?”
Stiffening slightly, all of the aggression seemed to drain out of his friend. “I had my suspicions the moment she mentioned Howard.”
”What do you mean?” Steve asked.
”You have to understand, Stevie, that Howard’s abuse was bad. Like, so bad that HYDRA never went after Toni because they were too scared. HYDRA, scared.” Buck scoffed. “There should have been no way for her to survive the beatings he dealt out, but she did, and they were terrified of her because of it. Of course, now I know...” he drifted off seemingly lost in thought.
”Howard wouldn’t have done that,” he protested, suddenly itching for a fight.
”Maybe not when you knew him,” Bucky agreed amiably, causing the animosity to evaporate from Steve. “But war changes people. You left, and Howard spent most of his time looking for you. He wanted a son, maybe trying to replace you, maybe because of the political climate, no one knows. But he got Toni, a daughter, and snapped. If it weren’t for the fact that he only ever preyed upon her, HYDRA would have tried to recruit him. As it was, they always had tabs on him.”
”You think that Toni was telling the truth?” Steve inquired incredulously. 
“I don’t think, I know,” he said with a shrug. “I’m the Winter Soldier, I know how to tell when someone is lying, and everything Toni said was true.”
”Even the stuff with Death?” He couldn’t help but sound doubtful.
”Especially the stuff with Death. You know actual gods, the god of thunder for fuck’s sake. Is it really that hard to believe there is a goddess of death?”
“Why wouldn’t Toni have told me any of this?” Steve argued.
”Officially? I don’t know. Off the record, I think she knew that you two wouldn’t last.”
Steve straightened at that. “I have to go talk to her.”
”No,” Buck barked. “You don’t. She’s busy at the moment.”
Frowning, Steve looked at his friend. “Yes, I do. I need to explain myself, show her why I did what I did.”
”No you don’t,” Bucky repeated. “If she wants to see you, that’s her prerogative. But you shouldn’t force her to listen to you.”
”But I-“ Steve began again, when Bucky punched him. Hard. He gasped, raising his hand to feel his jaw.
”No, you really don’t. And I won’t stand by and let you hurt her again, friend or not. Go talk to Rhodes if it’s that important.” With that, he spun on his heel a stalked out of the room, muttering. Steve was pretty sure he heard “Goddamn idiot...pregnant....murderer.”
Slumping, Steve dragged his hands over his face. It was all such a mess. He decided to follow Bucky’s advice and find the one person who probably knew Toni best. With a deep breath, Steve left the gym in search of Rhodey.
*********
Fortunately, Rhodey wasn’t that hard to find. Unfortunately, he wasn’t alone. He was in the common room, sitting at the attached bar with Danvers. They were chatting quietly, watching Steve’s team who were sprawled on the couches trying to decide what movie to watch. A blanket of silence fell over the residents as Steve entered.
It was Rhodey who broke the silence. “So she finally told you?” At Steve’s nod, he continued. “Good. You should know exactly how bad you hurt her.”
Ignoring his team’s questions, Steve rasped out. “Was she really pregnant?”
Rhodey sighed. “So that’s where we’re going with this?” 
“Who was pregnant?” Sam ventured cautiously.
Both men didn’t answer him in favor of engaging in a staring contest. Finally, Steve glanced away a little ashamed. 
Apparently satisfied, Rhodey answered him. “Yeah, she was.” He got up and walked behind the bar with a slight whirring of his braces. He reached for a glass and poured himself a gen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & New Avengers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Extremis
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Hurt Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Female Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Not Beta Read
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Implied/Referenced Abuse
past pregnancy
Tony Stark-centric

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & New Avengers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

