Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
It was a crisp chilly December evening.  Stray flakes of snow could be seen falling in the lights of the city.  Tony Stark sat in front of the desk in his office at the new Avengers facility in Upstate, New York, reading over the same paragraph in the dull contract Pepper was making him read. To be honest, his mind was actually miles away, thinking about the beloved woman that was forcing him to do this mind numbing stask, and the vacacion to the Bahamas they were leaving for in just two days. With everything being so busy planning a wedding and running the Stark Industries business, the two had decided to take a much needed get away for Christmas.  But Pepper insisted that he read and sign these last few contracts before they left. His first instinct would be to just scan the pages for signature and initial spots and leave it at that; but ever since that time the business lost $104,000 dollars (chump changes in Tony’s opinion) because he didn’t read the fine print on the contract close enough. Well, lets just say Pepper has her ways of making sure he now reads every sentence before signing.Which leads us back to why he’s staring glassy eyed at the same paragraph for the last ten minutes.  Tony rubbed a hand over his face, in an attempt to re engage with the task at hand. God this was a snooze fest.  Maybe he should call it a night, and finish it up tomorrow. Or maybe just get a bit of scotch to help him get the rest of the way through the current contract.Before he could debate any more on which was the better option, his phone next to him lit up indicating an incoming call.  Glancing down at the screen, he saw the name and goofy face of Peter Parker show up. The man rolled his eyes, but still smiled fondly.  The kid probably wanted to tell him about something that happened on his patrol this evening. The kid still mostly gave his reports to Happy, but every once in awhile when something kind of big or out of the ordinary happened, he would call Tony as well.Tony allowed the call to go to voicemail as usually.  He always listened to the kids messages later when he had time.  Ever since the Vulture incident happened a little over a year ago, Tony had attempted to be more involved with the kid, with not too much success.  (Hey he would be the first to admit to not being a grade A mentor), but he still paid a bit more attention to the reports Happy transferred to him, which is a lot more than what he did before the Vulture incident.  And he made more of an effort to call and check in with the kid… at least once every … two months? And he even had the kid come over to facility a couple times for suit upgrades. The last time mind you, he reactivated the A.I. installed with his suit.  The boy was ecstatic. So Tony still counted all that as a win. With a shake of his head, Tony went back to the task at hand.  This boring stack of papers, absently waiting for the ping sound from his phone, indicating a new voicemail message.  After about ten minutes he suddenly realized that the sound never happened. A slight frown formed on his lips. That was… odd.  The man tried to recall a time when the kid called but left no message, and he couldn’t.Chalking it up to some random teenage angst, or something, Tony once again went back to reading the contract in front of him. He finally managed to start reading the next paragraph down the page, and was stuck on that paragraph for the next twenty minutes. But it was for a different reason this time.  He began to get a prickly feeling on his skin, the kind you get when you feel like your being watched. And he was. Something was crawling outside the window that Tony’s back was facing. It was small, and looked shadowy against the dark night sky. It stared at him for a moment before crawling out of site. Tony turned around to look at the now empty window.  The hair on the back of his neck stood up, despite the fact that he saw nothing there.  His eyes returned to the paper, and seconds later the shadowy figure returned. Crawling across the window, and again out of site.  Tony quickly swung around just in time to catch a glimpse of it before it was out of sight. The billionaire then swiveled his chair around so he could stare intently at the window, waiting for whatever it was to show up again.By chance the shadowy figure was now peeking through the window on the other side of the building now.  It waved a tiny dark arm, as if trying to draw attention on itself. But when it didn’t work, it crawled out of sight again, just in time for Tony to swing around again, and see nothing but a blank dark window.The sudden sharp noise of his phone ringing, gave Tony quite a jump that he would never admit to anyone.  The caller ID showed Pepper Potts, and the billionaire immediately answered it. Although he was still quite distracted at figuring out what exactly was creeping on him, and was it hostel? “Hi babe,” he greeted distractedly, turning around yet ag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Baby Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Age Regression/De-Aging
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Irondad
spiderson
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark is bad with Kids
But He Gets Better
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Descriptions of Body Fluids
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Not Beta Read
Not comic book compliant
Corporal Punishment
very brief - Freeform
Sick Peter Parker
Character Study
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Use of rectal thermometer

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

