Chapter 1: To Lie
    


Notes:
I would dial the numbersJust to listen to your breathI would stand inside my hellAnd hold the hand of deathYou don't know how far I'd goTo ease this precious acheYou don't know how much I'd giveOr how much I can takeJust to reach you...

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 January, 1938 
It’s January and Steve is sick, real sick. That’s nothing new – it never has been - but this is one of those times where Bucky knows it’s worse than normal. He’s fevered, and one breath too quickly brings on an asthma attack that leaves his tiny body wracked with shudders and causes him to curl in on himself. There are the symptoms; the ones that Bucky doesn’t want to admit out loud because it would mean that word again – that word that scares him to death because it represents the very real threat of that very same outcome for Steve. He tells himself it isn’t that - it isn’t pneumonia - and Steve will get better. Because Steve always gets better, and for all his fragility and illnesses in the world, he has always found a way to pull through.The last time it was that bad, their priest had actually come by the orphanage and read his best friend his last rites. That had pissed Bucky off – it was as if this guy had been there to look Steve in the eye and tell him, “I don’t think you’re strong enough to shake it.” Bucky remembers sitting by Steve’s bed and holding his hand and he’d been terrified, so terrified, but that was a secret he liked to think he hid well from Steve.So as Steve had lied there and asked the priest if he was going to die, Bucky had answered before the Father had the chance, and snapped that the blond was being stupid; he wasn’t allowed to because he still owed Bucky a dollar from several years prior. Fuck what the priest had to say – there was no way that Steve was going to die on his watch.  The Nuns admonished Bucky for being insensitive. But Steve had just smiled at him, weak and pale and please God, if you’re up there, you’re not allowed to take him. Not him.In so many ways, Steve understood Bucky Barnes like no one else did.So he keeps telling himself now that Steve’s going to get better. In the meantime, Bucky ensures that their cots are pushed together in their tiny bedroom, and Steve has long since stopped complaining about having to strip off his clothing every night before bed so that Bucky can wrap him up in his arms and let their skin-on-skin contact preserve as much body heat as they can. After everything they’ve been through, there’s nothing uncomfortable about it anymore. They’re practically brothers, always have been.And that’s exactly why Bucky has to do everything in his power to keep Steve safe.He’s never had to ask himself, ‘What would I do for Steve Rogers?’ The answer has always been crystal clear; since the day he saw a Steve who was much younger and impossibly smaller and no doubt weaker (but somehow, still just as gutsy and stubborn) than he is now… Who was getting hit, and hit, and hit, and the stupid kid just wouldn’t stay down. No, he’d have to get the last word – and of course, that’d only ever lead to another punch. Bucky was James back then, and James didn’t know why he felt compelled to go help him. He thinks it has to do with the fact that he, too, has never liked bullies – but he also isn’t afraid to admit (to himself) that there was just something about Steve that naturally drew the brunet to him.The first time he stepped in and saved his hide, they’d started a series of actions they’d both repeated ever since, and Bucky has no doubt that they will continue to repeat them until they both have earned their laughter lines. So no, sorry punk, Steve isn’t allowed to get pneumonia again. Bucky doesn’t think he can handle it.But then Steve’s inhaler starts running low. And that cough is getting worse and the sound of his lungs rattling with every breath is actually keeping Bucky up at night. And that means they’ll have to get medication, because if it is the beginnings of that word Bucky refuses to think of, then their best shot is to nip it in the bud before it gets worse. Bucky will have to save up some money from his work on the docks; money that Bucky doesn’t have, but he’ll find a way – he will – because he has to do everything in his power to keep Steve safe.But then Bucky loses his job. It isn’t Bucky’s fault, nor is it the fault of the other fourteen people who showed up only to be sent back home within the first half hour. “Times are tough,” they’re told. “Money’s tight and we can’t afford to pay everyone.”So the people less important have to go and Bucky has only been working there for two months. He doesn’t even need to be told that his name is on that list; Eddie Raymer is stomping off, muttering curses and something about the whole thing being bullshit, and he’s been there twice as long as Bucky has.So Bucky just turns around and leaves as quickly as he’d arrived.When he gets back 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Feels
Bottom Steve
Hurt Steve
Virgin Steve
Starbucks
Forced Masturbation
Blackmail
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Feels
Dubious Consent
Internalized Homophobia
Homophobia
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Violence
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Protective Steve Rogers
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
Dirty Talk
Top Bucky Barnes
Stucky - Freeform
steve x bucky - Freeform
World War II
War Era
Super Soldier Serum
Project Rebirth
Heterosexual Sex
In chapters 5 and 7
References to hetero sex and foreplay sprinkled throughout
Mostly before Bucky comes to terms with his sexuality
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

