Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony ran. He ran until there was a stitch in his side, until the air in his lungs was burning, until his heart beat so hard that he could hardly see a thing outside of white mist and lunging shadows.And then he ran some more, because Brock Rumlow and the rest of his so-called Strike Team weren’t letting up at all. It was hardly fair, given that the little gang of Alpha-holes were encouraged to run sports and do track and field, and omegas like Tony were not.What the hell reason should Tony, a posh and pretty little omega, need to the ability to get away. It wasn’t like he was going to reject someone like Brock, all Alpha’s alpha, big and strong and smelly. Was he?Yeah, right.Obviously the person who decided on the rules and what was appropriate behavior and what an omega would really want were either Alphas themselves, or had never met anyone like Brock.Personally, Tony was beginning to hope his heart would explode and spare him the indignity. And soon, because they were catching up to him.It shouldn’t have gotten so bad, Tony thought. He crouched near the side of a tree, hands in the bush around him, using the scrawny branches to hold himself up.There were laws and rules and custom, and Tony was supposed to be protected, and just because he’d gone to a special school, he wasn’t the first one to try to break the mold, that had been done over and over since the sixties, and he just wanted to learn engineering, was that so bad, not go to the normal schools for omegas and betas to be sheltered and protected -- a lot of betas went to the Alpha schools, too, it wasn’t like he was the only one.And he’d gone into heat.He wasn’t supposed to. According to his calendar, he had a whole other week before he should consider taking a day off from school. The first day was always worst, and he’d been lucky a few times recently that it’d already been the weekend. Or, once, over the Christmas holidays. He was young, he was unbound, he only went into heat once a season or so, it wasn’t that bad, missing one day -- or two days -- every three or four months, right?Except that he’d started unexpectedly. Maybe it was the failure in lab and the self-indulgent crying fit with chocolate ice cream that he’d indulged in that had triggered him, but around lunch that day, Tony started noticing that he was getting looks.Looks with intent.Double takes.Even from the damn teachers, some of whom were alphas, even if they were kinda fat and lazy bound Alphas. No unbound Alpha could be trusted to teach a class with Omega students, so the saying went, and Tony thought that was just more secondary sexist bullshit, they weren’t animals, were they?Tony caught a hint of Rumlow’s scent in the air and was willing to reconsider the idea that maybe Alphas were animals. Pigs, perhaps.Snakes.Pond scum.Well, pond scum wasn’t really an animal, was it. More like a weed. Or, you know, mildew. Something gross and slimy.“Well, there you are, little meggie,” Rumlow said, grabbing hold of Tony’s upper arm out of goddamn nowhere.“Leave me alone,” Tony yelled, yanking his arm away. He managed it, but only barely, and he was pretty sure he was going to have goddamn Rumlow fucking fingerprints embedded in his bicep, and how was that for being marked?Better, he thought, looking up into Rumlow’s brilliant brown eyes, than the alternative.“Don’t know what the fuss is all about,” Rumlow said, grabbing Tony again and pulling him in, until Tony was up against Rumlow’s chest, toes barely scraping the ground. “We all know what you Megs want, don’t we? Just a strong Alpha to take care of you--”“Well, if you see one, let me know,” Tony said, struggling to get away, because god damnit, it was supposed to be his choice and he didn’t want Rumlow.Which seemed to be exactly the damn problem. He was in heat, he was supposed to want anyone with a knot to fuck him until he couldn’t see, wasn’t that right?Tony got another whiff of Rumlow’s rut-smell.No. It wasn’t right at all, apparently, because Tony did not want that, he didn’t want Rumlow touching him, and dear fucking Christ, he didn’t want Rumlow’s goddamn knot anywhere near him.Tony stared up at Rumlow’s face and it was all he could do not to cry, scream, panic. Because he was going to get claimed, wasn’t he? Right here, right now, by an Alpha he couldn’t stand and then Howard was going to talk about how it was best, and he’d cut Rumlow a check and make Tony move out, like he was fucking disgraced.The rest of Rumlow’s pack caught up, wild-eyed and eager, snarling like a passel of junkyard dogs. They didn’t even seem human to Tony anymore, just beasts, beast that wanted to tear him apart, and Tony considered throwing himself on Rumlow’s mercy. Just you, he thought desperately, maybe if it’s just you, I can stand it.Rumlow ducked his chin and kissed Tony roughly, all scraping teeth and thrusting tongue and Tony coughed and spluttered and fucking bit down, because god damn it, no, he said no, he didn’t--
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Implied Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Attempted Sexual Assault
Rumlow is a bitch Alpha
Chasing
first heat
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Aftercare
Tony is a BRAT
Protective Bucky Barnes
discussion of suicide
Torture
Angst
Minor Character Death
Pregnancy
Minor Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Morning Sickness

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

