Work Text:
 No one ever sees Bucky.Now that it’s been confirmed over, and over, and over again that he isn’t Steve’s Bucky, no one really knows what to do with him, and like all things people don’t know what to do with but can’t get rid of, they ignore it.Bucky’s fine with it, really. It gives him time, actually. Space.Without Hydra or Steve’s expectations, Bucky has choices, and in this new millennium, there are almost too many to count.Being ignored, being invisible – it’s like being allowed to breathe for the first time – and he takes it in big gulps, wondering only vaguely if it’s possible to drown on too much oxygen. Even if everyone looks at him warily on the occasion that they do notice him, Bucky has found that this is the closest thing to free as he’s ever going to get. Without cryo or the darkness that has become his haunt, the world is brighter and fuller than any memory, warped or otherwise, that Bucky owns, and it’s glorious and wonderful and…lonely.Without Hydra, he has no one charged with keeping watch over him, standing guard. Without Steve, there is no hope amongst the Rogues for their camaraderie because to them, he was only ever Steve’s.Around the Compound, Bucky moves like the ghost that made up the Winter Soldier’s lore; he uses it to his advantage.He watches the way others interact, catalogs, takes it apart, and wonders if he’ll ever have the way people smile at each other; the way they listen, the way they notice. Absently, he bites into what is probably his forth plum of the morning, and wonders.The New Avengers are cautiously accepting, and as the newer members are just kids – “We’re seventeen, practically adults,” Riri’s told Steve off more than once before – they poke and prod at him curiously. But the kids, who Bucky takes to almost immediately, are only ever around the Compound on weekends, on-and-off during the week and during school breaks, and though they come charging through the Compound to “hang out” with him on occasion, they don’t linger long.Not when their unofficial mentor is Tony Stark: Tony Stark who embodies the future. Tony Stark who is larger than life. Tony Stark who is seen.It’s easy to not notice Bucky with Tony around. He doesn’t blame them. Not one bit.All the news networks cycle through the recent attack; buildings are burning, and blasters are being shot, there’s smoke and dust swirling in the air as the noise of cars being thrown, scaffolding collapsing and the tell-tale groan and creak of a bridge on the break, crackle through the speakers.The ominous shadow of an alien spacecraft hovers in the distance.It would be horrifying and post-Apocalyptic if it hadn’t been like every other Thursday.Bucky clicks to the next channel, catching a reporter say, “…these invasions are increasing in frequency” as the screen plays out Iron Man flying through the spacecraft like a crimson bullet before flashing back to the media circus that took place sometime after.Tony is unmoved by the accusation, standing tall and looking them in the eye as he speaks, “We knew this was going to happen, and we’ve done all we can to mitigate the damage. All first responders are being appropriately outfitted and trained accordingly, and we’re doing our best to ensure that our defenses on the ground are prepared while areas of safety have been identified and secured.”Still dressed in his flight suit, Iron Man helmet under his arm, a cut slicing his cheek open in a snarl, Tony assures, “Our sources have confirmed that no loss of life has occurred in this instance and we’re lucky that no one was seriously injured. While the attacks are increasing as you noted, our response time is as well. We will get through this. Rest assured, we are doing everything we possibly can.”Another click, and again, Tony is there: Expression carefully neutral as he sits before a panel of US Congressmen being asked why he won’t provide any Stark Tech weapons for the cause against the aliens – and in the same breath – what his stance is on the war going on with the Middle East. His smirk is lazy, his answer sharp.Another click and he’s standing before the Accords Council, watching the members go into semantics over the Guardians’ jurisdiction on Earth, before parting his lips to cut through their shit.And another, and another, and another.Every single talking head tries to make Tony look bad, and in every single one, he’s unwavering.The Iron Man suit isn’t the only armor Tony owns. There are downsides to being seen, after all. Bucky doesn’t envy him.With his chin raised and his eyes steady, Tony is defiant, but not uncompromising as he placates and cajoles like it doesn’t exhaust him to have to constantly defend how he’s trying to save the world. Tony is much the same in the Compound, even surrounded by comrades. Not that they’re all that different to the people berating Tony on every news site and station.There are still people torn between the camps of “Rogers” and “Stark” thanks to the mess of the Civil War two ye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
so many feelings
Tony Deserves Nice Things
bucky deserves nice things
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
they both deserve nice things
Why do people keep hurting them?
Italian Tony
Italian Peter
slight language kink
Italian terms of endearment
Pre-slash trash
This fic is so soft
someone save me
pining Bucky
Lonely Bucky
Tony needs a break
They've both been through too much
someone needs to hug these boys

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

