Work Text:
The fight was not yet won, but Captain America was feeling a little odd. Specks of pollen were clinging to his eyelashes, in his hair where the cowl had been ripped, sticking to the exposed skin of his cheeks and around his mouth. Some had been on his mouth, but despite every instinct crying out to be careful, he’d licked his lips compulsively, until the honey-like taste was gone. And now he was flushed- color staining across his cheeks and the bridge of his nose. (Not that they could see, behind the cowl, but Steve could feel it.) He also felt overly warm, his chest feeling a little tight, and heat curling low in his belly, like- no, not like- it was arousal. And that wasn’t a good thing. Not for the situation, anyways.Steve firmly tried to get his head back in the game and he threw his shield, to take out some henchmen that were coming up on Luke. Then, Steve caught his shield, but it was out of habit more than anything, because now his focus was on staring at Luke. And taking in the lines of his body through his shirt and his jeans. Steve licked his lips again and closed his eyes briefly. What was the matter with him, anyways?Steve reached up, rubbed the pollen from his eyelids, though he was pretty sure all he’d accomplished was rubbing it into his skin. He reminded himself he needed to be more careful. Flickering in and out of actually being useful for combat, Steve lunged, knocking Spider-Man to the ground to prevent him from getting hit with a blast of pollen. Steve felt it settle on his back- but it was nothing compared to the feeling of Spider-Man beneath him.Steve’s breath caught, a little, and he scrambled off of Spider-Man before it got embarrassing. His pants, such as it was, were rather tight and he wasn’t going to be able to hide his reactions for long. Steve swallowed a few times and reached up to rub at his throat. Luckily, the gloves were thick enough to diminish most of the sensory input. He closed his eyes for several long moments, and tried to breath.Steve had to get out of here. If he didn’t get out of here... something was going to happen. He drew in a breath, which suddenly felt ragged, and then clenched his fists tightly. Steve focused on breathing- in, then out- until he had some modicum of control. Barely.“Luke.” Steve said his name, it sounded far breathier than he’d meant it to. Luke glanced at him and Steve struggled to keep his thoughts on an appropriate path. But all that muscle, and he couldn’t hurt Luke and- no, no, no.“Yeah, Cap?” Luke said, like he didn’t notice anything was wrong. Steve shook his head to clear it, like a dog drying itself off.“There’s something- something in the pollen. It’s- I don’t know, making me feel- strange.” Steve’s words were stilted, not quite fumbling, but like he was having a difficult time speaking. He was, kind of. It was hard to form the words to get his point across, when his body wanted him to just tell Luke he could do whatever he wanted to him. He gritted his teeth.“Don’t let it hit you, take her down fast. I- I’m having a reaction and I can’t- I have to go.” Steve’s voice was pitched a little lower than normal. Almost like he was telling a secret, except not quite. The flush was traveling, Steve could feel it as it climbed down his neck. And leather was pressing him everywhere and he had to...He had to get out of here. “Be careful. Don’t get hit. You can handle this, just- I’m sorry but I...” And Captain America left. He couldn’t take the Quinjet, because the rest of the team was going to need it. But he had to leave, so he took to the rooftops, to avoid running in to anyone.Luke gave orders through the communicator and Steve groaned quietly as he ran, had to push off his cowl to get the voice out of his ear. Too intimate, like that, everything closing in. Despite the chill up here, Steve wasn’t cooling down at all.Luckily, on the rooftops, he made it back to the mansion with no incidents. Steve didn’t run in to anyone at all, which was a blessing and also a curse. He felt so needy and he needed- what he needed. There wasn’t anyone who could give it to him.He hadn’t, exactly, been focused on building a relationship. Other things had taken precedence, saving the world, Avenging, that sort of thing. A vocation and a purpose and it’d been enough. He had friends, and most of the time he could take the edge off by himself. No one he cared enough about to form a relationship with was worth the risk of jeopardizing the friendship by asking.He wasn’t sure taking the edge off would work though. He got to his room and hurried out of his uniform. Showered to maybe try and get the pollen off. But he’d inhaled it, he’d also consumed it by licking his lips, and he’d rubbed it into his skin. And all it did was make him want even more...Hands sliding along his skin, fingernails against his flesh, hands in his hair and on his body... oh god. His shower was an exercise in will. He finally got himself cleaned, out of the shower. But he was stil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Armor sex
Sex Pollen

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

