Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 If You Ask No Questions 
Part 2 of Dead Men WalkingThis isn’t what Peter should be doing when out on patrol.Patrolling is for Spider-Man to exercise the great responsibility that comes along with his power. Patrol is for saving people and cleaning up the streets so that New Yorkers can walk back from their jobs in peace, knowing that their safety is being looked after by someone capable.But it’s ten o’clock on a Thursday evening and Peter isn’t even keeping one ear open for cries of help. Instead, he’s plastered to the brick wall of a high-rise in Carnegie Hill, hovering just under a windowsill on the fortieth floor and shrouded in shadows like the spider he is. With studious intent, he peeks through the glass and into the condominium.It’s a beautiful home, decorated with antique pieces that Peter can’t place. Clean and well-maintained, it almost looks like a museum, save for the sobbing woman sitting in a crimson settee.Peter’s heart twists uncomfortably as he watches her long flaxen hair shiver with each heave of her shoulders.Mrs. Goldstein looks devastated.When she lifts her head to gaze listlessly at the fireplace, Peter almost retreats further into the shadows. He wants nothing more than to hide. The guilt he feels is overwhelming.In her living room, Mrs. Goldstein delicately dabs at her nose with a cloth handkerchief. For a moment, it seems as though her sobs are going to stop. But she just breathes in a shaky breath, then bursts out into tears—these even more violent than the last. The tears roll down her face into the lace collar of her fitted dress and her husband, in his suit with a broken expression, walks up behind her to press a hand to her hair in comfort.They’re both dressed in black. Mourning.Rightly so.Esther’s memorial service had taken place just this afternoon. The cemetery had been brimming with visitors. Almost as busy as the reception had been afterward. Esther was only a little girl; she hadn’t had the chance to meet many people in her short life. However, Esther’s parents were well connected. The Goldsteins’ wealth seemed to have beckoned funeral-goers more than honey does flies. Masses of people, dressed in black and adorned with gold, had been in attendance to pay respect to Esther’s memory.It warmed Peter as much as it disgusted him.That so many people would take time out of their busy lives to remember someone was baffling to Peter, who could count the number of people he interacted with on one hand. That so many people could even bear to lay a flower on Esther’s coffin, knowing she’d died tragically, but unwilling to find the culprit, made Peter sick.How could they put her to rest when her killer was still out there?Peter’s not naïve.Stark Tower crumbled. With it, the bodies—dead, dead, dead; all his fault; God, they had jobs, they had friends, they had family, but they deserved it—researchers or whoever they were, burned to ashes alongside the nine children they tortured. All in flames. No bodies to recover.But also, no resolution.Peter doesn’t even know who was inside of the building when he and Deadpool had gone inside on a failed rescue mission. He doesn’t know what their names were. He doesn’t know what goals they had. He doesn’t know who their leader was.Inside the living room, Mrs. Goldstein wipes at her face and gets up. She’s hunched over, looking twice her age, as she shakes her head and leaves, presumably to get ready for another night in a world where her daughter is gone. It’s the bathroom, Peter guesses. In his head, he conjures an image of Esther, snotty-nosed and petulant sitting on a toilet holding a tattered Elmo doll. It’s fake, of course, nothing but Peter’s imagination. But the image strikes him so hard that he can’t breathe. He can almost feel the cold tile under her feet and the soft fabric of Elmo’s body in her small hands.Mr. Goldstein watches her go, hand swiping over his face harshly.Behind Peter, just a half a block down is a car accident. Peter hears the screech of tires, then a metallic crunch. Blinking, he turns to face toward the sounds, just when he hears two doors slam and two sets of voices start screaming out abuse at each other.No one’s hurt then.When Peter turns back to the window, he sees Mr. Goldstein going to the door with a harried look on his face.Peter shifts a bit to see him properly.Mr. Goldstein is rather short. His strides, in turn, are rather short. When he walks to the door, he takes fast little steps, looks into the peephole, then pulls his hair in frustration. He opens the door carefully and seems to whisper a greeting.Peter can’t quite hear him through the wall. He might have picked up a word or two if the sirens of police cars, no doubt answering the calls of the car accident behind him, weren’t so loud in his ear.Peter doesn’t particularly want to hear though. He doesn’t know what he’d do if he knew the voices of Mr. and Mrs. Goldstein—if they were humanized even more in his head than they alre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Strong Language
Light Dom/sub
Soft Dom Wade
Unvoiced Daddy Kink
Daddy Kink
Bad Dirty Talk
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Rimming
Consent is Sexy
Kinks
Sane Wade Wilson
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Sugar Daddy Wade Wilson
Canon Divergence
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Established Relationship
Developing Relationship
OOC
Porn With Plot
Goofy Wade
2000s References
Millennial Slang
90s References
all the references
Size Kink
Wade sings badly
Insecure Wade
Insecure Peter
Jealous Wade Wilson
Precious Peter Parker
Jealousy
Possessive Wade Wilson
Possessive Peter Parker
Deadpool has Depth
Weasel is SO onto all of Peter's tricks
Cancer
Sick Character
not a main character
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Weasel is still a bro
Weasel is a smart mofo
Weasel is sexually preoccupied
Oh Dopinder
Brat!Peter
starbucks addiction
frappuccino is a main character

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

