Chapter 1: I suck at intros
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
AUTHOR’S NOTEThe first chapter is short. Sorry
 “Ok kids, now remember, I want you all on your best behaviour when we visit Stark Tower today ok? Please hand in your permission slips before we go over the rules”    There was a rustling as 23 teenagers handed slips of paper to the teacher at the front of the classroom. Peter grimaced as Flash Thompson shot a triumphant smirk at him. Peter had been adopted by Tony Stark 7 months ago after Aunt May died in a car accident. Peter hadn’t actually  told  anyone he had been adopted by Tony because,

No one would believe him, and;
He would have to give a reason as to why Tony Hecking Stark had adopted a nobody like Peter Parker.
He decided to just tell everyone he was Tony’s intern. Simpler that way.
So because of the above, no one but Ned and MJ knew the Peter is technically Peter Parker Stark. Of course, his classmates had been told that he was an intern at SI, but no one actually believed him. He had also asked the Avengers to keep it a secret, so hopefully no one would find out today.    “So, the rules,” continued the teacher, Mr Flanders, “Um, yes, I have them right here. So the rules are;

Do not go anywhere without the express permission of the Tour Guide.
Nothing is to be touched without permission.
If you see the Avengers, you must not engage, and maintain a respectful distance.
No photos or videos are to be taken of the avengers.
Do not interact with the Stark Tower AI.
Stay together.
And so if we have that settled, we can go. Any questions?”    One hand shot up into the air. The hand in question belonged to Flash.    “Does Peter really have an internship there?” He asked with a cat-who-caught-the-canary grin on his face.    “I do not know, Mr Thompson, so you’ll just have to wait and see.” Came Mr Flanders’ reply.
  




Notes:

Leave kudos or I will set fire to your left leg. (I have decided to try an aggressive marketing technique)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Feild Trip!
Spideypool - Freeform
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
MJ is also a good bro
you can pry spideypool out of my cold dead hands
deadpool is like 17
So Is Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

