Work Text:
Bucky slides into his bed at night, stinking like alcohol and another alpha’s scent. It’s nothing new for the other to come back to their cramped little apartment, smelling like a brothel, but while Steve knows that he has no right whatsoever to feel jealous (because Bucky is not his, never will be, and he repeats that to himself and hopes to God that one day, the knowledge will be enough to keep his heart from fluttering when the other is around), he does.
The other shifts until he’s pressed against Steve’s back, all muscles and tempting warmth, and they really shouldn’t do this, because they are not kids anymore, and physical intimacy like this should happen between mates. But Steve doesn’t say anything, doesn’t move away; he has always liked being close to Bucky, and likes it more now that they are older. Just because he is the frailest, weakest, most laughable excuse for an alpha which has ever existed, it doesn’t mean he doesn’t enjoy the closeness of an omega, especially when that omega is Bucky, who he might just have loved ever since he first laid eyes on the other.He loves him still, although Bucky has been insufferable lately, going out more and getting into even worse fights, smelling like a different alpha, beta every night; Steve cleans him up when he stumbles home and makes him coffee in the morning. Accepts his sheepish smiles and half-sincere apologies, stands up on his tiptoes to ruffle Bucky’s hair and tells him he’s being an idiot.
Or, like now, lets Bucky nuzzle his neck, trying hard not to think too much about it.
“Hey, Steve”, the other whispers, but even with his voice quiet, the words sound impossibly loud. “Steve, are you awake?”He should say no and turn away, try to get some sleep, because goddamn, he needs it, but he doesn’t. Instead lifts his head a little, nods. “I’m now”, he says, and tries so hard to sound annoyed; he fails. “You’ve been drinking again?”
Bucky nods, Steve can feel his head move against his back, strong jawline and soft hair, there is a little, happy hum and Bucky presses even closer. “Should’ve come with me”, he says and Steve can feel hot breath washing over him. It takes all of his willpower to stop himself from shivering. “We would’ve had fun, promise. Dancing and music and drinking…”What Bucky means is that he would have had fun, that he would have danced and drunk, but Steve doesn’t say that, doesn’t want to upset him when there is no reason to. No real reason anyway. “You know that I don’t like your bars, don’t you?”, he answers instead, “Too much smoke, it makes me cough.”
“Still should’ve come. We never go out together anymore.” There is a hint of sadness in Bucky’s voice, and Steve hopes that he is only imagining it; no matter how difficult the other can be, Steve never wants to see him sad.
“Maybe next time”, he says to soothe him, but before the words are out of his mouth, he knows Bucky won’t believe them – he would not, either. And the other doesn’t, goes tense and then pliant again, before he answers, in the smallest voice Steve has ever heard him use, resigned and hopeless. “You’re just saying that.”There are no words for the longest time, because Steve can’t think of anything to say. He won’t lie to Bucky, but speaking the truth sounds almost worse, possibly hurting the other more like the most horrible thing imaginable. But then Bucky breaks the silence, makes Steve wish he hadn’t.
“Why don’t you want me?”, the other asks suddenly, his voice still small, but desperate this time, pained. “I know…I know, I’m not good, but if you tell me, show me what to do, I’ll be good enough for you, I swear, Steve. I swear.”
Bucky shifts close again, hides his face against Steve’s back, his shirt, and Steve thinks he might be going mad, but he thinks he can feel tears on his skin, soaking through his shirt.The last time he has seen Bucky cry, they were still kids and had gotten into a fight, Bucky trying so hard to protect Steve, who, even back then, was sickly and weak. One of the others had punched Bucky right in the face, and when Steve had half-carried him home, there had been tear tracks on his cheeks.But this is different, they are older and Bucky shouldn’t be in pain, least of all because of him.He turns around, slowly, to give the other enough time to shift away, all the while trying to find the right words to say. Maybe he should tell Bucky to just get some sleep, because the other is just so obviously drunk, and can’t so obviously mean what he is saying. Or should try to make the other laugh, maybe should say that Bucky is just perfect the way he is.
But he’d be lying, and Steve has never been comfortable with that.Because Bucky is everything, good and bad, is the thought that gets Steve out of bed in the mornings and the last one before he falls asleep, is the person he worries for most and the first one he prays for at night. Bucky is who he thinks of when other people mention love, and Steve cannot remember a time when he wasn’t.It’s no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha!Steve
Omega!Bucky
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
First Time
Love Confessions
Drunken Confessions
Emotional Sex
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

