Work Text:
He did it for the shits and giggles.He also did it because he would regret it if he didn’t. 
WHO IS SPIDER-MAN?

 
The screen showed Peter Parker, sixteen years old and determined to prove the identity of Spider-Man over the course of the three-part documentary he was making, unknowing that it would become viral within days of the first part being released. Behind the camera, way off screen, was Harley Keener, Tony Stark’s other prodigy child, grinning like crazy as Peter started the documentary. Only a few people knew what was to come, and those few people were about to have a great few weeks.“My name is Peter Parker, and with the help of my friends, Ned Leeds, Harley Keener, and my Aunt, May Parker, who provided me with a lot of red yarn for this project, we’re going to uncover the identity of Spider-Man.”They started with videos, photos and newspaper articles of Spider-Man, Peter giving the important dates, such as when he showed up on the team, when he took down the Vulture, that time he was spotted fighting alongside Iron Man-“Which begs another question, does Tony Stark know Spider-Man’s identity?”The screen cut to an uncomfortably close shot of Tony, who was sitting in their makeshift interview space in the compound.“No,” Tony replied. “I made his suit, absolutely, but I don’t know his identity.”Peter’s voice sounded from off screen. “Have you tried to uncover it before?”For a second, Tony looked nervous – a split second that would later be screenshotted and shown around as evidence that Tony knew the truth Peter was going to unravel – but the expression disappeared quickly, his usual façade reappearing.“I haven’t looked too closely,” Tony said, his voice careful. He’d learned his lines expertly. “But I think it’s in everyone’s best interest if we don’t discover his identity.”“Why’s that?”Tony waved a vague hand. “Everyone has the right to privacy, kid. But, I suppose, it feels like one of those things we’re not supposed to know.”Then Peter and Ned stood in front of a cork board they’d set up. Tony had leant them a few empty conference rooms to use for their project – much to the chagrin of the officials and businessmen who passed the window, confused expressions on their faces as they watched the teens roam around.“There were a few answers we ruled out immediately, despite how popular they were when we did a poll online.”Peter had gained a little bit of popularity online, not just with his Instagram and the photos he took, but with his Twitter, because Tony Stark once posted a photo of the two of them in the lab, and Peter became and overnight sensation of who the hell is this kid? The only answer anyone found was Tony’s personal intern, but they continued to follow him anyway. Therefore, the poll that appeared on screen had in the region of eight thousand responses, the most popular two by far being ‘God’ and ‘Tony Stark’.“We asked Tony if he was Spider-Man.”“No,” Tony said, back in the interview chair. The camera was no less close to his face. He had surprisingly few pores.“So, that’s that,” Peter continued.“We can’t verify if God is Spider-Man,” Ned said, next to him, “but we can safely assume He isn’t, because, well, He’s God. He’d choose a cooler superhero.”Peter shot him an offended look that would later become a reaction image to people saying moronic things online.“So, with that out of the way, we had to start digging.”Over the next twenty minutes, the boys covered a range of theories and debunked them to the best of their abilities. They showed images and videos of the vigilante, running around and fighting bad guys and started explaining their methods of tracking him using the Spider Watch Twitter account, that posted whenever any alerts about Spider-Man showed up, and showed the pattern of his appearances.The graph on screen of times, dates and locations was largely fraudulent – but in such a way that it couldn’t be proven. While Spider-Man appeared mostly in Queens, they changed the locations to draw away from Midtown a little, and made some claims about the times he was spotted during school hours (which, yes, they made bot Twitter accounts, semi-regularly used them for a month, before adding the sightings as tweets, including videos or pictures they took themselves, to fake their proof).At the end of the video, Peter sat in the conference room, the windows showing a dark sky outside. The room was orderly, balls of red yarn sitting in the corner, the corkboard on the wall and a whiteboard next to it with listed theories.“He’s a little short,” Harley said, coming into the shot. The camera was mounted on the table, as if they were just recording their thoughts at the time. “Maybe he’s like, a kid.”Peter scoffed. “A few people have said that before – with the voice and stuff? But you don’t get that jacked when you’re fourteen.”Harley shrugged. This was actually their fourth take; they kept devolving into laughter every time Peter called himself jacked. “Okay, but you saw those ye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
only teenage for mild swearing
Peter Says Shit
conspiracy videos
Social Media
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
idk how to write endings
Peter Parker is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

