Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter groaned and put his head down on his desk. He had been having a terrible day, and his last period was no exception (of course). 
His only solace was that school would be over in… he tilted his head to be able to see the clock. Two minutes. Too long, he moaned to himself. Ned elbowed him in the side.
“Dude, what’s up?” He whispered. Peter buried his head further into his arms before mumbling
“Just having a bad day.” Ned chuckled and Peter glared at him. 
The teacher cleared his throat and all class discussion stopped, attention turning to the front of the room. 
“Alright, class. As I’m sure you all know, Midtown did exceptionally well this year in science, and as a reward, the school has deemed fit for the highest scoring class to go on a field trip!” The class perked up at that- field trips were rare at Midtown Tech, and the students enjoyed them when they could. 
Cindy Larson raised her hand, wiggling it around to express her eagerness. 
“Yes, Ms. Larson?” Cindy put her hand down. 
“Who won?” The teacher grinned widely and Peter could feel the class’s anticipation peak. 
“Well, Ms. Larson, good question. I just received an email proclaiming the winner, and the class is… Mr. Harrison’s!” 
The teens exploded in excitement at the name of their homeroom teacher. Cindy stretched her hand into the air once again. 
“Yes, Ms. Larson?” The teacher asked kindly. 
“Where are we going?” Cindy nearly shouted in enthusiasm. Mr. Harrison’s smile only grew as he answered. 
“Well, Cindy, I’m glad you asked. We will be touring a leading science institute!” The classes mood dimmed only slightly, and Peter had to agree with his classmates. 
A ‘leading science institute’? Sounds pretentious. But, a field trip was a field trip nonetheless. Mr. Harrison shook his head at his students, undeterred. 
“The trip was secured to be at none other than… The Stark Industries!” The class reacted rather terrifically, some students jumping out of their seats, others just sitting in a shocked silence.
 Peter’s reaction, however, was rather one of mild horror. Flash turned to face Peter with a devilish grin on his (A/N: uGLy) face. 
“What’s wrong, Penis? Worried you’re finally going to be exposed as the liar you really are?” 
Peter was not in the mood. 
“Shut up, Flash. I don’t want to deal with you right now.” Flash was about to make a (probably stupid) retort when the bell rang. 
“You’re lucky, Parker.” He sneered before sauntering down the steps. Ned whistled and raised his eyebrows. 
“Wow, dude. What even is your life?” Peter frowned. “I mean, bro. The Avengers are gonna embarrass you soooo bad, you’re not even gonna know what hit you!” 
Ned’s voice had a tone of disbelief and humor in it- Peter was only feeling one of those emotions right now (hint: it was NOT humor). 
He glared at Ned, who quickly attempted to save himself. “Oh, what I mean- wait- no, like, you’ll be fine! Just… maybe… not?” He face palmed.
 “I’ll just stop talking now.” Peter agreed whole-heartedly with that statement. 
Saying a quick (maaaybe bitter) goodbye to Ned, he spun on his heel to leave the classroom and head home. He sighed to himself. 
How was he going to get out of this one?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Field Trip
SI
Stark Industries
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
clint is a little shit
That field trip to Stark Industries trope

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

