Chapter 1





Chapter Text
✦ It's just one of these nights.The kid turns up in the lab, hair damp and shaking like a leaf in his suit. Apparently, Spider-Man didn't manage to avoid the storm outside. “Oh, man” he says as Tony throws him a towel with an eye roll. “I'm freezing.” He rubs the towel against his head, his teeth still chattering. Tony raises an eyebrow.“Kid, you know there's a heating function in the suit, right?” Peter just stops rubbing his hair and looks at him like he'd just said Darth Vader was Luke's father all along.“Well, duh!” he says. “But I got into a fight with... some guys and one of them punched me and- somehow, now I can't reach Karen and...”“Wow, wait a sec” Tony raises a hand. “First, are you hurt? And don't try to bullshit me, buddy, 'cause you know damn well it never work.”Peter shakes his head.“I'm fine.” He lets out a chuckle. “Can't say the same about the guys, though. I may have – involuntarily of course – broken a few of their ribs. But I didn't mean to! It's just...” He grunts, then proceeds to fold the now damp towel on the nearest desk. Tony crosses his arms against his chest. “Who were they?” he asks, simply. It's weird. Peter doesn't usually throw punches at random muggers unless his life is heavily threatened. In normal days, he just webs them up and waits for the police to arrive. Something passes in the kid's eyes, something like a dark and dangerous glow, but he just shrugs it off.“They were harassing this girl. She- she was young and all alone and...” Again, he shrugs. But Tony doesn't need any details. He got the picture.“Okay.” he says, nodding slowly. “You did a good thing, kid. Now, pass me the suit so we can take a look at it.” Peter sighs with relief. He takes off his suit with shaky fingers before handing it to the older man. As the kid kneels down to grabs some clothes in his backpack, Tony can't help but take a quick glance at him, making sure he's not hiding any severe injuries (God knows how many times Peter tried to cover up bruises the size of dinner plates, or ugly knife wounds and the mechanic doesn't trust him on this anymore) but today, the boy seems perfectly okay. Tony is about to breathe in relief when he notices a weird scar just above his hip. A rather large and jagged circle, whiter than the rest of his skin. He frowns and drops the suit on his desk.“Hey, Pete, what's that on your hip?” “Hm?”Jeans in one hand, the kid looks a bit confused before his eyes drop to the round scar deeply engraved on his flesh.His whole body seems to tense like he's just remembered its existence. Tony feels his heart skip a beat. What the hell?Peter opens his mouth to talk but his breathe gets caught up in his throat. His brown eyes widen with fear. Alerted, Tony stands up from his chair and slowly approaches the kid, hands hovering, unsure of what to do. “Are you okay?” he asks in a low tone. Paler than ever, Peter looks like he's about to faint. Then suddenly it's over. He jumps back on his feet abruptly, blinks a few time, snaps back into reality. “Yeah, sure.” he says before pulling on his jeans and t-shirt.Colors rise on his cheeks and he tries to smile, but the smile looks fake.“So-um- my suit...” Tony shakes his head. No, no way, he can't change the subject. Not when there's a fucking bite mark on his body. A bite mark that doesn't look recent at all. “Pete, what is this?” he cuts in, taking a step ahead. “The scar, how'd you get it?” Peter obviously flinches, avoiding the older man's gaze, and for a second, Tony regrets asking him about it. But he has to know.“It's not- it's nothing. Look, can we- can we go back to fixing my suit, please?”“Who did this to you?” There's a moment of silence. Finally, the boy meets his mentor's eyes. His lower lip starts to tremble. “No one."he answers, too fast. "It was an accident- when I was little, I...” Tony wants to scream at the kid's stubbornness. He racks a hand through his scalp. “Stop.” His tone makes Peter's mouth snaps shut. “Don't lie to me, Parker. That thing on your hip, I know what it is, okay? So don't even try to...” He can't finish his sentence because the kid already grabbed his backpack and is now rushing towards the lab's doors, desperate to escape this conversation. Tony groans in frustration. “FRIDAY, lock the door. Pete can't leave until I say so.” With a loud sound, the doors shut down. Peter just stands there, facing the wall, his fists tightened against his thighs, his breathing short and shallow. “Let me out, Mr. Stark. Please.” he says through clenched teeth.Tony shakes his head again. “It's Friday night.” he says as matter-of-factly. “And your suit isn't ready yet.”Friday nights are their nights. Usually, they spend them in the lab, working and talking and teasing each other. They listen to music, they watch movies or play video-games and the kid tells him about college, and his patrols, and his friends, and girls (or boys). Sometimes the conversation turns into darker subjects, such as the w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Sad
Iron Dad
I'm Sorry
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Scars
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

