Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The biggest mistake he’d made, Tony thought later, was that he and Nebula didn’t pick up and leave Titan immediately.It was just… after Strange and the Guardians faded away, and Tony was left holding an armful of Peter’s ashes, he couldn’t bring himself to do anything. The world went faded and fuzzy at the edges and Tony forgot how to breathe. He curled up, clutching his left arm, and stared vacantly at the spot where Peter Parker had died. It didn’t seem right that there was nothing on the unmarked ground to say that a tragedy had happened there.He was barely aware of Nebula prowling around somewhere, but he lacked the focus to pay her much attention. Too caught up in the beginnings of a grief so profound and deep that Tony was sinking beneath it, he didn’t even hear what she was saying to him. His mind was focused on the utter fear that had been on Peter’s face; the wind seemed to bring the sweet sound of Peter’s last words to his ears.
”I don’t feel so good… I don’t know what’s happening. Please, I don’t wanna go.. I don’t wanna go… I’m sorry…”
And, like a flickering candle, other faces flamed to life before his eyes: Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Bruce, May Parker, Steve, Natasha, Clint, the Barton children, Fury. Stark Industries employees. His favorite barista. The new P.A. Pepper had hired for him. All of them wearing an expression of fear just like Peter. All of them disintegrating into ashes that blew away on an uncaring wind. Each of them lost to the ages because Tony wasn’t good enough.His chest squeezed, the tight, familiar feeling making him tense. Logically he knew that sitting curled up wasn’t the right way to handle a panic attack. He should be straightening his shoulders, opening his chest up, and taking slow, deep breaths. But he couldn’t move. It was like his body had locked up and all thought was beyond him. He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t move, couldn’t think.Nebula screamed.Tony’s head jerked up. His eyes saw Thanos, but he didn’t really accept it. What reason would there be for Thanos to come back? He’d won. He’d taken what he needed from them. Tony had nothing of worth. He was just an old man stuck in space, trying not to have a complete breakdown while slowly bleeding to death. Nothing special to see here.“Stop,” Thanos rumbled, gesturing to Nebula. Her mouth hung open but the sound of her screaming was abruptly silenced. She recoiled, eyes widening in horror, and scrabbled at her throat. Her lips moved but no sound came out. Fury spread across his face and she grabbed for a weapon.Thanos sighed. It was an intensely weary sound. A twitch of his fingers dissolved Nebula’s weapon; she collapsed like a puppet with its strings cut. Tony stiffened, expecting her to dissolve into nothingness, but she didn’t. He stared at her face. Her eyes were shut. She’d landed on her stomach, crumpled up into a small heap, so he couldn’t tell whether she was breathing or not.“This is the problem when you allow trash to fester,” Thanos said. “I’m disappointed she was not part of the purge.” He surveyed Nebula with a look of utmost disappointment, much like a parent would look at a misbehaving child, then turned away. In five long strides, he was standing right in front of Tony.He should be stabbed. That was the thought hovering through Tony’s mind. But instead of the fierce determination and desire to protect the world that had driven him before, Tony felt… empty. He slowly tilted his head up to look at Thanos, meeting the dark eyes. Last time they’d been this close, Thanos had stabbed him. This time, Tony wondered if he was going to die.“Tony Stark,” Thanos murmured, rolling the name around on his lips. His eyes seemed to glow.Tony couldn’t speak. He just watched.“I know you,” Thanos said at last. He held up the gauntlet and Tony’s eyes were drawn to the glitter of the Stones. They were strangely pretty, each one intermittently glistening with color. He barely noticed the rest of the world smearing into grey cloudiness.When Tony woke, he could breathe again. That in itself was surprising, considering that he hadn’t thought he would ever wake up again. Staring up into darkness, he wondered if he was dead. Was this what hell was like? Just an endless void with nothing but his own thoughts for company? Nothing but the memories of all the people he’d failed…He stuck his hands out automatically, trying to feel something, and jumped when his fingers made contact with bars. Was he in jail? Cautiously, Tony moved his hands higher. When he didn’t come into contact with a ceiling, he took a chance and sat up. He stretched his hands up, but continued to encounter nothing. When he put his hands out to either side, he found bars on both sides. If he was in a jail cell, it was either very small or very narrow. He couldn’t even stretch his arms out fully.Curious, he pushed on the bars – gently at first, then with more strength. They didn’t give away beneath his weight, so they had to be connected to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Thanos

freeform: 
Age Play
Infantilism
Non consensual age play
non consensual infantilism
dubious consent age play
dubious consent infantilism
forced age play
Forced Infantilism
Baby Tony
daddy thanos
Kidnapping
Stockholm Syndrome
Brainwashing
Infinity Stones
Muscle control
Forced Wetting
Diapers
Pacifiers
thumbsucking
Carrying
Bathing
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
use of infinity stones
will not end with a rescue
just warning you now
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
thanos is a bit crazy
Cribs
Onesies
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Thanos

