Work Text:
“What’s the most emo?” Natasha asked, reading aloud from the black card in her hand. Bruce frowned down at the white cards in his hand, even as Clint crowed happily and threw down one of his own white cards immediately. Steve raised an eyebrow.“I got the Nazi card,” Steve said, and Tony rolled his eyes.“You’re not supposed to tell us your cards, Buck Rogers,” Tony explained. He stared at Steve and Bucky for a moment before his eyes widened. “Wait-”“Yeah, we’ve heard that one before,” Bucky interrupted, before Tony could get all fired up. Tony made an aborted hand motion, but Steve just moved on. He leaned over to Bucky, whispering and asking him which card to use. Bucky pointed to one with a metal fingertip, and Steve put that one down on the stack.“This is an odd game,” Thor commented, drawing another white card. He laughed at whatever it said. “But it is rather enjoyable in its crudeness, I must admit."“Okay, for the most emo, we’ve got flying sex snakes, all-you-can-eat shrimp for $4.99, white people, the American Dream, bees?, doin’ it in the butt, and dead parents,” Natasha read aloud. She hummed thoughtfully. “I’m going to have to go with white people,” she announced, and Sam leaned forward, snatching the black card.“Thank you very much,” Sam said cheerfully. Steve drew another white card and sighed.“What on Earth is MechaHitler?” Steve asked. Bucky frowned, looking over Steve’s shoulder at the card.“I honestly do not know,” Bucky answered. He grinned at Steve. “Could you punch him in the face, too?”“Any Hitler is fair game,” Steve answered evenly, drawing a black card. “Okay. During sex, I like to think about, blank. Fill in the blank.”Bucky drew another white card and immediately tensed. Natasha raised an eyebrow at him, and Steve leaned over.“What’s wrong, Buck? What’d you get?” he asked, and Bucky immediately drew his cards closer to his chest so Steve could not see them.“You can’t see, you’re the judge this round,” Bucky said, a little too loudly. Steve frowned, but leaned back anyways.“Yeah, alright,” Steve agreed, watching him suspiciously for a moment before he turned to take the card Bruce handed him. Bucky looked down at his hand again, at the damning white card that now sat at the forefront. Genetically engineered super-soldiers. Bucky bit back a sigh. Why do they even make this card.Bucky looked at Steve in his peripherals, then looked down at the card again anxiously. He chanced a second look at Steve, who was laughing at whatever card Thor had just handed him, and was filled with a swell of confidence. He pulled the card out of his hand and smacked it down onto the table. The table buckled slightly, and everybody looked at Bucky. He just grinned, half-cheeky, half-sheepish, and withdrew his metal hand.“I’ve got a good one,” Bucky said, and Steve picked it up, adding it to the bottom of the stack in his hand.“We’ll see about that,” Steve teased. Clint and Sam high-fived each other across the table for indecipherable reasons. He started pulling up the cards and reading them off. “Okay, During sex, I like to think about… And we have: oversized lollipops, a lifetime of sadness, my collection of high-tech sex toys-” Steve glanced up at Tony, who just shrugged. Steve returned to the cards. “-a bleached asshole-” Steve paused while Tony snorted, “-an Oedipus complex, the Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Jr., and-” Steve raised an eyebrow as he read the last card. He looked up.“What’s it say?” Natasha asked, leaning over to look at the card. Steve cocked his head to the side. “C’mon, it can’t be worse than having to say “a bleached asshole.” What is it?”Steve’s cheeks turned a little red as he put the card down. “It says genetically engineered super-soldiers.”The table fell silent. Everyone glanced at each other, then back at Steve, who shrugged. “I guess that one wins,” he said. Nobody moved for a moment. Then, Bucky reached out, slowly, his metal arm barely making a sound as he picked up the black card. Steve looked up at him, brow furrowed, before he burst into laughter. Bucky, too, started to laugh, leaning into Steve.“Jesus, that’s too good,” Bucky guffawed. Steve nearly tipped over backwards in his chair. Thor smiled widely at them.“I do not feel as though I had a chance at winning that round,” Thor commented. Steve reached over and clapped him on the shoulder.“Next time, pal, you’ll be better off,” Steve assured him, and Thor grasped his arm cheerily. Steve released him and sat back, flipping through his own cards as he and Bucky calmed down enough to continue.“The next card says, Why am I sticky?,” Bucky read. Steve frowned at his cards.“I don’t have a geriatric ex-assassin card,” Steve complained, and Bucky punched him in the arm.
“I have cybernetic enhancements,” Clint exclaimed. “Steve, use this one for why you’re sticky!”
“I’ve got sexual tension, if you want to swap cards,” Sam offered dryly. Steve glanced up at him, then back down at his cards.“You’re the worst, least-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Humor
Fluff
Domestic
Domestic Avengers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Avengers Tower
Avengers Family
the team plays a nice game of Cards Against Humanity
but some cards are more telling than other cards
but bucky doesn't give two shits
nor does steve
or thor usually but that's less relevant at this juncture
features geriatric ex-assassins
heartwarming orphans
and genetically engineered super-soldiers
oh and anal beads

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

