Chapter 1: Root
    


Summary:

Flashing back, though still in the 'naughts, we check in with where we last left our cast of characters, spread to the wind.But when that wind begins to howl about the World Council wanting to investigate Wakanda for harboring fugitives, something needs to be done.



Notes:

 
 
Guys. Gals. Countrymen. Other countries. Other countries? Yeah! Sure! Hello!This is a little bit of wording that I've been working on scene by scene for a couple years (with the amazing brain of my writing wife, Leez) and when it came time for the Captain America Big Bang 2018, I figured it was high time I actually pulled the trigger on this thing.If you're new to my writing: there are swears, and smut, and non-stop pop culture references within. Gird your loins.If you've been a round for a bit: get ready for the Darcy sarcasm train as it is leaving the station tooooot toooooot!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text





“To heal you have to get to the root of the wound and kiss it all the way up.”

-Rupi Kaur




 


April 9, 2018

 Bright green leaves rustled in the breeze, spinning and cartwheeling across the carefully manicured grass. There was a stillness in the air, as if the weather hadn't completely decided to shift to spring just yet, and a late, cold shower threatened from the clouds. He added very little noise to the day, just the sound of boots on the stiffened and cold ground, and the crinkle of plastic around the bouquet in his hands. He slowed when he saw a man with dark hair seated among the tombstones, cross-legged on the grass and speaking softly to one of the grave markers. He couldn't make out the words, even with his superior hearing, and as he took a step closer, he heard the man stop speaking and watched as his posture tensed.Following the same path he took every time he visited the graveyard, Steve Rogers stood before Margaret Carter's final resting place, the man sitting near his feet not bothering to look up."Captain.""Tony."Tony Stark brushed his hands on his slacks, a small pile of shredded grass blades in front of him and a carefully chosen fistful of flowers sitting on the ground at his side, dirt still sticking to the exposed roots. Tony had been remembering one summer day he'd spent with Aunt Peg, tending to the small garden she and her husband, Daniel, kept behind their small home in upstate New York. She'd taught him how to push the seed into the flower box, how to water it carefully so it wouldn't drown. Tony's hands, normally covered in grease and oil, had become covered in dirt. It was a different feeling than he’d been used to and he hadn’t been sure if he liked it. He was so good at taking things apart that he didn't know how to do anything other than destroying something then building it back up. He hadn't taken up gardening after that day, mechanics and engineering his one true love, but he'd marveled at how Aunt Peg could soften her hands to help something grow, nurturing it until it bloomed and blossomed into its full potential beauty.If that was an allegory for what she'd attempted to do for him after his parents had died, Tony knew better than to poke at that beast."I wasn't able to go to her funeral," Tony said, voice clear of its usual flippancy. He'd been busy, always too busy. Too busy to stop and think of Aunt Peg, and how she hadn't recognized him any longer. Too busy to think of how she'd mistaken him for his father over and over, insisting that he finally let Steve Rogers rest, that he stop worrying about Erskine's formula and move forward with his life. Maybe get married. Start a family.Steve Rogers had been a part of Tony Stark's life since before the soldier had been pulled from that ice. A war hero. The dead friend of Aunt Peg's and his father. The specter of a man Tony'd never met but was constantly compared to, at least in his father's eyes. A ghost that echoed in the vacuum chamber of the Stark legacy.And then, miracles of miracles, Captain America's plane was found in the ice and snow and there he was, Steve Rogers, real and whole. The man Howard Stark had always held up as some impossible litmus test, the real make and merit of a man that no one could stand next to without becoming dwarfed and inconsequential. And Tony had pushed all the misplaced anger from his youth, all the anger at his father, into his interactions with Rogers, rebelling against the idea that he was some sort of stalwart pillar of justice, infallible and pristine.Tony was well aware that he had a vicious tendency to overcompensate, only to rein himself back from the precipice. It'd been a self-destructive habit he'd been working on for years. He’d take it up to an eleven, then pull it back down to an eight. Peg had always helped in that respect, even before he'd found himself in that cave, fighting for his life.But now Aunt Peg was gone. His parents were gone.And the Avengers were gone.
Everybody leaves.
"She would hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
ShieldShock - Freeform
WinterShock - Freeform
UST
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Pining
Drama
Humor
Angst
Polyamory
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Awesome Darcy Lewis
All the swears
Smut
Slow Burn
framily
Non Stop Pop Culture References
Darcy uses sarcasm like a weapon
PTSD
Choking
PTSD flashbacks
OT3
Found Family
all the Avengers need therapy
Character Study
Post Civil War Fix It
pre infinity war
non infinity war compliant
Threesome
Sex
Anal

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

