Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Clint knew later he should have been taking the fight more seriously, but come on – coiffed hair, three-inch fingernails and a neon purple mermaid dress?What, did this lady take her fashion advice from Dumbledore? No, really. She’d probably be laughed straight out of Hogwarts dressed like that.It wasn’t like he was the only one just going through the motions, anyway. This whole “villain-of-the-week” thing was getting annoying. Turns out Thor hadn’t been kidding when he said their meddling with the Tesseract put them on the map as a planet ready for a higher form of war.Though Clint’d been thinking more along the lines of world-ending alien invasions, not these weirdoes crawling out of wherever they’d been before now.“You will all meet your doom today,” Witch-Lady declared, her plate-sized earrings somehow defying gravity as they swirled up with the wind. Steve was crouched nearby, waiting for her to get distracted and drop her shields. Bruce was a short distance away just in case he was needed. Natasha was distracted by the animated trees clumping their way down the sidewalk, and Clint felt pretty damn useless at the moment. His arrows weren’t getting through the witch’s shields and how the hell was he supposed to shoot down a tree?“And Villain Stock Phrase Number Three makes its appearance,” Tony sighed. He flew towards them, Witch-Lady’s magenta aura glinting off the armor as he got closer.It really came down to bad timing. She started speaking in Latin – bad sign number one – right as Tony swooped down near her, probably intending to hit her with a repulsor blast. She seemed completely unperturbed – bad sign number two – and smiled – bad sign number three – and a deceptively small flash of purple light hit the Iron Man helmet.Clint should have paid more attention to that. In his defense, she hadn’t seemed all that dangerous, aside from being pretty resilient with her magic shields and all. Besides, the suit was incredibly durable. It took a lot to get through Tony’s defenses, and that tiny little flash? It shouldn’t have done a thing. It didn’t look like it did anything, because even though Tony didn’t attack her he flew off as if nothing was wrong. Tony flew around the corner and didn’t come back. Clint didn’t pay it any mind.Female Dumbledore looked way too proud of herself, if a little tired out. “You may have underestimated me,” she said, and Clint paused in letting another arrow fly. “But you will fall, at the hands of one of your very own.”“What do you mean?” Steve said, but she was already gone.At least the trees stopped moving like eldritch abominations.Clint dropped down from his vantage point and made his way over to the others, who looked just as confused as he was. “Why’d she suddenly take off?” Clint asked, not really expecting an answer. Natasha shrugged, her focus still on the trees now toppled over on the pavement.“Nothing about that encounter made much sense,” she said.“Did any of you see where Tony went?” Steve asked after a few moments. Clint furrowed his brow and glanced around, just now noticing the absence of the ostentatious suit of armor.“No idea,” he said.“I don’t know either,” Natasha said.“If I may,” JARVIS’s smooth voice filtered through on the comms, “I believe Sir may have been affected by a surge of unidentified energy.”“What? What happened? Where is he?” Steve demanded.“According to my scans, Sir’s brain chemistry was unexpectedly altered after experiencing a surge of magical origin,” JARVIS said. “Sir has prepared several protocols for such an occasion. The Iron Man suit has been locked down and awaits your retrieval.” The coordinates flashed on Clint’s watch. Okay, creepy, Clint had no idea JARVIS was on his watch. There were more pressing matters at the moment, though, so he said nothing as he followed the others to Tony’s location.The suit stood in the middle of the street, frozen in an upright position so stiff it made Clint feel off-kilter just looking at it.“Tony?” Steve said hesitantly, letting his shield drop as he stepped up to the armor. There was no response. Iron Man just stood there, eerily motionless. “Hey, JARVIS? Could you let Tony out of there?”“Engaging auto-release,” JARVIS said, and the front of the suit folded back.Tony stumbled forward, bewildered and gasping for breath in obvious distress, and Steve instinctively dropped the shield to catch him.Only to get sucker-punched in the underside of his jaw.Steve jerked back with a grunt, blood trickling out of his mouth where he must have bitten his tongue. Startled exclamations erupted from the rest of the group, though Tony didn’t even seem to notice them. All signs of his distress had vanished in an instant, replaced with a stare so cold he looked like an imposter. He didn’t give Steve any time to recover, jabbing at Steve’s face in a fluid movement following the initial punch, and it was only thanks to Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Mind Control
Villain Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Humor
Crack Treated Seriously
Brainwashing
POV Alternating
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

