Work Text:

“The Avengers have announced a press conference for Saturday morning at eleven AM. It will be shown across the globe, live from the Avengers Compound in upstate New York. It’s rumoured that the Avengers will be announcing a new member to their team – or, as some are speculating, they are disbanding, despite the optimistic reports of the group returning to a sort of normal after the ‘rogue’ Avengers were pardoned.”

Peter stared at the television in Aunt May’s apartment, jittering at the thought of the press conference. It was to announce him. Peter Parker. Spider-Man. Avenger.
God, that was so cool.
“Stop shaking like that,” May muttered from the sofa. “You’re gonna cause an earthquake.”
“Not how that works,” Peter said, reaching over and taking one of her sandwiches. He took a bite before returning the rest of it to the plate. May merely rolled her eyes.
“Are you excited?”
“To be an Avenger? Hell yeah.”
“Not that,” May said. “But telling the world your secret.”
Peter hummed. “It’ll be interesting for sure.”
“I bet you can’t wait to see everyone’s reactions, though. The conspiracy kid is Spider-Man all along.”
Peter cracked a grin and nodded. “Oh yeah. I’m psyched to see the internet burn.”
 
Considering how bad Peter had always been at keeping secrets, the Who Is Spider-Man? prank was still as tightly guarded as it was the day it came out, two years prior. The only people who knew that Spider-Man was actually Peter Parker, the kid who made a two-part documentary detailing his search for the Truth were Aunt May, the Avengers (both new and old, plus Pepper and Happy), and his three best friends, Harley, Ned and MJ.
MJ had found out last year. She was furious.
(She had stared at him with a dead expression for almost five minutes. The two of them had been working on a project in Peter’s living room, their books spread out across the floor, and Peter had been planning on telling her for a while. He’d fetched the suit for evidence, and when he told her, she went silent. She didn’t blink once. Peter thought he was going to be burned alive by her gaze.
In the end, she’d said, “You’re fucking kidding me,” packed up all her stuff and went home. An hour later, she texted him.


MJ: 

i’ll give you props for the prank 



MJ: 

that’s fucking hilarious

She’d forgiven him some time later.)
Peter regarded the prank as one of the best things he’d done in his young life, and he’d saved a lot of people. He’d waited two years, but everyone was finally going to know how funny it was. Hell, even Peter respected himself for managing to keep up the confused, blank stare about the ‘conspiracy’. After some time, he’d acted as if he’d done some research into it, as the kids in his school were still asking questions, but he always came back with the same thing.
“It was blown out of proportion, clearly,” Peter had said. “I don’t see any signs of a conspiracy in there. I’m pretty sure I was imagining the cars.”
It had ended up on Twitter that Peter didn’t even have a clear memory of the conspiracy itself, and then Spider-Man was under scrutiny for months afterwards. People were still happy to be saved by him, because they wanted to be saved, and New York rallied around him when The Daily Bugle stuck its nose in places it didn’t belong – but Peter could see it when he patrolled: people wanted to know the truth. People wanted to know what happened to Peter Parker and who the hell Spider-Man was.
All in all, Peter wasn’t worried about Spider-Man’s public relations. He knew, when he made the videos, that he would one day tell the world his identity – and that one day, the people of the world would realise what happened and all the uproar and conspiracy theories that arose from Peter’s docs would be seen for what it was: fucking hilarious.
 
Peter had been on Ellen first. When she asked him what he thought about the conspiracy, Peter had laughed it off. Next to him, Harley and Ned rolled their eyes. They were insistent, but they also explained that they weren’t looking into it anymore. Tony Stark forbade it.
Later, Peter was invited with Tony onto Jimmy Kimmel’s show, and they talked about being Tony Stark’s personal intern as much as they talked about the documentary. His Twitter had exploded overnight after the first part to the doc, and Peter had willingly obliged with the requests to post pictures and videos of the workshop shenanigans.
The public was excited to see another side to Tony Stark – the side where Tony Stark fell asleep wrapped in an Iron Man blanket or ranting about the right way to make hot chocolate or trying (and failing) to explain to Harley that Vision was slightly more than a glorified toaster oven.
After all that came Peter’s favourite moment of the lot: the Buzzfeed Unsolved Special.
 
“I can’t believe this,” Harley said, peering at the holoscreen in front of them.
“You better believe it,” Peter replied, smug. “That’s twenty-three minutes dedicated to the conspiracy we made up. They tried to figure it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
teenage for language
Peter says Fuck
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
conspiracy videos

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

