Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve sighed and looked around the warehouse.  Based on SHIELD’s alert and Coulson’s briefing, they’d expected a few crates of energy weapon prototypes.  Things they didn’t want making it into the wild, but nothing that should have justified the level of resistance they’d actually encountered.  When they’d found the experimental powersuit in with the weapons, that had been one explanation.  He shifted uneasily, unable to shake the feeling that there was more to it.
Tony’s voice came over the comm. “Loosen up, Cap.  You get any more tense, the medics are going to diagnose you with lockjaw.”
“Can the chatter, Stark.  We’re not off the field yet,” Steve said firmly.  Tony didn’t bother killing his mic until halfway through his muttered, invective-laden rebuttal.  He grimaced.  Ordinarily, he’d at least try to let it go, but there was something fishy about the whole situation.  It wasn’t like Coulson to have bad intel about something like this; either Doom had upgraded the sale unexpectedly and very quietly, or he’d planned on having the extra equipment shipped out before HYDRA showed up.
“Stay sharp, everybody.  This feels wrong,” he warned. “Location, Stark?  Your beacon’s out.”
“Are your eyes out, too?  I’m red and gold and rocket-powered,” Tony shot back.  Steve gritted his teeth.
“I do not have visual contact.  Location?” he repeated, trying to keep the aggravation out of his voice.
The fluorescent light glinted dully off the armor as Tony stood and gave an exaggerated wave.  Steve started to roll his eyes, then stopped himself.  As tempting as it was to give back the same as he was getting, it wasn’t going to help, and it wasn’t like he hadn’t started it.  Not that he hadn’t put a lot more effort into stopping it in the past six months, but that was one thing that all fights, from petty squabbles to outright wars, had in common: it was loads easier to set the fire than to put it out.  
Steve shook his head.  It didn’t help that, while Tony might have been unnecessarily blunt about his own abilities, he’d been unnecessarily blunt and flat wrong about Tony.  He’d apologized for it, afterwards, but even if they’d gotten off to a great start, he had a feeling they’d have had a hard time working together smoothly.  He spent half the time he was around Stark torn between wanting to strangle him and wanting to shake his hand.  With the things he’d said, a simple apology had been too little, too late.  
Red metal gauntlets settled on the lid of an unmarked crate, and the faceplate flipped up to reveal Tony’s smirking countenance.  The lingering suspicion crystallized.
“Stark, keep your visor down.  We don’t know what’s in these things,” he snapped.
“Relax, Cap.  You got to unwrap the last present,” Tony laughed, breaking the locks easily.
“Present?  What does that make this, the worst Christmas ever?” Clint demanded.
“Off the comms unless it’s an official communication, Hawk,” Steve sighed.
“He gets that and I get ‘can it’?  Easy to see who mom’s favorite is,” Tony said, his smirk getting bigger.
“Damn it, Tony, don’t open--”
The order died in his throat as Tony flipped the top of the crate open, blinked at the contents in confusion for half a second, and then disappeared into a cloud of thick white smoke.
“Gas!” Steve barked into his comm. “Everybody fall back!”
He heard the sharp metallic clatter of Tony going down, took a deep breath, and darted in.  He held his breath and closed his eyes when he got close, groping toward Tony’s estimated position and hoping that whatever the gas was, it would wash off.  Fleeting thoughts of what chlorine gas could do to a man’s lungs with one or two gasps, what happened to soldiers unlucky enough to get doused in mustard gas, and the burns caused by the unnamed gas HYDRA had started using toward the end of the war raced through his mind.  He pushed them back and prayed that JARVIS had lowered the visor as soon as the aerosol was released.  
Steve dragged Tony’s unresisting form up and over his shoulders, hoisted him into a fireman’s carry, and ran.  It seemed to take forever with the weight of the suit slowing him down.  He opened his eyes once he judged they’d cleared twice the distance of the initial dispersal area, blinking furiously.  His skin wasn’t burning, and his eyes weren’t stinging.  He didn’t feel anything strange at all, something he was cautiously optimistic about.  He didn’t inhale until they’d made it out of the warehouse; he was relieved to see that everyone else had scrambled per orders.
“Widow, I need a medic,” Steve said tightly. “Hawkeye, we need a containment team.  JARVIS, I need this visor up.”
“The exposure has resulted in some general but minor physical distress, Captain Rogers,” the AI chirped softly as the faceplate lifted.  
Steve barely registered Clint and Natasha relaying his requests as Tony blinked up at him, his eyes bright but his expression off in some undefinable fashion.  He looked simultaneously too focused an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Masturbation
Frottage
Explicit Sexual Content
Hand Jobs
Dubious Consent
Explicit Language
Happy Ending
Open Relationships

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

