Chapter 1





Chapter Text

1.

The first time that Tony encounters this tendency in Peter, it also happens to be one of the worst nights of Tony’s life. And given his history, that’s saying something. A German airport lies in ruins, his best friend will likely never walk again, half of his former teammates and colleagues have just been declared enemies of the state, and he’s about to have all of SHIELD up his ass about it. 
He’s just pouring himself a much-needed glass of scotch when there’s a knock on his hotel room door.
“God. What now?” Tony groans.
Happy lets himself in with the spare room key, which, bodyguard or not, Tony now regrets giving him. He stands in the doorway, looking haggard. “Something’s up with the kid,” he says gruffly.
“What do you mean ‘something’s up’?” Tony demands.
“He keeps insisting he’s fine but he won’t get up from the bed. Hasn’t once since we got back. Won’t eat either.”
Tony is unamused. “So you came to report that he’s being a moody teenager?”
Happy steps fully into the room now and lets the door shut behind him. “No,” he snaps back. “I came to report that I think he’s hiding something.”
Tony pauses at this. The last several hours have been such a whirlwind that he hasn’t given much thought to Peter since he had benched the kid mid-battle. He had made sure to send Happy in to whisk Peter off the tarmac and back to the hotel of course, but beyond that he’d just sort of assumed everything was fine with his new recruit.
Tony lets out a hard sigh. The kid has a metabolism to rival the Hulk—it’s all they can do to keep him fed on this trip. After all the exertion earlier, he ought to be ravenous. “He really hasn’t eaten anything in six hours?” he asks.
“Not one bite,” Happy confirms. “Won’t even sit up.”
Rolling his eyes, Tony heaves out another sigh. “Fine,” he relents. He sets down his untouched drink and pushes himself up from his seat. “Not like I have anything better to do. I’ll go play nurse and spoon-feed a fifteen-year-old some soup.”
Happy snorts and sits down in Tony’s recently vacated armchair. “Good luck,” he remarks, flipping on the TV.
Peter’s room is just down the hall. As Tony opens the door, he sees the scene is pretty much how Happy described it. Peter is laying flat on his back on the bed in sweatpants and a science pun t-shirt, one arm resting loosely over his abdomen, his lips pressed together in a thin line. The TV is tuned to some German news station, but he doesn’t seem to be watching.
“Alright, what’s the deal with the hunger strike?” Tony asks as he enters.
Peter startles at his voice and starts to push himself up from the bed on his elbows. A look of pain flashes across his features and he stops, sinking slowly back down onto the mattress. “Oh, hey Mr. Stark,” he says, a little too casually. “Nothing, I’m fine. Just not too hungry.”
“Yeah, that sounds unlikely,” Tony scoffs. He pulls a fancy-looking menu out of the nightstand drawer and thumbs through it idly. “Why don’t you sit up and we’ll order room service? What do kids eat these days? Chicken nuggets? Mac n’ cheese? Caviar?”
“I’m really okay, Mr. Stark,” Peter insists. “Just kinda tired.”
Tony’s already thin patience runs dry. He tosses the menu back on the nightstand and crosses his arms over his chest. “Sit up, kid,” he commands.
Peter’s eyes dart nervously. “Um, why?”
“Honestly? Mostly because it’s weird that you  won’t,” Tony retorts.
“I just, um, am really comfortable here.”
“Uh huh, sure.” From the interior pocket of his jacket, Tony pulls out a miniature Starkpad and starts tapping away.
“What are you doing?” Peter asks nervously.
“Remotely logging into your suit so I can pull up the injury reports,” Tony replies. Internally he’s kicking himself for not doing that sooner.
“Injury? But I’m completely okay Mr. Stark, I jus-”
“Oh would you look at that,” Tony cuts him off. He presses a button and the display is projected off the tablet out into the room for Peter to see. “Three cracked ribs and a mildly bruised spleen. Yep, that would explain not wanting to move very much.”
Peter squeezes his eyes shut and rests his forearm over them, looking absolutely miserable.
“Didn’t think any of that was worth mentioning, huh?” Tony asks sarcastically.
“I heal really fast,” Peter mumbles. “It’ll probably be fine by the morning…”
“Oh I’m counting on it,” Tony agrees. “Because we’ve got about twenty hours before I’m due to return you to that unusually attractive aunt of yours and this"—he makes an encompassing gesture at Peter’s horizontal form—"is not gonna fly. Now, you’re gonna sit up enough so that Happy can get you fed and iced and doped up with painkillers. And then we’re gonna see just how fast this super healing of yours is.”
“I’m really okay though, Mr. Stark,” Peter says in a small voice. With a grunt and a strained expression, he pushes himself up on his elbows. “It hardly even hurts anymore.”
Tony scoffs. He gives Peter a pat on the shoulder before turning to leave. “You’re a terrible liar, ki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sick Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
5+1 Things
Vomiting
Broken Bones
Stabbing
Laryngitis
Common Cold
Minor Injuries
gratuitous use of the word kid
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hiding Medical Issues
Chicken Pox
Irondad
Iron Dad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

