Chapter 1: The Initial Encounter
    




Chapter Text
The first time you meet Captain America and the Winter Soldier is on a Saturday just like any other. You've had a quiet morning at your favorite cafe, catching up on your budget and reading some of the long articles you've had open in tabs throughout the week. You made a few shopping lists for the errands you need to run this afternoon and feel good about the schedule you've created for the day. It's looking like your weekend will be relaxing and productive, and you have a little extra cash to go out with a friend tonight for dinner.
You don't mind your simple life. You kind of love it, to be honest. Sure, you enjoy adventures and thrillers as entertainment, but you know you wouldn't last a day in that kind of life.
 
There's a smile on your face as you leave the cafe, your mind thinking about how the weekend has just begun, you have a little plan for what you'll do, and you can't help but feel happy. As you approach the parking garage where you left your car, you start to hear a lot of loud noises. In general, loud noises in a city aren't something that would surprise you, but these are CLANGS and GRUNTS and SHOUTING, clearly not construction or people moving their things from a vehicle to an apartment. You keep walking to your car on the first level, observing your surroundings more than you normally would to try and figure out the source of the noises. The shouting and clanking only gets louder until you hear a car engine rev, the squeal of tires, and something quickly flies past in front of you and crashes into the garage wall. You stare at the object, flabbergasted because it looks so familiar. Is that a round shield? Is it that shield?
Before you can really consider how that particular shield has come to be embedded in a concrete wall barely ten feet away from you, a car comes rushing around the corner from a higher level of the garage with quick footsteps and shouting following right behind it. When you see the two men running after -- and practically keeping up with -- this car, your shock causes you to freeze and your jaw to literally drop: it's Captain America, and that metal arm can only mean that he's accompanied by the Winter Soldier. Your first thought is wondering what the hell are they doing in your city.
Your second thought is that pictures do not do justice to how huge they are.
The car quickly squeals out of the garage and gets to a speed beyond a pace that the two men can keep. Captain America runs back to grab his shield, and the Winter Soldier pulls out a fancy device.
"Our nearest transport is five minutes away. I can jack a car but it'll still take me a few minutes!"
"I really don't want to take someone's car, but we can't let them get too far from us or they'll be completely out of our reach."
"Well, unless you have Sam's wings hidden where I can't see them, we might not have a choice."
"You can use my car!" you shout.
Both men turn to you, clearly just realizing that you've been standing there the whole time. In the few seconds that they stare at you, you grab your keys off your bag and extend them in your hand in front of you, moving closer to them. You quickly pull your keys back for a moment to remove your house key, then throw your thumb over your shoulder to point at your little hatchback. "My title is in the glove compartment, and it's got my address on it! Just get it back to me when you're done, please!"
The Captain stares for another moment before minutely shaking his head and giving what you can only assume is his most patriotic smile, then he takes the keys from your hand. When he moves past you to get to your car, the Winter Soldier honest-to-god winks at you and says in a deep voice, "Thanks, sweetheart."
They slide into the car and you move out of the way. You congratulate yourself mentally for backing the car into the parking space that morning because the Captain is able to immediately drive forward and out of the garage. Captain America gives you a little wave and a thanks as they drive past, and you laugh a bit at how comically large they look in your little car.
Then you cringe when you realize you haven't vacuumed the inside for a few months.
You also realize that you just handed your main form of transportation over to two men who have a relatively poor record with vehicle return. Your plans for the day have been dramatically changed in less than three minutes.
 
You walk in a daze to the train stop that will get you within walking distance of your apartment. You haven't been this absorbed in a daydream since you were in middle school and a cute boy said Hi to you. You never expected to actually see a superhero, let alone meet one and help them on their mission! You don't live anywhere near New York City, and though your city is large, it's not the place where anyone would expect an alien attack or any crime grand enough to necessitate the intervention of Captain America and the Winter Soldier.
Seated on the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Self-Insert
Self-Indulgent
Explicit in later chapters
Cisgender Female Reader
taking care of supersoldiers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
(mostly comfort)
Enthusiastic Consent
safe sex
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Dirty Talk
speeches are steve's love language
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Threesome - F/M/M
Polyamory
the most fictional aspect of the story: birth control works 100 percent of the time
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
minor dissociation (winter soldier mindset)
minor Steve/Bucky/Peggy (referenced only)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

