Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
This fic was heavily inspired by this post http://shesellsseagulls.tumblr.com/post/174820537012/avengersnonsexualageplay so definite credit to everyone's article title ideas
Edit: fair warning, the first few chapters aren't my best writing, like, at all. but I promise it gets infinitely better soon :)) I've rewritten most of the first chapter to give you an idea of the writing quality later on(i'll come back and fix the rest when the story is finished)




Chapter Text
He was going to regret this. Oh god, Ned would never let him live it down. And MJ? Well, when it came to her response he may as well just start planning his own funeral so she didn't have to when this all inevitably blew up in his face. Peter didn’t even want to think about how Mr. Stark would react to what he was about to do.
 
He hit the publish button, before hiding from the rest of the world in the most secure, secret location he could possibly find. Which was, of course, under the covers of his bed.
 

 Oh my god 

 

 Ohmygod 

 

 Ohmygodohmygodohmygod 

 
Peter peered past the edges of his duvet to check his laptop screen and see if the article was still there.
 

“Insanely Cool and Relevant Spider-Man Helps Out At Local Soup Kitchen”

 
Yep. Peter Parker, absolute nobody, newest intern at Buzzfeed, nerdy high school student, secretly Spider-Man; had actually just posted an article about himself. Really though, it totally wasn't his fault that he'd been driven to such desperation. After all, he'd tried to think of something else to write about, really. He’d thought about his school, some of the smartest kids in the country all shoved into the one place must’ve had something interesting going on to write about. But no. He’d tried to think about his internship. When he had been actually working with Mr. Stark he’d had an incredible time. But his managers just weren’t interested in that kind of writing.
 
They wanted something snappy. Something opinionated. Something about Spider-Man.
 
And Peter Parker? Well he was nothing if not a people-pleaser. Thinking back on it, maybe that was his biggest fault. Maybe it was actually the cause of all of his problems and he should take this entire experience as a sign from the universe that he should never ever leave his house again, because now that he had succumbed to this pressure who knew what he would do next? He might try to take over the city. Or start a riot. Or poison the water supply. Or whatever other dumb schemes supervillains normally thought up because if he could willingly publish an article about himself there was practically no stopping him.
 
Peter groaned in anguish and huddled further under the covers.
 
-
 
It took four minutes before the phone rang.
 
“Peter Benjamin Parker what the fuck am I looking at?”
 
“How do you even know my middle name?” he asked.
 
“Did I stutter Benjamin?”
 
“MJ. I have no idea what you are talking about.” Honestly, Peter thought he might just have gotten away with it. For once in his life his voice hadn’t cracked in that high pitched squeak the way it normally did when he lied. He sounded like a real, normal person, the type of normal, average, generic human being who doesn't go around writing articles about their own secret identities online. 
 
Static crackled through her voice as he held the phone closer to his ear, “Well Peter, I was just inquiring as to why I have come across a Buzzfeed article about my good friend Spider-Man.” At this point he was genuinely willing to bet that she was just pausing for dramatic effect because she is evil like that. The pause must've been deemed dramatic enough because eventually she continued to speak.
 
“While this in itself is not strange, the fact that this particular article is signed with the name of my other good friend Peter Parker, is.”
 
His mind grappled with dozens of half-baked excuses that would justify the extreme stupidity he was displaying at the moment, but even he knew Michelle would not put up any more poorly thought out lies. Silence was clearly the safest option for him.
 
“And why,” she continued “did you not let me in on this brilliant plan?”
 
Wait. He paused again. Just to make sure that what he heard was actual sincere excitement from her and not sarcasm.
 
“What?”
 
“You. Letting me in. On exploiting your most interesting and valuable resource.”
 
“Exploiting?”
 
“Yeah dumbass. I gotta admit, I’m a little jealous I didn’t come up with this idea first. I mean, really, hiding in plain sight is surprisingly brilliant of you. Not only are you going to be the most legit and informed source on Spider-Man but you are now publicly tying yourself to him which only an idiot would do if they were the real Spider-Man. I’m actually impressed.”
 
She was a gift from heaven, he was sure of it. Unbeknownst to her she had just given him the single greatest excuse in the history of mankind. There was obviously no way everyone wouldn’t find out about his Spider-Man arti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Iron dad and Spider son
Peter is a Little Shit
everyone thinks peter is in love with Spider-Man whoops
I am cherry picking canon
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
infinity war? i dont know her
Fluff
Social Media
does this count as...
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

