Work Text:

FEBRUARY 10TH
 Honestly, he thought he could keep the secret longer than this. 
 

FEBRUARY 3RD

 
Despite the feeling of coercion when it came to joining Midtown’s track team, Peter enjoyed it. He couldn’t always be going out as Spiderman (and when he did, he had to keep a low profile), so there weren’t many other opportunities to work out. Sure, Peter was allowed to go on jogs through the park so long as he wore his tracking bracelet (always fixed by the end of every patrol, to keep away suspicion) and had an escort, running nearby.But he could never just run – just go as fast as he could and keep running until his enhanced body finally gave out, lungs straining, heart screaming, legs shaking like they would never hold him up again.He couldn’t do that at school, either – at least, not for long. Peter had cemented himself as the fastest runner in the team to avoid forcing himself to play down his abilities too much. Sure, he was still holding back, but not as much as he could be.So when he was at track, he could just run, listening to Coach Wilson’s distant yelling and whistle blowing; taking the lead on the small pack of runners who joined him each week.It was still early in the year, so they usually ran around the indoor gym – but that day was inexplicably warm for a Friday in early February, so they ran outside. The field wasn’t big, nor well maintained, but there was a regulation running track and plenty of time for Peter to spend, focusing his hearing on the sounds of his feet slapping against the ground.Eventually, the track team finished their runs and collapsed on the grass, chugging water until their bottles dried up.“Parker,” Coach Wilson barked, sidling over. “Nice work today. We don’t have track meets for another few months, but when we do, we might finally win one.”Peter shot a glance over to the other runners, but none of them seemed to mind the insinuation. He knew that most of them joined because they either liked running or had negotiated their way out of gym class by joining the team – Peter knew it was a popular incentive; getting a free period twice a week and spending an hour running or playing football after class.“Thanks, Coach,” Peter replied. He was worn out, sure, but he had to put on a bit of an act. He found he was always acting; he was either pretending he couldn’t run as fast as he could, or that he was a home-schooled kid, or that he was actually at Ned’s when he said he was. Somehow, his life was twisting itself into a series of seemingly minor white lies.(Peter knew they were anything but. White lies had a tendency to grow and fade to darker shades; his life had been a lie since age six when he was told that HYDRA was who he was, when Parker became his last name, when he slipped up at age nine; crying and calling the scientist that would later mutate his cells Dad, just to beg for comfort. Lies were spiralling, fickle creatures, and if he didn’t look out, they were going to swallow him whole.)Happy was waiting for him out front when they were done. He hadn’t changed, and threw his backpack of clothes and books ahead of him into the backseat when he clambered in.“Kid, you reek,” was all Happy said.Peter nodded his acknowledgement and relaxed into the leather car seat, shutting his eyes and letting the journey pass him by. Silently, he was figuring out the weekend’s plan – because that’s what his life was now, avoiding and dodging questions from his parents and pretending that was okay.
They just want what’s best for you. Maybe they won’t freak out if you told them about Spiderman. They might not even stop you.
He hadn’t felt bad at first, but Pepper always asked what he got up to at Ned’s and soon the lies were beginning to take over. Peter didn’t know how he’d gotten himself into this mess; how he could have ever thought that lying to the only people that cared about him was the better option.He’d listened to Pepper cry once, while pretending to be asleep in a hospital bed.(Pretending, pretending, always pretending.)He didn’t want her to feel that kind of hurt again. Not Pepper, not his Mom.Peter climbed out of the car when it finally stopped, sending a quick thanks to Happy and trudging into the house. The front door was always locked with a key, needed a biometric scan of his right forefinger and an approved facial scan from FRIDAY to open.“Welcome home, Peter,” FRIDAY greeted when he shut the door behind him.“Hey, FRI, where is everybody?”“Boss is in the lab, downstairs, and Mrs Boss is in the kitchen.”Peter blew out a breath and followed the scent of cooking, to where Pepper was stood over the stove, stirring a pot.“Hey, honey,” she called over her shoulder. “How was track?”“Fine,” Peter said. “I’m still fast.”“That’s good.” Pepper took a glance at him, still in his gym clothes, and wrinkled her nose. “You’re going to have a shower before dinner, right?”Peter cracked a smile and waved a hand. “Yeah, yeah. Just thought I’d say hello.”“Well, hello. Dinner’s in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teen for language
Peter says Fuck
Angst
Intrusive Thoughts
depressive episodes
i guess
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

