Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter swung from his web. He was high in the air flying among the debris of a dead planet. Titan is what Mr. Stark had called it. He was trying to wrap his mind around what was happening considering Thanos had just thrown a MOON at them. That would’ve been awesome if it hadn’t been meant to kill them.He focused on the task at hand. Saving his new friends who were half floating half falling through the air. “I got you! I got you!” He fired webs at them and hung them up on a piece of debris. “Sorry I can’t remember anybody’s names!”He made sure they were safe and saw Thanos and Mr. Dr. Strange fighting. He wanted to intervene but there was nothing he could do against the kind of power Thanos had. Strange fired orange blasts from both of his hands at Thanos. Thanos jumped up and fired a purple beam from the Power Stone. Strange used the mirror dimension to stop it and push it back to Thanos. It flew at him and Thanos broke it, used the Space Stone to make a black hole, and pushed it at Strange. Strange, in just the nick of time, used a spell to turn it into butterflies.Strange rose up and made dozens of duplicates of himself. He used his powers to form whips to grab at Thanos. They latched on and Strange pulled. Thanos barely managed to make a fist, activating the Power and Soul Stones. The Power Stone broke the spell and the Soul stone found the real Strange. Thanos used the gauntlet to pull Strange toward him.Thanos grabbed Strange by the throat. “You’re full of tricks, Wizard. But you never once used your greatest weapon.” Thanos ripped the necklace off of Strange. He crushed it in his hand. “A fake.” He said as he let the pieces fall from his hand.He threw Strange aside and temporarily knocked him unconscious.Tony flew into battle afterward and began to fight Thanos. He used his nano tech suit it its full capabilities. He clamped down on the gauntlet and hit Thanos with a battering ram made of nano parts. Thanos wiped at his face. “All that for a drop of blood.” He smiled and knocked Tony away. He got back up and shot a powerful blast from both hands at Thanos. But Thanos used the Space Stone to create a shield. It came to close quarters again. Thanos had Tony’s left arm but he used his right arm and what nano parts he had left to create a dagger. Tony jabbed it at Thanos who grabbed it, broke it, and shoved it through Tony’s lower left torso. Tony gasped. He began to breathe heavily as blood began to flow from his mouth. “You have my respect Stark,” Tony didn’t even know what to say. “When I’m done half of humanity will still be alive.” Thanos took a step back. “I hope they remember you.” The four Stones on the gauntlet lit up as Thanos made a fist and prepared to kill Tony. “Stop!” Thanos and Tony both turned to look. It was Strange. “Spare his life, and I will give you the Stone.” “No tricks?” Thanos questioned. Strange shook his head. Thanos pointed the gauntlet at him and held his free hand out to take the Stone. He put his hand up as the Time Stone faded into view. He sent it Thanos’ way. “Don’t!” Tony pleaded, but it was too late.Thanos grabbed it and held up the gauntlet, looking at the slot on the thumb. He placed it there as the energy of another Stone, five now, surged through his body. He looked at the gauntlet in pure admiration. “One to go.”“Ahhhhhh!” There was a loud cry from Quill as he fired a few blasts from his blasters. They hit the gauntlet doing no damage as Thanos closed his fist to activate the Space Stone and escape through a portal. When the puff of blue energy disappeared Quill took off his mask. “Where is he?” His face went white. “Did we just lose?”Tony used a piece of nano tech to help seal the wound Thanos gave him, and looked back at Strange. “Why would you do that?” He had a regretful tone of voice. Tony really had been willing to die if it meant that trillions would survive because of it. “We’re in the end game now.” Was all Strange said.Peter swung down from a web carrying Mantis and Drax thanks to the extra arms. He set them down and gasped when he saw Tony.“Oh my God Mr. Stark are you okay? What happened?” “Thanos,” was all Tony wanted to say. Quill looked full of regret. Strange just sat on the rock, appearing to be deep in thought. “Stark.” Strange said. Tony looked at him. “Where would Thanos have gone?”“No telling. I know to Earth but I don’t know where. Vision is off the grid and he has the Mind Stone. Thanos will get it eventually.”Quill spoke up. “Then we have to get to Earth. We’ll take my ship.”Nebula spoke up. “I’ll scan for energy signatures on Earth that are similar to the Stones when we get on the ship.”Peter helped Tony to his feet as all of them slowly made their way to the Milano. When they got on board, Quill and the Guardians got into their seats and instructed Peter and Tony to sit in the back of the ship. Peter sat directly behind Quill and completely geeked out over the fact that he was in another space ship. “What does th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Shuri
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers Family
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Protective Avengers
Civil War Fix-It
Avengers Infinity War Fix-It (sort of)
Precious Peter Parker
Adorable Peter
Peter is a dork
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
They’re besties
vine references
tech nerds
avengers as a family
Avengers love Peter
Team as Family
Fanboy Peter Parker
Peter is basically Tony’s kid
Infinity Stones
Infinity Gauntlet
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Shuri
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

