Chapter 1: Invitation
    




Chapter Text


Chapter 1 – Invitation


Tony looks at the phone in his hand, spinning it between finger and thumb as he debates whether or not to make the call. He isn’t sure what is bothering him more: the voice he’ll hear on the other end, or the fact he’ll have to make it on such an antique. Trust that man to send him what was in all likelihood the oldest phone he could get his hands on.
             Frustrated he lets it fall onto the table in front of him and leans back on the sofa, hand automatically reaching out for a glass, before remembering that he hasn’t poured himself a drink. He’d told himself he couldn’t until he’d made the call.
             Stupid idea, he grumbles under his breath. Sitting forwards again and running his hands over his face.
             ‘Are you intending to use the cell phone at all this evening, or are you just going to look at it?’ a monotone voice says from the side.
             Tony sits up, startled by the intruder into his thoughts, and sees Vision standing in the doorway, the mind stone glowing on his forehead. He shakes his head as the humanoid takes a seat opposite him. ‘I will, Vision, I promise. I’m just-’
             ‘Stalling?’ Tony knows that Vision doesn’t mean it to be accusatory, but he hears it anyway. Feels as though that’s all he’s been hearing recently. ‘What is it that’s making you not want to call?’
             Afraid to look Vision in the eye, knowing he can probably read his thoughts with that damn stone anyway, Tony sighs again. ‘I’m scared,’ he admits.
             ‘Of Captain Rogers?’
             Tony shrugs, wishing even more that he’d allowed himself that drink. When he dares to look up, he sees a patient face and eyes asking him to explain. Sometimes it’s easy to forget that, before he became a sentient being, Vision was JARVIS. Vision knows him better than anyone, even Pepper; which meant he was the most patient with him.
             Also made him the world’s worst nag when it came to his self-destructive habits. He was still able to predict when they’d happen almost to the minute.
             ‘They do say that a problem shared is a problem halved,’ Vision comments, leaning back in his chair.
             Tony snorts. ‘They also say curiosity killed the cat, but that doesn’t seem to be stopping you.’ Vision merely angles his head slightly. Tony looks down at the phone on the table in front of them again. ‘What if it’s not enough?’ he asks quietly.
             ‘You won’t know until you call him, and you’ve given Captain Rogers plenty of time to read through the documents,’ Vision counters.
             Tony nods, and links his fingers, resting his elbows on his knees and pressing his mouth to his hands. It’s been four days since Steve would have received the document. The document that has taken over Tony’s life for the past six months.
             The document that cost him any future chance with Pepper. But that might just bring back the rest of the team.
             For six months Tony has worked non-stop on getting the Accords changed into something that he hoped Steve and the others could live with. Or at least come back and help him change more. He’d argued, he’d bargained, he’d asked - he couldn’t quite make himself beg - with the Secretary General and the rest of the appointed UN Council, slowly getting changes.
             He’d done it alone. And he was tired. But he couldn’t stop. He’d promised Vision he’d get Wanda home. Get them all home.
             ‘Tony,’ and boy did it still feel strange hearing his old AI’s voice call him that, ‘you did not ask me to take those papers to Wanda to just stare at the phone Captain Rogers gave you. You’ve never stopped during a plan before, even when it’s been an extremely ill-advised one; why are you starting now?’
             Vision’s right. He’s always known that his ‘requests for leave’ have been to go and meet Wanda; he’s never mentioned it so that they can all have deniability if it ever went tits up and they got caught. When Vision had been preparing to leave the last time, only seven days ago now, he’d given him a folder asking him to pass it on to his ‘girlfriend’ to pass on to their ‘mutual friend’. Even in the facility, at least during the day, he’d been worried about using names in case any of the day staff overheard.
             ‘I promise I’ll bring them all home,’ that’s what he’d said. The humanoid hadn’t said a thing, just nodded and tucked the folder into his bag and left. He’d returned four days ago. Four days for Wanda to have given the folder to Steve and for the super-soldier to have read it.
             A folder containing the newly agreed Accords. They would be separate from the UN as before, but would not be able to perform missions without express consent and would still be answerable to the Council. They could, however, go somewhere if the need was deemed great enough without prior consent. Tony had purposefully left that as a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Family
Romance
Action/Adventure
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

