Chapter 1: Team Bifrost
    




Chapter Text

Team Bifrost
 
Peter never thought that a week before winter break was when Ben would finally break. 
 
Albeit it had been two and a half years since May had died. Two and a half years of listening to mean names and having to pay the rent. Threats of being kicked out and afraid to go home 

cause he’ll just be drunk again and yell at you and god dammit Ben you were the one who got me through 


everything


 when I was younger.

 
It physically hurt to see his uncle turn into the man he’d become over the past two and a half years. He didn’t think his life could get any suckier, especially with every aspect of Peter Parker’s life going on a roller coaster ride.
 
Spiderman was fine though. Spiderman was the only part of Peter Parker that 

had

 to be fine. Everything else can go to shit.
 

Like your sanity Parker. I’m still here.

 
Peter thought it would end at the name calling. No, he 

hoped

 it would end at the insults and threats and breaking bottles over his head. Ben had hit him a few times, but nothing serious. 
 
Nothing like this.
 
Nothing like the sharp knives sliding across his cheek drawing slivers of blood 

it’ll heal by morning

. Nothing like being shoved to the ground so hard that his shoulder popped, 

no it dislocated...again

. Nothing like being kicked so hard in the gut he felt like he was gonna throw up 

the nothing that you ate

. 
 

Nothing like this.

 
By Ben. Not by Ben. Ben was so nice to him. Ben took him in, and fed him food, and read him stories, and watched movies, and called him names, and made him pay the rent and-and-
 
Ben had 

changed

. 
 
Ben had become cruel. Disgusting. Mean. Threatened to kick him out and made him pay for the things that should already be paid for him because he was a freaking 

kid

. 
 
He was a kid and he knew that. Everyone told him that. It was the reason he got sidelined when he was with the Avengers - or at least they tried to sideline him, but Spidey was a free lance hero who didn’t take order from anyone, not even the Avengers. He was always poked fun at because of his age, but he didn’t 

feel

 his age. He felt older because he was saddled with the responsibilities of an adult and got the privileges of a kid. It was unfair. Sure, Peter had realized by now that everything in life was unfair - especially to him. That didn’t mean he didn’t get a little huffy when people - especially the Avengers - judged him because he was a kid. It was a childish reaction, but he was entitled to it. 
 
Just like he was entitled to be taken care of by someone other than himself.
 
Maybe it was the fact that he always took care of himself, that he didn’t ever actively seek out help in others. Everybody he knew said that was a trait he should get rid of sooner rather than later, because if he got rid of it when he was officially an adult, then no one would help him. Because that was when he was supposed to take care of himself.
 
But yeah, he was Spiderman. He could take a punch. He’d been shot before, so this didn’t hurt physically so much as the meaning behind it. It meant Ben didn’t care about him anymore. Peter Parker had officially lost his second set of parents in 16 years.
 
He really wasn’t any good at this, was he?
 
OoOoO
 
It was on Monday when Peter had hobbled into school on a now semi-fractured leg that Ned knew something was wrong.
 
Peter got injuries on patrol sure, but those were cuts and bruises that usually healed before he even woke up. In the past two and a half years, Peter had gotten better at being Spiderman. Which meant taking down baddies were easier. He made little to no mistakes web slinging. And he wasn’t as clumsy or careless as he was when he first started. 
 
Which meant that a semi-fractured leg was a 

big deal

.
 
“Dude, what happened last night?” Ned whispered harshly in his ear. Peter had the gall to look at him like he didn’t know what he was talking about. Ned rolled his eyes and gestured to the leg. “If you don’t tell me, I’ll get MJ.” He threatened and Peter looked a little panicked at that. MJ always knew how to make Peter Parker talk. Even the threat of telling her was enough to scare him. She’d find out anyway, no way this was going unnoticed.
 
“I just fell and landed on it wrong.” Peter shrugged off, ignoring the pitch his voice decided to take. “I’m fine.” 

No you’re not

.
 
“Landed on it wrong?” Ned echoed in a bland tone that meant he didn’t believe him. 

Because Spiderman doesn’t just ‘land on it wrong’. Idiot.

 Peter shrugged innocently as the bell rang.
 
“Gotta get to class. See you at lunch dude.” He said quickly as he closed his locker and left in a quick fashion. Well as quick as one could get on a semi-fractured leg.
 
“We’ll talk about this later.” Ned said behind him and Peter tried at a nonchalant shrug, but his expression was anything but guilty and worried.
 
When Peter sat down at the table he was immediately assaulted by MJ.
 
“You’re stu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Pepper Potts
she knows whats up
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Tony Stark
He will get the happiness he deserves
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Peter Parker is a Puppy
5+1 Things
Peter is Jewish
Holidays
Cookies
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

