Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Steve paced around his apartment, torturing the pen clutched in his fist until the clip broke clean off and he tossed it away in frustration. He pulled his phone out for the hundredth time.


He only had a handful of contacts listed in it, and of those, only a few ever texted him. Only one with any frequency. He opened his recent messages and the name at the top loomed over him from the tiny phone screen: Tony Stark. And his latest message, sent that morning:



6pm.



That was all - no instructions, no information. Just a time. Steve checked the clock. It was 5:57pm. He started pacing again. 


He'd packed nothing but what he had in his pockets - his phone, his keys, his wallet - and he tried to sink into that place where he didn't care, where it felt good that he didn't know what was coming. But he couldn't do it on his own; the more he tried to, the more twisted up he felt until he was wound so tight he thought something might snap. What if there was something he needed and he hadn't thought to bring it? He stopped his endless loop in front of the bedroom door. 



No, 

he told himself firmly. 

Tony always tells you what to bring.



The ringing of the buzzer shocked him out of his fraught holding pattern and sent him skittering out the door before he realized what his feet were doing. The click of the lock engaging was loud in the empty hallway, but not as loud as his pounding heart. He didn't know what he was going to find waiting for him out front. He took the stairs two at a time, trying to convince himself it was like ripping off a bandaid.


Idling in the 

No Idling 

lane was a sleek, black town car, fancy, but unusually understated for Tony. The driver was in the front seat and the back door was open, waiting ominously. The driver didn't step out to close Steve's door or take his bags, which he supposed made sense since he had no bags anyway. 


But the worst part of it was that the car was otherwise empty.


Steve wrestled his immediate frown into something less like a pout and slid into the backseat before he could hesitate. He pulled the door shut and the car started to roll down the drive. 


What Steve had taken for an empty car, actually wasn't. Tony wasn't there - no, apparently Steve wasn't worth joining - but on the seat beside him sat a sleek, black snap-case, the kind jewellers used to display necklaces that cost more than Steve's entire backpay and that Tony bought when he was bored on the internet. Steve knew what was in the case, and he'd have to open it before they arrived at their destination, but not just yet. He couldn't face it just yet. 


The buildings rolled past the windows as they inched their way out of the city. Steve watched them go by without registering what he was seeing. His mind was a whirl of other things, thoughts of Tony, mostly. Of the last time they'd done this… Only it wasn't quite like this, because last time, Tony had been in the car with him.


Steve looked at the closed jewelry case again, a sudden pain in his jaw telling him he was clenching his teeth. As he stared, a wave of nauseous uncertainty washed over him, flushing through his veins until he was overheated, the back of his neck springing up with sweat.


He didn't know what he was supposed to 

do. 

That was the whole goddamn point -


His phone rang: 

Tony Stark

.


"Hello?" 


"What are you wearing, hot stuff?" Tony purred into the phone, sounding more like one of those late night ads for women than anything else.


Steve's eyes flicked up to where the back of the driver's head poked up over the seat. They hadn't said a word to each other, but he could sense him listening. "Tony." The word was rough and ragged, sounding needy and disgruntled all at the same time, but Tony always had that effect on him. He turned Steve inside out until everything he was feeling was on reckless display. Steve wished for the hundredth time that he didn't need that so badly.


Tony didn't respond to the chastisement, but Steve wasn't so naive as to think he'd ignored it. "How are you feeling?" Tony asked, and this time it was a real question, firm, grounding.


"Confused," Steve said honestly. "Where are you?"


"Who gave you permission to ask?" Tony sounded almost amused, but Steve didn't take that at face value. He fell silent, sure anything he said would be wrong, and after a moment, Tony went on. "There were some things I wanted to get ready. I'll be here when you arrive."


Cool relief washed out the panic still pumping through Steve's veins, and he relaxed against the car seat with a heavy breath. Apparently, that was all he needed to know. He'd assumed Tony would be there - wherever there was - but he'd needed to hear it from Tony himself. Tony would be waiting there, so all Steve needed to do was sit here while they drove. Then Tony would tell him what to do next. 


"Tell me about your day," Tony said.


Steve scoffed. "You want to hear about my day?"


There was a half-be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Kink
Sex Vacation
Painplay
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Cockwarming
Internalized Homophobia
Internalized Kinkphobia
Steve is always fighting with himself
just let go and be happy boo
Some angst and feels
Light breathplay
Whipping
Spanking
Topping from the Bottom
Feeding
Control
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Non-Sexual Submission
Collars
Clothing Control
Massage
Bathing/Washing
Kink Fic
Mentions of Canon Illness
Human Furniture
with art

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

