Work Text:
Peter’s hands were shaking.Those two black lines changed everything and he felt his knees go weak. He sat on the toilet bowl’s closed lid, clutching the pregnancy test.He was so stupid. So stupid… They should’ve used condoms. They shouldn’t have had sex during his heat. A variety of reasons came to mind, but honestly… They had just been careless. He could hear his sex ed teacher saying how the only way to ensure 100% that there’d be no pregnancy was celibacy. Yeah, that was basically impossible for them, especially with the chemistry he had with Tony. His alpha’s scent was irresistible to him and Peter should’ve been more careful.No, they both should’ve been. A knock on the door startled him.“Baby, you still in there?” Tony’s groggy voice came through the door.The alpha’s voice brought him back to reality. He was hiding out in Tony’s bathroom, having left the older man asleep. It was a bright morning, the first that Peter was able to stay over in months. He should’ve been curled up against his alpha’s side, completely oblivious to what was going on inside his body… He would’ve been too, at least for a bit longer, if he hadn’t had to go pee.MJ had slipped him the pregnancy test at school after a week of complaining about different things. Peter hadn’t taken it seriously until now.“Babe?” Tony called again, sounding more alert.Peter had a moment of panic before he shoved the pregnancy test and the packaging into his backpack.“Uh… Just a minute!” Peter called through the door.Peter was only in one of Tony’s old shirts and his boxers. His hair was still sleep mused, curls wild and all over the place. He left the backpack on the counter and snatched his phone up. The teen opened the door just slightly and peeked out from the small crack it made.“There you are,” Tony smiled through the crack. He was leaning against the frame, eyes half mast and his smile so sleepy and warm.Peter felt his heart melt and he opened the door fully.“Woke up and you weren’t there,” Tony complained. “What were you doing? You were gone for like 15 minutes.”Quick thinking saved him and Peter waved his phone at the alpha.“Sorry,” Peter said a little breathlessly, “I was looking at um, memes.”Tony cocked a brow, but the smile on his face didn’t falter.“Don’t judge me,” Peter said instinctively. He felt a smile tugging on his lips and it was so easy to forget what he had just found out. What Tony still wasn’t aware of.Suddenly, Peter felt so alone and the omega opened his mouth, ready to spill everything to his alpha. But then he was being embraced, Tony’s arms pulling him into a loose hug.“I’m just messing with you, kid,” Tony told him. “Now, are we going back to bed? It’s godawful early.”Peter looked up at Tony, letting the alpha’s scent soothe the anxiety he felt. He gave a silent nod, pushing everything away for another time. Was it so bad that he just wanted to enjoy what they had for one more morning?As they laid curled up in bed, Tony’s body playing big spoon to Peter’s little spoon, Peter decided to tell Tony when they woke up.It could wait a little longer. 
 Of course, things didn’t pan out the way Peter planned. He woke up with Tony beside him, hands flying over his Stark pad as he manipulated his schematics in bed.It was once again easy to curl up against his side, Peter’s sleepy eyes mesmerized by the movement of Tony’s hands. They were so elegant and fast, every twitch of his fingers controlled and intentional as he worked on the project.When Peter woke, the alpha had been speaking to himself, or well, to FRIDAY. His voice had been a quiet, familiar sound and Peter found himself being lulled back into a light doze.“Hmm?” Came Peter’s sleepy murmur when he realized Tony was actually talking to him.The alpha paused in his ramblings, just long enough to drop a kiss onto the boy’s head.“Nothing, sweetheart, just talking out the problem,” Tony said.“Mmk,” Peter acknowledged. He was more awake now. Tony continued on, addressing either himself, Peter, or FRIDAY.It occurred to Peter then, that Tony would’ve made an excellent teacher. His enthusiasm for whatever project he was working on was contagious and the way he went over components and explanations made it easy for Peter’s to understand.Yeah, Peter’s sleepy mind agreed. Tony would be a great teacher. Or father.Peter froze at the thought but… he could see it. His alpha with a little child next to them or Tony carrying their son or daughter on his shoulders, showing them the wonders of his technology. He’d explain each component, their child nodding along with wide brown eyes. Of course, their kid wouldn’t understand everything Tony would explain, but Peter was certain the alpha wouldn’t hold it against them.Tony could get restless sometimes, but he was always patient with Peter. The omega was certain Tony would be the same for their kids, loving and patient.“What’s on your mind?” Tony nudged him gently to get his attention. “You’ve been staring at me for the past 5 minutes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Mpreg
Breeding
Dirty Talk
Knotting
Established Relationship
Daddy Kink
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

