Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 All the leaves are brown, and the sky is gray. I went for a walk on a winter's day... Gravel crunches under the tires of the Rolls Royce as it trundles up the country road. The Winter Soldier peers through the scope and adjusts his grip, his finger ghosting over the trigger. He's been in position for hours, has watched his targets for over two weeks before this. He knows their routine.This is the first day of a long weekend in the Stark Family country estate. No one will think to look for them until at least Monday.The Soldier takes careful aim. If he misses, he will have to eliminate his targets individually. This is much cleaner.He fires.With the silencer, the shot is noiseless, but the blown tire is not. The expensive Rolls Royce had been on the final turn before a wide country driveway. It skids onto the soft shoulder, and flips on its side to slide down a steep ravine.Carefully, the Soldier stows his rifle and makes his way down the slope, dragging piles of dry brush behind him. No one will see the wreckage from the roadway.The Rolls Royce has rolled twice before fetching up against an oak tree at the bottom of the ravine. The Soldier sees that the woman has been ejected from her seat. Maria Stark. She is dead. He mentally crosses her off his list.Ripping away the car door from its hinges, he peers inside.Howard Stark has a trickle of blood coming from the corner of his mouth. His breathing is wet and ragged. He's stirring weakly, perhaps alerted by his four-year-old child who is screaming from the back seat.Howard Stark opens his eyes and looks at the Soldier. There is no anger or fear in his gaze -- but something else. Something that gives the Soldier pause. This is not an expression he has seen from his targets before."Bucky," the man rasps. His hands claw weakly at his seatbelt, but his gaze is unfocused and vague. Dying. "Get Tony... Take care of my son."The name rattles around in the Soldier's head for a few moments without purchase.Howard takes a rattling breath, then shudders. He dies with his eyes half open.The child is still crying, tear tracks running down his face. But he seems unhurt, and is unbuckling himself from his baby car seat with surprising dexterity.The Soldier captures him just as he manages to free himself, and hauls the boy out of the car. His metal hand clamps over the boy's mouth and nose. The boy goes silent, his eyes big and terrified and staring.One twitch to break the neck is all it will take.In the Soldier's pocket is a lighter -- the authorities will assume the fire sparked from the car crash and caught dry brush. The flames will cleanse all evidence he was here.
Bucky... Take care of my son.
Finish the assignment, the Soldier thinks.
Bucky, take care of my son.

Bucky...
The Soldier drops his hand. The child screams, wriggles, and tries to bite him, but the Soldier has fought much stronger foes. Screams do not bother him. He holds Tony under one arm and starts the fire with the other. Then he turns and walks into the forest.By the time they are a quarter mile away, the child has exhausted himself into tired whimpers.The Soldier stops and adjusts the child to carry him on one hip.The mission is finished. He must return to the rendezvous point.
Why? Why should I?
The Soldier stops in place, shakes his head. This second thought rattles around where before there had been only silence. Only the mission.He moves on, but... where is he going?He cannot return until he finishes his assignment. The boy is alive. His work is not complete. He will be expected to end him.It's only then he realizes he doesn't want to.He stops again. "Tony."The word is odd in his mouth -- he isn't used to speaking other than to confirm his orders.The boy stirs at the sound of his name. The Soldier places his hand on the back of the boy's neck, not to kill this time. He does not know why he does it, only that Tony sniffles at the touch."I want Jarvis," the boy whimpers."You are safe now," the Soldier says.   The Soldier owns no car, no transportation. He hiked into these hills and so he hikes out of them.By now the fire has grown, and the fire department has been called. Tony perks up at the sound of sirens. The Soldier stops and turns the boy's head so he looks him in the eye."Keep quiet. If you scream, someone may hear, and then you will die."Perhaps another child as young would not understand the concept of death, but he feels Tony tremble at his words."But... firemen are good guys."The Soldier tilts his head and chooses his words carefully. "There are bad men everywhere."He does not mention he is one of them.Tony begins to cry again, but quietly.The Soldier continues in the general direction of the closest town.He forgets himself several times, and begins to return to the rendezvous point twice, three times, before he remembers he cannot.
No, the child should live. Tony. Bucky. Keep my son safe.
It helps that Tony periodically rouses enough to fight him. "Let me go! No!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Kidnapping
Parent Bucky Barnes
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Kid Tony Stark
Kid Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

