Work Text:
Peter looked cute in his little Spiderman outfit. Tony had him for the next couple of days, courtesy of his brother taking the wife to a Halloween party. They wanted to relive their glory days, partying it up without having to worry about watching over their teenager son.
And hey, since Tony and Peter were really really close, they had no problem dropping their son off with him. Tony had his fair share of partying when he was younger. Nowadays, he enjoyed staying in more and spending time with his nephew.
His brother never suspected, but Tony knew why Peter kept wanting to spend so much time with him.
The kid had a crush on Tony.
It was extremely obvious, at least to Tony who had a vast amount of experience dealing with these things.
Tony knew that he shouldn’t be encouraging this behavior… He knew better… But he couldn’t help adding fuel to the fire.
His nephew was just too adorable, eyes trailing after the older man and cherry red lips caught between his teeth.
Even now, cuddled together, Tony knew he should be putting distance between them. But the amount of booze in his blood and the warmth of Peter’s body told him to just toss that idea right out. Fuck it, his nephew had no right to be as tempting as he was. Not when the kid hadn’t even had his first kiss.
One of Peter’s legs were thrown over his own, the boy’s smaller body tucked against his side. Out of sheer stubbornness, the teen was still wearing his Spiderman costume.
He had been sulking earlier because someone had told him that he was too old to go trick or treating. So instead, Tony threw his own Halloween party, VIP access only.
Just the two of them.
Peter was grateful, of course, snuggling up to his uncle as they watched Hocus Pocus on the TV. Well, Peter may have been watching, but Tony was paying attention to something else entirely.
He was also trying to be a decent man. A good uncle. But Peter was making it hard, literally. Tony’s eyes trailed over his nephew’s long limbs, encased in that tight suit of blue and red. Peter had grown up quite a bit in the last year, but he still had that sweet, sweet quality about him. It made Tony want to dirty the boy up.
“It feels wrong,” Peter commented, nudging Tony with a costume clad knee.
Hearing those words, the older man froze, caught in his own guilt. Tony wondered if Peter had realized that his uncle was thinking such lustful thoughts about him.
“What does?” Tony asked, playing it cool.
The boy turned to face him, sweet brown eyes unhappy and those lips of his puckered into a small pout.
“No candy on Halloween,” Peter told him.
Tony was both relieved and a little disappointed. It was his own mind jumping to conclusions, knowing what dirty thoughts lurked in Tony’s mind.
Peter had such a sweet tooth, it wasn’t surprising that he was craving some candy. That made Tony smirk a little. He actually had a couple pieces of jolly ranchers cause he knew Peter enjoyed them.
Tony showed the boy, the candy wrapped sweet dangling from his fingertips. He smiled when Peter’s eyes lit up.
“Ohh, I love cherry,” Peter said, all eager and excited with the promise of sugar.
“Ah, ah. Not so fast, kid,” Tony laughed, keeping the piece of candy away from Peter’s grabby hands. “You gotta do something for me first.”
“What? Tonnny…!” The pout came back full force and even then, despite being the pervert that he was, Tony felt a pinch of shame for the spike of heat he felt flooding his body.
He unwrapped the bit of candy and pressed it to Peter’s lips. Of course, Peter happily took it in, not questioning Tony’s actions even a little bit. He couldn’t have noticed the tiny shiver Tony did when he felt the boy’s tongue accidentally swipe over his fingers.
“Wha’d you want?” Peter asked, smiling and all happy with his treat.
The boy had no clue just how much his actions were provoking Tony but he’d learn.
“A taste,” Tony said before he leaned down and covered Peter’s lips with his own.
It was pure bliss for one second before Peter reared back.
“Uncle Tony?!” Peter exclaimed, eyes wide. He touched his lips in disbelief, looking up at the older man with shock in those pretty eyes. His cheeks were stained a bashful pink.
Tony cupped the boy’s cheek with his warm palm and it was such a good sign when Peter leaned into his touch.
“What? I can’t have a taste, Petey pie?” Tony asked, murmuring the words even as he leaned closer.
“I… Tony …” Peter whispered, still in shock even when Tony leaned down for another kiss.
The shock didn’t last for long after that. The boy’s arms wrapped around his neck after the third kiss and he was so eager for Tony’s touch, for anything really, that he was basically climbing into Tony’s lap.
His nephew was so new to this, so pure, that Tony immediately felt possessive and all too smug that he was going to take as much as Peter would give him.
Apparently, Peter was willing to give him everything.
Even as unsure as he was, Peter let Tony do anything he wanted. His limbs trembled when Tony peeled
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Uncle/Nephew Incest
Loss of Virginity
Barebacking
Older Man/Younger Man
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

