Chapter 1: Requirements: intelligence, flexibility and discretion
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



 
 
His finger hovered over the ‘submit’ button. Was it a bad idea? Hell, yes! Was he going to do it? Oh, fuck it!
 
He clicked the submit button.
 

 Male, early forties, looking for Key Holder of any gender. Requirements: intelligence, flexibility and discretion. Online only. 

 
There. Done. It wasn’t even a real commitment, Tony told himself. He didn’t even have to read the answers should he get any, nevermind reply to them. He went to the workshop and purposefully forgot about it for almost three days.
 
*
 
There were 13 replies. Not bad, considering his bland ad. People on this site seemed to prefer to meet their play partners in real life or at least see pictures or talk over Skype. ‘Discretion’ probably scared a bulk of the potential partners off.
 
He didn’t need anything elaborate. He had some fantasies, sure, but he didn’t really have time for them. He also didn’t actually wear a cock cage, he just wanted to spice things up a bit for himself. He had a high libido, and during his playboy years he’d got his rocks off regularly as a part of partying, but now he was just constantly horny and tended to masturbate all the time while feeling unsatisfied after orgasming. He’d tried dating, but casual relationships just weren't doing it for him anymore and something serious, well, he couldn't get who he wanted and didn't feel like putting on a front for someone he didn't care about. Plus, it wouldn't be fair to his potential partners who he couldn’t commit to.
 
Long story short, when his masturbating had gotten out of hand he’d tried abstinence and it had worked like a charm. He’d discovered he actually had a denial kink. Which… He just needed someone else to say no, so he’d written an algorithm to tell him when he could touch himself and how often to orgasm. The main downside to that was that the algorithm only played with variations he himself inputted and his brain kept calculating the odds which tended to take all the thrill out of it. He plain refused to get JARVIS involved. JARVIS was family for fuck’s sake!
 
So that’s why the ad. One reply he deleted without reading - it's subject line said ‘kneel you bitch’. The others he opened.
 

 -My wife and I are looking for a cuckold for occasional games. Msg if interested. 

 
Tony’s eyebrows joined his hairline. Um… Right. Delete. Several next ones were a little better, but they all varied in their crudeness and most somehow assumed that he’d be thrilled to drop to his knees the moment someone called him a slut. One asked if he would consider relocating to Wyoming to be his house slave. And then there was that:
 

 -Experienced domme and a slave owner custom designs games for your pleasure only for $200/h. 

 
Tony sighed. If he wanted ‘professional help’ he’d just get it in a club somewhere.
 
Three of the messages were variations of ‘seems interesting, tell me more’ which he should probably respond to, but the eleventh reply felt different.
 

 -Hello HanShotFirst. I like your username. I'm not very experienced in this sort of thing, but I think I fit the requirements of your ad? I'd need a bit of flexibility in return, but I can definitely handle discretion. Let me know if you think we'd be a good fit; otherwise, best of luck with your search! 

 
It was followed by a second message sent a minute later.
 

 -Oh, and I'm a 28-yr-old male. I probably should have mentioned that before, shouldn't I. 

 
“JARVIS, track this message. Don't tell me anything about him. I just want to know if what he says about himself is true. And if he could be a good fit to the best of your knowledge.” There was a longer pause. “JARVIS?”
 
“Yes, sir?”
 
“Anything?”
 
“Yes, sir. His age and sex check out.”
 
“And? What about the rest? Check if he’s, you know, running a Ponzi scheme out of his apartment or is blackmailing his other play partners or has a computer full of child porn. Or, even, I don’t know, just really violent porn?”
 
“Er… No. Nothing like that at all.” There was that strange pause again. “I do, however, seem to be having somewhat of a moral dilemma.”
 
“Oh? What's wrong with him?”
 
“No, nothing is wrong with him at all. I think I even rather like him as your potential play partner. It's just that… There is something I'm sure you would like to know about him, but me telling you would definitely violate his privacy.”
 
Interesting. “And is me not knowing this curious fact in any way dangerous?”
 
“No. Not in the usual sense of the word. It’s just the question of his identity. Like you being Iron Man on the market for a Key Holder could be a dangerous information. It’s a bit similar for him.”
 
“Oh? He’s famous?”
 
“I’m afraid I cannot be of any assistance should you wish to continue this line of inquiry.”
 
“Hm. That’s a yes, isn’t it, JARVIS?”
 
“I can’t confirm or deny, sir. However, I do feel th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Porn with Feelings
Getting Together
Online Relationship
Inappropriate Erections
Porn With Plot
Cybersex
occasional chat format
Kink Negotiation
discovering kink
Tony Stark’s Red Thong of Justice
Self-Bondage
attempted bondage
Restraints
Teasing
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
dom taking care of his partner
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Anal Vibrator
semi-public play
creative use of wrestling terms
Gentle Dom
respectful dom
SSaC
Subspace
Subdrop
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
POV Tony Stark
POV Steve Rogers
Not as porny as it sounds
mostly it's about love
Fluff and Angst
Rope Bondage
Steve doing acrobatics
Jealous Steve Rogers
Jealous Steve
Tony Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

