Work Text:
Steve remembers that first time. It was on the Quinjet: Natasha piloting, Loki subdued, and Tony Stark right in his face.It hadn’t been a good start for him and Tony, and Steve still remembers how quick he’d been to anger, and how that only surprised him after the fact. Showboats weren’t new to Steve after all; he’d known plenty where he came from, even before the war. Yet Tony scraped hard like sandpaper, an emblem of everything that was wrong in this new world that Steve didn’t want but had been tossed into.Anyway.Tempers were fraying, Tony kept saying things he knew Steve wouldn’t understand beyond the insult in their tone (“What’s your thing, pilates?”), and Steve had thought to himself: Ah, there it is. Tony Stark was a dick and a problem. Steve’s impression must’ve been mutual, too, because Tony seemed constantly on the verge of flight, which had nothing to do with the suit he was wearing.But then, a moment. A split-second of Tony’s eyes flicking downward, no doubt drawn by the very provocative lines of Coulson’s redesigned Cap suit. Steve thinks Tony didn’t even realize he was doing it until it was done, and Tony quickly averted his face with a subtle curl of his mouth.It wasn’t deliberate, and it wasn’t done to make Steve uncomfortable. Steve knows what that is like, unfortunately, and in this specific case the only one uncomfortable was Tony. Honestly, Tony being momentarily distracted by Steve’s ass didn’t even rank in the Top Ten Worst Things about Tony Stark that Steve was composing in his head, so he set it aside and forgot about it.For a while, anyway. 
 “So here’s the thing,” Tony says. “I can’t say I’m all that interested in taking in so many of SHIELD’s hand-me-downs. What’s the point? What’s in it for me?”“Our abiding gratitude,” Steve says. “And a live audience for every new suit that you debut.”“I’m offended that you think that might work.”“Look, fair’s fair. If you get to have Bruce, I get to have Clint.”“You’re already getting Natasha,” Tony points out.“Clint and Natasha are a matched set. You know that.”“Do I?”Steve’s known from the start of this conversation that Tony will say yes. Of course he’s going let Clint move into the tower, if only because he’s got his eye on calling it the Avengers Tower and Clint, for better or worse, is an Avenger. That doesn’t make everything Steve’s been saying useless, though. This is negotiation for the sake of it, the both of them nursing their individual coffees and sitting comfortably at a window in said tower overlooking Lower Manhattan.There’s no rush here either. Tony’s dressed down, in dark jeans and a bandshirt that Steve makes a mental note to look up on the internet later. It probably means that Tony has no urgent business for the time being, which means that Steve doesn’t have any urgent business either.“Seems like it’d be more trouble to keep ‘em both,” Tony says. “Too many ex-SHIELD under one roof gives me the heebie-jeebies.”“Then why’d you let Maria in?”“Because she asked nicely, and she asked first.”“So you’re saying that if Clint asks nicely, he has a 50-50 chance of making it?”“Clint asking nicely? That would be day.” Tony laughs. “Look, Maria’s already tetchy about this enterprise. She thinks we’re asking for trouble, literally.”“Asking from who? Fate?”“Yeah. The more of us are gathered back together, the more we’re sending an invitation to the universe to give us something to fight.”“Sure, which is why there are no standing armies left anywhere in the world.”Tony grins. “Someone’s gonna scrub your mouth out with soap one day.”“Love to see ‘em try.”It should feel surreal for Steve to be living in Stark Tower on his own volition and, in the couple of weeks that that’s been the case, only wanted to wring Tony’s neck once. (When Tony took a stab at the Dodgers, making it a perfectly sensible reaction on Steve’s part.) But then again, big changes just seem to be par the course for Steve’s life, and Tony turning out to be a semi-decent person to live with is one of the nicer things to discover about the world.“We can mop up Hydra faster if there are more of us,” Steve says.“Or if one of us can convince Bruce to actually leave the building.” Tony sighs. “If Clint moves in I’m going to have to make arrows. Arrows.”“I don’t know, arrows seem pretty low effort in comparison.”“SHIELD are just the worst to make things for.” Tony takes an angry sip of his coffee, and makes a face when he discovers he’s almost empty. “Present company exempted.”“Wow, thanks.”“That’s only ‘cause you’re attached to a frisbee. Can’t do anything for a man like that.”“Actually, I was thinking about gauntlets.” Steve reaches behind the bench for his satchel, pulling out his sketchbook. “I need better mobility in my wrists, so I have some ideas.”“That’s all I am to you, isn’t?” Tony sets his cup aside. “You’re using me, Rogers. I am being used and I don’t—oh wow, that looks great, give it here.”Steve places the book into Tony’s grabby hands, and tries not to f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Getting Together
Feelings Realization
First Kiss
First Time
Fluff
mutual obliviousness
Frottage
Jealous Steve
Avengers Tower
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Steve POV
Minor Jane Foster/Thor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

