Chapter 1: I Have Been Homesick For You
    




Chapter Text
“Peter? Baby, wake up.”
He groaned, flinging an ill-tempered arm over his eyes and frowning. “Wha’ time is it?”
The ache at the base of his skull told him that it was early. Too early. Blasphemously early.
May laughed, flicking on his lamp. “2:00 am.”
Ha. He was right.
“Then why are you wa-”
“Tony called.”
“‘S nice for him.”
“Peter,” the amusement in May’s tone made his irritation twinge, “Tony called.”

Why is she saying it like-

He sat up so quickly that he nearly toppled off the bed, enhanced reflexes and all.
He could hear his heartbeat, May’s heartbeat, the sound of a bed creaking three floors down. Everything sharpened. In the span of a single moment, Peter’s senses picked up the world shifting.
“Is she coming?”
His Aunt grinned, eyes shining with joy despite the hour. “She is. Making a big entrance.” She poked him in the side. “Just like you did, if I remember correctly. Role model from the beginning, huh?”
A swell of warmth rose up in his cheeks. He tried not to look too pleased with the comment, despite knowing that May would see right through him anyway.
He cleared his throat. “We gotta go, right?” His comforter ended up on the floor in his haste to reach his dresser, pulse hammering with nervous excitement. “Can we go? I mean, you woke me up so I’m assuming that Mister Stark said that we could-”
“Yes, Peter, we’re going.” May grabbed a pair of sweatpants off the back of his desk chair and tossed them his way. “Now hurry up. We’ve got a baby to meet.”
He froze. The world had shifted. Everything was changing at a speed way above his level of comprehension.
There was a brand-new human about to enter the world, and that brand-new human would look up to him. Him. Peter Parker.
He stared at the wall for a few seconds before meeting May’s amused face with wide eyes. “This is the most daunting thing I’ve ever done.”
His Aunt’s laughter was light and musical. She was always too cheerful in the mornings. “Imagine how Tony and Pepper feel.”
His eyes widened even further. “Mister Stark must be freaking out.”
“Oh, he is. I could tell. He asked for you four times before Pepper took the phone and actually explained what was going on.” She threw him a hoodie, a good-natured smirk on her face. “So suit up, Spider-Man. Iron Man is in need of some immediate backup.”
He’d never gotten dressed so fast in his life.
--
When they got to the hospital, Rhodey and Happy were already there.
Rhodey was leaned back, somehow making the uncomfortable hospital chair look like the nicest recliner in the world. If there was ever a perfect picture of composed relaxation, he was it.
Happy was… another matter entirely.
He paced restlessly around the waiting room, like a riled wolf coiled for attack. Even the slightest blip of movement made him leap to the offensive.
Peter raised his hands in surrender the moment he turned to question them, swallowing down a laugh at the man’s paranoia. Really, he was glad to see him. It was nice to know that Tony, Pepper, and, very soon, Baby Stark, would be well protected.
“Oh, it’s just you.” Happy dug into his pockets and produced two laminated security badges. “Here. You need these. Keep them on.”
“Yes, Sir.” Peter forced himself not to give a mocking salute. “I swear I’ll keep it where you can see it at all times.”
“You better.”
He and May left Happy to his patrol and settled into the rough hospital chairs beside Rhodey, who shot Peter a little wink in greeting.
“Now the whole family’s arrived.” He smiled, letting his voice settle into something genuine. “Tony’ll be pleased you’re here. He’s been going on and on about having you meet the little one since Pepper told him.”
Peter grinned back. “I can’t wait.”
Rhodey laughed. “You’re gonna have to, kid. Last I heard, it’ll probably be a few hours yet.” He clapped him on the shoulder. “So, follow my lead.” He gestured widely. “Sit back and relax.”
Well, it wasn’t like he had anything else better to do.
After a few minutes, he curled tiredly into May, ignoring the way the arms of the plastic chairs dug into his ribs. She slid her arm around his shoulders and gave a little squeeze.
It’s so late, he thought, I’ll just doze for a bit. I’m too wired to fall asleep, so it’ll be fine.
The next thing he knew, a hand was brushing over his forehead. A gruff voice, lowered with gentle amusement, pushed at his awareness.
“C’mon, Peter. I’ve got someone for you to meet.”
He blinked his eyes open slowly. The lights were harsh, and he squinted. Tony was kneeling in front of him, one hand resting on his knee and the other still working through his curls. His mentor shot him a bright smile, eyes overflowing with happiness.
“Mm. Hi.” Peter yawned, pawing tiredly at his eyes. “Time is it?”
“Hey to you too, kiddo.” The hand in his curls slipped down to cup his cheek. “It’s 6:42.”
“‘S she here?”
Pure pride rose over Tony’s face. “Yeah, buddy. She’s here.”
Somehow, those words made the gravity of the event fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sleepiness
Babies
I love babies
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Great Big Brother
Tony Stark/Happiness - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
SO MUCH FLUFF
5+1 Things
Sleepy Peter Parker
First Words
Nightmares
Sharing a Bed
Family Fluff
Family Bonding
Drugged Peter Parker
Whump
Angst
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Death
Possible Character Death
but not really
I just wanted you to think that
Hospitals
Grief/Mourning
Coma

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

