Chapter 1: finals
    




Chapter Text
Finals: the worst villain Peter’s ever faced.
 
Seven classes, seven teachers who didn’t care that he also had to study his ass off for six other classes, seven tests that would determine whether or not he’d stay on decathlon, get into college, prove to himself that he could handle being a high school student and a superhero at the same time.
 
And finally, he was done.
 
After hours of testing, Peter walked down the school hallways with Ned and MJ, the three of them finally free. Mindless formulas are still buzzing around his head, but they no longer hold any meaning to him. The strong stench of chemical clean burns at his nostrils and a headache is buzzing at his temples, but none of that matters, because it’s all over. He made it through.
 
“Wait,” Ned said, still talking about their math exam for some godforsaken reason, “you got 9.8? I got 4.7. I think. Maybe I’m thinking of another question. Peter, what did you get for the hot air balloon question?”
 
“Uh,” Peter tried to remember the specific question Ned was asking about, but he couldn’t. He barely remembered taking the exam. His brain had been working overtime all week, and now it’s crashing. “I don’t remember. Sorry, dude.”
 
Ned sighed. “It’s okay. I’m just going to stress about it until scores are released.”
 
“Why though?” MJ asked. “You can’t change what you wrote. Worrying won’t change your grade.”
 
“Do you really think like that?” Ned asked, dark eyebrows shooting up into his hairline. “That’s amazing. I wish I could turn my brain off like that.”
 
“Nah,” MJ said. “That’s just what I tell myself while I continue to stress about it internally. No one can really turn off their brain, Ned.”
 
“Uh, looks like Peter can,” Ned said. “How are you not stressing with us, man?”
 
“I didn’t turn my brain off,” Peter argued. “I’m still stressing about grades. I just—” He made a vague handwavy gesture. “It’s all gone. I’ve gotten like six hours of sleep total this week, and I spent all my time thinking about school—”
 
“That’s not healthy,” MJ interrupted.
 
“And now that it’s over, and I don’t have to think in calculus anymore, my brain is just too tired to think about school anymore.”
 
“Okay, yeah,” Ned said. “I get that. Did you really only get six hours, though? That’s not good, Peter.”
 
“Exaggeration, man,” Peter said, although it’s not actually. One week of all-nighters seems to him like a fair price to pay for good grades. Now that it’s over, he can sleep for like a week straight. That balances it all out, right?
 
Besides, he’d reached the point in his sleep deprivation where he’s not actually tired. His brain is just a little exhausted from taking test after test, that’s all. Physically, he felt fine, there’s just a fog that rolls into his head whenever he tries to think about differential equations or Spanish conjugations.
 
“Hey,” Ned said, “my mom’s making a celebratory dinner tonight—you guys in? Gonna be great… She’s going all out.”
 
MJ visibly pouted. “Damn. I’m leaving tonight to visit my grandparents.”
 
“Pete?”
 
“Sorry, man.” Peter really does hate to miss it. Mrs. Leeds was probably the best cook he knew, and his stomach rumbled just thinking about it. “It’s a lab day.”
 
Ned didn’t even take a moment to look crestfallen; his eyes immediately lit up.
 
“Lab day? With Tony Stark? Have I ever mentioned how cool your life is?”
 
“Yes,” MJ said, rolling her eyes. “You say it like every day.”
 
“Tell me all about it after, okay?” Ned said to Peter. “I love living my nerd dreams vicariously through you.”
 
Peter laughed. “I will.” In his pocket, his phone buzzed, alerting him to Happy’s fourth text telling him to hurry up. “I gotta go. We’re still on for Saturday night, Ned?”
 
“Always!”
 
Peter waved goodbye to his friends before breaking into a jog towards the parking lot. The fresh air hit him square in the face and he breathed it in, letting his headache dissipate. It rained while they were stuck inside, and the air is thick with humidity. Puddles evaporated around his feet in the warm air and he smiled, feeling the beams of sun peeking out from the clouds as they hit his face.
 
He slid into the car, throwing his backpack on the floor, buckling his seatbelt, and chirping a cheerful hello to Happy.
 
“Hey, kid,” Happy said. “How were the exams?”
 
“Pretty good, I think,” Peter said with a shrug. “I feel good, but you never know, ya know?”
 
“Hmm. Well, hopefully everything went well. I don’t want your scary aunt calling to yell at Tony again. He gets really sulky when he has to yell at you, and a grumpy Tony is not good for my mental health.”
 
Peter hummed. “Yeah, we wouldn’t want that. You’re already looking a little grey.”
 
Happy shot him a scarily long glare for someone who really should have had his eyes on the road.
 
“Watch it, kid,” he said, but Peter knew there was no sincerity to his glare. He grinned back smugly at the older man.
 
The ride flew by, feeling like just a few minutes b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Sleepy Peter
NOT Starker...can't believe i have to say that
Iron dad and Spider son
Final Exams
will tag as I go
5+1 Things
Infinity War didn't and will never happen bye
generic robot fighting
stab wounds
Whump with a happy ending
movie marathons
Alien Sickness
Narcolepsy
Heartfelt Conversations
copious amounts of hair playing
Platonic Cuddling
Kidnapping
Torture
Violence
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
morgan stark - Freeform
Family Bonding

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

