Chapter 1: Bomb? Dropped.
    




Chapter Text
It's really remarkable how it all comes about. His Spidey-sense doesn't even flare, that's how little of a threat this guy, Greg, is. Greasy, eau de McDonald's Wrappers constantly wafting off of the two shirts he constantly wears, kinda neckbeardy, if Peter's being honest- The guy is almost negative on his danger scale.
"Hey, Peter. OrshouldIsaySpider-Man?"  Greg rushes out gleefully, and even his execution of the secret that could potentially ruin Peter's life is done poorly. This guy sucks. At everything. 

Anyway.

Peter just stares at him, flabbergasted. "Wh..." He jerks into motion after a solid minute of shock, trying to figure out how Greg, the same guy who poured milk into the K-cup holder of their Keurig machine, figured out something that Peter had hidden so well, it took the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist sitting smugly in Stark Tower ages to figure out who he was. And that guy was, like, so many leagues away from Greg that Jules Verne was trying to rise from the grave to write a sequel. 

So.

Greg.

Peter's heart seizes for a moment, and he looks around, making sure nobody heard Greg, before gripping the other's upper arm and hauling him into a tiny, mostly-empty cubicle. "Dude, are you crazy? Don't just accuse someone of crap with Jameson like two doors down. He might actually believe it!" 

Greg gives him an unimpressed look, followed up with a wretched, shit-eating grin. Heck. "It's on video, Parker," he leers, unlocking his phone. "From that one time you webbed into an alley? And changed, and thought no one was looking?" He hesitates. “And before you think of taking my phone and destroying it, I already moved it to my computer," he says triumphantly. 

Heck. 

Peter clears his throat. "What do you want, Greg." he says, low and cold, because if Greg didn't want something, he would have already exposed Peter to, y'know, the newspaper they both work for. "Is it money? Because I hate to break it to you, because I wouldn't be working at this crapshoot if I had it. And no matter what people think, I don't take charity from Iron Man." Something in his tone must scare even the greasiest of scumbags (that's Greg, by the way), because he flinches before huffing. He's clearly torn between trying to get more of a reaction from Peter and blurting out what he wants.

"I want you to stop."

Short-circuit. Peter blinks. "What?"

"I want you to stop being Spider-Man." Greg must notice Peter's extended, murderous silence, because he quickly babbles, "just for. A couple months." Now he just looks shifty, and Peter feels ice cold dread well in his stomach. Of course Greg is an actual villain, villain. Imagine that. Neckbeardy Greg, who Peter and the other colleagues have to physically, constantly keep from being creepy all the time, whose sense of social cues is practically nonexistent, is smart enough to keep Spider-Man from getting involved in his operations through blackmail. Peter's not sure whether to be impressed or horrified.

"If you're going to do something illegal," Peter says, flat and slow, "I don't need to be Spider-Man in order to stop you. I can report you to the cops. Right now."

"Is that a threat?" Greg splutters, looking cowed. When Peter doesn't answer (purely in a desperation to get Greg to spill more information), he, sure enough, barrels on: "Because, just so you know, I took precautions." He clears his throat. "As in. I've set up a computer program, y'know? And. If I don't enter a password every day at a certain time, it'll send the video to all the major news outlets. And that would suck, wouldn't it?" he raises his eyebrows, trying to look intimidating. He's got balls. 

Peter tries not to panic. Greg's forcing him to turn a blind eye to his crimes... And Peter has no idea what Greg could be planning. He's just the type of Nice Guy™ to have a vendetta against women in general, or guys who are better off than he he is. What if he's planning to kill people? 

For now, he has to keep Greg silent, until he figures out what to do. 

"Okay," Peter says, trying not to sound too ambivalent. He's gotta make Greg believe he's giving up easily, that he's scared, and of course, Greg looks pleased, and it pisses Peter off to even look at him, but. Here he is. "Fine. I'll... Have Spider-Man look the other way." 

"No." Greg folds his arms. "I, er. We- I mean. I have some plans. I don't want Spider-Man getting involved at all. I want you to take a break, Parker." He stares meaningfully at Peter. "I mean it." 

So his wording hadn't tricked Greg. Jesus, is this guy a genius? That definitely doesn't excuse his awful behavior. Also, Peter's now convinced that Greg is part of some terrorist group or something, and his Spidey-sense is pretty clear on what it thinks, too. 

"Fine," he says, short and forceful. "I'll ... Put him away."

"I have eyes all over the city, Parker." Greg swallows, but manages to hold his ground. "I want Spider-Man gone." 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Blackmail
Playing with Canon
And by that I mean lowkey non-canon compliant
Peter is just kind of a mess
but when is he not
First Relationship
First Time
Deadpool doesn't know Spider-Man's identity
and he's determined to make things difficult (accidentally)
Deadpool thought boxes (mentioned)
Stalking (not by Deadpool)
Texting
Fluff and Angst
My First Work in This Fandom
Peter is sassy but also precious
Panic Attacks
Panic
mentions of food insecurity
Violence
Hurt Peter
injuries
Sensory Overload
Superhuman hearing
blowjob
Minor Character Death
Like an atrocious amount of cliffhangers really
Major Character Death (but it's Deadpool)

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

