Work Text:
 



I



It was perhaps unfortunate that the very first  thing that Anthony Stark, Industrialist Millionaire, said to Bucky was a  drawled “Aren’t you too young to be working for Uncle Sam?”Bucky  bristled instantly, but Fury had interrupted quickly before he could  retort.  “Bucky’s a valued member of the war effort, Stark.  He keeps  the recruitment going, with the young.”“And I’ll be seventeen in  a few months,” Bucky growled, resisting the urge to thumb his nose.   Stark arched an eyebrow, and beside him, the redheaded, pretty dolly  with the bright smile covered her mouth quickly to stifle a giggle.   “It’s true,” Bucky continued stoutly, rather put out by the reaction.“I’d  rather have Bucky with me than a score of grown men,” Steve said firmly  at that point, thrusting a hand forward.  “Mister Stark.  I’ve heard of  your adventures.  Thank you for the assist with the Kasba fortress.   It’d have been at least another couple of days’ worth of the siege  otherwise, and we would have suffered a great deal more casualties.”“And  you must be Captain America.” Stark’s tone was edged with amusement,  something that annoyed Bucky further, as the two men shook hands.  “I’ve  heard of you, certainly.  Mostly because Pepper here seems to  have an unmitigated interest in the way your costume shows off your  shoulders in all the papers.”Pepper promptly punched Stark in  the shoulder, while still smiling.  It wasn’t a lady’s punch, either;  Stark bit out an oath and staggered sideways, rubbing the abused spot,  and there was a hastily stifled guffaw from the big, black bodyguard in  the khaki jacket and trousers who was standing unobtrusively behind  Stark, beside the hulking iron and steel shells of the famous Armors.   Behind one of the Armors, still engaged in wiring it up to a score of  generators, a gangly old man tutted in disapproval.“That aside,  what are you doing in Port-Lyautey, sir, if you don’t mind us asking?”  Steve enquired, glancing around the commandeered section of the  Port-Lyautey hangar.  Wires and boxes of arcane-looking consoles of a  make that Bucky had never seen littered desks and even part of a jeep  that had been dragooned into use; tools, scrap metal, and spare parts  were strewn over another set of three desks to Bucky’s right.Fury snorted.  “Bastard wouldn’t give us the time of day.”“I would have, if you’d asked me this nicely, General,” Stark said blithely, his smile growing  brighter as Fury’s frown furrowed deeper.  “We were minding our own  business, scouting a set of underground ruins east of the Port, when  there was a cave-in and we got separated.  The French took Jarvis here  and Rhodey prisoner, so Pepper and I were obliged to stage a rescue.”“Can’t  bloody breathe in that coffin you call Armor,” Pepper complained, her  tone not in the least ladylike.  “I don’t know how you stand it,  Rhodey.”“It’s okay,” Rhodey shrugged.“The suit was configured for Rhodey, not you,” Stark retorted. “You insisted on coming along.  I said that you could have stayed with the ship.”“I’m not exactly a blushing damsel, Mister Stark.”“Tell  that to the first time you got yourself caught by Nazis.  And that  other time, in Guatemala.  Or that little incident with the crocodile  worshippers in Yangoon-”Stark and Pepper fell to bickering, like  old friends, and Jarvis merely let out a gusty sigh, pulling on a pair  of heavy gloves as he attached cables to the ribs of the gray Armor.   Fury finally interrupted with a growl, “And it was just like that? You  bust into a fortress full of the French to rescue your butler and your  bodyguard?”“Rhodey’s not a bodyguard,” Pepper said, indignant, even as Stark muttered, “Jarvis isn’t a butler,” to which Pepper sniffed and added, “Mister Stark, where are your manners,” and Stark growled, “Good bloody Heavens, woman!”“They’re like this on their good days, sir,” Rhodey informed Fury, deadpan.“I’m aware.” Fury looked tired, and Bucky, despite himself, felt amusement creeping in over the initial irritation.Stark  didn’t seem like the bad sort after all, not snobbish or full of airs  like some of the other rich men who he had been introduced to in the  course of his more or less official appointment as Captain America’s  sidekick.  The man had to be pushing his forties, and his stubble was at  least three days old, encroaching on the once sharp line of his goatee.  His hair stuck out in all directions, his stained shirt was hopelessly  rumpled and folded up to his elbows, grease stains were painted  liberally over his fingers, his trousers; there was even a long, thick  black smudge on his cheek.  He clearly treated both Pepper and Rhodey as  equals, as his friends rather than his employees; a woman and a black  man.Steve’s eyes had also flicked quickly between Rhodey, Pepper  and Stark, and his friend had relaxed, his smile quick and lopsided and  genuine, for the first time since they’d made landfall in Africa.  “Are  you going to be staying with us fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

