Chapter 1: Perfect Strangers
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


Natasha stood triumphant, one hand on her hip and the other held out to Steve.“That’ll be five bucks.”“Like hell,” Steve replied, declining her assistance and pushing himself to his feet in what he decided was a very impressive maneuver.It was about the only chance he had of regaining his dignity, considering she’d knocked him on his ass ten seconds earlier, having disarmed him with no more than a question.“You showboating son of a gun,” she grinned. “You lose. Five bucks.”“How’s it losing when you cheated?”“How’s it cheating when I’m only taking advantage of an opportunity?”Steve scoffed and walked to one of the padded benches lining the walls of the sparring space, where he grabbed his half-full water bottle and tossed hers over. Because he was a good friend, in spite of the trials he suffered. “That’s a low blow, Romanov. What I do in my spare time continues to be none of your business.”“Aw, Steve,” she grinned, swigging from the bottle. “That’d only be true if you did anything in your spare time.”“I do things!”“Like what?”“I…” The fact that ‘eating’ and ‘training’ were the only two things springing to mind was somewhat telling, and he scowled. “Like you’re any better.”“I am better,” she shrugged. “I have Sam.”“Sam’s not a hobby.”“Depends on your definition of a hobby,” she said primly, capping her water and shrugging. “But also, I have a book club.”“You absolutely do not.”“I absolutely do.”“With who.”“Pepper,” she said quickly. (A bit too quickly, in Steve’s opinion.) “And May Parker. And Lillian from accounting.”“Lillian from accounting,” he said flatly, crossing his arms over his chest.“Yup. We’re reading something called Wild, which is just...excellent.”“What’s it about?”“I’m not telling you. You're not in our book club."“Mmmhmm.”“Believe me or don’t—we’re getting together today to discuss it, actually. Lillian’s bringing brie.”“You’re full of shit, Nat.”“Am I?”With Natasha, it was hard to say. But after six-ish years of close friendship, Steve was relatively confident he had at least some of her tells down. “Yes,” he said, with as much certainty as he could muster.“Huh. Interesting. Where’s my money, by the way?”“I’m not carrying cash.”“Now who’s lying? I happen to know you keep an emergency twenty in your pocket, next to the butterscotches for the grandkids.”Steve glowered. “It’s for emergencies.”“Tell you what, then,” she replied. “Double or nothing. I prove book club’s real, you owe me ten. I’m lying, I owe you.”“Deal.”“Want to go zero for three and see who’s faster to the elevator?”Natasha was the most competitive person Steve had ever met, save for (maybe) himself. Which made it all the more annoying when she won.She was not, however, wrong about everything. Take his personal life, which he definitely wasn’t thinking about as he rode the elevator to his floor. It was a stupid thing to worry about, considering who he was. Where he lived. What he did for a living.Because who the hell had time to cultivate a hobby when there was always another lunatic attempting to infiltrate the city, or blow up Boston, or annihilate Asgard? The longer he lived in the future, the more Steve was convinced the universe was playing some cosmic joke on him. Like the previous week, when some idiot calling himself The Kangaroo had shown up holding a grudge against Peter Parker, who was never gonna live that one down if Steve could help it.Join the Avengers, kid! Got a shiny new suit for you, kid! We’ll train you up and set you straight!So, really? The Kangaroo? Whatever Peter had done to piss that bouncing bastard off had hardly been worth the effort it took to contain him. But Steve and the rest of the team had shown up to do the job anyway.Which was fine—he was glad they’d assisted for the jokes alone. Still, things hadn’t been properly apocalyptic for a while. Not since Ultron and Sokovia and Tony’s piss-poor choices. But hey, they could forgive him for the fuck-up considering that Pietro was pretty fast and Wanda was wonderful. The twins had adapted nicely to life in the tower, with both of them taking classes at Columbia alongside Peter by day, and assembling to avenge when the occasion called for it.Granted, if the twins could go to classes, and Peter could hold down a double major and a secret identity, Steve didn’t have as much of a reason as he liked to believe for avoiding the world outside the tower. He’d been back in that world for over a half-decade now, yet the life he’d carved out wasn’t necessarily living. And that was fine—he had responsibilities. Teammates. Hell, he had friends. He just didn’t have much outside of those things, and he had nobody to blame for that but himself.There had been a brief period where he’d tried. Gone to a bar and attempted to meet new people—to make a friend the way he’d met Sam, by being himself.Turned out, Sam was special, and Steve’s little outing ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst and Humor
Angst with a Happy Ending
Falling In Love
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
First Meetings
Family Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
POV Bucky Barnes
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
POV Steve Rogers
Avengers Family
Evil Alexander Pierce
Pets
Animals
Gaslighting
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Body Image
Panic Attacks
Anxiety Disorder
Agoraphobia
Explicit Sexual Content
Art
Illustrated
A premise taken to its logical conclusion
Whatever happened to predictability?

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

