Work Text:
 It starts with a stuffed bear.The influence of said bear is obvious between the redesigned navy double-breasted jacket, the blue button eyes, and the prosthetic arm. It’s also soft, fluffy and downright adorable, objectively speaking. The focus groups loved it and Tony is inordinately pleased to add Toy-Maker to his resume.Even if it is because of Barnes which – Alright fine, they have a questionable history; it’s bloody and bitter, and that’s not even taking into consideration the whole he murdered my parents chapter of their story.  Barnes had shot him right in the face in their first meeting too, and don’t even get Tony started on the bunker incident.So, imagine everyone’s surprise when Barnes accepts the Accords Council's decision to be housed with Tony for the duration of his probation period.That Tony had agreed on top of that, had Rhodey and Pepper oozing glare-y bordering-on-hostile “hurt him and you really will be a ghost story” pheromones even two weeks down the line since Barnes’ arrival. Suffice to say, theirs was not an unpopular stance.It seemed there was a general consensus that even if Tony was the one with all the power in this situation – the Tower being Tony’s home, New York being the city he personally claimed, the Accords Council at his beck and call, the revolving door of newly minted agents and New Avengers at the Tower intermingling with SI staff, and the literal legion of Iron Man suits at his command – that Tony was the one in danger here. Barnes deserved his due credit, but seriously? The guy’s is an amnesiac, he’s spent the past seventy years imprisoned, tortured and under mind-control. He’s been through enough.Ergo, the bear.“It’s great, huh? It’s already getting buzz for the whole inclusivity thing which is a bonus, and the projected profits will put a sizeable chunk in providing Resilience-Tech prosthetics to people that need them,” Tony informs. Let it be said that whatever feelings Pepper had about Barnes, she’d never let an opportunity to do good pass her by. “The marketing team is stuck for a name which is ridiculous, clearly we should be calling this the Bucky Bear,” he continues, grinning at the plush in his hands.He expected Barnes’ silence. The Super Soldier could pass a week with barely one word in ten, Tony had Friday keep count. But what Tony didn’t expect was the naked awe on Barnes’ face as he stared down at his teddy-bear counterpart.“Barnes?”“It’s so…soft…”“Only the best,” he boasts then gestures, “Did you see the arm?” the little star and stripes designed on plush-Bucky’s prosthetic as a replacement for the single Soviet Star was a stroke of marketing-PR genius.“It’s great,” Barnes murmurs, fingers brushing almost reverently against the bear’s mimic of his prosthetic. “I…you made this?”“Yup, how’d I do?” Tony teases, brows wiggling.Barnes doesn’t reply which is fair enough. He doesn’t have the best track record for the whole talking thing, even Tony knew he was pushing it. He doesn't take offense to the silence, and doesn't really let it lapse too long for the silence before saying, “Figured we should get your approval before we move onto final production, so, yay or nay?”Looking at Tony's outstretched hand – in Howard’s signature “Look What I Did, Marvel at it” showman gesture – Barnes' face seemingly went through the whole spectrum of human emotion: confused, surprised, angry, guilty then sad before finally defaulting, and wow, his face must be tired, that was a lot of emoting for someone with resting murder face.Holding the bear almost protectively to his chest, Barnes finally replies, “I…no, no I don’t like it.”Now, Tony was baffled. “No?” He was all for constructive criticism, but he needed more to work with then ‘I don’t like it’.“No…I…I don’t like the design, on the prosthetic,” he elaborates then flushed. “You’re the most recognizable with the star on the arm,” Tony informs slowly as Barnes grows uncomfortable, glancing at the door and then (bafflingly) the window like he was planning to beat a hasty retreat via a twenty-story jump. “And a mock “Star and Stripes” decal replacing it will go over great for your public image.” It's PR-genius, Tony doesn't say, and a fact that Barnes doesn't seem to miss himself as he licks his lips anxiously, stuttering, "I don't..." Before breaking off to mutter in Russian, “I can’t tell him I don’t want to belong to any country, do I?” Tony's brows arched in disbelief. “Uh, yeah, of course, you can.”Barnes’ head snaps up to look at him, eyes wide, but Tony’s already off on a tangent, slapping his forehead at his own absentmindedness. “Jesus, what a mess. I know first-hand what a country’s taste for war is like. God knows Carol and Rhodey have been beating down all the military requests for to you return to service. You’re not a soldier, at least not anymore. It wouldn’t be fair to make you a walking representative of American might, especially after what Hydra did.” His mind raced with all the possible consequ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
The nonsense continues
bucky deserves nice things
bucky likes soft things
tony is a giver
Tony just wants to make people happy
Rhodey x Carol blink and you'll miss it
there is a stuffed bear and a baby and a fade to black blowjob
that's the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

