Chapter 1: Goda Nott |Good Night|
    


Notes:
PLEASE DO NOT UPLOAD THIS FIC TO ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE.Respect what I've spent so long creating. Thank you.




Chapter Text


The sound of glee echoed down the long, opulent halls of the Palace as the warm sun streamed in and played majestically with lights and shadows across it’s marbled floors. The game was hide and seek and the older of the three, a boy barely 9, was running down the passage ways in search of his prey.She knew the younger boy would be nearly impossible to find as he was learning magic at the feet of both his mother and the grand sorcerers; but she was certain her wonderful hiding place would keep her concealed long enough for it to at least be a challenge.It was a tight fit in the ornamental vase she had managed to twist her small body into and she could hear him as he walked past, each step a heavy thud on the polished marble despite only being 2 years older than her.She couldn’t help herself – she tried, she really did, but when she heard his exacerbated sigh, she let out a faint giggle which, in the echo-chamber where she was hiding, might as well have been a chesty laugh from a warrior returning victorious.And just like that the game was up.“Found you!” he announced boisterously as the blond prince with the sky-blue eyes and a smile that always lifted higher on one side than the other and often resonated into the apples of his cheeks peered over the lip of the vase, chuffed with his find.She started laughing hysterically at the face of a friend she’d known for longer than she could remember; he was a part of her very first memories and almost every notable one after. Undeniably he was her best friend. He actually very well might be her only friend, for reasons she had learned to accept. Reasons which once again would become very pointedly obvious.As he helped her out of the vase, the two of them in fits of youthful laughter, her foot slipped on the polished edge of the rim. He almost caught her. He very nearly did. But her small body slipped just out of reach of his arms and she fell hard onto the unforgiving floor.She let out a noise that stopped his breath in his throat and he fell to his knees in front of her. “Felicity?” he asked as worry pinched his brow inwards and shadowed his usually pale eyes.
There were tears streaming down her once smiling cheeks and her small, pinkish lips were quivering as she held her wrist in a vice grip.The Prince’s governess ran to their aid but his fiercely protective glare kept her at arm’s length.
“Are you okay?” he asked softly, the beginnings of a dulcet tone starting to deepen his voice from the one she had grown up knowing.
She bit her lip and did her best to will her tears to stay behind her eyes, putting on a brave face. “My wrist hurts,” she answered timidly, embarrassed that she did not pick herself up so easily as no doubt he would have.
But she never saw even a flinch of apathy in his eyes. “Can you walk?”
She nodded before he helped her to her feet. He was much taller than her and it seemed like every year he grew twice as fast as she could ever hope to. 
|><|
| |It was only a small fracture, something that would heal in time and after her wrist and forearm were strapped tightly she waited for the inevitable lecture from her father. It came with a glass of spring water and a pensive sigh as they sat at the table in their Palace chambers.“You mustn’t forget, you are only part Asgardian and part human,” he remarked as his weathered hand raked through his greying hair.
How could she forget? She was reminded of that almost every day.Some were amused by her; she was like an exhibit the children would point to and whisper to each other about. She was not as fast or as strong or as big as anyone else, but she was just as smart – if not smarter, a fact which only seemed to cement their annoyance at her existence.
She always had him though, her best friend.
She was the daughter of one of Odin’s most trusted advisors and the mortal from earth he fell in love with. Her mother died not long after Felicity was born and her father never spoke of her, his heart never really able to heal from the loss. She had family on earth, an Aunt, but she had never met her and Asgard was her home.She took a sip of water and let the cool sensation tickle the roof of her mouth before it glided down her throat. She reached out her hand and laid it on her father’s as it sat palm-up on the table. “I know father,” she admitted softly.
He looked up at her and a smile slowly dawned over his lips.
“You remind me of her,” he sighed and Felicity’s heart tripped over itself at the vague mention of a woman she only ever remembered in her dreams.Her eyes widened, hoping for more, but her father simply patted her hand gently and stood up. She tried her best not to be disheartened, after all she had learned long ago not to hope too much.She watched him walk away before she stared at the slight ripples in her glass. How could she f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Felicity Smoak/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Childhood Friends
Fluff
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Thorlicity
Crack Relationships
Pining
Mutual Pining
Sharing a Bed
gavin - Freeform
Smut
Sex
Oral Sex
He uses the hammer he keeps in his pants
Fate & Destiny
Declarations Of Love
Water Sex
Loki being a little shit
Costume Kink
costume fetish
Cunnilingus
Thor soft AF
Complete

fandom: 
Felicity Smoak/Thor (Marvel)

