Work Text:
It's just an innocuous comment, that's how it starts. Bucky elbowing him in the ribs, leaning in. The two of them in a bar, drinking whisky even though it won’t touch the sides, not for Steve at least. He’s not sure about Bucky; seems like it could go either way. Bucky’s got hollows under his eyes but he’s very sharp, very bright, throwing back drink after drink and letting his words slur a little like the whisky is doing something for him. You and Carter, he says, breath hot, you'll be off having little blonde babies after the war, and Steve shrugs, screws up his mouth.“Don't think I can, actually,” he says, trying to sound casual. Failing, maybe: Bucky leans back again, looks at him seriously.“Whaddya mean?”“They did a lot of tests,” Steve says.”Trying to make more of me. More soldiers, I guess. Took my blood, and— other things.”“Other things,” Bucky repeats, and Steve ducks his head, embarrassed. Blushes hotly. “What, they had you fucking some gal who volunteered to get knocked up for the good of America?”“No!” he says. “No, god. They just had me jerk off into a cup. I dunno what the scientists did with it after, whether they… Anyway, none of it took. Something about the serum, my DNA now, it replicates too fast. All the embryos died in the petri dish. So, I dunno. No kids in my future, not so far’s I can see.”“Pal,” Bucky says. Pauses for a moment, sips his whisky. “That's rough.”“I guess,” Steve shrugs, because it is, it's rough, but: he doesn't like to talk about it. Doesn't like to think about it, maybe, and it's like Bucky picks up on that, because he pauses another minute, takes another sip of his drink, clears his throat.“So when you said they took a lot,” he says. Raises an eyebrow. “Lemme get this straight, you were just sitting around getting chafing on your dick while the rest of us idiots were over here getting shot at?”“I wasn't just getting chafing on my dick,” Steve protests, outraged but going along with it, letting Bucky josh him into an embarrassed demise because it's somehow easier than facing up to the truth of whatever those scientists did to him, what kind of unnatural monster they might have turned him into. “I was prancing around in tights punching Hitler, don't forget that bit.”“Yeah, sure, how could I forget that,” Bucky agrees, deadpan. “The tights, Christ, nobody could forget those.”“And anyway,” Steve says, and he's not even sure why he says it; it's too much, entirely, pushing things too far, but— “it wasn't such a big deal. I can, uh, go for a while, I guess. Serum's good for something.”Bucky chokes on his whisky. Coughs into his hand, eyes watering, and raises both eyebrows this time. “The fuck’s that supposed to mean?”“You know,” Steve says. Squirms a little. He should never have said something, it's not—you don't say that to people, he guesses. “It's not—one and done, you know? I got, uh. Stamina.”“Stamina,” Bucky repeats, flat. “Uh huh.” And then he's throwing back the rest of his drink, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, turning to Steve and squaring his jaw all challenge. “How many times?”“How—”“Yeah. How many times. In one go.”“I—” Steve starts, flushing so hot he feels like he must be a beacon in the bar, shining through the grey-out. Bucky's still looking at him, curious, and something else under it, something Steve can't place. “Four,” he says, compulsively too-honest in the face of Bucky’s gaze, and Bucky's eyes widen.“Four? At once?”“Just about. Over about an hour, maybe,” Steve says, trying not to… fuck, he's not even sure what he's trying not to do. Trying not to remember how it'd been, maybe, in that narrow army bed feeling desperate, skin hot and tight, this newly unfamiliar body and all its planes of muscle taut under his palms. He'd gone until he was sobbing under his breath, coming dry, and only then had he been able to sleep, exhausted to the point he could drift off into an uneasy doze. He doesn't—he doesn't need much sleep, it seems, not these days. Not this body. Had woken three hours later hard again, rutting against the mattress, and when he'd come a fifth time it'd been thinking about the way it felt to get punched in the mouth, the sharp hot pain of it, how even that might feel better than this bottomless need that never seems to be done with him.“Four times,” Bucky repeats. “Christ.”“Five,” Steve says, “technically. Well, depends how you count it.”“Jesus,” Bucky murmurs, and he's got his empty glass pressed to his lower lip, swipes his tongue along the rim. Blinks, slow. “Fuck it. This I gotta see. Come on, Rogers, show me.”“You—show you?”“Yeah,” Bucky agrees. Bites his lip, winks once, deliberate. “What, all those scientists didn't test you out, make you put on a show?”“Jesus Christ, Buck,” Steve says, taken aback and embarrassingly hard in about equal measures.“Ain't queer if we're not touching each other,” Bucky says. “Shit, you haven't been in the barracks, every guy in the damn Army would be dishonorably discharged if it m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Wreck Steve Rogers
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dom/sub Undertones
two guys jerking off in the same room five feet apart cuz that ain't gay
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Anal Fisting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

