Work Text:
Peter didn’t go to school on the Monday after Kurt Connors died.Instead, he stayed, wrapped up in bed and staring at the small baby blanket Pepper had given him. He’d loved it once. He’d carried it everywhere with him and slept with it every night. Peter strained for the memories that stayed just out of reach. No matter how much he was told about his childhood, no matter how many photos he stared at and videos he replayed a hundred times, he could only remember a few things: the hazy, golden tinge, Pepper’s sun-like hair, and gentle hands holding his own.Peter huffed and flipped onto his back.He was ignoring his phone. It had been going off all day. Thirty-one texts from Ned, two from Michelle. He hadn’t told them that he wasn’t coming to class, and the only message he’d sent to Ned over the weekend was a quick one to tell him he was alive.Not okay. Alive.Peter hadn’t felt okay in days.Blowing out a breath, Peter tried to zone in on all the sounds in the house. He did this sometimes to pass the time; did it to ground himself and remind himself where he was. Peter could hear the faint buzzing of electrics; the television in the living room, the lights in the bathroom, the fan of a laptop sitting in the kitchen somewhere. There was the ticking of three clocks, the sound of Pepper’s nails tapping against the counter, Tony’s steady breathing.“We could cancel, you know,” Pepper said. Her voice was distant but he caught it.Tony sighed. “I know but he’d feel bad if he knew why we cancelled.”“Then we don’t tell him.”“Pep.”“I know. But I’d feel bad about leaving him here with someone, especially after everything he told us.”Peter swallowed and sat up. There was a pause in their conversation and Peter took his chance to move to the door and lightly click it open. He could hear them more clearly without it in the way.“I can make another reservation if you want to stay. We’ll do it another night.”“No… We can’t do that. We should keep the reservation. It’s Valentine’s Day, after all, and we barely got time to ourselves before he came back, let alone after.”“Alright, then what do we tell him? That we have to give him another babysitter? He’s seventeen, he’s not going to want that.”Peter crept out into the hallway and slowly descended the stairs, keeping his feet as close to the wall as he could to avoid the squeaks.“I’m not sure,” Pepper replied. “He feels like he’s being watched all the time, what if we just gave him a night off?”“Fury would blow a gasket.”“Fury doesn’t have to know.”They both stopped talking so Peter froze on the staircase, listening to Pepper’s nails, tapping, Tony’s breathing, steady, and the news he could now hear, playing in the background.“FRIDAY,” Tony said, suddenly. “Is Peter still in his room?”Peter winced.“No, Peter is on the staircase. I believe he is listening to your conversation.”Wince intact, Peter called out, “Sorry!” and heard Pepper’s snort in response.“Kid, get in here.”Peter descended the stairs and rounded into the kitchen. Pepper was leaning against the kitchen island, and Tony was sitting on the back of the living room sofa, the TV playing to itself. It was almost noon – Peter expected at least one of them to be at work by now.“In my defence,” Peter started as he walked in, “you two should stop talking about me in my hearing range.”Tony rolled his eyes. “We’re going to do a full set of tests on your hearing. Can you hear everything in this house?”Peter locked eyes with him. “Everything. Too much. Way, way too much.”For a few seconds, no one moved, then Peter smiled and went in search of orange juice in the fridge. Pepper watched him with a raised eyebrow, the tense look melting from her face.“You seem chipper today,” she commented. “Maybe you should’ve gone to school after all.”Peter shook his head, pulling out the carton. “I wasn’t feeling great until just now,” he admitted. “I think I can turn it on and off.” Or, maybe, it was being in the same room as them that made him feel better. (He decided not to mention that.)His parents frowned at each other until Peter drank the juice straight from the carton. Then Pepper knocked on the box lightly.“Stop that,” she complained. “You’ll get your germs in the OJ. No one needs that.”Peter rolled his eyes and pulled a glass from the cabinet, pouring the juice in.“So, Pete,” Tony said, moving over to the island. “What did you think about the conversation you eavesdropped on?”He shrugged, putting away the juice. “I don’t have all the context,” he replied, “but it sounds like you want to go out.” He didn’t want to address the elephant-sized babysitter in the room.“Well, it is Valentine’s Day tomorrow,” Pepper replied.Peter frowned. “What’s that?”His parents shared a glance and Tony asked, “You don’t know what Valentine’s Day is?”“…No. It sounds like I should though.”“Well, you knew about it when you were little,” Pepper said. “You made a card for everyone in your class. There was glitter everywhere for weeks.”Peter smiled but he didn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
valentines day
teenager for language
Peter says Fuck
Love Letters
Bad movies
breaking rules and mild teenage rebellion
Fluff

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

