Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony span on his chair lazily, the one at the head of the Stark Industries Boardroom they were in, and stopped to look at Fury’s one good eye.“So, why am I here? Why’s Pepper here? She’s got a company to run. And mostly why are you here? I’d ask about the extra level cloak and dagger stuff, but I’m beginning to think you just like the glamour of it.”Hill crossed her arms and Tony smiled to himself. He never managed to press Fury’s buttons but Hill always managed to feel the indignation in behalf of her boss.“You may have noticed Hammer Tech has been pumping out new tech more often these days,” Fury noted.“Always on the heels of Stark Industries, always a hair away from flagrant patent violations. Pep stays on top of it. You worried about our corporate intellectual property now?” Tony asked.“They’re busy. Too busy for what they’re producing and we think they’re trying to cover for something more questionable,” Hill explained. Tony span again on his chair.“They did that with Ivan Vanko’s tech. If you think they’re at it again, get in there and shut them down,” Tony said with a shrug.“We’ve had covert operatives go in there – they’re reported nothing unseemly going on, but we’ve had data to indicate otherwise,” Fury said.Hill pointed her phone towards one of the boardroom screens and Tony noted it wasn’t one of the standard issue SHIELD phones, but rather one of the prototypes of Stark Phones he’s been producing recently.On the screen was a global map, showing seemingly randomly located indicators of radiation detection.“This shows a new type of radiation that’s been detected – the detection is based on Banner’s heavily classified work. It’s never detected  in the same place twice, usually short bursts – we think it’s a side effect of a manufacturing process of some kind,” Hill explained.“Manufacturing of what?” Pepper asked.“We don’t know,” Fury admitted. “But it’s coincided with Hammertech’s global movements. Movements they’ve gone to a great deal of trouble and expense to try and hide.”Hill clicked up an overlay on the map. “This shows Hammertech’s global business involvement – usually covert – third or fourth parties securing resources, logistics, land or property.”“But there’s plenty of places that they’re involved where this radiation hasn’t been detected – it’s a small percentage,” Pepper pointed out, looking at the data.“And this is an overlay of where Hammertech movement has coincided with large groups of people going missing,” Hill said, clicking again. The display showed Hammertech’s movements clearly linked either to the unknown radiation or unexplained disappearance of people.Pepper leant forward to look at the data. “Nigeria, Somalia, Chad, Uzbekistan, Cambodia… It’s mostly third world countries where modern day slavery is still rife,” she commented with a worried glance at Tony. “You think Hammertech is using slavery as a workforce?”“Not quite,” Fury said, nodding to Hill. She brought up one last overlay. Red spots appeared on the screen clustered in the areas where people had been taken.“This shows where we’ve detected disturbances in the upper ionosphere, similar to the where we’ve seen alien technology transporting onto ships or when Thor’s bridge cut through the atmosphere. We were only able to detect this recently due to Dr Foster’s more recent work,” Hill explained.Pepper sat back in shock. “You think-““They’re being exported off-world, yes.”“Hammer is trading slaves for tech?” Tony asked, incredulous.“Yes- And we don’t know what goals he has yet, or who has those kids,” Fury confirmed.“KIDS?!” Pepper exclaimed.“Mostly young teens from orphanages – it seems they want the young and healthy,” Hill said, nodding at Pepper’s expression of disgust.“The agents we’ve sent in, the ones who’ve come back with nothing – we think they’re part of a bigger picture here. We think we’ve been infiltrated,” Fury said.Tony’s eyes widened. “Who knows about this?”“Everyone in this room plus the new head of the UN,  Verionica Jeria – We’ve did some extensive checking before notifying her – she can be trusted,” Fury explained.“Friday, invoke the Squirrel Protocol,” Tony said.“Yes, Boss.”“What’s that?” Hill asked.“That’s Tony’s most classified security protocol,” Fury answered smugly. “He reserves it for times when he doesn’t want SHIELD to have an inkling of what he’s doing.”“Super Secret Squirrel,” Tony added. “If someone manages to hack my personal servers none of this conversation will have existed, you weren’t here and Pepper and I were at lunch in Santa Monica. I note you’re not using standard SHIELD tech – How deep is the rot?”“We don’t know,” Fury replied honestly. “And we don’t know how long has been is going on – It’s complete chance that Banner and Foster’s research picked up on the emissions that triggered our suspicions. The research teams themselves don’t realise the significance of this data.”“How can the Avengers help?” Pepper asked, wondering why she was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
First Time
First Kiss
Sex Tapes
Undercover Missions
Rough Sex
Peter is not underage when they have sex
fake sex while underage

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

