Chapter 1: enter the harlot and the landlord
    


Notes:

guess what time it is? it's time for the kinky mafia fic!



well, i'm back at it again with the a/b/o stucky, if you don't know me, hi, i'm your friendly (and currently spooky) neighborhood angst/trash queen, and this is part 6 of an on-going a/b/o multiverse series featuring stucky and the fact that having a uterus is inconvenient. when you're done here, you can check out the other five parts of this series if you want, or you could wait until this evening for me to post chapter two of this fic. speaking of the schedule, i'll be posting two chapters each day until the final chapter, which i'll give you a day's wait to ruminate on the rest of the fic before i give you the last chapter. so when chapter 24 comes, know that i warned you.

("wait, that sounds ominous moony," you say? why are you saying that? this is an indulgent mafia-au fic! c'mon! stop accusing me of being unnecessarily angsty!) (lexi is Looking At Me, i'm sure.) (what do you mean, i nicknamed myself a friendly neighborhood angst queen? lexi nicknamed me an angst queen, i just added the friendly neighborhood thing!)

i'll stop babbling. on with the show!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

  

 

enter the harlot and the landlord 
 Steve’s sitting on the floor of a dusty old warehouse, idly picking at a tear in his nylons, bored out of his mind and watching a couple of nobodies scrap it out in a bare-knuckle fight. He’s only there to look good. His boss, his pimp really, has a hand on his hair but doesn’t do anything, which is disappointing. Steve loves having his hair petted, even if it’s by a complete and utter moron like Brock Rumlow. The fight doesn’t interest him. The warehouse is clouded with the scent of sweat, blood, liquor and smoke. The ramshackle ring is just a chalk circle, and Rando Alpha #1 is about to knock Rando Alpha #2 out of it. Neither of them are important and while Steve’s sure he’s blown Rando #2 before, he doesn’t know their names. He keeps idly picking at his nylons, waiting for something interesting to happen or for somebody to come up to Rumlow and buy a favor off him. That favor being Steve. He’d much rather be somewhere getting fucked than watching this fight. Rumlow’s having a business conversation with some other rando, which Steve cares about just as much as the fight. He’s still not petting Steve’s hair, and Steve is still salty about it. He looks longingly at his phone, plugged in behind Rumlow’s chair, but it’s still charging and the cord isn’t long enough to reach to where he’s sitting. He looks back at the fight with a bored sigh and props his temple against Rumlow’s knee. Next to him, Darcy lays down on the floor and puts her head in his lap. Steve automatically begins finger-combing her hair, because at least he understands that if you’re going to touch an Omega’s hair, you’d better pet them. “Bored as shit,” Darcy whispers. “Same,” Steve says back flatly, then does the dance move to follow her line. “Quiet,” Rumlow snaps. Steve rolls his eyes. Darcy raises her eyebrows. They have a silent conversation of  how long is this fucking night going to be  and  I have no fucking clue,  and Steve sighs again. Brass Fang runs the illegal fights and Rumlow runs Brass Fang. Steve and Darcy work for Fang, and normally on a Friday night they’d be standing on some random street corner in platform stilettos, but Rumlow heard rumors that the head of the Seyrbakov crime family was going to show up to tonight’s fight and decided he wanted his two best assets on display. To show off. Like they are his pets and he is a collector of exotic animals posing for his portrait. Steve thinks this is complete bullshit and imagines that Barnes will not be impressed in any way by a man who’s keeping two of his hookers off the streets to sit by his boots, earning exactly zero dollars. He also thinks that the head of the Seyrbakov family isn’t going to even bother scuffing his shoes to attend an underground fight ring run by a gang as small time as Brass Fang. The gang barely controls a neighborhood. The Seyrbakov family runs the whole of New York City; minus Staten Island, but who gives a shit about Staten Island? At least by Darcy putting her head in his lap, Steve can’t rip his nylons any more than they already are. And if he unfocuses his eyes and lets his head relax against Rumlow’s knee, he can get some fucking sleep. Rumlow hasn’t even said if he’s paying them for tonight, which would be just like him. The fight ends and Rando #2 is hauled off half-unconscious. Steve’s sure he should probably know Rando #1’s name by now since he’s won the last six fights, but he doesn’t really care. Darcy is already asleep and Steve’s on his way there. The both of them can sleep with their eyes open; Steve can even sleep standing up. It’s a skill they learned while standing on random street corners waiting for somebody to proposition
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/The Entirety of New York City
that one's a joke

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Alternate Universe - Criminals
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Russian Mafia
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Gang Violence
Gun Violence
Gunshot Wounds
Kidnapping
Attempted Sexual Assault
Past Child Abuse
Pedophilia
Subdrop
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
minus the arm
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Mob Boss Bucky Barnes
Mob Wife Steve Rogers
Explicit Sexual Content
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Spanking
Butt Plugs
Collars
Wax Play
Lingerie
Humiliation
Power Dynamics
Age Difference
Age Play
Sexual Roleplay
Masturbation
Public Sex
Formalwear
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Cock Warming
Cock Slut
Size Kink
Condoms
Safe Sane and Consensual
Anal Hygiene
Comeplay
Come Eating
Shower Sex
Anal Sex
POV Steve Rogers
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Clothed Sex
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Captain America Big Bang 2018 | cabigbang
Embedded Images
Digital Art
Eating Disorders
Crying
Dacryphilia
Begging
Hurt/Comfort
Aftercare
Makeup
Major Character Injury
Don't copy to another site
Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Misgendering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/The Entirety of New York City
that one's a joke

