Chapter 1: Mind Manipulation and Memories
    




Chapter Text
It had been a good day so far. It wasn’t even lunchtime yet and Tony recognised the fact, that his day had been damn good – so far at least. He woke up five minutes before his alarm and was able to just lay in his bed and soak up the remaining time he had left before it really roused him. When he wandered into Peter’s room the boy had still been asleep, buried under blankets and pillows with only a small but wild tuft of curly hair poking out from underneath the warm nest he had made in his sleep. He had run his hand through the soft locks and murmured good morning to the boy who was only half awake at that point. “Morning Petey, how’d you sleep?” A mild and incoherent mumble was all he got in reply before he was met with a lapful of sleepy teen. “Mmmm. Yurr warm” Peter slurred, too tired to even work his mouth properly yet. He nuzzled himself further into Tony’s top and furled his arms around his Dad’s waist, humming in content. “Maybe it’s not me that’s warm, just the room. It is actually a nice day, so get up and check outside the windows instead of lying here,” he said fondly, a smile curling the edges of his mouth up. “Besides, you gotta leave for school in awhile anyway.” That woke him up more, because he groaned loudly and rolled over, stretching out like a cat. “Nuuuuuh. I don’ wanna go to school,” he whined, but started to wake himself up slowly, rubbing his eyes and yawning widely. He never said it out loud, but sleepy Peter was one of his favourite things in the morning. He couldn’t help but love it, the kid was just so clingy, and his curly bedhead was absolutely the cutest thing Tony had ever seen in his life. He had about a solid thirty – forty odd minutes till Peter was coherent again, so he made the best possible use of his time. “C’mere then” he offered, slipping off the bed and stretching his arms out wide. Peter rolled back over and as soon as he realised what Tony’s spread-eagled arms meant his face broke into a bright smile. He jumped up with a blanket still draped over his shoulders and fell into the hug eagerly, slotting his head easily against strong shoulders and tucking it under the stubbled chin, his untamed hair brushing against Tony’s lips as he pressed down against the boy’s scalp. “Go get ready for school, I’ll sort breakfast.” Peter relented finally, pushing himself off Tony and dragging himself to the bathroom, leaving the blanket on the bed. But that had been this morning, and even if he hated leaving Peter at home when he finished school because he had a mission, he still had to. That was why he was here, at an old Hydra base, staring directly at Loki’s glowing blue scepter. “Thor, I got eyes on the prize.” He had the hint of a smile on his face, getting this weapon back to Thor would bring the mission to a close quicker, and that meant he could go home and relax with his son for the evening. Good days don’t last – and apparently for Tony, they couldn’t even make it past lunch. He was about three strides away from the main aim of the mission, when he froze. Something in his head tingled, something felt very, horribly wrong. A burst of red filled his vision and he could feel it’s coldness creeping into his skull and etching into his body, burrowing deep inside of him until he couldn’t even see the room anymore. Just a vast, expansive view of red mist. Then, from somewhere behind him, he could see light again. It was yellow hued, and it reminded him of the lights in the kitchen at home. He turned towards it, blinking away the red which seeped out of his vision quickly enough to not raise flags. Tony was standing in his own kitchen, back at the tower. How did he… it didn’t matter, he couldn’t care less, because now he could see Peter. “Hey kid, how was school?” Nothing. The boy didn’t move, make any acknowledgement that he was even standing there in the doorway, his eyes didn’t shift from where he was hunched over a homework book and chewing on the end of a pen. “Pete?” No movement, no response at all. Something was different about the familiar scene, but he just couldn’t… put a finger on exactly what was wrong. The kitchen looked exactly the same, the windows gave the same view of the city and everything outside the glass was normal, the books strewn across the table were ones Tony had seen the teen study a few times before, so that wasn’t it. Maybe it was Peter? Now that he focused on his son, he did notice what was different. He was holding himself strangely, almost like he was on edge, or waiting for something, someone, perhaps even worried? He didn’t have to wonder long, because he heard eerily recognizable footsteps from behind him, and turning, he saw what was wrong with the situation. When he shifted to see behind him, his eyes fell on the source of the footsteps. It was Tony. It was – well it was like looking in a mirror, a recording of yourself, or into another dimension. He wasn’t wearing the same thing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Telepathic Wanda Maximoff
Mind Control
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Memories
Childhood Memories
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Fear
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alcoholic Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Peter Parker
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Precious Peter Parker
Whump
Whumptober
Whumptober 2018
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker isn't Spider-Man
Betrayal
Prompt Fill
Electrocution
Manhandling
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drugs
Restraints
Fluff
Hugs
Adorable Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Superfamily (Marvel)
Bruises
Concussions
Self-Sacrifice
Hostage Situations
Broken Bones
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Avengers Family
BAMF Peter Parker
Blood
Stranded
Hypothermia
Exhaustion
harsh climate
stabbed
Insomnia
Kidnapping
Fever
Torture
Seizures
Poisoning
"Stay"
Bedridden
Severe Illness
Caregiver
friendly-fire
Drowning
showdown

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

