Chapter 1: A Brief Introduction
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The first time Tony met him was in a routine HYDRA takedown.Everything was going smoothly. Shoot a couple bad guys here, punch a dozen more over there. Check if the rooms are empty. Announce that hallway ‘X’ in wing ‘Y’ is clear into the comms and receive a smattering of sarcastic quips and jabs in return. Move on to the next section and repeat.It was the sixth ‘move on to the next section and repeat’ that made the smooth routine grind to a halt. As Tony rounded yet another corner into yet another corridor that looked exactly the same as the five previous ones, (white walls, ceiling and floors, clinically bright tube lighting and evenly spaced doors) he probably should have taken more notice to the fact that the second half of the corridor’s lights were out, drenching the end of the windowless area in complete darkness.But he didn’t, deciding to focus more on three weasely looking HYRDA scientist’s as they scurried fearfully out of rooms. They clutched stacks of slightly crimpled paper which most definitely contained their life-long research of morally sinful medical discoveries.Taking pity on the way each froze when they saw Iron Man approach, Tony made their punched induced knock-outs swift and brief, though their restraints were just as tight as the rest. He checked the rooms that the men had scrambled out of and Tony wasn’t too surprised to see that they were empty.It was always the cowardly and narcissistic researchers of HYDRA that refused to leave empty handed, even when faced with mortal danger."Iron Man,” a familiar voice came through the comms, “Any updates?”Tony couldn’t help but roll his eyes, “Everything’s peachy where I’m at Cap and did you seriously just call me Iron Man? I thought the formalities ended when I first called you Capisicle.”A few snickers from the other Avengers filtered into the comms but Steve merely sighed, “This is a mission Tony we have to be at least somewhat professional.”Tony scoffed, “Yeah and you once told me to watch my lang– oh shit!”A swift punch connected with his face and Tony fell to the ground, Iron Man suit and all.He froze in shock for a few seconds, allowing his brain to catch up and process what had just happened. Tony had never met anyone with enough strength to knock him down with a single hit apart from Hulk, Vision and Thor (not that they ever had). He supposed he’d been distracted and hadn’t exactly been in a ready fighting stance but still, Tony wasn’t even sure if Steve was capable of doing that without the help of his shield.Tony lifted his head up to see who the culprit was but the hallway appeared empty. He boosted back up into standing position, repulsors aimed at the dark corridor that lay before him. Someone or something was over there, he was sure of it. But what?“Uh, Tones?” Rhodey asked nervously, “Are you sure you’re okay?”Tony’s eyes didn’t leave the dark corridor, “Yeah about that, I might need back up. I think I’m dealing with something more advanced than your typical HYDRA agent.”Before the others could reply, an all too cheery and sarcastic voice came from the dark, “Advanced you say? Well, I would hope so,” The owner of the voice stepped out of their shelter of blackness to reveal, well…More black? Tony could barely distinguish the outline of the figure who now stood almost lazily under the bright lights. They were wearing a suit that covered them from head to toe which was so dark, it was as if somebody had cut a human-sized shape out of reality to reveal a void completely devoid light. In fact, the only part he could see clearly were the comically exaggerated outlines of eyes in a dulled, matt white and the fabric encased in them which was a slightly lighter black than the rest of the suit.“But truly Mister Stark, I’m honoured,” The figure continued, seemingly unfazed at the lack of movement from Tony. His voice sounded light and youthful, as if it had barely come out of puberty but that couldn’t be right, could it? This thing, this person couldn’t be a child.Right? Before Tony could interrogate, the figure lifted his arms and two thin strings came out of his wrist area so quickly that the action seemed blurred. The strings connected to both of Tony’s gauntlets and encased them in— was that webbing?The shock of the situation was all too much and he barely acknowledged the figure pulling him forwards until it was almost too late. In haste, Tony blasted his repulsors at full, snapping the webs, and he once again found himself landing on his back; this time with his repulsors facing the ceiling.Cap’s voice returned, “Tony? Are you okay? Hang in there Natasha and I are coming.” “Tell them not to bother,” The figure responded, walking over to where Tony lay, “They won’t do much.” “Hang on,” Tony said recovering just slightly from the shock to realise what the figure had said, “How the hell did you hear them? That wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Original Character(s)
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Whump
i think
Abduction
Rated teen for bad language
Swearing
like a fucking pirate
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter Parker
Some other character's might pop up so I might add them later
How Do I Tag
POV Third Person
Panic Attacks
kind of?
Implied/Referenced Torture
Vomiting
Emotional Manipulation
Verbal Abuse
Gun Violence
Torture
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Original Character(s)
Peter Parker & Everyone

