Chapter 1





Chapter Text
His body is not his own.

This may not be the first thing they teach him, but it is the first thing he learns.

When it hungers and thirsts, he cannot feed it. When its hair grows, he cannot cut it. When it has waste to expel, he cannot choose where to empty it. When it bruises and bleeds, he cannot stop it.

When it freezes, he cannot warm it.

Even after everything else starts to melt away, after all the painstaking minutes and days and weeks and months spent learning how to reclaim what is his, this is the one lesson that remains ingrained within him as deeply as the cold that continues to burrow within the very marrow of his bones. 


He may not have his body but at least he has his name, though it doesn’t make him feel much better.

“Your name is James Buchanan Barnes,” the man in blue says to him while everything is falling; the walls are collapsing into themselves and the plane is plummeting into the Potomac and his heart has dropped to his stomach.

Then, weeks later, not in a plane, not wearing blue, the man – Captain Ameri-, no, Steve – is saying “Bucky,” and nothing is falling but he still feels like he is.

“I’m never going to be him,” is the first thing he tells Steve once he’s finally allowed himself to be found.

Steve insists it doesn’t matter.  That he doesn't have to be, that he can be whoever he wants.

But the thing is, he wants to be Bucky Barnes, even though it terrifies him, even though he feels like a thief every time he hears that name applied to him and not to the man with his face that he’d read about at the Smithsonian for hours every day for two weeks before finally deciding to give it a go for himself.The name feels nice but also wrong, like a rank he has not earned, a pleasure he does not deserve to know.

Still, pleasure is pleasure and he’s desperate for it whether he deserves it or not, so he takes it when it’s given and the way Steve’s eyes light up whenever he – James, James Buchanan Barnes, Bucky – responds to the name like it’s his own almost makes it seem like he is actually worthy of it. 


Nobody notices it at first because nobody touches him, which sounds more extreme than it actually is, because the pool of potential people from which this ‘nobody’ is drawn is about 98% Steve, who fusses over Bucky with his face and words and everything else except his hands.

Fair enough, Bucky thinks. Thinks of the blood on his own hands and the grotesque topography of his body and his face that is a cheap imitation of some precious ancient relic.

He wouldn’t want to touch himself either.

Sometimes, however, he catches Steve beginning to reach out towards him with the same reflexive ease as a person extending their arm in response to someone else’s offered handshake. He’s always left a little awed by just how natural a motion it seems to be for Steve’s body, how perfected and polished it is, even after all this time of not doing it.

Bucky knows a thing or two about muscle memory. It was, after all, what he operated on for seventy years.

But it’s something that runs a little deeper, a little darker, than mere motor learning that has him disappearing inside himself whenever someone else’s body threatens to overlap with his own.

At first, he thinks that’s why no one will lay a hand on him. His brain may be fried, but he’s not stupid; he sees the way they watch him, like he’s a landmine that will detonate beneath just the slightest pressure. He sees the sad understanding in Natasha's eyes and he knows Sam probably told them all about neurosis and battle exhaustion (“It’s called post-traumatic stress disorder now,” Steve says uncomfortably one night as he’s stripping urine-stained sheets from the bed, Bucky watching him miserably from the doorway, stinking of piss and fear and shame). About how Bucky might not want to be touched after what happened to him. It’s only when Bucky sees his own reflection in the television screen one afternoon that he realises he’s given them absolutely no indication that he feels this way. He’s sitting on the couch, watching the blank screen as if it was actually playing something. He likes the television when it’s turned off, when it’s quiet and safe, not full of loud colours that are too bright and move too quickly, but he knows Steve hates it when he spends too long staring at nothing so he tries to shift his gaze every now and then to placate him.

Steve comes to sit beside him, arm beginning to curve to fit Bucky's shoulders as he’s lowering himself onto the couch, but, as usual, he stops himself before any actual contact is made and even shifts a couple inches away from Bucky before he finally takes a seat.

Bucky watches all this in the TV screen. Watches the fluid movement of Steve’s arm, interrupted by the split-second of realisation before it withdraws. Watches the sofa sink beneath Steve’s weight. But most attentively of all, Bucky watches himself. The Bucky on the screen does not flinch, does not freeze, does no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Consent Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Sexual Abuse
Past Torture
Agency issues
Recovery
Service Dogs
Therapy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

