Chapter 1





Chapter Text

There were only two things Tony was aware of, the cold, and the pain. Hours had passed since Captain Perfection had skipped away into the setting sun with his buddy boy Bucky. Now the cold had refrigerated the suit and worked its way through the cushioning inside and had begun to attack Tony’s skin.


Then there was the pain. The pain from Tony’s broken ribs, the pain from Tony’s multiple concussions, the pain from his arm which had barely healed from Germany, the numb pain from Tony’s hand which felt frozen solid. And the emotional pain. Rogers, his lying, his betrayal, his stubbornness, his actions and words making Tony feel like nothing when he had only wanted to impress the man that Howard had given long, loving speeches about. In a tone that Tony would’ve loved to hear from his father, directed at him. Not at Rogers.


But Howard was dead.


Along with his mum.


Barnes had crushed them and beaten them and 

murdered 

them.


Tony had blamed himself, he had blamed Howard.



And Rogers had lied.


 

Forget the earlier thought.

 

Tony felt three things, cold, pain,

 

And 

hatred.



The hate was filling him, blocking out and numbing the freezing pain. Hate for Rogers, for Romanoff who most definitely knew, for Barnes, for the Avengers and Ross and Bruce and Thor for not being here, for 

everyone.



Including himself, but that is no different than usual.


But Rogers would pay. Barnes was a victim and once Tony had spent a few days or so recovering then he will have to put that hate aside. But Rogers… Tony loathed Rogers with every part of his being. Vengeful thoughts filled his mind. Rogers... Rogers… Rogers… The American Golden Boy, the vision of everyone’s perfect friend. If Steve was everyone’s Angel… then Tony was their Devil. But all along they had gotten the titles wrong. Rogers was a snake, a demon, a deception. And Tony? Tony was going to send him to hell.

 

-o-x-o-


Steve walked through the hallways of Wakanda. Bucky had recently gone into cryo and Steve was having trouble finding something to do. The others were constantly sulking. Specifically Clint. Which, granted, wasn’t his fault. Tony was keeping him away from his family.


“Steve?” Steve turned and saw Natasha looking at him from the doorway to her room.


“Yeah?”


“You okay?”


“Of course why wouldn’t I be?”


“Your face.” she smiled sadly. “That face means you are thinking about Tony.”


“I have a face for that?”


“Yes.” She walked towards him, eyes on his face. “It’s regretful.”


“That certainly isn’t depressing.” Steve smiled slightly. Ignoring the truth to her words.


“What happened in Siberia?” She asked softly. Steve backed away. The others had stopped asking him after the first couple of times were Steve had simply said, “Tony tried to stop us. So we fought.” But Natasha was persistent. Every now and then she would just spring the question on him when he least expected it.


“I told you already Nat,” Steve answered finally.


“You would feel better if you didn’t ignore it,” Natasha said, her face still kind.


“I told you already.”


“Steve.” Natasha’s kindness slipped away and was replaced by impatience. “You have to tell us. Otherwise, I will hack HYDRA and get the footage from the base myself.”



No



“I’ll tell you when I’m ready.” Insisted Steve. Before Natasha could reply, he turned and left. He vaguely registered Natasha murmuring something in Russian behind him.


He continued to his room. He really needed to sleep. Steve had stayed awake throughout the process of putting Bucky into Cryo which had taken most of last night. Closing the door behind him Steve closed his eyes sighing. He couldn’t help feeling slightly guilty for bringing his friends into his problems even if it was what was right.


Steve sighed, flicking off the lights and kicking off his shoes as he collapsed into bed. Closing his eyes, he fell asleep.


Steve jumped awake. Looking around panicked before remembering he was in Wakanda. And Bucky was safe. He was safe. Bucky…


Steve froze. He wasn’t alone in the room.


“Who’s there? Show yourself!” he spoke with a calmness that didn’t reflect his current emotions.


“I was there for hours, you know.” A cold voice spoke from the darkness. “Freezing. Rotting. 

Dying.

”


“What?” Steve looked around for the source of the voice but the room was pitch black. He recognized the voice. But it was too cold, too cruel, to be him.


“I should just start to expect betrayal shouldn’t I?” The voice spoke again, the coldness increasing with every syllable.


“T-Tony?” Steve looked around beginning to stand up and move towards the light.


“Don’t you dare move.” Tony snarled from the darkness. Steve stopped, his heart beating unnaturally fast.


“Tony, are you there.”


“Don’t call me Tony, Rogers.” Tony hissed. “You don’t have the right. To act like my friend. To act like you know me.”


“Sorry,” Steve answered, his eyes desperate to find the figure of his friend in the dark
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Assassin Tony Stark
Superspy Tony Stark
Dark Tony Stark
Sort Of
Not dark in terms of violence
mostly - Freeform
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

