Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 




Originally posted by 221bwithyou

“Yeah, baby, just like that,” he purred, holding his cock steady as you speared yourself on it. The stretch was delicious, making you moan loudly as he bottomed out inside of you. 



“You take my cock so nice, Doll,” he murmured, reaching around to rub your clit gently as a reward. 
“Oh god, please fuck me, master,” you pleaded, hips bucking against his hand. 
“God isn’t the one inside of you, my little slut. But since you asked so nicely…” he said silkily, pulling his hips back slowly before snapping them forward again, making you cry out with pleasure. Every move inside of you was the epitome of pleasure, better than anyone you’d had before. 
He fucked you relentlessly, setting a brutal pace that had you screaming your satisfaction in minutes. He grabbed your hips, pulling you back onto his cock with every thrust forward, his balls slapping lewdly against you. He bent over you and took a nipple roughly in his grasp, pinching it almost painfully hard, causing you to mewl and arch your chest into his hand. 
“Please- fuck- I’m so close. Don’t stop!” you begged, savoring the way his pace sped up at your words. 
“You gonna be a good girl and cum for me, Doll?” he whispered in your ear before biting your earlobe. 
You turned your head to look at him, capturing his lips with your own. His blue eyes never left yours as you nodded and begged, “Please, sir, I wanna cum. Want your cum in me,” you murmured, eyes pleading with him. 
“You’re such a fucking slut. I love it,” he said, grinning wickedly. His lips latched onto your shoulder, sucking hard enough to leave love bites. You gasped in mingled pain and pleasure as he bit your neck before soothing it with a lick. 
His fingers on your clit picked up their pace and you felt yourself nearing your climax. You reached behind you and gently cupped his balls, causing him to murmur praises in your ear, and you felt yourself about to-


BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP


You sat up in your bed, suddenly wide awake. You turned and glared at your phone, which was blaring that god awful alarm. 
“Just when I was about to get to the good part…” you muttered angrily, fighting the urge to throw the thing against your wall. You angrily jammed your finger on the Dismiss Alarm button and groaned, flopping backwards onto your bed. Maybe you could just… go back to sleep and hope to pick up the dream where you’d left off? 
Bah, that never fucking worked, and you had to get to work if you wanted enough money for food this month. 
You wiped a hand over your face, glaring at the sun shining merrily through the window. You were tired. In fact, you were always tired nowadays. You attributed it to the fitful sleep the man in your dreams caused. You weren’t sure exactly when you started dreaming about him, but you enjoyed yourself immensely every time he made an appearance in your dreams… which was every night.
You groaned and got up from bed and went to get ready for your day.

You gazed around the room, base-filled music pounding in your ears. Monsters from almost every species you’d ever heard of were dancing around you, unaware of the perfectly tasty main course in their midst. You still weren’t entirely sure how’d you’d been convinced to come in here. You’d lost Wanda a while ago and you sincerely hoped you wouldn’t end up dead tonight. 
The conversation had gone something like this:

“I refuse,” you said bluntly, glaring at your friend, Wanda. 
“Come on, it’ll be fine! They won’t know you’re human!” she insisted.
You see, Wanda was a witch. A powerful one, at that. You’d become her friend after a particularly harrowing escape from a vampire together and had been inseparable ever since. She was now trying to convince you to come with her to a supernatural-creatures-only night club, but you weren’t biting. 
“Wanda, they’ll spot me from a mile away. Or, if they have ‘wolves at the door, smell me,” you said, crossing your arms obstinately.
“Please, (Y/N)! I’ll mask you! It’ll be fun I promise!” she pleaded, falling on her hands and knees, looking, frankly, a bit pathetic. 
You groaned, rolling your eyes. “Fine, but you’ll owe me. Now, stop grovelling. It’s beneath you.”
She leaped up and cheered in excitement then quickly ran off, dragging you behind her to get ready for your night out on the town. 
So now, here you were. At a club full of supernatural beings, at least half of which would eat you in a heartbeat if they knew you were there. 
To Wanda’s credit, though, she’d done a spectacular job of hiding your true identity; Not even the werewolves guarding the door had sniffed twice.
That was, until a familiar set of eyes caught your attention from across the room. 




Originally posted by buckynsebimagines

He was staring directly at you, blue-grey eyes trained on you like a hawk watching its prey. The smirk on his lips was just as familiar as his eyes, and you felt heat pool between your thighs at the sight of him. 
You knew th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bucky/reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader
demon!bucky/reader

freeform: 
demon!Bucky
incubus!bucky
actual witch!wanda
Fallen angel!steve
porn without much plot
succubus!Natasha
PORN gifs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bucky/reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader
demon!bucky/reader

