Chapter 1: [Tony POV]
    




Chapter Text
"You are aware, I'm sure," Commander Strucker drawled, "that the Zemo formula will break you down until you are moldable as clay."
Tony glared at him from his half-mangled armour. Strucker had him, and there was no escape, this time. Not unless Jarvis and Rhodes were willing to turn the airship around into a hail of enemy fire that was liable to send them crashing to the ground and render their only transport useless. He said nothing, maintaining a stony silence.
"Oh," Strucker added with a pleased expression, "your spirit will make you that much more fun to break. We know precisely where your weak point is, Mr. Stark, and we will not hesitate to use it."
That was the problem. Tony forced himself not to react.
Strucker turned his attention to the goons standing behind him and to his left. "Bring the artifact," he demanded. "I wish to test the full extent of its capabilities on a conscious strong-willed subject before we turn him to our banner."
Oh, that didn't sound good. Tony tried to force his racing thoughts to slow, and failed. What was this artifact? What could it do? Why did it matter that he was strong-willed? Would he even live through this test? Strucker seemed to think he would, but Tony knew just how low the charge on his repulsor pump was. And it was an 'artifact', which implied magic. What kind of magic? Was it something that required spilled blood? Or maybe it was meant to control the mind and will of the subject?
Tony shuddered, thankful that the armour hid his reaction to the thought. He'd come across such artifacts before. Even touching them had made him feel slimy, and nevermind that he hadn't been trying to use them. Hell, he'd actively been trying to avoid doing that, even by accident, in those moments.
It didn't take long for the goons to reappear, carrying a trunk measuring about one meter by a half meter that was loaded down with locks and other assorted security measures.
Commander Strucker waited until the goons stopped in front of him and saluted with their free hands, then opened the trunk. The sequential clicks of the locks popping open and the creak of the lid's hinges made Tony close his eyes hard briefly.
Whatever was about to happen, he was certain it would not be pleasant for him.
When he forced his eyes back open, Strucker's face was bathed in a blueish glow that made him look even more sinister. He made an abrupt gesture, and the goons stepped aside, still holding the trunk. He caught Tony's eyes and held up the artifact so that Tony could see it. It was a cube, about ten centimeters on a side, and it glowed brightly white-blue. He'd heard rumours among some of his contacts that the Cosmic Cube existed, and here it was. In Strucker's hands.
"Hold still now," Strucker told him, enjoying Tony's apprehension and revulsion to the hilt, "this is going to hurt."
On the heels of that statement, the world dissolved into a blur of agony. Tony was pretty sure he screamed, for all that he couldn't hear it. It felt like the skin on his back was being flayed open and left to bleed freely. His heart stumbled in his chest, fighting to beat even halfway evenly under the strain of the adrenaline that had to be flooding his system and the quickly fading power available to his repulsor pump.
The world faded to black.
Some indeterminate length of time later, he fell face first onto the floor, the sensation of the cool stone under his skin distant and his muscles twitching and out of his control. It only dimly registered that they'd pried him out of his armour somehow. That mattered a lot less than the sensation of blinding heat coming from under his shoulder blades and upper back, though. He couldn't make his eyes focus. Couldn't pull in enough air. He was alive for now, his heart somehow still beating, but under this kind of pressure he was going to suffocate long before Strucker allowed the torture to end.
It wasn't a merciful end, by any means, but he would take that over being brainwashed into serving HYDRA.
A tearing sensation ran down his back on either side of his spine, accompanied by what seemed like entire rivers of his blood, and he felt the scream resonate in his chest and throat that time, for all that he still heard nothing.
It was too much for him to bear, weakened by the battle beforehand and the way the repulsor pump was growing less and less helpful. When unconsciousness rose up to wrap him in darkness a second time, he welcomed it. Let death take him while he was out. And if it didn't, well, he'd have a short respite before Strucker turned him over to the 'scientists' for the promised 'treatment'.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
implied Clint Barton/Natasha Romanova
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Post Canon
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Wingfic
Canon-Typical Violence
Mission Fic
Rescue Missions
Wingfic
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Soulmates
mashup of canons
POV Multiple
non consensual medical procedures (kinda)
Magic
Torture
Blood and Gore
but nothing too explicitly detailed
Smut
lots of smut
no really
Threesome
Polyamory
this got way WAY out of hand
Historical References
references to real world events
references to real world places
Villain Death
Mind Control
Comic Book Science
I did way too much research for this

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
implied Clint Barton/Natasha Romanova
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

