Work Text:
Peter sighs softly, exiting his room quietly and quickly. He was hungry, it had been a couple hours since Steve gave him a heart attack. Maybe he'd go out for some late night patrolling, sure Tony and May had both agreed that his curfew was 11, but he was sure it'd be fine.As it turns out, it was not fine.Peter had ate until he was full, which was about half the fridge, then got his mask back on and swung out his window. It hadn't been five minutes before he got a call from Tony."Hey, Mr.Stark, whats up?" Peter asks, trying to sound cool and calm, but his voice came out like a squeak."Karen tells me that it's almost 11, and you're still swinging. Away from the Tower, I see." Tony says flatly."O-okay, I can see how bad this looks, but it's reasonable! I was almost found out by Mr. Rogers, u-uh Captain- what should I call him? 'Cause I haven't met him officially but I have technically, well actually I haven't but I can't call him Steve 'cause that makes it sound like I'm close t-" Peter started to ramble, but Tony learned to cut him off before he got distracted too."Wait, Cap almost found you out? How?" Tony asks, interrupting Peter."Well, I was just laying around in your living room and watching TV when Friday tells me that Captain America-Steve-Mr. Rogers was coming up. I got into my room in time, so he never saw me but he heard me locking my door." Peter explains, landing on top of a building."Okay, that makes some sense. You're not bullshiting it." Tony says with a sigh."Are you saying that my lies are awful?" Peter huffs, mildly offended."Yes, yes I am. Now back to the point, it's almost 11 and you're just now going patrolling. Come on, kid. You know better." Tony says, slightly disappointed."Please, Mr. Stark? I need to like, let my frustrations out, and I doubt you want to come home to the Tower being all destroyed and stuff." Peter says, though not sounded frustrated at all. He just wanted to chill, and not be caught in his own room.Tony looked at Peter, sighing softly. This kid was going to be the death of him, he swore."Fine, Pete. Just until 1, okay? Your aunt would kill me if she found out, so keep quiet about this, alright?" Tony asks tiredly."Yes, of course Mr. Stark! Thank you!" Peter says happily, ending the call and swinging off to stop muggings.But as it turns out, Peter didn't need to stay out until 1.He got tired at around 12, then realized he had school tomorrow. He was pretty sure that Tony didn't know that, but he was confused at how one of the smartest people out there could have forgot.Either way, he was tired, and decided to turn in for the night.He swung back into his bedroom window and changed into his pajamas, a very baggy and cheesy 'I survived my trip to NY', yes, the one Tony had gave him, along with the hello kitty pants. He kept them for laughs, even though it was totally not funny at the time.Peter yawns softly and his stomach growled a little, indicating that he needed some late night munchies.Peter checked with Friday to make sure nobody was out near the kitchen, before sneaking down. He never liked even Friday said 'at the moment', since it meant that any of the Avengers could walk in on him.Of course, it was completely plausible.And, of course, lucky, lucky Peter Parker would be getting a snack at almost 1am, in the Avengers Tower, when Steve Rogers wanted a drink of water.Not only that, but the first Avenger had a certain Winter soldier along with him.Lucky, Lucky Peter."Don't. Move." Bucky growled out lowly when he saw the figure in the kitchen. It was too short to be any of the Avengers. Well it could've been Tony, but the hero was gone for a couple of days.Peter, not wanting to get shot or stabbed by whatever Bucky was holding, froze in place, his mouth full of brownie. He doubted anyone could tell with how dark it was, though."Robot, get the lights." Bucky says, keeping his eyes trained on the small dark figure that did not belong in their home. Whoever this was hadn't said a word yet, and that just rose his suspicions more.Bucky and Steve both stared at Peter in surprise when Friday obeyed and turned on the lights, revealing the spider-ling and his mouth stuffed with brownie."A child?" Bucky asks, not lowering his gun, Peter looking sheepish like he had been caught with his hand in a cookie jar, instead of being in the Avengers Tower, where the friggin' Avengers lived."Maybe Clint was right." Steve says quietly to Bucky before addressing Peter. "How did you get in?" he asks the child, making Bucky put the gun away."Oh, um, you see, I'm um, Tony's intern(?) and he left and said I could stay as long as I didn't bother the Avengers." Peter squeaked out, sounding more questioning than sure. Tony was right, he really was a terrible liar."I highly doubt it. Call Stark, see if the story checks out." Bucky says, glaring daggers at the boy, making Peter shudder slightly. The Winter Soldier's glare was icy cold, that was for sure.Steve nodded and went to get his ph
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
This one's a doosy
Stucky if you squint
Steve is confused boi
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter is a rambling boi

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

