Work Text:
Eddie woke up in a room he didn’t recognize, lying on a bed that wasn’t his. His sweatshirt clung disgustingly to his feverish skin, from what he realized was both sweat and… blood.He jolted upright and pulled on the gray fabric to take a closer look at it, but the blood wasn’t his, couldn’t be, because there was way too much of it; the stain covered his entire torso.The person it came from couldn’t have survived.And he knew it was a  person , not an animal, thanks to the blurry memory that came back to him in a flash of a throat being ripped out by sharp teeth.“Oh my God,” Eddie muttered as he took the sweatshirt off hurriedly, but the blood had soaked through it and made his stomach tacky.He looked around him, his head swimming. He seemed to be in a motel room, one of those numerous, shady ones in the periphery of the city. There was no noise to be heard, except his own frantic breathing.The silence only increased his anxiety.He got out of the bed and made sure the door was locked, before heading to the tiny bathroom. There, he got rid of his jeans and briefs and stepped into the shower.He vigorously scrubbed his tainted skin with a towel until the water swirling down the drain was clear, then he just stood under the jet, letting the cold water run down his heated face and clear his thoughts.He couldn’t remember how he got here. He could only remember glimpses.White walls. Shattered glass. Guns pointing at him.He still felt like burning when he got out of the shower and toweled himself dry in front of the mirror. There was a crack on the top left corner that he stared at absentmindedly.
 Eddie… 
He dropped the towel in surprise. The voice came from everywhere and nowhere at the same time.Echoing on the bathroom tiles and the inner walls of his skull.“Who’s there?!” he asked, his heart racing again. He looked at his reflection, as if it could somehow answer him. That’s how he noticed his waxy skin and the dark circles under his bloodshot eyes.He looked as sick as he felt.
 Ssstop resisssting, Eddie… 
The man stumbled backward; he could swear that his reflection’s eyes had turned black at the words.“No-no-no, it’s not possible, I’m going nuts,” he said, pulling on the longer strands of his wet hair.
 You are not… 
“Where are you, then?!” he yelled to the mirror, clenching his fists so they would just stop shaking.
 Inssside you… 
Eddie almost laughed incredulously at that, could feel the laughter climbing its way up to his throat but it got stuck there when his eyes turned dark and dagger-like teeth covered his own. Inssside , the voice hissed again, but this time, it came out of his transformed mouth.Eddie screamed and rushed out of the bathroom. Before he could reach the front door, something picked him up and threw him back onto the bed.He looked down to discover black goo around his naked legs, sliding its way up.“S-Stop! Let me be, please, let me be!” he begged, terrified, but the black matter didn’t listen, in fact more of it appeared on his arms and pinned them to the mattress. He was no wimp yet he couldn’t break free, couldn’t even move an inch.
 Calm down, Eddie... Cooperate, and you just might survive…  
“Get out of my head!” he screamed, thrashing in his living restraints. “You  killed  people!”
 To protect you… To protect usss… 
“No, no, no,” Eddie said, forcefully shaking his head in the hope of making it go away, whatever ‘it’ was.
 I am Venom… and I need you… 
“What do you want from me?!” he panted, dizzy and nauseous from his efforts. The ceiling was spinning in circles above him.
 Your body… your mind… you, in your entirety… 
The voice was both pleasant and repulsive, as sweet as honey and as rough as sand. It hacked the words, like it wasn’t used to speaking English, or maybe speaking in general.Eddie swallowed and forced his eyes shut. It was getting harder to think with every passing minute; his fever must have gotten worse. His bare skin was covered with a sheen of sweat that reflected the silver moonlight coming through the window on his left, as did the black goo still clinging to him. Your body is rejecting me… Bond with me and I will make you feel so good… Better than anyone ever could… Let me take care of you, Eddie , the voice purred.Eddie didn’t have the energy to talk anymore but he found that it wasn’t necessary.
 I am inssside your head, you cannot lie to me… I know you enjoyed my ssstrength… the taste of blood, ssso warm in our mouth… like you are enjoying my touch, right now… 
“I’m not!” Eddie sobbed, his rapidly hardening cock telling the exact opposite. Black tendrils had been running along the shaft, feather-light.The goo on his thighs and hips rose in the air and turned into a gigantic white-eyed snake. A devilish smile split its face.
 Fine, I am done playing niccce… 
New tentacles wrapped around Eddie’s legs, keeping them bent and pushed up to his stomach so the man was folded in half.“W-wait, what are you-”Eddie fell silent when a huge, pink tongue unwound 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rimming
Tentacles
Tentacle Rape
Tentacle Sex
Sounding
Dirty Talk
A Dab of Daddy Kink
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Marking
Biting
Xenophilia
Symbiotic Relationship

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

