Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The sound of the knife rocking against the chopping board was hypnotic and Bucky allowed it to soothe him. He finished chopping the carrot and picked up the board and swiped the pieces into the pot before he placed it back down and started again with some potato. A Starkpad, open to a recipe for a simple beef stew, was glowing softly on the counter next to him and Bucky hoped that his cooking skills had improved enough that he wouldn’t manage to poison his partners. It had been several weeks since they’d gotten back from their vacation together and in that time they’d hardly had any quality time together. Peter was barely keeping up with the extra work that his senior year was bringing him, as well as his regular patrols, plus helping the Avengers investigate Toomes. Tony, out of some misplaced sense of guilt, had thrown himself into the investigation into the salvage operator cum weapons manufacturer and was hardly around nowadays, always out and about meeting with people, snooping about Toomes’ associates, or checking with Friday for chatter on the web about high powered weapon sales. When he did have a spare moment free, Pepper was hounding him for signatures or getting him to attend the few meetings that his attendance was necessary at. Bucky couldn’t remember the last time that they’d eaten together let alone fallen asleep in the same bed together and he  missed them, dammit.And so Bucky had put his foot down and had told them that enough was enough - it was Friday, Peter’s regular night that he came over and stayed, and he expected both of his partners to make the effort to be there for dinner. He wanted that bastard, Toomes,  taken down as much as they did but they could spend Saturday discussing their findings and strategising - for one night, he expected them to leave that all at the door and just enjoy spending some time together. After dinner he had a movie lined up and a bottle of massage oil handy, hoping that shoulder rubs while they relaxed in front of the television would be just what the doctor ordered.Glancing at the clock, Bucky saw that he had just enough time to get the stew simmering and have a quick shower before Peter would arrive straight from school. Tony would probably be a little later since he had finally agreed to a meeting with some military folk. It was to discuss the purchase of five of the Iron Legion who could be deployed into combat areas to administer first aid to the wounded without putting human medics in the line of fire and Pepper had been trying to pin down a time for the meet and greet for the past month. Tony was still wary of getting into bed with the armed forces again, even if it was to provide such services as aid and recovery only and so he’d been reluctant to meet with them. He may have agreed to have a discussion but he wouldn’t commit past that at the moment, and Bucky knew that he would have some soul searching to do before he agreed to anything. Depending on how long that meeting went for, Tony might not be home until well after Peter had arrived but Bucky was sure that they could keep themselves occupied until his arrival.Bucky was just turning off the shower and reaching for a towel when Friday spoke. “Incoming communication from Peter,” she announced. “He’s requested to be patched through to both yourself and the boss.”“Tony? Bucky? Are you there?” Peter asked over the comms“Yeah, I’m here, doll. What’s wrong?” Bucky replied. “I’m just leaving my meeting,”  Tony piped up, “so I’m here too.”  “I’m on my way to the Tower from school but I’ve just seen those lights again. Blue this time, not purple, but they look the same otherwise,”  Peter told them. “I’m going to go check them out.” “Don’t go alone,”  Tony instructed him. “Wait for me - I can meet you there.”  “But we might miss them, Tony,”  Peter protested. “I’m just going to locate them, then I’ll wait for you before doing anything.”  “Just stay where you are and we’ll go together,”  Tony insisted.“Tony’s right,” Bucky agreed, quickly pulling on his clothes. “I’ll leave now so I’ll probably miss the start of the party but I’ll be there for backup.”“I’m sorry, but I can’t let them slip through our fingers,”  Peter said.  “I’ll meet you there, Tony.”Bucky swore as the connection cut off as he dashed through the Tower to the elevator so he could head down to the garage where Tony had several motorbikes.“Fri, connect through to Karen,  ” Tony instructed. “Get audio communication back up and once I’m suited up, I wanna see the same visual as Peter does. ”“On it, boss,” Friday replied.It didn't take long for the AI to work her magic and as Bucky pulled out of the Tower garage onto the street, the sounds of Peter’s laboured breathing sounded over the comms.“Peter," Tony said in clipped tones, “don’t you dare hang up on me again. I’m on my way, so just stay where you are! ”“But I’m nearly there! ” Peter protested.“I don’t care, it’s too dangerous for you to go alone.” 
 “I’m not g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
OT3
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Alternate Timelines
Hurt Peter Parker
Prompt Fill
Angst
Whump
I'm not tagging anymore so I don't give anything away
just trust me

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

