Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The flight from London landed at LaGuardia sometime before it had even taken off. Jane and Darcy staggered off the plane, both feeling the effects of jetlag something fierce. Since they'd had the foresight to ship all of their things to New York via UPS, their trip through Customs was mercifully simple. They were also able to bypass the baggage claim and head straight for the airport's main entrance, keeping their eyes peeled. Thor couldn't meet them personally, but he had promised to send someone he trusted to pick them up and bring them to Avengers Tower.

Darcy spotted him first; he was standing under the Delta Airlines sign, holding a piece of cardboard that read “FOSTER - LEWIS” in huge red letters and looking as if he felt like an idiot. She might not have recognized him at all had he not shifted just the right way; the fabric of his left sleeve parted briefly from the leather of his glove and she gasped. “Oh my gods, Jane,” she whispered. “He sent the freaking 
Winter Soldier
 to pick us up at the airport!”

Jane's head whipped around and she whimpered softly in the back of her throat. “Oh, wow.”
“I know, right? He's so pretty. Who'd have guessed?” Darcy grinned, then tugged on Jane's sleeve. “Come on,” she said. “I want to sleep forever.” She dragged Jane in the direction of the dark-haired man, waving at him as they got close. “Hi!” she said. “Jane Foster and Darcy Lewis, that's us!”
“Hey,” he replied, his lips curling in a slight smile. “Glad you made it okay. Flight all right?”
“Forever long, and turbulence most of the way, so I couldn't sleep and Her Majesty's Stomach couldn't keep anything down,” Darcy replied. “I'm Darcy, by the way.”
“Bucky,” the Winter Soldier responded. “Bucky Barnes. You gals need to grab any luggage?”
“We shipped everything ahead to avoid Customs,” Jane said. “It should already be here.”
“Might be; you'd have to ask JARVIS when we get to the tower,” Bucky replied. He balled up his sign and dumped it into a trash can on the way out the door. “C'mon; Stark sent a Town Car, so we're cruising in style.”

From what she knew of the man - which, admittedly, was very damn little - Darcy would have expected Bucky Barnes to be the strong, silent type; she would have also expected him to be an Alpha. He was neither. He was, in fact, a Beta, imprinted to someone who smelled like coffee beans. And far from being silent, Bucky was an absolute chatterbox, especially once he found out that neither of the women had been to New York before. He took great delight in pointing out the sights, and especially in telling them what 
used
 to be in certain places. There was an almost fiendish joy behind every use of the words 
back in my day
 that Darcy found deeply endearing. But then, she'd always had a thing for people with trollish tendencies.

The Town Car dropped them right in front of the tower, and Bucky escorted them in with old-fashioned style, opening the doors for them and letting his hand hover near the small of Darcy's back without actually touching her. It was kind of sweet, coming from a Beta, though if he'd been an Alpha she'd have suspected his motivations immediately.
He showed them into the private elevator in the hidden alcove at the back of the building's lobby - accessible only with a retinal scan, so until they were input into the Tower's security systems, they couldn't leave without an escort - and brought them up to the Avengers' floors, which were at the top of the building. When the elevator opened, it was onto a glass wall that gave them a gorgeous view of the city, and Darcy plastered herself to the window, staring in awe. Jane, on the other hand, fairly flung herself at her bonded Alpha, who had apparently just arrived via hammer on the landing pad outside, cape swirling and hair blowing in the breeze.

Bucky gave Darcy a minute to take in the view, then nudged her with his elbow. “Come on; I'll show you where you're staying.” Leaving the bonded pair to reacquaint themselves, Bucky led Darcy down the hall. They passed apartment door after apartment door, marked with name plaques rather than numbers: 
Romanoff
, 
Barton
, 
Banner
, 
Rogers and Barnes
, 
Thor and Foster
. Next to 
Thor and Foster
, nearly at the end of the hall, was another door marked simply 
Lewis
. She blinked at it. “Really?”

Bucky nodded. “Stark's a Beta, but even he knows it'd be cruel and unusual punishment to make you bunk in with a bonded pair like that.” He reached out and turned the doorknob, pushing it open. “Go on, have a look.”
Darcy entered the apartment, unsure what to expect; the lights came up as she entered, and she gasped, looking around. “Wow.” The small entryway let into an open-plan living/dining area furnished in a very modern style with mostly neutral colors that could be easily enhanced by the addition of throws, pillows, and knickknacks. The walls were bare, clearly inviting Darcy to hang her own pictures and posters. The kitchen, off to the left, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Dom/sub Undertones
Mentions of past abuse
Mentions of Past Attempted Rape
OT3
these three ugh what can i even say

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

