Chapter 1: October
    


Notes:
warnings for this chapter: brief talk of Steve's struggle with PTSD and one passing and very minor mention of off-screen sexual harassment.




Chapter Text
“An espresso with a shot of charisma for Bucky!”
Bucky walks to the counter, grabbing his cup and uttering a small ‘thank you’ to the barista. The pixie winks at him, already fluttering away to take care of the next order, the coffee shop surprisingly busy for mid-morning on a Tuesday. Bucky squeezes past a couple of angels waiting in line, sidestepping the goblins as they rush to get an empty table, and accidentally bumps into a vampire on his way out.
Once outside, Bucky takes a deep breath, shoulders finally losing some of the tension he’s been carrying around since he woke up this morning. The feeling only gets better once he takes a sip of his coffee, the tingly rush of charisma shooting through him, making him shudder.
Bucky thanks the heavens for fairy run coffee shops and their special drinks. He doesn’t know how he’d make it through life without his daily dose of caffeine with a shot of good fortune or patience or concentration.
Especially today.
Because today, of all days, and for reasons Bucky can’t fathom, is the day he is going to meet the love of his life.
 
**
 
The thing about Bucky is that he is cursed.
In fact, half of his family is.
Long long long ago, someplace far away from the city of New York, one of Bucky’s ancestors — a Barnes, son of Barnes, and as human as can be — made the mistake of saving someone’s life.
Except that someone wasn’t just someone, but a warlock princeling.
As a way to settle the life debt, because warlocks hate to owe anything to anybody ever, especially to a mere human, they decide to bestow onto Barnes’s line a gift.
And the gift they chose was that of sight.
So from that day forward, passed down from Barnes to Barnes to Barnes, they have all been able to see the future. Never all of it, though, only tiny little glimpses from time to time, and not about anyone or anything not related to their own family. Those glimpses are always enough to make them aware that something important will happen, but not how or why or where.
The only thing they know is who and what and when.
 
**
 
That morning, Bucky wakes up from dreams of fire and gold and smoke.
He wakes up to the feelings of love and longing deep in his soul, to the taste of salt on his lips, and to the shadowed silhouette of a man both as large as the world and as small as Bucky’s own heart seared in his mind.
That morning, Bucky knows that little glimpse of the future, and he knows his life is about to change forever.
So it’s a little bit of a comfort when the door to his room bursts open — even though he lives alone —, a flash of brown and white runs past, and his little sister throws herself on top of him.
“You’re getting married!” Becca yells, wrapping her skinny little arms around his shoulders, hugging him tight.
Bucky groans, and he also knows that she’s had a glimpse of what is going to happen to him. Never mind that Becca is wrong. Just because the love of his life is out there waiting for him, it does not mean Bucky will marry him. Even though that is exactly what happened to his parents.
Parents, who are standing just outside the door to his room, both sporting wide smiles. His father is dangling the key to Bucky’s apartment in one hand, and his mother has tears in her eyes.
Like Bucky said, it is only a little bit of a comfort.
 
**
 
Bucky is on edge all day, eyes darting to every person who stands a little bit too close, waiting to feel that little rush of aha! the moment his prediction comes true. It doesn’t happen, and the longer his shift at the hospital goes, the worse Bucky gets. He knows he only gets away with it because the shot of charisma is still doing its job, making him charming and likeable to everyone he comes into contact with.
Or at least almost everyone.
“Did you accidentally get a shot of paranoia with your coffee?” Claire asks, raising an eyebrow at him and grabbing a new pile of patient charts from the nurses’ station.
Claire’s been a nurse at the hospital since before Bucky was hired, her no-nonsense attitude and ability to keep a flat expression and steady hands through the worst of times making her one of Bucky’s favorite colleagues. She doesn’t ask a lot of questions Bucky doesn’t want to answer, and she always listens when Bucky has something to say.
Bucky thinks that has something to do with the red devil who likes to hang around the hospital’s roof from time to time, but he pays Claire’s silence with some of his own and does not ask any questions.
“No.” Bucky glares, sighing when Claire just keeps looking at him. “I’m waiting for something.”
Claire blinks, lips pressed in a tight line. “Should we be worried?”
Bucky shakes his head, offering her a kind smile. “No. It’s just me this time.”
The last time Bucky told Claire he was waiting for something to happen, they ended up with a full 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Urban Fantasy
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes-centric
Soulmates
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Psychic Bucky Barnes
Nurse Bucky Barnes
Firestarter Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes & Claire Temple Friendship
Family Fluff
Holidays
past suicidal ideation
Minor T'Challa/Sam Wilson
Enthusiastic Consent
Oral Sex
Rimming
Intercrural Sex
Titty Fucking
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Embedded Images
Captain America Big Bang 2018 | cabigbang

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

