Chapter 1



Notes:
How do I even begin? Maybe by sounding less like I'm about to introduce Regina George, right? Ok. This is my first story for the Avengers fandom. I actually quit writing fanfiction cold turkey a month ago, but apparently it's just like the mob, because it pulled me back in. So, the story. Expect humour. Expect scenes of a (consensual) sexual nature. Expect at least 15 chapters. Expect me not knowing precisely what's going to happen since I've never planned out a story in my life―by which I mean the year and a half I've been writing fiction.Let's go, people. My write-y senses are tingling.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
I
“Mr. Director?”
“Fury.”
Peter paused, gaze drifting sideways as he thought. He twisted a little in his fancy conference room chair, making it swivel soundlessly.
“So… Mr. Fury or Director Fury?”
“Either,” one-eyed Morpheus rumbled, staring back at him the way a dead fish stares back. Flat. No blinking. Kinda freaky.
“’K,” Peter pushed on, “so, Mr. Fury, do I have to like sign a contract or something? Do I need a lawyer? Do I―”
“What contract are you expecting to sign, Mr. Parker?”
“Ooh, answering a question with a question,” Tony commented, not looking up from his tablet. “Fury’s in a playful mood. Friday, ready the strobe lights and ‘Quill’s Sweet Party Mix Number 17.’”
“I have those settings ready,” the room calmly assured him.
Peter’s gaze slingshoted from his mentor to his… boss?
“Like a good guy contract? I guess?”
“And what is it that you think such a thing would stipulate?” Fury asked, giving no hint whatsoever about whether or not Peter was on the right track.
“Woops, he did it again,” Tony muttered. Peter swallowed as Fury turned to give him a narrow-eyed look that the other man did not acknowledge.
“That I have to help when you guys, or civilians, or whoever, need me. Like, a guarantee that I’m gonna be a hero when I’m supposed to be.”
“He’s pretty hung up on this one,” Tony cut in on Peter’s behalf, leaning down the table towards Fury. “I tried telling the kid he could just promise to show up and there’d be an automatic no-take-backsies, but he didn’t go for it.”
“I can’t imagine why,” Fury replied with a steady drag. He turned back to Peter. “No, Mr. Parker. After the discord within the group a few years ago, we’ve scaled back on the formalities a little. Besides, the fact that you’d even ask makes me think you’re already more reliable than Mr. Stark.”
“I resent that,” Tony declared, once again totally intent on the screen before him. “Actually, wait, maybe I don’t. Ah, I’ll get back to you later.”
“Please don’t.”
“Well, I’m gonna have to. I’ll slip it in with the minutes from this meeting.”
“You’re taking minutes?” Peter asked, sitting up straighter. “Whoa, this is important.”
“Of course he’s not,” Fury countered. “Mr. Parker, I think we’re done here. Should the need arise, trust that I will be in touch.”
Peter started to wheel backwards to get up, but Mr. Director was out of his chair (and the room) with a quick swish of his long coat.
“That was awesome,” Peter concluded, a little stunned, palms flat on the frosted glass of the table. He glanced over at Tony, wide-eyed. “What just happened?”
“You’ve been Avengers-ized.”
“Huh?”
“You’re officially an Avenger.”
“I thought I was before.” Peter frowned in confusion.
“You were. Are. I think so, the wizard thinks so. I even told Cap, ‘cause I know you’ve still got a little of that misplaced hero worship thing going on with him, and he thinks so too.”
“So everybody thinks so?” Peter checked.
“Yep.”
“But not Mr. Fury?”
“Fury isn’t an ‘everybody.’”
“What is he then?”
“He’s the SHIELD seal of approval,” Tony explained without really explaining. He did that a lot. “They’ve identified you, they’ve met you, they’ve gotten an eager, voluntary agreement to be a good boy and listen to the babysitter―”
“That’s not what I―”
“You kind of did,” Tony countered with a shrug that was somehow casual and tense. “But don’t sweat it. The more agreeable you are with those goons, the less they’ll try to control you.”
“Director Fury didn’t seem like a goon to me,” Peter said honestly, starting to swivel his chair around again.
Tony narrowed his eyes intently.
“What did he seem like? Any superlatives, adjectives, or fictional character allusions come to mind? ‘Cause I’m really trying to get away from anything specifically referencing the eyepatch ever since Thor, you know…” Tony graphically mimed what Peter took to be the loss of an eye.
“I think I’m gonna start heading back to the city,” he decided, giving his mentor an uneasy look as he stood, bouncing closed fists restlessly against the table.
“Alright,” Tony agreed, waving him off.
Peter grabbed his backpack and bounded towards the door.
“Oh, one more thing actually,” Tony said, making Peter turn. With a sudden intensity, he looked up from his screen. “Who is Michelle?”
“Uh, Michelle?” Peter caught the end of his sweater sleeve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
background Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
(but everybody lived and it was totally fine)
(in fact let's just gloss over it)
friendly neighbourhood spider-man
Peter has a crush on MJ
MJ doesn't know Peter is Spider-Man
Peter doesn't know MJ does naked sketches of him
wait what
Friends to Lovers
Romance
Humor
MJ vs. Tony: Snark Battle
Peter's new suit is made of boyfriend material
that was a terrible joke and has no relevance to the plot of this story
My First Work in This Fandom
relationship advice with Uncle Bruce
Identity Reveal
corruption of the cultural contributions of George Lucas
Accidental Phone Sex
Let Mr. Harrington Lead a Normal Field Trip 2K19
Nerds in Love

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
background Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

