Chapter 1: Origins
    


Summary:

If anyone told Peter Parker that when he was young that he would grow up to be what he became, he wouldn't believe you.If you told him at the ripe age of 16 that he was one of the most important people in the world, he'd just smile and shrug it off.



Notes:

 Please read this note fully! 
Welcome to the first chapter of my rewrite! If you're new, please don't feel pressured to read the full fic. You can just go along and experience the new version in it's whole!!But if you're not new, welcome back! I hope that you find the updated version better. I am not saving the old version at all, I am going straight to the document and doing this line by line and then just pasting it back over the old fic.I ask that if you have a copy of the original fic downloaded somewhere, please don't reupload it somewhere and just delete it. That version is going to be very outdated and I would rather not have it in existence. Redoing this fic and officially ending it is taking a ton of weight off my shoulders and letting go of an era of my life that I was emotionally hurting in. Please respect my boundaries.Anyways, today is chapter one. So please enjoy the newly edited chapter one!




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was born a healthy and happy boy. He grew up with two loving parents, Mary and Richard Parker. They were proud of Peter, who seemed eager to learn anything he could. When he was just six he would watch the TV in awe, staring up at whatever Stark Industries had put out next and mumbling nonsense to himself. Peter was saying that he wanted to grow up and be a great creator like Mr.Stark, and his parents hesitantly approved.So they decided that for his sixth birthday, he would go to the Stark Expo. At the Stark Expo, the venue was attacked and poor Peter was caught up in it. It scared his parents how he just stood up, no fear in his small body as he held a hand up to the threat. They were thankful that Iron Man had suddenly intervened and blasted the threat, barking a small command for Peter to run. Little did Tony Stark know that the small boy would grow to be a son to him. He didn’t know that the small boy belonged to two brilliant parents who would influence him into a great mind.Two months after the Stark Expo, there was a car crash. A jeep hit the car that his parents rented out to drive them down to DC. The small car tumbled and all Peter could hear was screams until something exploded nearby and he could only hear ringing. Then he blacked out.When Peter woke up, it was slow. His vision was blurred and he could feel vibrations from whatever he was laying on. There was an insistent tapping almost coming from near him, droning away steadily. He had only focused when someone’s hand came in contact with his own. He had blinked and looked up to see his Aunt May holding his hand. She was crying as she spoke. Uncle Ben was standing behind her, gripping her shoulder.“I… can’t hear you.” Peter spoke out. He couldn’t hear his own voice, but he could feel the vibrations going up his neck. Panic surged through the small boy and reached out towards his family, tears forming in his eyes. “Where is momma and dad?”His Aunt burst into tears again as she reached her other arm out to Peter to wrap him into a hug. He could feel the vibrations of her voice against his small shoulder as she cried into his shoulder.It didn’t take Peter long to connect the dots as his Aunt cried. The accident… his parents must have died and something must have injured his ears. When May broke from the hug, she wiped her eyes and looked up. Peter’s attention turned to the person who had just walked into the hospital room. A young woman stood there, watching the three from where she stood with her clipboard. The woman spoke to Aunt May and Ben, who nodded in response. Then the women walked to the chair on the other side of Peter’s hospital bed and sat down. She smiled at Peter and wrote something down on her clipboard and passed it to Peter. Peter took it slowly, bringing it into his lap.“Hello, Peter. My name is Helen Cho. I am the doctor that was assigned to you. I have a few questions for you. Can you please answer them?” Her handwriting said.Peter nodded and handed the clipboard back. Peter watched Doctor Cho write questions down. Once Peter had the clipboard back, he read the questions and wrote his answers.Name: Peter Benjamin ParkerBirthday: August 8thAge: 6Place of living: QueensParent’s job: ScientistsWhat date do you remember last: October 15thWhat do you remember last: A car accident and a loud explosion.Peter handed the clipboard back and Doctor Cho nodded, almost like she was pleased with the answers. Peter assumed that he answered them correctly by her small smile. Doctor Cho looked back up to Peter, her eyes slightly wrinkling as her smile started to strain. Doctor Cho then turned back to the board and wrote something down. Handing it to Peter, her mouth turned into a thin line.“I’m sorry to tell you that you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & MJ
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Deaf Peter Parker
Car Accidents
Adoption
Growing Up
first time writing marvel
Not Beta Read
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
No Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Peter lies a lot
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony has no idea that peter is deaf
a lot of people don't actually know
Secrets
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Tony will accidentally out Peter to the avengers
planned out at least 12 chapters
Peter becomes a true orphan in chapter 11 and 12
Major Character Injury
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Canon Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
at the same time?
I'm not the best at marvel
I just got an idea and wrote out a huge explanation and here we go
Sign Language
Lip reading
GUYS DONT EXPECT THIS TO BE THAT ACCURATE
Iron Dad
spider son
Spidey son
Whump
slight whump peter parker
Graphic Description
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & MJ
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

