Work Text:
The next morning, Steve didn't look too worried about the events that happened last night, neither did Bucky. Most of the Avengers didn't really notice nor care, probably thinking that it was just Steve over thinking things.Except Natasha of course.Natasha watched Steve all morning, and he didn't look concerned or on edge at all, and he didn't even bring up or question what they were going to do about whatever was upstairs. So of course she was very suspicious. She was planning on training all day, but maybe this was more important.And Happy was acting slightly weird too. At 7:40, he left the building. Where the hell was he planning on going? Tony wasn't here, and the last time Natasha checked, Happy was Tony's driver only.Something was definitely off here. Why hadn't she noticed that before?"Clint, follow Happy. I need to know where the hell he's going." Natasha says to her teammate."'Course. Will do. Why, exactly?" Clint asks, learning over time that if Natasha asked him to do something, he should probably do it."Just tell me where he went, I need to know." Natasha hissed out. It was almost 8:20 now, finding Clint had taken longer than expected."Okay, okay, chill out." Clint says, not wanting to piss Natasha off anymore than he already had.Once getting his crappy disguise, Clint ventured off into the world to find out where Happy went. It took way, way longer than he thought it would. Eventually he tracked the car down to a... High school? He was just confused, like really confused. He got out his phone to text Natasha where Happy went, but the school doors swung open and out came a sea of kids.Most kids just pointed and stared at the shiny new Audi that Happy was driving, nobody went in. Eventually all of the kids got their rides, and Happy was still waiting. Clint went to text Natasha, but again was distracted from some kids."Hey, Penis, where are you going? To visit your parents? Oh wait, they're dead!" one boy laughed out, followed by the cackling of the cronies behind the kid. The boy the insult had been directed to just ignored the mean kid and talked to his friend.Clint didn't know why, but he wanted to punch the bully in the face. Who made fun of someone's dead parents? That was just over the line."What? Not going to see your parents? How about your uncle, then?" The bully asks with a grin, and Clint assumed that the uncle was dead too.This time, the victim stopped talking, but didn't say anything or do anything. Clint heard the door of the Audi open, and the victim must've too, because he turned and said something."Happy, Happy don't, I'm sorry I didn't see you lets go." Clint saw the victim hurry to the driver, and Clint had to say that he was surprised to see Happy furious. Not at the victim, but at the bully."Woah, Penis, how many dicks did you have to suck to get a bodyguard to pretend to care?" The bully asks, and Clint watched as the kid held Happy off. Which he was confused about, considering he was very wimpy and Happy used to be Tony Stark's bodyguard."Happy, Happy, Happy please. Please, lets just go, it doesn't bother me, I promise." The kid pleads, the bully looking kinda unsure about what was happening now. "Anymore? Peter, how long has this been going on? Tony is going to know about this." Happy says, Clint now knowing the kid's name. Peter."No, come on Happy, it's not that bad I promise." Peter pleads again. "Can we just go, please?" Peter asks, and even Clint could see the puppy dog eyes he was giving the bodyguard."... Fine. But we will talk about this later." Happy says, giving in and getting into the car."Thank you Happy! See you later, Ned!" Peter calls out and Ned waves. Peter gets into the backseat before the bully could say anything else to set Happy off.Luckily traffic was slow enough so Clint could follow Happy and Peter by foot. Clint was asking himself so many questions, who was this kid? What was Happy doing with him? Why was Happy so protective of him? Was he right and Tony really did have a secret child?The last question seemed to be the right one to ask as Clint followed the car to the Avengers Tower. The. Avengers. Tower. Tony totally did have a secret child. He completely forgot about texting Natasha and was more focused on following this 'Peter' around.Clint was confused when Peter used the entrance that only the Avengers used, Friday was letting the kid in? This just convinced him that Peter was Tony's son.Clint followed the kid into the Tower, deciding to go into the vents and follow Peter around. That was his specially. The first thing he noticed that was really out of the ordinary was that Peter inhaled a lot of food. Like more than Steve would.The next thing he noticed was that Peter did his homework. Which was weirder than the eating thing, what kind of kid did his homework right after school? Not a right one.And the kid was smart, as Clint observed. Steve's morals with Tony's smarts.... Did Steve cheat on Bucky with Tony? Did they have a kid toget
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Bullying
i guess
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Scary Natasha Romanov
kinda not really
Clint gives in easily
slightly embarassed Peter Parker
Flash is a dick

fandom: 
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

