Work Text:
Steve’s pretty sure he was never meant to find that letter, he was probably never supposed to know that Tony—his wonderful, brilliant, goddamn exasperating Tony—had ever reached a point in which he thought his own life was worthless. His brain can’t even compute what this means, how to process the fact that he could have lost everything he has without even trying to get it. His brain feels empty, and he feels like he swallowed cotton ball the size of the arc reactor, and he has to sit down before he does something stupid like destroy everything in sight. He clutches the piece of notepad paper to his chest and tries to will the sobs down as he breathes. He wasn’t even supposed to be in the Tower when it happened, he had gone to DC to coordinate some SHIELD business with fury and had been scheduled to stay there for a week, but turns out Captain America can make people agree with his ideas damn fast if he wanted to. Or, maybe, Captain America’s boyfriend could be pretty damn obnoxious when somebody took the soldier’s time away from him for too long. Either way, he’s glad to be back at the tower and he’s glad that he could help Barton and Nat escape from the tediousness of spy business.He’d arrived about two hours before he stumbles into Tony’s workspace; he had taken a shower and eaten a whole carton of left-over Chinese before he stumbled down the stairs. Smooching it with the SHIELD higher ups was always tedious, and sometimes left him feeling dirty. Talking to Tony always helped; he’d spent his whole life talking to the press and convincing company dirtballs that he was up for the job as owner and CEO of Stark industries after all. So he goes down to the workshop to attempt to pry his boyfriend from whatever invention/update/renovation/experiment/concoction he’s working on. He doesn’t find him there, though, which surprises him a little considering he wasn’t in their bedroom and it was barely three p.m. JARVIS informs him Master Stark was at some meeting with shareholders to which he had been dragged kicking and screaming by a very determined Pepper. Steve chuckles, but still feels a little twinge of pity for his lover; Ms. Potts can be quite scary when she wants to be.He turns in a half circle in the middle of the workshop, resembling the lost puppy Tony often accuses him of being, but he doesn’t have anything to do now. He was hoping to lure Shellhead into a little cuddling and then, hopefully, some very intimate hours in their bedroom. But his sweetheart was being responsible, for once, and he wasn’t going to pull him away from that. He notices that there are papers and schematics and tools and plates and cups littering all of Tony’s workspace; some are pushed back as if Tony was desperately trying to make some space to make something and was afraid he’d lose it if he took time to tidy up. He gets the cups and plates back into the kitchen first, and then tries to put the tools back but Tony has a weird system going on with them so he just kind of places them in a pile next to Dum-E and lets him sort them out. He’s trying to arrange papers into two piles, schematics and business, when he suddenly presses something in the touch screen table that Tony uses for his personal things. He doesn’t know how to turn it off, but he presses random buttons and then he’s facing a holographic image of his much-younger-looking lover. He looks to be about sixteen or seventeen, with the beginnings of his trademark facial hair and his hair in the same kind of mess.Steve’s heart gives a twinge when he realizes that Tony, even at seventeen, has the same world-weary look that thirty-seven year old Tony has. There are deep circles under his eyes and his fingers shake slightly as he runs them through his disheveled hair. He looks directly at the camera, Steve can feel those chocolate eyes boring into his soul. He’s slightly derailed in the beauty of them to realize that the onscreen Tony has started talking, until he catches a name.“Howard,”  Tony says, “I found this thing on one of my old text books. You know, the ones you always told me were useless. I mean, I’m an engineer, right, not a freaking philosophy professor? Anyway, I found this poem thing, and it kind of reminded me of me. Of what I am to you. I have it right here,” Tony grabs a piece of paper and puts it in front of the camera. Steve doesn’t really catch what it says other than the title, but when Tony pulls back he knows it was something that deeply troubled the boy. “whatever, I know you don’t care. This was supposed to be a note, normal kids leave a note behind in good old fashioned pen and paper, but when has a Stark ever been normal, right? So, I guess this is my note.” Steve feels bile rising in his throat, a note, there’s only one reason why Tony would leave a note behind for his father. “I've been toying with this for a while, you know in between the moments when I try to make you give a shit about me, and like… I guess it wasn’t until this happe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Tony Angst
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark is a big bag of dicks
Poor Tony
Tony has all the feels
Poetry
Inspired by Poetry
Lit major writes lit stuff
author is sad

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

