Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Playlist
~~~When Maria finally falls pregnant Howard isn’t so much happy as he is satisfied.His dynasty is ensured now.  He’ll have an heir, a son to groom and mold in his image to carry on his life’s work.  A son he can teach to build, to create, to engineer and push the boundaries of science ever outwards.A son to rear into a  proper Stark, a son who will be Howard’s greatest creation.When the time comes Howard sits with Obadiah in the plush waiting room of the hospital.  They have fine cigars in hand and cut crystal glasses of scotch at their elbows, far removed from the delivery room and all it contains.  He has no interest in the process of his son’s birth, only in the final product.“Mr. Stark.”  The doctor looks tired, grim faced with exhaustion but ultimately pleased.  “Congratulations sir, you have a beautiful, healthy new daughter.”“Ah.”  Obadiah hisses out a displeased sound beside him that Howard distantly hears himself echo.There’s a long beat of awkward silence before Howard waves the doctor away, picks up his glass, and drains it in one long, burning gulp.  A  daughter.  Not a son, not his son.  Christ.  What use is a fucking daughter going to be to him?  To Stark Industries? “Well at least with Maria as her mother she should be a beauty when she’s older.”  Obadiah slaps him roughly on the back. “You can make sure she marries well, someone who’ll be useful to SI’s growth.  Plus Maria’s still young so there’s time to get a proper heir out of her yet.”Howard hums in agreement and it doesn’t take long for the conversation to turn towards the latest defense contract Howard’s managed to weasel out of the government.  All thoughts of his new daughter are pushed away for more important issues.Obadiah’s right after all.  Maria’s still young and even though Howard’s never been fond of children there’s still time to have another, to get the son that both he and SI needs him to have.~~~The moon is a bright blood red the night Natasha Antonia Stark slithers her way out of Maria’s womb and into life  absolutely silently.She’s a small bundle of limbs, thick black hair, and too bright blue eyes, that almost kills Maria in the process.Corpse pale with lips tinged just faintly blue, she doesn’t scream or cry.Instead she just …  watches.Watches with eyes far too alert and aware for a newborn.Maria, weak from blood loss, holds her daughter exactly once, awash in the glow of fresh motherhood.But when she looks down at the pale, spindly creature she’s given birth to, that glow gutters out like a candle’s flame.Staring down at Natasha, Maria feels dread and horror well up inside of her.Because all it takes is one look in those unnaturally bright blue eyes for her to know the truth.Her  Madre  was right all along it seems.  Her  Nonna too.No matter how far she runs, no matter how deep she buries the memories and pretends they don’t exist, Maria will  never  be able to escape  la famiglia.Will never manage to escape the heritage she’d tried so desperately to buck when she’d fled the Old Country for America and the hopes of a new life without the family legacy hanging over her.Maria should have known she wouldn’t be able to run from it forever.Not really.  Not truly.Some things, it seems, will always breed true in the end.Her  unsettling newborn daughter is proof enough of that.~~~Natasha is bundled into the manor and the lavish nursery that had been designed for the son Howard had wanted but not received without much care.Howard and Maria hand the girl over to Jarvis and a wet nurse and go about their lives, back to SI and galas, back to scotch and spa days and other, more important things.  The only time they stop to deal with Natasha when there’s a photo shoot to be had or an opportunity to appear like a blissfully happy family for the press to be found.Jarvis, captivated by the girl’s too blue stare, does his best to compensate, to spend as much time with the girl as he can even though Lydia, the wet nurse, is technically in charge of her well being.It isn’t enough he knows, as busy as he is with his other duties, but it’s all he can do.~~~Jarvis tries only once to encourage Maria, Ma’am, to interact with the young miss.“Keep that …  thing,” Ma’am hisses as she sweeps past him and out the manor towards the waiting car, “away from me.”Unsettled at her vehemence against the new born, Jarvis clutches young Natasha close to his chest and never tries again.~~~Two months in and a blood curdling scream rips through the normal bustle of the manor.Jarvis, heart in his throat, rushes out of the kitchen and towards the stares, the other staff hot on his heels.They all freeze, horror struck, as Lydia, the wet nurse, comes running down the stairs.She’s pale, eyes wide and face tear streaked.  But, what’s worse, is the rapidly spreading red stain on the front of her white blouse.“Miss Lydia,” Jarvis rushes up to her, hands gentle as he grabs the hysterical woman by the forearms.“S-She … the  baby …” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Female Tony Stark
Always Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Murder
Dark
Dark Magic
Death
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Inspired by Addams Family
Addams Family References
Pining
Possessive Behavior
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Assassination Attempt(s)
Violence
Blood
Flirting
Awkward Flirting
Flirting Through Murder
Murder Flirting
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Assassination Attempts Are Not Flirting Toni
BUT RHODEY WHAT IF THEY ARE?
slightly open ended
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

