Work Text:
While the whole Clint vs. Natasha went down, Peter was reviewing his homework. He had to build a simple robot, but he was probably expected to one-up everyone in his class. So why not go to the lab? He couldn't go into Tony's lab, but he could go in the main floor lab. It was technically Dr. Banner, maybe he wouldn't be there?Peter snuck down to the lab, managing to avoid getting caught by anybody in the tower, slipping into the lab. He didn't notice Bruce at first, but then heard him quietly tinkering with a microscope. "O-oh, Dr. Banner, I'm so sorry I didn't realize you were in here, sorry." Peter stutters, embarrassed that he hadn't checked the room before going in.Bruce jumped slightly, and Peter realized that the scientist hadn't noticed that he had come in, which just made him more embarrassed."T-that's alright, Peter." Bruce says, turning his spinney stool to face the young boy. He had met Peter when the teenager had gotten hurt during patrolling, and a few times after that in the lab, but that was about it. "Need help with something?" he asks curiously."Ye-um, no? I mean, I'm supposed to build a robot, s-so if you're not too busy I guess I would like some help? You don't have to, of course, its alright if you don't want to or can't, I understand." Peter says quickly."Sure, I would like to." Bruce says with a small smile. "What kind of robot do you have to build?" He asks curiously, getting up from his stool. He was bored anyway, and he kinda wanted to get to know the kid better."O-oh, um, I-I just have to build off a base kinda like this. I havta customize it so-" Peter cut himself off before he finished with 'so Flash won't steal it', and finished it with a bullshit answer. "-so the teacher will know we didn't buy it." he says, getting the base blueprints out."... Alright, the base is going to be easy enough. Customizing it would be a little more complicated...." Bruce starts, and the two went to a table to build.Three hours  later, Peter and Bruce had build a very cool looking robot, Peter looking as proud as could be and Bruce looking much happier than before."Thank you so much, Dr. Banner!" Peter say happily, holding up the robot proudly. Sure the project wasn't exactly due for a few more days, but now he didn't have to worry about it."My pleasure, Peter." Bruce says with a small smile. "It was fun, you should do more homework projects down here." he says, not noticing the lab door opening, though Peter did.Peter looked over to the door, expecting Tony to be there since the billionaire was either always early or late coming back from a trip. He was never on time. What he did not expect was to make eye contact with friggin' Falcon. The hero just stared at Peter for a second before getting into a fighting stance and telling Friday to call everyone down there."O-oh, Sam! I'm assuming you haven't met Peter yet?" Bruce says after hearing Sam at the door."You... Know this kid, Banner?" Sam asks slowly, glancing from Peter to Bruce."'course I do, after all he's Tony's k-" Bruce was cut off by a slightly frantic Peter."Intern! I'm Mr. Stark's intern." Peter says quickly and loudly. If Tony didn't want Steve to know that Tony was his guardian, he figured that Sam shouldn't know either. Sam looked slightly confused and suspicious, so Peter thought it'd be a good time to ramble. Especially sense Bruce looked somewhat confused too."Anyway, it's nice to meet you Mr. Falcon, well officially since we didn't really 'meet' per say in Ger- I mean- it wasn't- um." Peter really didn't know what to do since all the other Avengers had shown up and he just blew his cover as Spider-Man."... Is this kid Peter, Clint?" Natasha asks the archer after a couple moments of somewhat awkward silence."Yeah.." Clint says and everyone started looking at each other."Buck, did you tell Clint about Peter?" Steve asks with a frown."No, he didn't tell me- wait how do you know about him? Nat, didja tell them about him?" Clint asks the assassin accusingly."No, we found about Peter first. We didn't tell anyone though, so how do you know?" Bucky asks, narrowing his eyes at Natasha and Clint."I'm pretty sure I found out about him first." Clint huffs in disagreement."Can we argue about this later? What I want to know is how he knows about Germany." Sam says, all the Avengers pausing and looking to Peter, waiting for an answer."He asked about it after I got back, duh." Tony interrupts before Peter could say something stupid that would screw him over."Mr. Stark! You're back early!" Peter says with a smile. He kinda wondered why Tony hadn't wanted anyone to know that he was his guardian, and it kinda hurt. Was he that much of an embarrassment?"Good, I have many questions that need to be answered. Like, now. How long has the kid been here and why is the kid here?" Sam asks, crossing his arms as he looked at Tony for an answer."'The kid' is Peter, and he's been in the Tower longer than you have, and 'the kid' is here because he's smart
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter is good at Mario Kart
I don't know what tags to put down
Cute Peter
i guess
He's always cute lets be honest
Still nobody knows he's Spider-Man
there would be hell if they did
Foreshadowing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

