Chapter 1: A Field Trip Where??
    




Chapter Text
Peter once again hadn’t been paying attention, he had been watching the clock intently. Five more minutes until class was over. Ten more minutes until he’d be swinging around New York.That was of course until Ned gave him a sharp prod with a pen.Peter jumped, snapping out of his thoughts before he quickly turned to is friend with a look that could only communicate ‘What the hell?’Ned gave out a smug grin, it had been difficult to scare Peter lately, his ‘Spidey-sense was always on alert.’ At least that’s what Peter had said anyways. Ned simply pointed to the front of the room with the same pen, gesturing for Peter to actually listen to what Mr Harrington was saying. Peter focused back to the front Mr Harrington was finishing a sentence, which was being said in quite an excited tone. “-you may be wondering where this field trip is going to.” He said quickly before pausing. In this moment Peter wanted to sink down into his chair, he hated field trips. He always managed to screw something up or embarrass himself. Either way they had never been an idea of a fun time for him.“The Avengers Compound!” He finally stated  loudly.The class immediately erupted into excited voices and murmurs. Everyone was impressed with the fact the school had managed to get them a field trip there. Even MJ looked up from her sketchpad with a shocked expression.Okay, it wasn’t really a shocked one. But it was the closest thing to one Peter had ever seen MJ express. Peter on the other hand was internally screeching. He could barely hear the teacher remind them to get the permission slips signed. 
 Oh fuck, no. Shit, why me? Why God? God fucking darnit. This is not okay. Not okay. Not Ok. NotOkNotOkNotOk 
Peters thoughts were interrupted by the loud school bell ringing. He hasn’t even noticed his best friend has been babbling to him the whole time about how cool it was that they were going to  The  Avengers compound.Peter grudgingly got his things together, grabbing a permission slip before walking out the Classroom with Ned- still talking about how cool it was.That’s when his Spidey-Sense flared to life, and he quickly dodged Flash’s hand that had aimed to grab his shoulder. Easily side-stepping it, catching Flash off guard as he stumbled for a second before straightening up.“What Puny?” He sneered. “Salty because everyone is gonna realise how pathetic you are that you mad up your internship.” Peter let out a heavy sigh, shrugging as he turned away from the bully. Walking down the hall whilst Flash continued to call out too him, “That’s right you walk away!”Ned who had gone silent from the encounter began speaking up again, “This is gonna be so cool! I can finally see you lab!” Peter shook his head, smiling fondly. “I don’t think you’ll be able to see it on the field trip, Ned. But hey you can come over whenever. With May leaving on her business trip tomorrow, I’ll be staying the for the next couple of months.” He shrugged.“Dude your life is so cool.” Ned breathed.—————————————————————————Peter finished his patrol, it was only 11:00pm but he had a feeling he wouldn’t find any other crimes that needed stopping.Sighing he collected himself before swinging his way back to the apartment, slipping in quietly through the window, cringing as it let out a loud creAAAAK as it closed. “Peter?” He heard Mays voice call out, “I didn’t realise you were home.”Peter was sent into a quick panic as he heard her footstep approach his room. Quickly ridding himself of the suit. Throwing it under the covers of his bed. Slipping on a shirt just as May opened the door. “Hey, I didn’t hear you come in.” She said casually. Peters heart quickened for a second, “Uh yeah, I got here, a- uh few minutes ago.” He said a little too quickly. “Ok then.” She laughed, “I got a call from your school, saying you had a field trip?” She questioned even though it was more of a statement.“Oh uh, yeah!” He said, happy to change the topic, quickly grabbing his bag and rumaging through it before pulling out the permission slip, handing it to her.“Alright,” She said her eyes quickly skimming over the crumpled piece of paper. “I’ll have it signed for you tomorrow, good night Peter.” She said, retreating out and closing the door. ———————————————————He had woken up the next morning to his Aunt leaving with a suitcase in hand, kissing him on top of the head and reminding him to at least text her every night.“Yes Yes May, stop worrying I’ll be fine. Go before you miss your plane.” He teased.“Alright I’m going, love you Pete.” She said slipping out the door.That day had gone by way to quickly, He- and most other excited students had handed in the permission slip the very next day even though the trip was on Friday, that darn field trip was all anyone could talk about, and it was only Tuesday.Peter had made point to pack a few extra things in his bag as after school Happy would be directly picking him up and taking him to the compound.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark and Peter Parker
Peter Parker and the Avengers
Loki & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Thor and Peter Parker

freeform: 
lotta swearing
im sorry
This is so overused
but idc
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Also Peter and Loki friendship
bc why not
This is probably gonna be crack
adding tags as I go
Enjoy my amigos
Peters SI field trip
Clint gets everyone drunk
by everyone I mean Peter and Wanda
Scott helps him do that
tequila for the kids amirite
the actual field trip doesn’t start until chapter three I’m sorry
Avengers Compound
field trip to stark industries
field trip to avengers compound
Scott and Clint are best idiot buds
Tony is a worried dad
Bucky is probably OOC
so is steve tbh
Loki is gonna whoop Flash’s ass
Thor trying to stop his brother from murder

fandom: 
Tony Stark and Peter Parker
Peter Parker and the Avengers
Loki & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Thor and Peter Parker

