Work Text:
 After the mission report is given, he doesn’t hesitate to walk out of the war room despite Fury’s scowl of displeasure.He doesn’t need to stay longer than necessary. They don’t need him now that he’s done what he came to do. The extent of his purpose is concluded: the mission is complete, they have no need for the Winter Soldier.And he’s relieved.Working with SHIELD, being part of the Avengers Initiative is not much different from being with Hydra.There’s no torture, no deep freeze, no wipes, at least, and while the uniform, the name, the insignia are different, what they need of him is fundamentally the same – fight, procure and kill. When it’s over, when they have no need for him, and it feels like being put under.He flexes, clenches and unclenches his fists, and blinks unseeingly as a barely-there chill settles against his skin.There’s a vague ringing in his ears as his senses grow dull as he becomes aware of how he’s dissociating, having an out of body experience. He watches himself navigate towards the residential floor of the Compound, the few people he comes across nod in acknowledgment; Kamala high-fives him as he passes, and he huffs in amusement when she wiggles her brows and mimics an explosion with her hands before he turns a corner with a shake of his head; Peter follows him to the common room, talking excitedly about the upcoming Stark Expo. He ruffles the kid’s hair, waves him off, keeps walking.He’s still floating – untethered – when Rogers stops him and chats, laughing and patting him on the arm, and he listens with half an ear before nodding and walking off. Rogers doesn’t question it.“Bucky always gets like that after a mission,” Rogers will tell anyone who’ll listen why Bucky’s so quiet, and he huffs a bit under his breath.He isn’t even trying.The Winter Soldier was an assassin, not a spy, but he had few options available to him after the helicarrier fiasco that led to his escape. He wouldn’t be receiving any help otherwise.Pretending to be someone else seemed like his only viable option for survival in this new world. Becoming an international fugitive hadn’t helped in that endeavor. Still, he’d held out the hope that his visit to the Wakandan freezer would be permanent. A final decommissioning. Alas. Being woken to be told he was free made him downright bitter.He may have been free from Hydra, but he’d always carry the successes of their missions, the programming that made him their weapon, the phantom touch of their torture. He didn’t deserve another chance, he didn’t deserve to be free which was probably why he was so accepting of the prison he picked for himself: Becoming Bucky Barnes.It wasn’t a real loss, actually.The Winter Soldier was an abomination of Hydra programming and the perversion of another person’s psyche. The soldier was never a real person. Something Rogers is quick to remind him whenever he falters – whenever the words scream in his head that I’m not real, I’m not Bucky –But. Those moments are few and far between.Fortunately for him, the Captain is more than willing to accept whatever warped version of his best friend the Winter Soldier tries to be, and to the soldier’s credit, he does attempt some level of believability.It was harder when he was freshly frozen, but being back in the United States, the easy access to war reels and American history books is more than enough information to glean from. It takes him less than a week to walk and smirk and sit just like Bucky, and it takes him another two to dispel the Russian accent that slants his words.There’s no one to miss the soldier. No one’s the wiser.But with over seventy years under Hydra’s thumb, old habits die hard; he maintains regular perimeter sweeps; always carries a loaded gun in a holster somewhere on his person, always has knives strapped to his thighs and ankles, and has gone days with only the barest of interactions, the most minimal of sleep and food as he lurked in shadowy corners – watching, observing.He is not a spy, but he’s good at surviving, and he will be good at this too.Even if it’s obvious he’s not quite right.While everyone can pretend that the soldier is Captain America’s sidekick, Bucky Barnes, the prisoner-of-war, Steve’s all-but-blood brother; that he wasn’t one of the successful guinea-pigs that didn’t die on the table the first time Hydra captured him and pumped him with their version of the serum, that he didn’t die in the fall from the train; that the thing that remains of him wasn’t routinely tortured; that he is salvageable, that he is manageable, that he is not broken. They can pretend he isn’t any of those things.They can pretend that he only gets feral and violent when he’s being threatened, that it’s all just the result of defense mechanisms and ingrained training.Everyone can pretend. Except Tony.Friday greets him as he enters what is commonly referred to as the Penthouse, Tony’s suite of rooms, and he automatically begins to shed the jacket of his uniform, leavin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Signs of domestic life
Dissociation
the shitty circumstances of Bucky's life
seriously
someone get this boy a blanket and a hug
taking care of each other
Tony would know how to take care of Bucky
Sleepy Tony
Cuddles
Winter Soldier looks for a handler
Soldier pretending to be Bucky
not team Cap friendly
Never team cap friendly tbh
soft bois

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

