Chapter 1: cherry wine
    




Chapter Text
It starts off with a harmless day dream about fighting a big bad with Mr Stark. Really, it’s mostly Calculus 101’s fault. Peter’s supposed to have skipped all this boring first year stuff, but somebody in the office had lost the paperwork that announced him knowledgeable enough for him to go straight into second year papers, so he’s stuck in classes that he doesn’t even need because he knows it all anyway until they sort the mess out. So, Peter’s not really paying attention to the equations and graphs on the projector screen, he’s staring somewhere off to the left of the girl’s ear in front of him, thinking about the next big alien invasion or Dr Doom incident and fighting alongside Iron Man. Wouldn’t it be cool if Mr Stark gave him a ride on his back so he could build up some velocity before he swung off, oh, oh, and he could totally bounce off of Cap’s shield and go swinging into a mass of evil robots, utilising the awesome web bomb that he’d been working on, and everybody would pat him on the back and give him hugs at the end of it for being able to work alongside everybody but also display his own cool powers and tech. Black Widow gave the best hugs. Peter blushes bright red and looks down at his textbook that he doesn’t need to read because he knows all of it already. Yeah, her curves were  awesome, don’t get Peter wrong, but she has all this strength that she wasn’t afraid to use to squeeze Peter to her body. Cap’s hugs were totally cool as well, Cap could never be bad at anything, but he was too conscious of his super soldier strength and delicate in his bear hugs. Mr Stark was, well, Mr Stark, and he mostly gave pats on the back, and when he did give hugs, they were special, not the kind you blushed at. Hawkeye gave good one armed squeezes, and Dr Banner wasn’t much for hugs. Thor though, Thor gave the best hugs out of them all. Peter shifts his gaze over to the clock on the beige wall, frowning as he watches the second hand tick. He’s never really thought in depth about why Thor’s hugs were the best, they just kind of were, but now that he really thinks about it, it might have something to do with the fact that Peter is generally breathless afterwards from being squeezed so hard he thinks something might pop. Thor is super, duper strong. Like, could lift a building containing ten elephants and a country’s worth of steel. He’s definitely stronger than Peter, and Peter recons he could hold him down with one big, muscular arm like Peter was weaker than a kitten. He probably wouldn’t even bat an eyelash as Peter struggled to get out from under him, he would probably just get between Peter’s legs and pin him down with a huge hand around his throat and  squeeze  until Peter’s vision went fuzzy, and then when all the fight had gone from him and Peter was limp with surrender he would spread Peter’s thighs wide and fuck into him- Woah. 
 Woah. 
 Where in the heck had that come from? Flushing bright red, Peter pulls his book bag over his crotch and looks surreptitiously around to his seat neighbours. Thankfully nobody seems to have noticed his impromptu boner. But, holy hell, what  was  that thought? Clearing his throat, Peter puts his head down and pretends to be trying to puzzle out the equation the lecturer was currently droning on about. Thor would never choke him out, or, or, do  that, ever! And he’s never thought about Thor that way! Or any of the Avengers for that matter, well, except for the occasional fantasy about Black Widow doing that awesome take down thing where she basically strangled you with her thighs, but who hadn’t thought about that? Okay, okay, no need to panic. He didn’t have a big huge crush on Thor; he was a dude, and dudes had random sexual thoughts about people all the time. Hadn’t there been a study on it? And the choking- well, Peter had just saved someone from being mugged the other day, and saving someone from being choked while getting their wallet stolen would stick to anyone, right? Anyway, Peter should just forget about it, it would never happen again. The lecturer begins to wrap up, and Peter gathers his pens, notebook and textbook, concentrating on not thinking about Thor and choking, and more on his next physics class. - Peter doesn’t forget about it. In fact, Peter can’t stop thinking about it. He’s so distracted about having a big crush on Thor that he almost gets decapitated by a huge flying bug with razor wings coming at him. The only things that saves him is Hawkeye firing an arrow into the things big green eyeball, popping the membrane and getting goopy green shit all over Peter as he jumps out of the way of it’s falling corpse. “Hey, kid, pay attention! You’re not usually this out of it, what’s going on?” Swinging up next to Clint, Peter fires out some webbing to tangle up another one of those weird razor winged bugs. “Nothing, it’s nothing!” “Uh huh,” Clint shoots three arrows in succession, felling three more bugs. “Is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
BDSM
first time sub!Peter
dom!wade
Peter is over 18
Some Non-con touching
but nothing bad
and nothing between Wade and Peter
that's all consensual
Face Slapping
Light Bondage
Rape fantasy?
the deflowering of Peter Parker
Anal Sex
kink club
i really have no idea about BDSM
take nothing in this seriously
a little bit of Peter/Thor but really that's just Peter being confused lol
Peter says no to Wade but they have a safe word worked out and Peter doesn't really mean it
Peter says no to another guy without a safe word worked out and the guy doesn't take it seriously
but that doesn't go anywhere super serious
Dirty Talk
Mentions of the other Avengers - Freeform
OCs - Freeform
Feminization
Crossdressing
Spanking
Blow Jobs
Daddy Kink
peter in make up and thigh highs
Wall Sex
Identity Reveal
Suit Sex
Collars
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
bathing together
Aftercare
Multiple Orgasms
Come Eating
Consensual Non-Consent
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

