Chapter 1: Fic
    




Chapter Text

One. 
With two milkshakes tucked into the crook of his elbow and a takeout bag clutched in each hand, Bruce was just about to ask FRIDAY to let Tony know that lunch was ready when the earsplitting volume of AC/DC was shut off abruptly.Through the glass doors leading into the workshop, Bruce could see Tony scowling at the corner camera at the interruption before the frown was replaced by a wide grin. So whatever news FRIDAY had wasn't related to the Accords revisions then.It had been nearly three months after the so-called Superheroes Civil War and seven weeks since Bruce had seen the news of Tony's hospitalization, made a new crater in the remote mountains of Mongolia, and found his way back to New York.Not to demand answers but to offer his support and apologize for his absence; the Hulk's disappearance after Sokovia had been cited as one of the reasons for the Accords. Bruce had swallowed his discomfort, testifying in front of the United Nations committee about Maximoff's involvement in Johannesburg and Ross' history of unethical treatment of enhanced beings, all the while worrying that his efforts were too little, too late.Tony had merely shrugged and replied that it was better late than never with the kind of easy forgiveness that Bruce didn't deserve but would try to earn. The same way he would earn back Tony's friendship, that he had once slept through and left behind.Which was why he was here, outside of Tony's workshop with the greasy burgers and curly fries and mocha milkshakes Tony loved. The beef patties had been switched with turkey but he doubted Tony could tell with the amount of cheese.Except Tony was shutting down his work with a speed he usually reserved for emergencies."Everything okay?" Bruce asked when the doors slid open."Yep, just forgot I have a doctor's appointment." The way Tony said the last two words sounded like a private joke.Instinctively, Bruce's eyes flickered down to Tony's chest, where his fragile heart beat on behind a Vibranium sternum.Tony took advantage of the moment of distraction and plucked one of the milkshakes from Bruce's arm. "I'm all good, promise. This doctor-" There was that secretive smile again. "-is for something different, um, something new."Lifting a brow in question, Bruce felt his other brow joined in a disbelieving arch when Tony flushed."But science is still my first love, I swear!"Bruce wisely didn't point out that he hadn't said a word about love or science. Instead, he handed over the other milkshake and the two bags. "Here, take these to..." He trailed off purposefully.Tony shuffled his feet. "His name is Dr. Strange.""Dr. Strange." Bruce kept his comment about how flustered Tony looked to himself. This relationship must still be new and he wasn't sure if they were at the stage where he could tease Tony about his new boyfriend. "Have a good lunch date.""It's not a date." Tony's protest was entirely weightless given how quickly he ran down the hall to meet this Dr. Strange. 
Two. 
"So tell me about this Dr. Strange you've been spending so much time with." Pepper waited until Tony had a mouthful of pasta, mushroom raviolis so delicious it would make him hesitate to leave them behind to avoid her question. That moment of pause was all she needed to get an answer from him. "I heard you ditched Bruce the other day.""That's because he brought me turkey burgers."Pepper reached for her water, refusing to engage in one of Tony's pivots.A beat of silence."You sure you want to talk about this?" Tony glared at his dinner and she knew she had won, on all fronts. "You know, with our history and how Ir-""If there's someone new in your life, I want to hear about it." Pepper interrupted and meant every word. Just because they weren't lovers anymore didn't mean she had stopped caring about him. Tony had been and would always be one of her best friends; a failed romantic relationship wasn't going to change that."Well, if you're sure.""I am.""He came to the hospital. After Siberia." Tony stabbed at a ravioli. "He wanted to talk and had some ideas for Rhodey's, um, condition."The file Happy had put together mentioned Dr. Strange's struggle with an accident that robbed him of the use of his hands. It spoke of a kind man with strong character to be able to rise from a tragedy and be reborn with a new purpose, consulting and lecturing around the country. She could understand how the two of them would be instantly attracted. "Sounds like it was helpful."His lips curled satisfactorily around a bite that had nothing to do with the creamy sauce or handmade pasta. "It was. He really opened my eyes to new things. Things I hadn't considered before.""Sounds like he's good for you.""He certainly likes to think so." Tony huffed with a fond roll of his eyes."I'm sure you're good for him too." She added in a tone that brooked no arguments.Another beat of silence.Tony twitched. "Can we talk about something else please?"Chuckling, Pepper decided to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fluff
Humor
Misunderstandings
Getting Together
5+1
Translation Available
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

