Chapter 1: Masquerade Ball (Day 1)
    


Summary:

A little late to the first day, but here is the first oneshot!Kinks: Masks, DeepthroatingShip: IronstrangeEnjoy!





Chapter Text
Tony plowed into the man’s throat, caught up in the wild frenzy of chasing bliss. It was classic, how they had ended up here. The stranger had approached him at the blackjack table and they’d hit it off almost instantly as they played the game of chance. The stranger’s silk mask only covered his eyes, it wasn’t even the centerpiece of his look. He was dressed in strange but beautiful robes, embellished with various tassels and other decorations. He also wore a great red cloak. The two had made a series of small wins at the table which amounted to a decent wad of cash at the end of the night. They used the money to buy several drinks, and Tony had let slip that he was looking for a pickup that night.     “I don’t know about you, but I think I’ve had enough of this whole scene for tonight. We got good winnings, but I want to play a different game...” Tony studied the other man’s face for a reaction, hoping his crappy starting line wouldn’t ruin things.The stranger only smirked and took another sip of his martini, “I’d love to play, where are we going?” The thrill of being a veiled mystery to the other man was exhilarating, finally being able to take a different kind of chance.This was at a time before Stephen Strange had even met Tony Stark. The masquerade was the perfect occasion for him to indulge in one of his more… Guilty pleasures. Even as a doctor and an expert in medicine, knowing about the risks he would be taking, he dreamed of being picked up by a handsome stranger. Being used by someone he didn’t know was, regretfully, arousing to him. Spending one night with a masked man one of his favorite fantasies, and now he was living it.Lying on his back with his head hanging over the side of the bed, Stephen stroked his own cock to the rhythm of the other man’s thrusts. It was almost dizzying, but the chestnut-haired gentleman let him come up for air and checked in to make sure he was okay every few minutes. They had also established a safe signal if Stephen needed to stop. He had also practiced deepthroating many times before in his own time in case he was ever able to find a partner. It was another one of his favorite kinks-the feeling of his throat being full and fucked raw.  Stephen was proud of his ability to satisfy the stranger above him, who was grunting and groaning with all sorts of pleasured noises. He was very handsome with his shirt partially unbuttoned, Stephen could tell it was expensive.“Mm, yeah, you like that, Mr. Stranger?” Tony relished in the pleasured expressions the man below him made as he fucked his throat. Stephen internally laughed at the irony of his pickup’s stupid nickname for him, trying to focus on obtaining his own release. With his own orgasm on the way, Tony offered to help the stranger pleasure himself. He made quick work of the other man’s dick, stroking it rapidly and wanting to make sure he came as well.When Tony came, his face scrunched up as his cock pulsed, waves and waves of pleasure making his knees feel weak for a few fleeting moments.The other man came a minute later, warm seed spurting out and coating Tony’s fingers. Tony pulled out immediately after his orgasm was finished so he could breathe and sat down next to him on the bed, trying to catch his own breath. “As one night stands go, that wasn’t bad,” Tony chuckled, “You’ve got some skill there, any chance I see you again after this?” He peeled off the condom and brought over the box of tissues after throwing it out.“Thank you,” Stephen smiled, in pure bliss, “But I was counting on a one-night thing tonight.” He sat up, grabbing the nearby tissues to clean himself up a bit, “Don’t get me wrong, it was wonderful. I’ve always wanted to try that, but I think I’ll remain mysterious for now.”Tony nodded, “It’s okay, I respect that. Maybe in another life,” he joked.“Maybe. Come find me when the world is ending, we can do like they did in Pompeii. One last ride,” Stephen was relieved when the other man took his will seriously, throwing out his tissues.“I’ll remember that,” Tony replied, “Especially the part about the ‘last ride’.” They both burst into slightly drunken laughter, and Stephen came to sit back down next to Tony. He rested his head on Tony’s shoulder, not knowing his identity but bathing in the touch of his warm skin. Tony rubbed Stephen’s shoulder, not knowing his name but feeling comforted by this little moment they were having, even more so than the great sex they’d just had. It was a night unforgotten by the two of them, and unknown to all the rest of the world.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster & Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
IronStrange
Kinktober 2018
Kinktober
Deepthroating
Masks
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
i'll add more with each new oneshot
Smut
Condoms
Oneshot
One Shot Collection
stephen is kinky
Costume Parties & Masquerades
Doctor Kink
Gloves
Safe Sane and Consensual
Established Relationship
Established Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
I switch him around it depends
Top Stephen Strange
Bottom Stephen Strange
Begging
Begging Tony Stark
Edging
Edgeplay
Lube
Shotgunning
Smoking
Hookah
Intoxication
Mildly Dubious Consent
Dubious Consent
Loki basically wants to fuck his way off sakaar
and gets high while he does
that's why it's dubcon in my book
Foot Fetish
yep
grandmaster is a wild dude
No Aftercare
Sex
Gay Sex
Top Grandmaster
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Power Dynamics
No Romance
at least not in Day 5
Masturbation
Stucky - Freeform
Corsetry
Spanking
Lingerie
Crossdressing
Crossdressing Kink
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Daddy Kink
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
IronFrost - Freeform
Aphrodisiacs
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Praise Kink
Light Bondage
Coming Untouched
Apples
Aftercare
Tied-Up Tony Stark
Top Loki (Marvel)
Loki is daddy
Light Asphyxiation
feederism
Fisting
Anal Fisting
Bondage
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Conflicted Steve Rogers
Denial
Denial of Feelings
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Smutty and Soft Stony
pretty vanilla
steve is an old man just let him go slowly
tony is a good boyfriend
Responsible Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
blowjob
Hair-pulling
Super Soldier Dick
its big guys we know this
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Loki crossdressing
cucumber
in tony's ass
that's basically the plot
Object Insertion
Basically there's this cucumber and loki puts it IN tony's ass that's the actual plot guys
have fun with day 11 guys
stephen and tony at it again
tony eats lots of m&ms
Rimming
Halloween Costumes
Costumes
Licking
slutty nurse stephen
slutty iron man...iron man
Husbands
day 13 is sad boys
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Sad Tony
sad Steve
steeb cries a lil
tony forgot to take his suppressants
this is just really sad ok
like only read this if u wanna cry a lil
days 14 and 15 are combined
Asphyxiation
Choking
Uniforms
Uniform Kink
Military Uniforms
Military Kink
Fluff and Smut
But Mostly Smut
Day 16
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Blindfolds
Sex Slave Tony Stark
Body Worship
Come Marking
Anal Fingering
Butt Plugs
Butt Slapping
Dirty Talk
Day 17
Seduction
tony does a lil bit of dancing
Serenading
Burlesque
sorta - Freeform
steve gets off watching tony
Tony is a tease
Day 18
Xenophilia
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jotunn Biology (Marvel)
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
steve rogers is curious for that alien dick lmao
Mutual Masturbation
Come Eating
briefly at the end
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Asgard (Marvel)
Post-Avengers Asgard
Not Canon Compliant
ironstrange again
days 19 and 20
formal wear
Cock Warming
hot dogging
Flavored Lube
Anal Sex
Day 21
Hand Jobs
sciencebros
Bruce Banner Smokes Marijuana
Marijuana
Recreational Drug Use
Drug Use
Snacks & Snack Food
Oreos
Food Kink
Finger Sucking

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster & Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

