Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 "Inside us there is something that has no name that something is what we are.”  - Jose Saramago  Natasha cornered him in the kitchen. “Don’t freak out; Banner and Stark are going to fix it.”Those were not reassuring words for Bucky. He narrowed his eyes, seeing the mischievous light in her otherwise blank face.  They were both assassins, but this was their home front and neither of them could carry the dead stare that was reserved for their missions and battles. All in all she was slipping, but then again so was he. Setting the bottle of water down he ran through a mental list of things that would worry him. It’s a short list and he can already feel the colors around him darken.“What happened to Steve?”She blinked, unfazed by his hardened gaze and tensing shoulders. “He’s alive and conscious in the labs. Loki stopped by and got him with some type of spell that’s affecting him.”“Affecting him how?” He was already walking past her and turning to the elevator. “Why wasn't I called in?” The button is pressed with more force than necessary. Unease was building in his chest as he willed himself not to lash out and demand more information. “Loki was here briefly. Apparently Stark and Rogers were the only two who saw him before he evaporated.”Irritation nudged at him. His metal hand flexed at his side. “Evaporated?”The bell chimed, signaling the elevators arrival.“Well he might have used apparition.” She shrugged.He snorted as he jammed the button for the labs; he ran a hand through the wisps of hair that had come loose from where he had tied it back. It was long, not something he would have preferred in the past but he’d grown to accept this new part of himself. Not quite Bucky but not the Soldier. That was his life now; an in-between. “I should have never let you convince me to read those books.” Metal and flesh looped as he crossed his arms. The reckless Asgardian could have done anything to his friend. “Is it bad?”“Only if you expect him to be doing anything Avengers related,” her tone turned light, “or manual labor of any kind. That’s why we’re worried, plus the public fallout.”“What?” he asked, visions of Steve horribly disfigured crossing his mind. He shuddered, at the images his imagination created. His appearance wouldn’t matter to him, only his wellbeing. “Is he in pain?”She avoided his eye. “You should really see for yourself.”The metal doors opened and they made their way through the belly of Avengers tower. Bucky could feel the weight of apprehension and tried to resist it but this was Steve and that meant more than he could say aloud. If it was deviating then he would do anything to help him, no matter his appearance or ‘public fallout’ some spell caused. Steve was his oldest friend and the one person who Bucky had found himself turning to more and more these last few months. He’d have nothing if it wasn’t for Steve.Natasha punched in her code, granting them access. They were greeted with the sight of Tony Stark hovering over a huge metal table, some type of cylinder device in hand. A privacy sheet was drawn over one of the medical beds. At the sight of that cover Bucky can feel his heartbeat double. He walked past Stark, completely deaf to the man’s (most likely sarcastic) chatter as he pulls the sheet aside.A blonde head shot up and Bucky’s breathe caught.“Hi,” Steve said. His eyes looked tired; however, he managed to wave a thin wrist from the examination bed.Wearing a too big Captain America shirt, Bucky suspected Stark had put it on him as a joke, was the 90-pound skinny kid that Sergeant James Barnes had walked away from at the entrance to the World’s Fair back in 1942.Without much though he asked, “I thought you were bigger.”Steve sent him a withering glare, but managed to hold his chin high. Bucky can't help the pride that welled in him at that sight. If Steve could pull of that defiance then he was better that he let on. Bucky ran his eyes over him and wonders if the asthma and his other ailments have returned along with the smaller frame and ever present spitfire attitude.“So,” Bucky paused, “did it hurt?”Steve thought face twisting in discomfort as he recalled the memory. “A little.”“Is this going to be permanent?” he asked, felling a sense of déjà-vu but not being able to place it.Steve stared at him, mouth twisted in a smile but his eyes were glossy, far away.“Well,” Stark physically came between them, “hopefully not.” He put a device near Steve’s upper chest, reading the vitals.Bucky feels a twitch of something go through him at the sight. Even the short frame of Stark dwarfs Steve. Somewhere deep under all the layers of the Soldier he could feel the need to protect.Sighing Tony withdrew the device, not looking up as he moved away. “Try not to rile him up too much. He already had an asthma attack when he started shrinking.”The concern was back. “You got him a shot of adrenalin, right?”Tony gave him a baffled look. “This isn't the dark ages anymore, Barnes.”“It
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Memories
Memory Loss
Friends to Lovers
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Loki Does What He Wants
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Switching
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Slow Build
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

