Chapter 1: stabbing
    


Notes:
Warnings: stabbing




Chapter Text
“That was too easy,” Rhodey says after they take down this week’s crazy person set on taking control of New York.Tony shrugs his shoulders, look around. “Not gonna complain about an easy day.” But something’s wrong…something’s not right.His worries are answered when he hears the kid’s wobbly voice over the comm link. “Uh, Mr. Stark…I think…I have a slight problem.”Tony whirls around, searching the ground for his spider kid. “Pete, what’s wrong? Where are you?”“By the pizzeria on 36th,” comes his reply and Tony knows that tone. He can tell how desperate the kid is trying to keep himself calm.Sure, the fight itself was easy, but it was long. Long and frustrating because the army of robots– actual robots– was never-ending.Tony puts everything into his thrusters to get to Peter. Steve is already there with an arm wrapped around Peter’s shoulders. He runs to a stop in front of him, his eyes immediately going to the bleeding wound he was holding on his stomach. “What happened?”Peter winces. “S'was stabbed by one of the bots’ knife thingies.”Tony nods his head. It doesn’t look too bad. This he can work with. “Well, how’s your healing factor doing, buddy?”“Oh, it’s working,” Steve says and that doesn’t sound good.Tony hesitates. “What do you mean?”Peter smiles nervously. “I, uh, tried to get it out because I couldn’t fight with a piece of metal sticking out of me. And I know, before you say anything, you’re not supposed to take out the blade because it could be what’s keeping you alive and whatnot, but Karen checked and said it was safe to take out! I’d heal up before I lost too much blood.”Tony nods his head, trying to decipher what is actually useful in the kid’s rambling. “Skip to the bad part. You know how I am with patience.”“Well, uh– I tried to pull it out and I did! But…you see, this is the funny part! Part of it snapped off inside of me…so my body is healing around the part of the blade still inside of me.”Tony fails to find any humor in that statement. He blinks and wishes his face wasn’t covered by his mask so Peter could see the look on his face. “Would you like to explain to me which part I should laughing at? Because I don’t think a sharp object being inside of you, dangerously close to several organs and such is funny.”Peter winces. “Whoops.”—Getting back to the Tower is a hassle and a half. Tony hooks Peter under his arms and flies very slowly and carefully. He’s afraid to disturb the blade inside the kid’s stomach and cause internal bleeding.Bruce is ready when they get to medbay and shakes his head. “Peter, what are we going to do with you?”Tony crosses his arms over his chest from where he’s watching beside the bed Peter’s laying flat on. “Oh, I’ve got a few ideas.”“Don’t listen to him, Dr. B. He loves me too much to let any harm come.” Peter grins, all while there’s still a damn blade making itself home in his gut.“I’m going to kill you.” Tony pauses to really think about it. “Or you’re going to kill me. Whichever comes first.”Before Peter can reply, Bruce brings over a needle. “I’m gonna have to cut it back open to pull out the blade, Peter.”Peter nods, knowing the drill. The anesthesia– the one they come up with in the lab after Bruce had to perform surgery on Peter without it and swore never again– will make him feel nice and loopy while Bruce does his work. Doesn’t mean he liked the needle any more.Despite the jokes Peter had been making, Tony knows he’s nervous. He uses the jokes that ignore the fact he’s actually terrified. And while apparently, a blade healed in place inside of him wasn’t as bad as the sight of a needle. Because Bruce starts wiping at his arm with an alcohol wipe and Peter doesn’t crack a joke. His wide eyes find Tony immediately.Tony comes forward. “Okay, buddy, I’m right here.” One hand finds Peter’s (the kid started squeezing it the second he can) and the other finds its spot threaded through his curls.“I don’t like needles,” he whispers loudly.Tony chuckles. “I know, kiddo. Maybe next time we don’t rip metal knives out of our stomachs. Let’s leave it to the trained professionals.”“Your trained professional is about to stab me all over again.” Peter’s eyes don’t leave Tony’s, but the kid knows the needle is near.“You literally have a giant needle stuck inside you. How is that needle worse?”“Needles are terrifying, Mr. Stark.”“Yeah, yeah, so are you.” He rolls his eyes. “Close your eyes and it’ll be over before you know it.”“But–.”“No ‘but’s or else I’ll tell him to rearrange your intestines while he’s fishing around.”Peter makes a face. “Gross.”“You’re gross,” Tony returns.“You’re gross,” Peter mocks right back.Tony shakes his head with a smile. Oh yeah, the kid was gonna be just fine.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Stabbing
Blood
Uncle Ben angst
Night Terrors
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fainting
Sleep Deprivation
Hair Playing
Mentions of Skip Westcott
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Panic Attacks
Poisoning
Vomiting
Misunderstandings
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Kidnapping
Fire
Fever
Delirium
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Bullying
Torture
Hypothermia
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Electrocution
Fluff and Angst
Peter buys his first apartment
Waterboarding
Gun Violence
Chains
Dehumanization
Hostage Situations
Fluff
Surgery
Stitches
Caretaking
Platonic Cuddling
Branding
Rescue
Dissociation
Anesthesia doesn't work
Serial Killers
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Character Death
Human Trafficking
Temporary Character Death
Medical Torture
Medical Experimentation
Protective Peter Parker
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Mentions of Past Dubious Consent
Beating
Explosions
Humiliation

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

