Chapter 1: one-man army
    




Chapter Text
Matt had never given much thought to the word on his wrist: the black, scrawling, chicken-scratch that carved out much more than the word bang, but his future too. His father said what all parents say to the children: that it was the mark of his Soulmate, the other half of his soul – the one person who would make him the happiest boy in the world.But life took a sharp turn when he was nine, and well, his soulmate never really crossed his mind after that. He focused his attentions on things he could control; on things more tangible than fairy-tales.So he found something that he liked doing. He rescued people. He saved people. In the day, he donned a suit and glasses, let people pay him with chickens and three portions of lasagne, and told the world that everyone deserved the best defence they could, no matter creed, culture, convictions or capital, everyone deserved a chance for their voices to be heard. Everyone deserved a shot a redemption. When that didn’t work, he folded up his cane, shucked out of his suit, and he let the devil out, just like his Dad used to do.And it worked. It worked right up until the heatwave broke over Hell’s Kitchen, swathing the streets in sweat and the dank smell of the subway that burst up through the vents. The trash, sitting idle on the street, rotted under the sun, adding a foul bitterness to dry air. They always said that heat made people mad and Matt never realised how right they were until Frank Castle rolled into town.A shootout with the Irish and suddenly their lives were overwhelming, incomprehensively, brutally entwined. Blood, glass, grime and the half-stench of death, it was a shit storm – and that was before the meatpacking warehouse, the silent breath of: “Him”, which cut through Matt like a knife. He’d felt gutted to his core at the very idea of a man who could do such a thing, the prospect of facing him came with an uncontrollable rage and a rather fervent fear. What would he do about the Devil, Matt had wondered, and was this his fate should he go up against him? He had little time, though, because suddenly he was on a roof-top, gunshots sounding and Karen’s screaming ringing in Matt’s ear as people dove for cover. The sudden blow of flesh on flesh as they grappled, punched and kicked at each other, each clawing for an advantage. But the man was tough – tougher than anyone Matt had met – with fists that rattled every molecule in his body and made the dizzying sight of the man on the hook swim beneath his eyes. He may have been the man-without-fear, but there was something fearful about this one-man army that terrified him.When he heard the click, Matt felt every hair on his body stand up, a chill cascading down his spine and his stomach dropped to his feet. He smelt blood on the man before him, knew his lips were curved into some bright, manic smile because there was blood in between his teeth and on his tongue, which was half out as he drew in a breath. Matt was panting himself, a sensation gripping him he couldn’t explain. It was heady and violent – it almost felt like being drunk. There was a second, maybe even a minute, Matt wasn’t sure before the man half inhaled.Then:"Bang."Matt had barely a second to register the significance of that word and of just what it meant, before he was falling backwards off the roof, the ground rushing up to meet him. His last thought that that man, the murdering criminal who had butchered men like they were nothing but meat sacks, was his soulmate. Matt wasn't sure how long he spent unconscious, swimming in the dark recess of his mind, before the despairing cries of Foggy broke through to him. His best friend holding his head in his lap and pleading for Matt to awaken, helping him stumble home via back-alleys when he finally gained some control over his limbs. But while every inch of him hurt, it was the scruffy, black word on the inside of his wrist that burned the worst. It felt like his whole arm was on fire, but he ignored it and kept the word out of Foggy’s sight as well as he could while numbly answering questions on the what and why of the previous night. His words felt almost too complimentary: fast, good, trained – and Foggy’s eyebrows were raised, he was sure – but he couldn’t help it. He might not like what his soulmate was, but the man was his soulmate, and that was a fact. Something irrefutable. And the idea of letting the police deal with him? - that made a violent, heavy panic rise from his stomach into his chest and slowly clasp at his heart. He couldn’t, couldn’t let anyone else bring the guy in. There was no way.No. Way.So Matt argued with Foggy, as he always did, and let his best friend walk out the door, slamming it behind him for good measure, leaving him alone with thoughts he didn't particularly want to indulge in. There were so many things. So many problems that he now faced. Part of him wished he'd never heard the word...but a small part of him was so thrill
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Matt Murdock

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Angst
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Identity Issues
Misunderstandings
Mutual Pining
Canon-Typical Violence
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Angry Frank Castle
Self-Hatred

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Matt Murdock

