Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thermoregulation:The first time Tony Stark, yes the Tony Stark – superhero, billionaire, inventor, engineer, genius – invited Peter Parker – unknown vigilante, loser, teenager, chatterbox, genius – to his home to work in the labs Peter thought he was dreaming. Peter had almost thought that he had completely dreamed up the invite and he was not going to go to the labs but rather straight home, to May.But of course he couldn’t dream up a very unhappy Happy waiting for him outside the school. He really had been invited to the compound. The Avengers Compound. By Tony Stark. Unbeknownst to both the driver and the teenager this wouldn’t be the last time they made this drive. In fact, it would be the first of many.It was now the third time Peter had been invited to the compound. He would like to say he was taking it well and getting used to the fact that Tony Stark actually wanted to work with him in the labs. Of course if he said this he would be lying. He couldn’t help it though, there was just something so endlessly amazing about getting to hang out with his hero, working on the Spider suit and talking about improvements and other inventions. He just couldn’t figure out why Tony Stark wanted to hang out with him. He was sure he would never figure it out. In fact he was sure eventually the invites would stop. Tony probably felt bad about the Vulture incident. They hadn’t talked about that since Peter told him it wasn’t his fault. Peter had felt very brave to disagree with the man.The only thing that Peter didn’t enjoy about visiting the labs was that they were seriously cold. Mr. Stark’s personal labs, which is where Peter worked, were underground and that meant there was no windows or sunlight. He was also fairly sure the air conditioning was always on and always cooling the room.Because he had only visited the compound on school days so far he had always left pretty early to be home at a decent time. But today was a Friday and that meant that he didn’t have to leave as early because he didn’t need to worry about waking up early the next day.So Peter was in the labs far later than he had ever been. He was certain that it was dark outside. Or as certain as he could be without a window. And it turned out that the temperature in the labs only continued to drop as it got late. He didn’t want to say anything though because Mr. Stark looked perfectly comfortable and at ease. It wasn’t that important anyway, Peter could deal with the cold.Tony looked up and saw Peter shivering as he attempted to attach two wires on a circuit board. He frowned, it wasn’t that cold. Peter was also in a sweater, which meant something was definitely wrong or Peter got cold really easy.“Are you cold, kid?” Mr. Stark asked, as he placed his tools down and looked over at Peter.Peter returned his gaze and smiled, “I’m fine Mr. Stark.”“No, you’re shivering.”Peter sighed and looked down at his hands, “I just get cold easily. I haven’t always but after the whole spider bite thing I’ve had a lot of trouble getting warm.”Tony looked at him curiously, as if he was trying to figure something out. He couldn’t say that he’d ever done any particular study into spiders, but he knew a few trivial facts. “You think it’s because of the spider? You know spiders are ectothermic, they can’t thermoregulate.”“I know,” Peter said, “But I’m still human. Definitely still warm-blooded, but I do think the whole spiders being cold-blooded thing affected me. I think it has just made it harder to keep warm. But not impossible.”Tony nodded, had Peter known him better Peter would have been able to pick that this was the exact moment Tony decided to do more research into spiders, “That makes sense.”Needless to say, when Peter visited the labs for a fourth time they were a lot warmer. He suspected the air conditioners were now circulating warm air rather than cool air. He also left with a pile of specially made blankets and jumpers. He didn’t stop thanking Mr. Stark for a long time. A very long time. Metabolism:Peter didn’t want to let himself get hopeful, but meeting Pepper Potts certainly felt like a sign that Mr. Stark didn’t plan on getting rid of him. It also felt a bit like a test, because if he didn’t impress Ms. Potts then he probably didn’t have much chance spending time with Mr. Stark, or getting a real internship at Stark Industries.Unsurprisingly, Peter had stammered through most of the first three hours he was in Pepper’s presence. And he’d managed to call her Ms Potts Ma’am. Three times. It wasn’t his fault the woman was amazing. And very intimidating, he never imagined he’d see Tony Stark following someone’s instructions. But Pepper managed to get him doing exactly what was needed. He just couldn’t get over how incredible she was. Mr. Stark had pretended to be jealous that Peter was more impressed by Pepper than him.The whole afternoon had been surprisingly fun, and it wasn’t terribly hard all things considered. Peter always had go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

