Work Text:
Bucky slips into the bedroom silently and pushes the door closed with the back of his foot.  In the bed, Steve is still sleeping, the early morning sunlight through the window making his hair glow and his skin look golden.The two mugs in Bucky’s hand clink together because Bucky has stopped paying attention to anything other than Steve.  A splash of coffee lands on the back of his metal wrist and he sucks it off without thinking about it, wincing at the empty taste of the Vibranium.“Morning,” he says softly, crossing the room.Steve doesn’t move, just breathes nice and deep and even, the way he never did before, back in Bucky’s half-formed memories.“Steve,” Bucky whispers.  He sets the mugs down on the table by the bed and leans over Steve, brushing his hair back off his forehead for zero reason other than wanting to.Steve’s lips curl up and Bucky can’t tell if he’s actually asleep or just pretending.  He feels like he should be able to tell, but the fact that he can’t is only a tiny pang amongst all the bigger ones.“Coffee, Steve,” Bucky says then kisses him softly.  It only occurs to him once he’s already done it that maybe that’s not okay, maybe you’re supposed to wait and ask permission, but Steve’s kissing him back by then, so it seems like something to worry about later.Steve smiles and kisses him again, humming happily against Bucky’s mouth, before he blinks his eyes open.  “Hi,” he says.  “Good morning.”“Morning,” Bucky says back and doesn’t move away.  He knows he can get kind of fixated these days, studying a thing and forgetting to look away, but Steve normally tells him when he’s getting creepy.  For now, Steve just smiles and lets Bucky look at the pretty grey-blue in his eyes for as long as he wants to.“What time is it?” Steve whispers, like he doesn’t want to look across at the clock and break the spell.“Early,” Bucky says, not six forty-two and I don’t know how I know that.“Good,” Steve says and rolls Bucky down onto the free side of the bed.Bucky could fight it, but he deliberately doesn’t.  He’s glad when Steve follows him, crowding over him and kissing him, half on top of him with the comforter still between them.Steve’s laughing and there’s sun in Bucky’s eyes and it’s… it’s amazing, really.“Jeez, you woke up quick,” Bucky says, squirming sideways so he’s tucked more firmly under Steve’s solid chest.  “Had an incentive,” Steve says.  He lays his hands on Bucky’s biceps, stroking them with his thumbs, then slides his hands down Bucky’s arms until their fingers are tangled together.  Bucky squeezes Steve’s fingers absently while they kiss.  He can feel Steve gradually waking up all the way as the kisses get deeper, Steve’s tongue sliding into Bucky’s mouth.  Bucky will maybe never get used to this, how good this feels after so long without it, and he groans, trying to twist his fingers free so he can lay his hands on Steve.Steve growls playfully and grabs for Bucky’s hands, pinning them back down onto the bed.All the air rushes out of Bucky’s lungs, but before he can finish processing just how good that felt, Steve’s cursing and scrambling back, letting go of Bucky’s hands as though they’ve burned him.“Sorry, I’m sorry,” he says quickly. “I don’t know what I was thinking.”Bucky blinks.  He’s a little too turned on to process this quick a change in proceedings, but he makes himself sit up on his elbows and tilt his head at Steve.  “Were you thinking that maybe you were about to get spectacularly laid?” he asks.  “‘cause I’m thinking that’s what was just about to happen.”“I didn’t mean to hold you down,” Steve says, looking wretchedly guilty.  “I never meant to make you feel like you didn’t have a choice about - ” “Fuck, Steve,” Bucky interrupts.  “I know that.  If I didn’t like it, I’d tell you to knock it off.” When Steve doesn’t answer, Bucky feels his dick wilt and he sits up, reaching for Steve.  “Don’t look like that, I’m not him anymore.”Him being that empty shell of a person who did exactly what he was told and didn’t know he could say no.  (Bucky is still him, a little, inside.  But he fights it every day and he needs Steve to pretend he believes that that side of him is gone.)“I know,” Steve says. He shrugs, big shoulders rippling under his t-shirt.  “Sorry.”“S’okay,” Bucky says.  He twists around in the bed and lies down next to Steve, snuggling up against him.  “Maybe waking you up with sex was a bad plan.”“No, it was a good plan,” Steve says. “You should do it again.” He stretches one arm around Bucky’s shoulders and passes Bucky his coffee with the other hand.  “I’ll keep that in mind,” Bucky promises.  “And you should think about the holding me down thing.” He smacks one of Steve’s (fantastic) biceps. “I mean, you probably could now.”“Probably?” Steve asks, raising his eyebrows.“Eh.” Bucky hides his smile in his coffee.  “I guess you’d have a fighting chance, at least.”

///
It’s late at night and they’ve been kissing for what feels like hours.  One really good thing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
post-CATWS
bondage held down
Dom/sub Play
Kink Negotiation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

