Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It took a bit for Peter to get used to the fact that the Avengers officially knew he was Spider-Man. He had to teach himself that it was okay to lift heavy things and web objects into his hands when they were around. However, it took even longer for the Avengers to get used to the fact that he could do these things.After Spring break had ended, Peter had gone back to live with his aunt and things were back to semi-normal. Tony had to get used to the fact that he couldn’t be around him all the time. The team had to get re-used to the fact that Rhodey had to go back to DC. Steve had to get used to the fact that Bucky and Tony talked? Like they would mutter under their breath to each other and share super morbid jokes and smirk behind people’s back. That was a thing now, apparently.They’d become accustomed to Peter’s absence, but it was an unspoken truth that they were all on edge now that Peter was gone. He was their sunshine which sounds incredibly cheesy, but that kid had the ability to make every one of them smile.Finally, the weekend rolled around and Peter drove over to the compound, and the Avengers tried to be subtle, but their excuses to talk to him were flimsy. Thank goodness that Peter was oblivious.The shenanigans did not begin, however, until the next morning, when Peter was playing Mario Kart with Sam and Bucky. Bucky, for whatever reason, was amazing at this particular video game, which baffled Sam to no end.“How?!” Sam threw the controller in the air and it clattered back to the ground. “How are you so good at this? You were under when it was invented!”Bucky just shrugged, smirking. “Maybe you just suck.”“I don’t- ngggg.” Sam growled. “I demand a rematch.”Peter chuckled and shook his head. “You’re never going to beat him, cardinal.”Sam rolled his eyes. “Hardy-har-har. You’re hilarious.” He bent down to pick up his controller, frowning when he came back up with the piece holding the battery unattached and one of the batteries missing. “Crap.”Peter pinched his nose, and Bucky barked a laugh. “This is why you don’t throw temper tantrums, stupid.”Sam ignored them both, searching around on the floor, only stopping when he peered under the couch. “Well, I found it. Sorry, guys, I’ll have to move the couch.Bucky sighed, standing. “I’m not helping you move it.”Sam groaned as Peter got up as well. “But Stark’s couches are like boulders and I don’t have super strength.”“Don’t worry, I got it,” Peter said, lifting the couch with one hand and kneeling to grab the battery from underneath. He set it down with barely a thump.Sam’s jaw practically hit the floor.Peter blinked at him. “What?”Sam gestured at the couch. “You just… you…”Bucky laughed. “That’s impressive, for a kid.”“For a kid?! That’s impressive for a grown man! That’d be impressive for you. What the heck man. What the heck.” Sam sat down on the couch and put his head in his hands. “This might take some getting used to.”Peter laughed nervously. “Sorry?”“Why are you sorry? That’s freaking awesome, dude. I wish I could do stuff like that.”Peter’s face contorted in confusion. “But… you’re the Falcon. You can fly.”Bucky raised an eyebrow. “Yeah, Sam. You’re the Falcon.”Sam stuck his tongue out at Bucky before turning to Peter. “What else can you do?”Peter looked at him quizzically. “I already told you guys, remember?”Sam threw up his hands. “Yeah, but I obviously didn’t understand all the implications of what all that meant!”Peter shrugged, his smirk scarily resembling Bucky’s. “Guess you’ll have to find out.” Peter, as an enhanced individual, ate a lot of food, which, in turn, caused him to have to visit the kitchen a lot. Having to take snack breaks every hour got a bit boring after a while, so instead of walking like a normal human being, he’d just jump onto the ceiling and crawl out to the kitchen. The first time someone caught him doing this, it was just Natasha, who tossed him a box of Cheez-its and a little smirk. The second time he was caught, however, was a few hours later.“This place is so cool. Do you think we’ll meet any of the Avengers? I think War Machine is my favorite.”Peter froze on the ceiling, panicking. Who the heck was that? Last he checked, he was the only non-adult allowed in the compound, and the voice that he’d just heard around the corner was definitely not an adult. It was a little girl. He listened a little closer. Three heartbeats. Who could it possibly be?“I’m hurt. I thought I was your favorite Avenger.”Peter cocked his head. That was definitely Scott. What was Scott doing here?“Daaad, you can’t be my favorite- oh my gosh, look!” Peter looked down just as Scott and the two others rounded the corner. “That guy is on the ceiling!”Scott screamed.Peter fell off the ceiling, laughing. He grunted as he hit the ground, but it didn’t affect him much. He scrambled to his feet. “What the hell, Scott?”“What the hell to me? What the hell to you!” Scott exclaimed, waving at him with both arms. “Why are you-?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Spidey-DNA
Domestic Fluff
Avengers functioning as a family
Natasha is Peter's spider mom
Scott is freaked out
Everyone loves Peter
Peter is literally everyone's child
The Avengers all love each other
Tony Stark-friendly
Steve Rogers-friendly
We're All Friends Here
no ships in this one

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

