Chapter 1: Breathe
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Breathe.

 Just breathe. 
The freezing December air hurt his lungs, but it at least kept him focussed, just as the pounding of his feet against the pavement was the only thing keeping him grounded. The police cars were now far behind him, but the sound of their sirens were still ringing in his ears. He pushed himself to run even faster to escape their wailing, to escape the echoes of his Uncle’s voice calling out for him, the screams of his Aunt... the fire of the gun.
Breathe. 

Why can’t I breathe?
Tears had distorted his vision, causing his foot to snag onto some unseen object. Stretching out his shaking hands to catch himself as he fell, he let the pain of the impact bring him back to the reality of what just happened. There was blood on his hands— on his clothes and shoes, and on his face from where he had been wiping at the never ending stream of tears. But it wasn’t his blood...May and Ben are dead... And it was all his fault.All he wanted to do was to lower himself the rest of the way to the dirty pavement so he could curl up and just wait to die. But he knew he couldn’t, he had to keep going; had to get away before they found him; before he hurt anyone else. Forcing his unwilling body off the ground he continued down the dark empty streets of Queens.
Breathe. 

Just breathe.

 
ONE HOUR EARLIER 
Peter sighed, slowly lowering the set of modified swim goggles back onto his cluttered desk right next to a pair of frameless glasses. Wearily, he brought one of his hands back up, pinching the bridge of his nose before moving to rub at his tired eyes. Sleep had all but evaded him for the last week ever since ‘the bite’, as he had come to call it, happened. Every little sound kept him up at night as soundproof headphones could only do so much since his senses seemed dialed to eleven now. At this point he really wouldn’t be surprised if his eye bags had bags. The prototype goggles he had created helped his vision stay focussed. However it wasn’t as though he could live his life with ear plugs and swim goggles on everyday. And so in spite of his exhaustion he was currently still awake and trying to create a less conspicuous design using the frames of his old glasses.Exasperated, hungry, and sleep deprived, Peter leaned back in his chair before letting out another long sigh and groaning. After a minute or two of slow breathing he sat back up and started rummaging around his makeshift workstation until he found the notes containing his latest design. Picking up a pen, he was about to start making modifications to his blueprint when—
 CRACK  
Startled, he looked down and eyed the broken pen in his hand warily before once again cursing his newly acquired super strength. Taking yet another deep breath and trying to keep his composure, Peter turned in his seat and tossed the broken pen into the garba— wait...The clanging sound that would normally accompany a pen being thrown into the can never came. His brows furrowed. Looking back at his hand he was met with the sight of the offending object still superglued to his fingers.“Crap...” he muttered, giving his hand a gentle shake. The pen didn’t budge. He groaned in annoyance. His worn out state in combination with an oncoming headache was doing nothing for his patience, “Get off!” he growled in frustration as he began furiously shaking his hand.“Peter?” The muffled voice of his uncle traveled down the hall to his bedroom, causing Peter’s head to shoot up in a panic. Glancing back down to the pen that was still securely attached to his fingers, he froze for a moment. Dark ink had started leaking from the crack and was now making it’s way onto his hand and down his wrist. The sound of cautious footsteps in the hallway released him from his stupor. Without thinking, he jumped out of his chair and sharply flicked his wrist, hitting his fingers against the edge of the desk in a desperate attempt to try and dislodge the pen once more. The strong twinge of pain that followed caused him to clench his teeth and hiss as the stupid writing utensil clattered to the floor and began spilling onto the carpet. His finger’s began to throb angrily. Great. Another injury to be added to my list of growing accidents due to ‘the bite’. “Peter?” the door to his room opened slowly, revealing not only Uncle Ben but his Aunt May as well. Both were wearing expressions of concern. “It’s getting late Pete, we weren't sure if you'd still be up.”“Oh, well,” clutching at his sore fingers, Peter prayed that they wouldn’t notice his ink-stained hand or the growing black smear in his carpet. “Just studying... you know, with midterm finals coming up— I was actually just about to head to bed so...” he trailed off.His Aunt and Uncle shared a look he couldn’t quite decipher before fully entering the room and closing the door. Suddenly Peter felt cornered, his anxiety building as they made their
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Whump
Eventual Iron Dad
Iron Dad
Homelessness
Homeless Peter Parker
messing with the timeline
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Past Child Abuse
Sensory Overload
Starvation
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Father-Son Relationship
Parent Tony Stark
Angst
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Gun Violence
Haphephobia
noncon only referenced
Non-Explicit
Suicidal Thoughts
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Survivor Guilt

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

