Chapter 1





Chapter Text

May 23rd

"Aren't you cold?"
Michelle looked away from the bustling city around her and glanced at Peter, before once again facing her attention towards Midtown Manhatten. Even though it was nearly one in the morning, the city seemed restless and always at a bustle.
Peter wrapped his arms around MJ's waist and put his head in the crook of her neck. Michelle rolled her eyes and scoffed, fighting back the urge to smile. MJ wiggled around, trying to escape his strong grasp when she finally faced him and sighed.
"I thought I said no PDA. I have a reputation."
Peter made a sad face and whined, staring in MJ's eyes with his stupid puppy dog doe eyed look. "No one is even here..."
Michelle moved aside and gestured to the inside of the tower. Inside, Tony and Pepper were both arguing while May was sipping on champagne, obviously drunk.
Peter grimaced and shrugged, "They aren't even watching." He moved to the end of the balcony and leaned on it, the wind slightly ruffling his curls.
MJ scrunched up her nose, "You need a haircut. You're starting to look like a girl."
In response Peter rolled his eyes and slightly punched MJ on the arm. "I know you love me."
"Keep hoping champ." MJ smiled playfully and locked eyes with Peter. Peter stuck his tongue out and grabbed MJ, pulling her closer to him. Surprisingly, Michelle didn't object. She was cold but she wasn't about to admit that. Peter leaned down to kiss her and MJ swerved away, smirking, "You're getting a little to close for comfort Spidey."
Peter pursed his lips together and crossed his arms. "What are you doing out here anyway? Don't you want to be watching Tony and Pepper in crisis?"
MJ titlted her head. "They aren't in crisis, they're just insane." They both glanced inside and watched Pepper slapping Tony with pillows and May half asleep on the couch.
Peter grimaced. "Shouldn't we be the ones partying? Since we're the youngest and all."
MJ shrugged. "They're children."
All of a sudden MJ screamed and jumped onto Peter. Peter quickly went into action, "What is it? What's wrong!?" MJ pointed down at the ground at a spider that was crawling up her leg but that was now on the ground. "Really MJ? You scared the shit out of me. It's only a spider."
"It's gross." MJ grimaced, moving the spider with her foot.
"I'm part spider," Peter cried in disbelief.
"Please don't remind me of that," MJ scoffed.
Peter continued to watch MJ poke the spider with her foot with a disgusted look on her face. "Leave it alone! That spider's harmless! It won't do anything!"
"Yeah," MJ agreed, then continued to step on the spider, "It sure the fuck won't!"
Peter gaped at her, "I am hurt. That could have been my cousin."
Peter and MJ then sat in comfortable silence, relishing the peacefulness of the night, something that didn't occur often in their lives. Well, it was comfortable silence for MJ, but Peter was still grieving over the spider murder MJ had committed. The winter air blew roughly through the air and Peter noticed MJ shiver before he embraced her and pulled her to his side. MJ rolled her eyes at the gesture but silently smiled. "Let's go inside" Peter murmured.
Once the two made their way inside, the scent of champagne immediatly wafted towards the two. Peter grimaced and Michelle frowned, clearly unimpressed.
"PETEYYYY!" Pepper squealed in joy once she saw that Peter had re-emerged from the balcony. She quickly dropped her pillows and tripped over to him, drunkingly. She then fell into Peter in which Peter with wide eyes caught her and chuckled awkwardly.
Tony stood up from his spot on the couch. "Pep!" he whined, "I was enjoying you acting all feisty. Last time you acted like this Morgan was conceived."
MJ crossed her arms and rolled her eyes, "Your son is literally sleeping in the room 50 feet away," MJ gestured, "is it your goal to corrupt him?"
Tony shrugged, "He's a Stark."
Peter turned a bright shade of red and MJ shook her head and scoffed. "Mhmmm." Pepper sighed in exhaustion and drunkenness, "I like Peter better..."
Peter bit his sleep and slowly lowered Pepper onto the adjacent couch next to May, where the two began to doze off in their drunkenness. Tony shrugged and stood up to the kitchen to take a drink of water.
"How drunk are you guys?" Michelle asked, staring down at May and Pepper.
"Those two," Tony said pointing to the two grown women dozing off on the couch, "are very wasted. They drank all my champagne."
"And you?" MJ questioned, raising an eyebrow.
"I swore off alcohol ages ago, you probably weren't even born yet." Tony smirked. MJ rolled her eyes, growled and looked up at Peter who was still staring at May half-awake half-asleep on the couch.
"Last time I drank this much alcohol was when I got married. That night was crazy. Ben and I tried to do these different positions and I alm-" May groaned, trying to stand up, but failing miserably.
"Ok time to go home." Peter quickly interrupted, clapping his hands. He slowly approached May an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
May Parker & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & May Parker
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanoff

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Pregnancy
Romance
Family
Hurt
Comfort
Adventure
Reuniting

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
May Parker & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & May Parker
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanoff

