Work Text:
Eddie stared at the ceiling, with its long trails of water damage that were visible even in the half-light. He couldn’t sleep. His apartment never got properly dark. Then, upstairs, people were yelling at each other. Outside was the usual cacophony: cars, drunken yelling, a cat screeching. The shatter of broken glass. Was his insomnia the result of recent events too absurd to describe, or was his symbiote keeping him awake? Either way, he could really go for a straight eight hours. Or even six would do.Next door, a gentle, rhythmic bumping noise was joined by the murmur of voices. First one, and then another. Great. His neighbours were fucking. And here was Eddie, staring at the ceiling like an idiot. It was officially six months since he’d exploded his career, his relationship, and any hope of a normal life. Six months and two days since he’d gotten any action from someone who wasn’t himself. Not that he was counting. It would be really sad to count, as if his whole life were defined by Anne’s presence or absence. Eddie could download Tinder any time he wanted. He had options. He was choosing not to exercise those options.Fine, he was lonely.‘Hey,’ he said softly into the room. ‘You up?’
Obviously.
‘Do you even sleep?’
I enter a rest period.
‘Ever get insomnia?’When you do. Venom sounded accusatory.‘Sorry, man. I was just thinking about—’ 
Anne. I know.
‘I wasn’t thinking about her. I was thinking about, you know… something else.’
Human reproduction.
‘Not looking to reproduce,’ Eddie mumbled.You should spread your genetic material, Venom advised. I myself have reproduced many times.‘Too much information,’ said Eddie. ‘How do you even fuck, anyway?’Instead of replying, Venom plastered a series of graphic images across the inside of Eddie’s skull; a montage of writhing, dividing, slimy flesh, coming together and merging like putty, and then dividing again, leaving small, dark caterpillars behind. He watched, fascinated.‘You do that for fun?’
It is a biological imperative. For survival.
‘No kidding.’ He paused, wondering if Venom could read his mind. ‘Can you read my mind?’ he asked.No, Venom said. He sounded disappointed. I can sense your emotions.‘If I get hurt, can you feel that?’I would never let you get hurt, Eddie. We’re friends. Venom drew out the word friends with unnerving emphasis.‘Say I burn myself. Or stub my toe.’You are clumsy, agreed Venom.‘I asked can you feel it, not am I dumb enough to do it,’ Eddie said.
I can feel it. Very small, like a thought in the back of my mind.
‘Just like I feel you,’ Eddie said quietly. The thought that had been germinating suddenly came to fruition.  ‘Hey, Venom...’Yeeeees? Eddie could hear the toothy grin. ‘You know that means I’m never gonna get laid ever again without you listening in?’No need to be shy, Eddie, said Venom. We’re friends. Reproduction is perfectly normal.‘It’s not about reproduction,’ said Eddie, trying to explain. ‘Sex is private.’ Venom made a sound, elicited a feeling in Eddie, that was something very like a shrug. 
Are you shy?
‘I’m not shy. I’m thirty-six years old. I’m just, you know, can we figure out some kind of privacy arrangement?’
Do you even understand how this works?
‘Great,’ said Eddie, miserably. ‘I can’t even jerk off without an audience.’
You can’t what?
‘It’s, uh, practice. For reproduction.’You need to practice? Venom laughed his sonorous, resonant laugh. Eddie… you are a loser.‘Fine!’ Eddie said, much too loudly. ‘It’s not practice, okay. It’s just a thing humans like to do. Alone.’ He put emphasis on the last word.Venom didn’t reply. When he was quiet, and when he wasn’t shooting giant fucking tentacles out of Eddie’s body, Eddie couldn’t much feel his presence. Occasionally there was a flicker of something: of anger, of hunger. Right now there was nothing. So maybe Eddie had pissed him off. Or—and this was a thought that Eddie had not had before—perhaps he had hurt Venom’s feelings. He lay there, staring at the ceiling and listening to the couple banging next door. She was making a lot of noise. The blood came up his neck and face a little. And then a little more, now he knew that Venom would be able to feel it too. Eddie swallowed. He was feeling too warm. He always felt too warm these days, metabolism running on overdrive to keep both him and Venom alive. Twisting awkwardly, he pulled his sweaty t-shirt off and let it fall to the floor. The air in his apartment was humid and very still. A takeout menu made a makeshift fan, and he wafted some air across his face and chest. There was a low sound from the apartment over, and someone’s hand slapped against the wall. Next door, Eddie thought, some lucky fuck was balls deep, and here he was worrying about offending his alien parasite.He was half-hard, for the first time since Venom’s presence had consumed his life and his waking thoughts. They had reached an accord now. Eddie’s body, while not entirely his own, was stable. He was no longer persona non grata at the ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Tentacle Dick
Masturbation
Overhearing Sex
Alien Sex
Internal Conflict

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

