Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When her soulmark comes in, Toni Stark blinks at the emblem of a shield wrapped in the hollow of her wrist.One of the rare ones, her soulmark is recognised instantly, because it’s a mark ingrained into American culture. The circle and the star are unmistakable—anyone can know it for what it is. She lifts her head to stare at her mother, bewildered. Beside her, Jarvis has stilled.Howard’s voice is gruff. “Let’s see it, then.”Her mother takes hold of her fingers, clutches them so tight Toni’s not sure who’s shaking worse. “Maybe tomorrow, at the party,” Maria says to her husband.But Howard frowns at them. He reaches forward and rips her sleeve when he sees it. Toni flinches back as her father drinks himself into a furious, jealous stupor, but he teaches her to wrap up the mark. He does it for her, warning her that the press are vultures, the strip of cloth straining around her wrist so tight that Toni feels slightly faint.Later that night, her mother loosens the bandage, but Toni never takes it off...She lives her life as if she’s dancing on the edge of a knife.Toni loves and hates everything around her. She’s careless and careful as she takes over Stark Industries, turning the world into her playground. They say women can’t have it all, so Toni sets out to show them that she can. She sleeps around, she builds things until her bandage rubs her wrist raw, she works, and she plays. Toni drinks, laughs, bares her teeth as one by one, all of her secrets are peeled away from her and laid out on display in newsstands. The only secret they can never get is the one laid in her wrist.Until Afghanistan happens and everything changes.Toni Stark is taken into the cave and Iron Woman takes her out. Obadiah tries to kill her, and the world shifts in that way it had when she found out her parents and Jarvis died. Toni Stark chokes on her own blood, as Obadiah crushes her heart, and Iron Woman saves her again.Iron Woman saves everyone, and Toni begins to think she just might be a hero.When Steve Rogers is lifted out of the ice, he has a circular scrawl pressed into his throat.Toni recognises it instantly, her breath catching as she stares at the TV screen. There’s an inordinate amount of hope pounding in her heart as the reporters try to identify the soulmark, in vain.“Can’t remember the pattern...” one reporter is saying.Christine Everhart eyes Steve Rogers, her gaze narrowed. “I don’t know,” she says, her voice echoing in the mic. “I feel like I’ve seen it before somewhere. What do you think it could be? Tweet us now with your thoughts.”It’s her arc reactor.Toni stares at Steve Rogers, the man out of time. He sits awkwardly at the press conference, too big and uncomfortable in modern clothing. The collar is loose at his neck and Toni sees her arc reactor rising and falling with every breath he takes.When he speaks, she’s spellbound, ignoring her board members in the meeting. All attention is on her soulmate. That’s him, Toni thinks.Toni doesn’t tell him first, when they finally meet, wanting desperately to be chosen for herself for once.New York happens, and aliens pour from the skies and Toni saves the day.“We won,” Steve says breathlessly when she wakes, gasping, her ears still ringing from Hulk’s roar.Her soulmark burns, a pleasant hum. Toni stares at her arc reactor pulsing at his neck, gleaming in the red-gold of the sun. She opens her mouth to tell him, blood roaring in her ears.“Has anyone tried shawarma?”Okay, so the Avengers save the day. Toni eats shawarma and thinks she’s made a family out of this super-secret boy band. Who cares about the echoing emptiness of space she’d seen, when Steve looks at her like that? When Natasha talks to her, as Natasha and not Natalie? When Bruce listens to her ideas?Nothing happens for a long time, and then, all at once, everything happens.Like a sign, SHIELD falls apart and Ultron hacks his way violently out of her system, borne of warped magic and hatred that she never gave him. Jarvis dies, trying to protect them, and a part of Toni fractures, leaves her choking on her grief. Something within this super-secret boy band of hers, so tentative and fragile from the very beginner, splinters.And Lagos happens and the Accords and—And then Steve Rogers slams her father's shield into her chest, her heart, her throat, and shatters her bones with only the strength a super soldier can have. A super soldier, borne from the serum her father created, Toni thinks, struck by a sudden urge to laugh hysterically. The shield falls into her throat briefly, before he pulls it back up quickly.Steve breaks her suit apart, leaves her to die in a frozen wasteland.Her suit is failing on her, Toni knows. It will shut down soon. She has barely enough power left, as it is.Scrabbling, she lifts her left hand and, blood rushing in her ears, Toni slams her blade into her wrist viciously.She tears her flesh, ripping apart the soul mark with a dwindling strength.Something fractures apa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Angst
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Flashbacks
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Issues
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Maria Hill
Maria Hill is a Good Bro
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Emotional Baggage
Platonic Relationships
Mental Health Issues
Depression
Loneliness
Lonely Tony Stark
Slow Build
Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Sad with a Happy Ending
Triggers
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
None
