Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text

It was a pretty normal day, if he was being honest. It was a vacation day for him, he had the entire week off. He didn’t get those often. Being a Colonel and War Machine and all that.

He wouldn’t really call it a vacation though. The reason he was off was because the Rogue Avengers were moving back into the Tower and he didn’t want Tony to be by himself during the transition. Pepper had a business trip in Japan so she couldn’t stay to referee any fighting. So Rhodey was staying at the Tower with Tony for the week.

It was late afternoon-early evening and Rhodey had decided to go for a walk since things had simmered down for the day. He missed the days of being able to go for runs, but there was no use wallowing in the past. He didn’t hold a grudge against Vision or Sam, or anyone else for that matter. And he had made his choice to fight beside Tony.

So he walked with his head held high.

About 15 minutes into his walk he heard a yell, a scream, a gunshot, more screaming, and then saw a guy run out of an alleyway just ahead of him a few seconds later.

Before he could chase after the man he heard a woman screaming, “Help! Somebody please help!”

Rhodey decided to deal with the criminal later and jogged to the alley he came out of.

When he entered he found a young woman leaning over a kid, who couldn’t have been older than 15, maybe 16 at the oldest. The kid had a gunshot wound in his abdomen and was laying in a growing pool of red.

“Help! Please he’s been shot!” The woman sobbed.

“Okay, okay. Call 911.” Rhodey instructed her. He pulled off his jacket and pushed it against the gaping wound in the kid’s stomach after making sure the bullet didn’t go completely through.

“Hey kid, you with me?” Rhodey asked.

The kid’s eyes opened to reveal two huge brown orbs and he looked at Rhodey, “Holy shit.”

“Yeah, you’ve been shot, kid.”

“No no. You’re Colonel Rhodes!” The kid nearly screeched, as if he didn’t even care that there was a bullet lodged somewhere in his body.

Rhodey laughed, “Yeah, but that’s not really important right now. We gotta get you some help. What’s your name?”

“P-Peter.”

“Hey Peter.” Rhodey noticed Peter’s color draining and breaths becoming shallow, “Hey, kid, stay with me. Come on, help is coming. Do you have someone I can call?”

Peter nodded and opened his mouth, but then closed it again.

“Come on, Peter, I need to call someone.”

Peter felt sweat forming on his forehead and he began to feel light, “’E’s g’na be so p’ssed.” He groaned but then winced when the noise sent a shock wave of pain through his torso.

“Who?” Rhodey asked.

“T-T’ny.” Peter’s eyes fluttered closed.

“Tony?”

“Dad.” Peter choked out as he began to cough up blood.

Rhodey patted his cheek, “Come on, kid. Wake up. I need a name, Peter. Come on. Stay awake.”

Peter’s eyes opened again, but he didn’t answer. Instead he reached into his pocket for his phone. Rhodey didn’t really take notice that it was a brand new StarkPhone. But what he did notice was that the kid pressed a button the phone shouldn’t have had.

Immediately, the screen lit up red and a voice came from it seconds later.


“Peter? What’s wrong? This better not be another test or I swear-“


“Tony?”

A beat.


“Rhodey?”


Another beat.

“Why does a random child have a panic button directly connected to you?”


“Is Peter there? Is he okay? What happened?”


Rhodey figured answering him was more important than learning the kid’s identity at the moment, “Kid’s got a gsw to the abdomen and losing blood quick. Or… he was? It looks like it’s slowing down. Medics are almost here.”


“I’m assuming he’s in normal clothing?”


“Yes?”


“That explains it. Okay, the medics can’t help him. I’m already almost there. Don’t let them touch him.”


“Tony-“

The line went dead.

Tony and the ambulance showed up at the same time. He quickly shooed them off telling them he knew the victim and that they’d be better treated in the Tower.

“Hey honeybear. I see you met the kid.” Tony said as he walked towards him and Peter, his helmet melting away.

“Who is he?”

Tony leaned down to examine Peter, running an armored hand through the boy’s hair. Rhodey noticed the soft but panicked expression Tony held, and how the kid leaned into his touch.

“I’ll explain later, I gotta get him to Cho. Help out with the police here and come back when you’re finished. I’ll tell you everything.”

Rhodey nodded and Tony quickly scooped up Peter.

“Let’s go for a little ride, huh bud?” Peter didn’t answer but curled against the older man. The Iron Man helmet took form around Tony’s head once more and they took off into the sky.

—————-

Tony sat in the hallway of the MedBay waiting for Dr. Cho to finish up with Peter. The bullet was lodged right next to his spine so it took longer than it would have for them to remove the bullet.

Rhodey came down to see Tony leaning against the wall with his head in his hands.

“He still in surgery?” He asked.

Tony looke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Iron Dad fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
dad tony
Spider-Man - Freeform
Fluff
Family Fluff
Family Feels
Awesome Tony Stark
Tony Stark acting as Peter Parker’s parental figure
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark is Peter Parker’s dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

