Chapter 1: Mortal Women Were Made For Fucking
    




Chapter Text

 Hands on his hips, Loki beamed at the Winter Soldier's handy work before him, impressed. Dead American soldiers, their faces frozen in horror, death seeping from their gaping eyes, littered the bloody ground. He smiled, pleased with his new comrade."Shall we finish the wounded, my lord?" The Winter Soldier asked the God of Mischief, stroking his weapon with eager anticipation. Loki was his new master now. He had found him wandering alone and lost in foggy memories a few months after rescuing the hero called Captain America. Loki had offered to ease his mind and Bucky accepted. With the flick of a blue flame, Bucky's memories faded, his emotions fled, and he was once again the Winter Soldier. Together they embarked on a journey that would end with Loki hailing as king and the Winter Soldier doing what he loved; warring. "Lead the way." Loki sneered as a gust of chilly wind from the north clamored the acrid odor of leaking guts, spreading it about the air. The stench did not seem to faze the Winter Soldier.Nonchalantly, Loki strolled behind the Winter Soldier as he blasted a bloody trail through the flaming building slaughtering everyone in their path. He kicked in a door, scanned the smoky room, and was about to turn when a faint whimper captured his attention. The warlords shoved a huge filing cabinet aside expecting to find a cowering mortal warrior, surprised to discover a young woman shivering beneath the rubble. She wore a little sundress, obviously a civilian caught in the crossfire.With arms wrapped around her body as if trying to shield herself, the petite woman peered up at the bellicose warriors. They glared at her, their eyes stalking her predatorily. Time seemed to stop, the room silent except for the pounding of her petrified heart.Suddenly she cried out, closing her eyes as the Winter Soldier aimed his gun directly at her pretty face."No, no" Loki snapped, shoving the gun down by the palm of his hand.The Winter Soldier watched as Loki squatted beside the terrified beauty. She opened her eyes, tears blooming, meeting his sadistic gaze. Loki seductively feathered a finger down the hollow of her cheek admiring the fear bubbling in her sultry cat-shaped eyes.He continued speaking to the Winter Soldier in his usual low menacing voice. "Mortal women are not sport." His sensual demeanor erratically evolving as he seized a fistful of the woman's hair, wrenching her to her feet and up against his virile body. "They were made for fucking."Bucky smirked with disinterest. He was made to kill and killing was his only pleasure. His only lust was bloodlust.Loki read his thoughts. "I have much to teach you. You... WE... are going to enjoy this."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Bucky Barnes/OFC

freeform: 
Smut
Sex Slave
Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Loki Teaches Winter Soldier a Lesson
Oral Sex
Fucking
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Captured Mortal
Loki and Winter Soldier Share a Mortal Woman
Threesome - F/M/M
Bucky Fucks Hard
Loki Can Be Nice
dark smut
Degrading to Women
Minor Violence
forced bondage
Loki Porn
Loki fandom - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Bucky Barnes/OFC

