Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text

Tony’s sitting in his lab working on fixing DUM-E’s claw, because 

somehow, 

the bot managed to break off one of it’s digits while Tony wasn’t looking. He didn’t even asked FRIDAY how it happened, just told her that if DUM-E tried to do whatever it was again, to let him know.

There’s a sudden vibrating next to him, and he spares a glance to see that it’s his phone with a new text message. He sets down his current tool and checks his phone to see if it’s Peter or Pepper, because if not then it can wait.

It’s not either of them.

But this person certainly can NOT wait.

He quickly opens the text.

Aunt Hottie: 

Hey, can you do me a favor?


Me: 

Of course, is everything okay?


Aunt Hottie: 

Yes, everything’s fine. 


Aunt Hottie:

 Do you remember how we agreed to have you down as Peter’s second emergency contact at the school?


Me: 

Yes


Aunt Hottie: 

Well, there’s a problem.


Me: 

Whose ass do I need to kick


Aunt Hottie: 

Tony.


Me: 

Sorry, what’s the problem


Aunt Hottie: 

The school doesn’t believe that Peter actually knows you, they even gave Peter detention because they thought he was trying to “take his internship lie too far”. I didn’t even know that nobody believed him.


Aunt Hottie: 

And when I went down there to try and straighten it out, they didn’t believe me either, and told me to stop encouraging Peter.


Tony felt white hot anger flash through his veins. Not only were these people punishing Peter for telling the truth, but they were straight up insulting the kid’s aunt.

Oh hell no.
Me: So what you’re saying is everything is not okay and that I do need to kick some ass
Aunt Hottie:

 I’m asking you to please go to the school tomorrow and correct the problem. It’s the beginning of the school year and Peter is already in trouble. I would go with you but I have to be at work at 6 am.


Me:

 No problem, I’ll see to it that everything gets sorted out.


Aunt Hottie:

 Thank you, Tony.


Me:

 No problemo



***


The next day Tony walked into the office of Midtown Tech as 11:30 am sharp. He didn’t call ahead for a meeting. He wanted to catch everyone off guard. Off their game.

And that’s exactly what he did.

Walking in the office, he spots a woman behind a desk slash counter looking thing. She’s probably in her late 30′s to early 40′s and gives off a very soccer mom-ish vibe.

“Excuse me Ms-” Tony looks down to the name tag on her desk, “Rhodes? Hi.” He flashes his fake paparazzi smile at the woman, and when she looks up at him its like her brain short circuits, because she’s silent for a good 7 seconds.

Tony counted.

“Um, h-hi, sir, uh, M-Mr. Stark.” She stands, brushing out her skirt then trying  (and failing) to discreetly fix her hair, “H-How may I help you?”

“I would like to speak to the principle. I don’t have an appointment. I hope that’s not a problem.”

“Oh! I’m sure it won’t be a problem at all! Just a moment!” And the woman who Tony has already forgotten the name of scurries to the back of the office and disappears into a hallway.

While he waits, Tony stands there looking around at the bland looking office and shudders.

He would drop dead before having to repeat school.

Then a voice from behind him pulls him out of his thoughts, “Mr. Stark?”

Tony whips around to see Peter standing in the doorway, “Hey kiddo, shouldn’t you be in class?”

“Shouldn’t you be at the compound?”

He waves a hand dismissively, “I should be a lot of places. But 

you,” 

He points a finger at the teenager, “Should be in class.”

“Actually I was headed to lunch, but Ned saw you through the office windows while we were walking.” At the mention of his best friend, Peter jerked his head to the side, and Tony then notices the kid’s friend outside the office looking like he was going to explode with excitement.

“Right. Well. I’m just here to sort something out, don’t worry about it ki-”

“Mr. Stark?”

Tony then turns to see what must be the school’s principal, “Yes, hello. Principle Morita is it?”

Tony walks forwards and extends a hand to shake the other man’s when he notices Morita looking behind him. But before he can ask, Morita speaks up, “Was this student bothering you? I apologize. He should be at lunch right now and,” Morita pointedly looks at Peter, making him curl in on himself, “

not 

looking for more trouble.”

Tony has to steel himself to hold back the remark he has for this man.

Instead he just says, “Actually, Peter is the reason I’m here.”

At this, Morita stumbles on his words, and finally utters a, “What?”

“Peter, come here please.” Tony reaches out an arm and Peter did as he was told, and when he got into Tony’s reach, Tony pulled him close with his arm around Peter’s shoulders, “Peter’s aunt notified me yesterday that there is a slight problem with you believing that a) he is my intern and b) I am his second emergency contact. She also told me that such problems led to disciplinary action, which I have to say, I’m not exac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
dad tony
Spider-Man - Freeform
Fluff
Family Feels
Iron Dad fluff
spiderson
Family Fluff
Awesome Tony Stark
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark acting as Peter Parker’s parental figure
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark is Peter Parker’s dad
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

