Work Text:
What Eddie misses the most is some goddamned privacy.“Seriously, dude,” he says as he flops onto the couch, “you can’t, like, fuck off somewhere for half an hour?”“You don’t need half an hour to rub one out,” the voice in his head rumbles with amusement.Eddie fumes. He can’t argue with that, but that doesn’t mean he can’t pout about it. “Venom, it’s been weeks.”“Has it?”“Yeah.” Eddie shifts on the couch and lets out a huff. He’s horny as fuck, and Venom has made it near impossible for him to get laid.“Hey,” Venom interrupts his thoughts, “don’t blame your lack of game on me. Besides, I think you’re just holding out for Anne.”Eddie groans. Right, fucking symbiote can read his every thought. But his words also strike a chord so hard it shocks Eddie to his fingertips.Annie.The one person he loved more than anything in the world. The one person he can’t have.With a grunt, Eddie collapses onto the couch and stretches out his legs. “Shut up.”He lies on the lumpy cushions, one hand draped over his eyes, and takes deep, calming breaths. He's dangerous and unpredictable, and he's the last thing Annie needs in her perfect life with her perfect boyfriend. He still loves her, will probably always love her, and staying away is the best thing he can do for her. Though, she's no longer the centre of his universe. No longer the one occupying his every waking moment. Venom slithers beneath his skin. It should be disconcerting but it isn't. Eddie lifts his hand and peers at the alien head floating inches from his. God, Venom isn't exactly the definition of beauty, but Eddie doesn’t find the jagged teeth and slimy skin revolting. If anything, he’s starting to appreciate the gaping grin and Venom’s ever-shifting brows when he’s amused.“I can help you,” Venom says, and his smile grows so wide his face nearly splits in half.Eddie’s eyes widen. “I’m sorry, what?”Venom floats closer, and his body materializes in front of the couch. “When you’re...horny, I feel it too. It’s strange, and it’s putting me on edge.”“It’s putting  you  on edge?” Eddie sputters, his voice laced with indignation.“You are me, and I am you.” Venom slithers closer, and a talon traces down Eddie’s jaw.Eddie swallows, and something warm and familiar replaces his shock. His dick twitches, and Eddie sucks a sharp breath as Venom chuckles.“I feel everything you feel, Eddie,” Venom continues. “Your pain is my pain. Your pleasure”—something warm and wet and slick grazes Eddie’s cock inside his boxers—“is my pleasure.” His silhouette shimmers, and the symbiote shudders even as he squeezes Eddie’s balls with surprising tenderness.Eddie gasps and tenses, his hips thrusting toward that warmth that’s himself yet isn’t. “V-Venom, what the fuck are you doing?”“You’re horny so I’m horny.” Venom shrugs, or the blob of his shoulders does something like a shrug. “We’re all each other’s got.  We  need no one else.”    Possessiveness washes over Eddie. So powerful and immediate and crushing it knocks the air from his lungs. He wants to protest out of principle, but a new voice that’s not him or Venom stops him. Would it really be so bad? How’s this any different from jerking it himself? Venom’s a part of him now, so doesn’t that kind of make this whole thing just another type of self-loving?And Eddie...Eddie wants this. As much as he thinks this is fifty shades of fucked up and really, really weird, he’s grown attached to Venom. Grown dependent on him in more ways than he cares to admit.Warmth pours into Eddie like a chocolate fountain, thick and sweet and so very sinful. It takes Eddie a moment to understand, and when he finally does, his chest aches with a burst of unadulterated joy.Venom’s pleased. He wants this. And not just as a physical relief for Eddie.Holy shit. Holy shit holy shit holy shit. This makes it so much more than just masturbation. Eddie’s heart races, but his mind blanks when that cupping warmth squeezes his erection again. Christ, Venom knows exactly where his buttons are. Maybe he has been paying attention when Eddie jerked off in the showers.“Y-you know,” Eddie gasps between shallow breaths. “You should ask before getting your slimy fingers on another man’s dick.”Venom grins. “You’re not another man. You’re  Eddie. You’re  mine.”Without warning, black tentacles slither beneath the waistband of Eddie’s jeans and underwear and yanks. Eddie hisses from the drag of denim on his skin, but the pain only heightens the constant pressure between his legs, and his cock fills to full mast.Holy shit.“I haven’t been on this planet for long, but I think I’ve got this figured out.” Venom’s voice wraps around him, and Eddie can’t tell if he’s speaking in his head or out loud.And he doesn’t care, because that warm pressure around his cock squeezes harder, and the touch grows hotter and hotter until his skin is on fire. Venom shifts down his body, and Eddie can feel each tentacle of alien matter sprouting from his skin.Cool air hits his chest, and he has a fleeti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Tongues
Venom's tongue
Symbiotic Relationship
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
post venom movie
minor venom movie spoiler
tentacle throat fucking
Rimming
I saw the movie and two hours later this filth was born

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

