Work Text:
Peter was excited, and tired. He had played Mario Kart with Clint, friggin' Hawkeye. So of course he couldn't just keep quiet about it."Dude, you played Mario Kart with Hawkeye? That's so cool!" Ned squeals happily, somewhat quietly."Really? You're hanging with more super-hero's, not just Tony Stark? So cool." Flash says snarkily, walking right behind the two."Shut up, Flash. It's really not any of your business." Ned says, walking faster in an attempt to get away from the bully."Why would it be none of my business if you guys are just talking about the stupid 'internship' to get attention? But now you're hanging out with the Avengers and playing Mario Kart? You're just thirsty for attention, just admit it." Flash snorts. "Just leave us alone, Flash." Peter says, rolling his eyes as he went to class. He was about done with Flash bullying him, but he couldn't respond with physical violence. So he could talk back, right?"Ooo, Penis grew some balls to go with his nickname." Flash taunts as the two nerds hurried into the classroom.The rest of the school wasn't very fun for Peter, Flash taunting the poor boy whenever he could. Little did Flash know, Clint was going to surprise Peter by picking him up, after learning that Tony didn't pick his own kid up."Please. Stop. It." Peter says, pleading as Flash taunted him out the door."Oh shut it, Penis. You just don't want to hear the truth." Flash snarled as he follows Peter outside."Pete! I was wondering when you were going to get out. I was waiting like, five minutes for you." Clint says with a smile, waving the boy over when he saw Peter. He wasn't as happy as he let on, though. He heard what that bully was calling Peter."Clint? What are you doing here?" Peter asks, Flash looking shocked."I was taking a walk, and it was a nice day out, so I thought you'd want to walk home with me." Clint says, trying his hardest not to glare or look at Flash when the bully came over."H-Hawkeye, sir, h-how much does it c-cost to make you p-pretend to know me?" Flash stutters. "Sorry, I don't do stuff like that. I'm not that easy to bribe when it comes to family." Clint says, resisting the urge to smirk at the look on Flash's face. Peter was slightly confused, but kept his trap shut. He wasn't family, sure he guessed he was close to Tony, but he had only known Clint for a couple of days."B-but Pen- Peter here can't be your family! He's too wimpy. So how much? 3,000, 5,000, what?" Flash asks, gaining some confidence and believing more that this was a big joke."I already said that I don't take bribes. Come on, Pete. Lets get out of here." Clint says, turning and starting to walk back to the Tower, Peter having no choice but to follow the archer."Didja really mean what you said back there?" Peter asks curiously after they were a couple blocks away from the school."Of course, Pete. Don't take my words too lightly." Clint says as the pair walked."... But I'm not your family, Clint." Peter says slowly, wondering for a split second if Natasha gave Clint brain damage or something.Clint huffs as if he was offended. "I think I'm close enough to Tony to at least qualify as 'uncle'." Clint says, crossing his arms and getting ready to defend his title.Peter opened his mouth to ask why the hell Clint thought Tony was his dad, but an explosion a couple buildings down distracted the both of them."Pete, stay here." Clint says, serious. It kinda freaked Peter out with how serious Clint seemed. Peter knew he'd just be helping out as Spider-Man in a couple of minutes, so he just nodded as Clint sprinted off to see what had happened.And true to Peter's thought process, he was in the Spider-Man suit, Karen instructing him on what to do as he helped Hawkeye take down the bad guys. Turns out not all of the alien technology had been recovered after the Homecoming incident. Luckily it was just idiots handling the tech, though."Thanks, Spider-Dude." Peter heard a witness say after he and Hawkeye took down the idiots, and he wanted so badly to correct the man, but Clint was standing right there and he didn't want to say anything that would make Clint connect the dots. He was already lucky that nobody recognized his voice from the airport."Yeah, thanks." Clint says, not really sure if he could trust Spider-Dude or not. Peter just nodded and back flipped out of a window, swinging his way the other direction of where Clint told him to stay. Oh boy, how was he going to get back before Clint?Clint was slightly confused on why Spider-Man hadn't talked that much, he thought the superhero was a chatter-box at the airport. Maybe not. He didn't think too much of it, he had a nephew(?) to get back to."Peter?" Clint calls out when he got back to the place he had left said boy. Tony would kill him if he lost his kid. "Pete?" He calls out again."Right here, sorry." Peter says, coming from the direction of where the explosion had been."Where did you go? Don't tell me you were playing hero." Clint says, raising an eye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Awesome Clint Barton
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter just wants to help out
Flash is a dick
Flash is a bully
but do I really need to tag that
probably not
steve is a good cook

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

