Work Text:

All of the Avengers were sitting in the common room playing Wii Sports in an attempt at team bonding. Everyone was split into two teams. 
 
Tony, Rhodey, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor versus Clint, Wanda, Vision, Steve, Bucky, and Sam
 
Currently they were playing a game of bowling, which Clint kept complaining about because “I’m good at real bowling! This game is rigged!”
 
“You all have an extra person on your team and you still suck.” Natasha taunted. 
 
Thor was about to roll when a loud 

thud 

was heard behind them. 
 
Everyone turned to see Spider-Man laying on the floor, one of the windows to the room opened. 
 
Tony shot out of his seat, running towards him.
 
“Kid??”
 
“Heeey,” Peter drew out the word. 
 
“Are you okay?” Tony kneeled down next to him. 
 
“Uh, yeah. Think so?” A beat, “Why ‘m I here?”
 
Tony raised an eyebrow, “I was going to ask the same question.”
 
“Um, what is Spider-Man doing on the floor?” Wanda asked. 
 
“A better question is, how the hell did he get in here?” Steve said as he stood, walking toward the two. 
 
Tony ignored them, “Pete, what happened?” He asked, tapping the boy’s face. 
 
Peter’s head rolled back over to look at him, “Oh hey m’ster T’ny!” He exclaimed, his words slurring together, “W’a’s up?” He looked around, “How’d I get here?”
 
A knot formed in Tony’s stomach. He didn’t remember falling through the window 60 seconds ago? 
 
“Peter, are you hurt?”
 
“Uhhhh,” Peter mumbled, but seemed to forget Tony’s question entirely. 
 
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve asked as he kneeled down on the opposite side of Peter. 
 
“Good question. FRIDAY, connect to Karen. Figure out what happened.” 
 
Sam leaned over to Bucky, “Who’s Karen?” He whispered. 
 
Bucky shrugged, then pushed him off the couch. 
 
Ignoring the thud of Sam’s body hitting the floor, Tony pulled off Peter’s mask. 
 
“My mask!” Peter yelped when he felt the cool air hit his face, reaching for the red material now in Tony’s hands. 
 
“Sorry Pete, you got yourself into this one. They’re just gonna have to know a little earlier than we planned.”
 
“Tony,” Steve said, his voice dangerously low, “Why is Spider-Man a twelve year old kid?”
 
“‘M six t’heen!” Peter yelled, struggling to say the word ‘sixteen’. He tried to sit up while also attempting to push Steve away. 
 
“Hey hey, settle down Underoos.” Tony gently pushed the kid back down on his back. 
 

“Karen has reported that Peter hit his head quite hard while on patrol, she then directed him here afterwards. Peter has a severe concussion and a fracture on the left side of his skull in the parietal bone.”

 
Tony leaned back, “Shit, kid.” He ran a hand down his face, “Bruce?” 
 
“Right here.” Bruce answered, having already walked their way when FRIDAY began relaying Karen’s information. He kneeled down next to Tony, “We need to get him down to the med bay so I can take images of his head. Make sure the swelling isn’t severe.”
 
Tony nodded, then looked at Steve, “Uh, can you-?”
 
“Yeah, sure.” Steve replied, and Tony briefly wondered if Steve could read his mind. He picked Peter up. 
 
“Whoa! America Rogers ‘s carryin’ me! This is the cooles’ and mos’ humiliating thing ever in my life.”
 
The three men stifled their laughter, “Yeah okay bud. We’re gonna take you down to the med bay so we can look at your head. Alright?”
 
“‘Kay.” Peter replied. He wrapped his arms around Steve and rested his head on the man’s chest, letting out a content sigh. 
 
Tony made a mental note to go back and get a picture of that from FRIDAY’s security footage. 
 
When they got to the med bay, Steve laid Peter on the bed of the CT machine. He and Tony worked to get the suit off, much to Peter’s chagrin. 
 
“You can’t wear the suit in the machine.” Tony told him. 
 
“But m’ster captain’s g’nna see me naked!”
 
“No he’s not. You’ll still have your boxers, kiddo.”
 
Peter only grunted in response. 
 
When Bruce finished his scans, they took him to a normal room, changing him into sweats and a shirt. 
 
Peter closed his eyes, “I think ‘m gonna take a nap.”
 
“No no, Peter. You gotta stay awake. No sleeping just yet .” Bruce spoke from a desk next to Peter’s bed. 
 
“Daaaaad.” Peter complained, turning his head to Tony. 
 
Steve nearly choked, “

Dad??

”
 
Tony shrugged, “Yeah why not.”
 
“Gotta call May.” Peter said. 
 
“I’ve already called her, bud. You’re gonna stay the night here.”
 
“Yay!” His hands shot in the air. 
 
Tony looked to Steve again, “You can head back up if you want. I think we’re good. Thanks for helping out.” 
 
“No problem.” Steve smiled, “But don’t think you’re out of the woods. We need to talk about,” he motioned towards Peter, “this.”
 
Tony rolled his eyes, “Sure thing, Cap. Let’s just not tell everyone I have a kid quite yet.”
 
Steve nodded, then turned, leaving the room. 
 

“Hey, Mr Man, where- no wait, Iron Stark, no, no, not right, Iron Dad- oh god, I, it’s- Stark Man, Tony Man, no, wait, I got this-“

 
Bruce chuckled, and Tony had to cover h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Iron Dad fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Confused Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
dad tony
Fluff
Family Fluff
Family Feels
Awesome Tony Stark
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark is Peter Parker's dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Domestic Avengers
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

