Work Text:
Four months after, well, everything, things have slowly settled into a rhythm. Eddie’s had his job back for close to ten weeks and he falls back easily into his old patterns: sleep in, work until he’s run out of leads for the day, get cheap take-out, and then fall asleep once exhaustion hits until he wakes to repeat the cycle all over again. It’s good for the most part. Familiar. Now that he’s got Venom with him, the loneliness of the routine doesn’t bother Eddie anymore. He’ll never be lonely again. Having to head into the less savory parts of the city to find something for Venom to satisfy his appetite with a few times a month doesn’t seem like a bad trade-off for that. 
The point is, it’s good. It works for them. Eddie didn’t really plan on anything to change in the near future, which is why one of his sources asking him out after their interview comes like such a surprise. She’s cute, in a librarian sort of way that Eddie can appreciate, and he agrees to meet her for drinks after a long moment of hesitation. It’s not that he doesn’t want to, but these days he has more than his own wants to consider. He and Venom are still getting used to each other, and so far Eddie has managed to avoid this particular subject, unsure of how to proceed. In all honesty, it didn’t even cross his mind. 
Venom is suspiciously quiet during the entire evening, and Eddie’s more unnerved by it than he should be, only half paying attention to what his date is saying. Their conversation, which this very morning flowed naturally, becomes stilted and awkward as a result, Eddie missing his cue to ask another question or even to answer one more than once. She grows more reserved as the evening goes on, and Eddie doesn’t blame her, exasperated with his own behavior. 
When she tells him she has an early start and should get going, he doesn’t put much effort in convincing her otherwise. She kisses him goodnight, which is honestly more than he deserves. Eddie is relieved to know he didn’t creep her out entirely, although he doubts they’re ever going to see each other again. Walking the mile or so it will take him to get home sounds like a decent idea just about then, and so he skips the bus stop, keeping his head down as he heads up the hill towards North Beach. He hasn’t taken more than ten steps when the unnerving silence in his own mind finally gets broken. 
She’s not a good kisser. 
Eddie snorts, kicks an empty can that’s right in his path. He’s practiced answering Venom in their head, but there’s little point now. A guy talking to himself doesn’t draw more than a hurried glance from anyone else around here. Business as usual. “How would you know? You never kissed anyone.” 
I kissed you. 
The answer gives Eddie pause, shakes something loose he’s not willing to examine too closely. It’s not like he didn’t suspect, Anne told him after all, but it still was nice to imagine that at least a little part of that night in the forest was her doing as well. 
You should be with Anne. We like Anne. 
“Yeah, well, she has someone.”  
Eddie likes Dan. It’s not easy to like the person the woman you love is sleeping with, but Dan is just way too decent a guy. It says a lot that Venom never once suggested to eat his head right off his shoulders so far.  
Venom drops the subject and Eddie is grateful, not looking to pick at the wounds their break-up struck anymore.  He doesn’t call back his date from that night, even though he thinks of shooting her a text to apologize, maybe even suggest to make it up to her if she’ll let him. It doesn’t seem like a good idea. He still wants to get back out there, if only to prove he hasn’t become a complete recluse, and luckily getting a hook-up these days is just a matter of the right bio and a few swipes, instead of trolling bars and chatting up strangers in the hope that they’ll give you the time of day. Or more accurately, night. Eddie’s a writer, it’s not like that shit is hard. 
He sticks to guys, wanting to avoid anything that could remind him of Anne for now, and thanks deities he’s never believed in that he even has that option. The guy he settles on is a couple of years younger than him, and a physiotherapist or something. Eddie has to be honest, he wasn’t really paying attention, more interested in the big hands, thick curls and the rumbling voice he gets treated to during the quick call as they figure out the good old ‘Your place or mine?’. 
Again, Venom is fairly quiet throughout the process, only piping up when Eddie is already on his way. Eddie swears he does it on purpose, taking pleasure in forcing him to either talk to himself or struggle to phrase the answers with nothing but his mind. 
This one is different. 
Eddie doesn’t see the point in deflecting. “He’s a guy.” 
A long pause, considering. Does that matter? 
“Not to me.” Do aliens even have the concept of gender? Eddie sighs. “This is a me thing again, okay?” 
It’s become sort of a code between them and Eddie snorts when he thinks ‘sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Alien Sex
Tentacle Sex

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

