Work Text:
After having the best dinner of his life, Peter decided to do a little patrolling. It had been a somewhat good day, nothing could go wrong, right?Wrong.Though his spidey sense was screaming at him, he hadn't moved during a mugging. Well, he wasn't getting mugged, some dude was. But he was Spider-Man, better him than anyone else.Still, he hadn't expected the spike of pain coursing through him when the knife plunged into his side. But he was Spider-Man. He had a whole building dropped onto him, the knife shouldn't hurt so bad.But it did.Peter still managed to take the mugger down, make sure the dude was okay to call the cops, and he even managed to swing back to his room in the Tower, all while ignoring Tony's frantic calls. He checked with Friday to see if it was safe to get to the medbay without anyone seeing him. But it wasn't.Peter had to think quickly, he couldn't let his secret identity get found out. It wasn't long before Tony came to his room, where Peter had already changed into his regular clothes, but didn't have the strength to make it down to the medbay."What have I told you about ignoring my calls, especially when you've been stabbed?" Tony asks, concern and worry heavy in his voice as he went over to the boy, who was leaning against his bed."Not to." Peter slurrs, feeling slightly faint."Right. We'll talk about this later." Tony says with a small sigh, carefully gathering Peter into his arms before heading to the medbay. They had found out that Peter wasn't exactly... Peter was very, very light. So Tony could easily lift the boy."Tony? What's wrong with Peter? Is he alright?" Steve came out of seemingly nowhere."No, he isn't. Outta my way." Tony hisses out as he made his way to the elevator, Steve following in with the genius. Bucky was going to follow in too, offended when the elevator was too fast for him."What happened? Who did this? Do I have to find whoever did this to Peter?" Steve started with the questions, worried for the poor boy."Pete can tell you all about it after he's not bleeding out, how about that?" Tony asks through grit teeth, hurrying out when the elevator finally delivered him to the medbay."Holy cr- what happened to the boy this time?" The doctor asks as Tony carefully set Peter onto the forever prepared bed, the poor crime fighting boy not looking too hot."I don't know the details, but it looks like he got stabbed. I dunno where he lost a lot of blood, but he definitely did. Steve get out." Tony says to the doctor, turning to Steve for the last part. He really didn't want the super soldier to know about Spider-Man just yet."What? Can't I be worried for Peter?" Steve asks, a frown present on his face. "He's not looking so good." he adds."You don't think I know that? You're crowding up the room." Tony says, knowing that was a lame excuse."Tony, this is one of the biggest rooms in the Tower." Steve says slowly. Bucky had arrived by then, taking his place by Steve."It is, Stark. Why can't we stay?" Bucky asks, frowning with a hint of worry."Because he's my kid and I don't want you down here." Tony says, running out of patience real quickly.Steve was going to argue with that, but Tony just admitted to having a kid. He guessed Tony was embarrassed about Peter or something, since the billionaire just kinda realized what he had said and went a little, tiny bit red."I-I mean he's a kid, he probably doesn't want you down here." Tony corrects himself. He had to remind himself that this was May's kid, he just had guardianship over him for now."Tony, it's alright. He's a great kid, you shouldn't think like that. It's alright, we'll come back later." Steve says with a hint of a smile. He honestly wondered why Tony didn't just want to fess up to having a kid, but he decided not to bring it up right now.Tony honestly didn't know what to say or how to react, Steve probably thought Peter was his kid now. Bucky too. He was silent as the two left, wondering how he was going to explain.".... Can I give him some of Mr. Rogers pain killers now? He really needs them." The doctor says after a couple minutes of silence. She had already hooked Peter up with a blood packet and an IV, but that wasn't going to do much if she didn't get him stitched up soon."Yeah, yes, go ahead." Tony says, really not liking how pale Peter looked. The doctor gave Peter Steve's pain killers, and got to work. It was about two hours before Peter was more coherent and knew what was going on. He looked better, too. Steve, Bucky, Sam and Rhodey were waiting outside the room worriedly. Clint and Natasha were out running errands, nobody really noticing just how long they had been gone."How is he?" Steve asks worriedly when Tony finally came out of the room."He's fine. Or, going to be fine. It was smaller than we thought it was." Tony says with a small sigh. "Why are you guys so worried? You've only known him for a few days." he says."Because he's..." Bucky trailed off, not really knowing the words to explain."First o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Worried Steve Rogers
All the Avengers are worried
Everyone still thinks that Peter is Tonys son
Tony has yet to correct them
Peter doesn't realize that everyone thinks he's Tony's son
Peter is apart of the superfamily

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

