Work Text:
The thing about having a symbiote in your head is that the fucker never gives you a moment of peace. Even when it’s ostensibly sleeping or recharging or hiding in your neurons or whatever, it’s still on, like a goddamn nightlight your kid won’t let you turn out in the hall.Not that Eddie has kids. Not like he ever can, now. Sorry, Daddy’s not mad at you, sweetie; it’s the mean old monster who lives inside him that wants to shake you apart and bite off your head.Pfffft, kids, fuck--these days, Eddie can’t get a damn date. Or, more like, he’s afraid to, because if there’s one thing he’s learned about Venom these past few months, it’s that the thing is a jealous bitch.Not a bitch. Don’t like that word, Eddie. Anne doesn’t like it, either.
 And how the hell do you know that? 
A dismissive slither. Tsk, Venom says. You forget? She carried me.
 And that’s what you guys talked about? What kind of vernacular she fancies? 
Venom chuckles so loud it shakes the case of Eddie’s brain. No, we talked about you.
 You’re gonna be giving me shit about that for the rest of my life, aren’t you? 

For the rest of our lives. Yes.
 Great. Eddie shifts around on his shitkicker couch. He's in his boxers and an old thready t-shirt and he can feel every damn lump in the thing, every uncomfortable scratch. God, he misses having nice furniture. The overstuffed armchair in Anne’s living room, for example; soft blue and perfectly worn. It knew the shape of his body, practically, reached up when he sat down to cradle him just so between its puffy arms. Fuck, he thinks, scrubbing at his scruffy face. I’m old. 
You are not.

 I am. Old and seriously fucking uncool. Only old uncool people think about furniture. 
No, Venom says. You’re lonely.Eddie’s cheeks shoot bright red. “Jesus Christ,” he spits into the silence, “I am not."He can feel Venom ripple under his skin, smug. Are too.“I’m not arguing with you about this.”You know people. You should talk to one on your box. Ask them to come here and make you less alone.
 I’m sorry, did you forgot what happened last night? I can’t even say two words to somebody cute at a bar without you getting your hackles up. 
 Cute, Venom says, dismissive. No. He wasn’t right for you.“Oh really? You my love guru now, too?”
He wanted to steal your wallet. And possibly your watch.
“Yeah, genius. No shit. What kind of a bar did you think we were in? But he wouldn’t have tried to boost me until after he sucked my cock. And we would’ve stopped him, wouldn’t we?”A curl of amusement. From sucking your cock? Yes.Eddie throws up his hands. “My point exactly! You’re a possessive son of a bitch.”Not a bitch. Ok, fine. “You’re a possessive bastard, how about that?”Mmmm. A twitch through Eddie’s thoughts, a warm coil in the well of his gut. Acceptable.“So, no, I will not be, quote unquote, talking to anyone on my box tonight to see if I can get laid.”
What about one like Anne?

 One what? 

Person.

 You mean a woman? 

Yes. Perhaps you could have one of those.
Eddie snatches at his beer, seriously wishes it was whiskey. “You’d be fine with me screwing a woman, is that what you’re telling me?”Maybe. Don’t know. A swirl of heat around his shoulders, considering. You don’t think about it much.“I think about it enough.”
No. Even in your dreaming, your thoughts go to men.
 We’ve talked about what dreams are like, Venom. They’re crazytown--like the brain's recycling plant. Not the same as conscious thoughts .
Exactly. They are more honest that what you think in the day.
“No, they’re not,” Eddie says around the last swallow. “They’re just mental noise.”Hmmm.
 What does that mean, hmmm? 

Anne had thoughts about it. What it was like joining with you.

 We’re not talking about Anne. 
A tendril slips out of his back and pokes him hard in the side. Fine, Venom says, petulant. I will talk and you will listen.“Please don’t.”
She liked it. Remembered it even before I asked.
“You ASKED? What the fuck, asshole?”Venom preens, stretches the tendril up to scratch at Eddie’s head. She was not offended. She said she understood my curiosity.“Did she?” Eddie tips over and buries his face in the stiff arm of the sofa. Does his best not to groan.She said--what were the words? Hmm. She said that you were very tender and attentive and that you came harder when she licked you--rimmed you? Yes--than when your cock was inside her.Eddie wants to laugh, to damn well howl, because how else is he supposed to react to his alien ride-along reciting details about his former sex life? Bash his head through the coffee table? Tempting.Venom hums. She said that sometimes you asked her to be inside of you, Eddie. That you liked it when she fucked you. And that she liked fucking you, too.His whole body is burning now, his skin one gigantic red stretch of shame. “Great,” he mutters into the musty fabric. “That’s really great, Venom. I’m so freaking glad she told you that.”
And Anne asked me something.

 Of course she did. 

She said, 
Do you like being i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Anne Weying

freeform: 
Tentacle Sex
Possessive Venom
First Time
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Anne Weying

