Work Text:
Aw, crap.
He probably should've thought about it. Okay, he definitely should've thought about it, like...way before inviting Venom to basically move in with him and everything. But he didn't, so a couple days after the whole thing with Drake and the rocket, he woke up with a boner and immediately panicked.

Eddie. This isn't a medical condition.

It was halfway between a statement and a question, and unfortunately Eddie literally, professionally could not leave well enough alone. "C'mon, you told me you can see everything. You gotta know what it means."
It can be a medical condition. The symbiote showed him a fuzzy memory of...a Viagra commercial. Right.
"That's for old people, man. I don't...this is just natural causes."

Should we get Anne?

"No, no, no, absolutely not. It's fine, I'll just think of really weird, gross stuff." And not of the way Venom had curled around him, its tongue out.
Silence. Then: Our body is not gross, Eddie.
Good thing it didn't understand boner cause and effect yet. Eddie screwed his eyes shut and concentrated on the one time he'd sat down in a wet subway seat.

I think we should just do it.

"Okay, sure, thank you, Nike. Absolutely not."

Douchebag!

"Yeah, yeah. Up yours." Eddie rolled over and thought about food poisoning. About yarfing all over his best shoes after high school graduation. About really really old, wrinkly balls.
Eventually, his boner stopped being so obvious. He got out of bed, brushed his teeth, did all the usual stuff, and Venom stayed very, very quiet. Didn't say shit till they were walking down the sidewalk.

We would be better than before.

"Sure, buddy, sure, that's great. Not gonna happen."
And the thing was, Venom thought it was slick. Maybe on its home planet they just didn't know how to do subtlety, maybe something was getting lost in translation since Eddie was just a dumb human. But when it decided to try to influence him, it was really fuckin obvious. So Eddie knew exactly what was going on when it said, Don't you get hungry, Eddie?
Eddie ducked into a cafe. Having a job was nice, meant he could afford the good stuff, like caffeine that didn't taste like a boiled shoe. "Not in public, I don't."
Liar. It nudged him, sending old memories of his time with Anne, his ex-boyfriend Jake, his college hookups. All kinds of crap. 
"You're not very good at this, you know." Eddie smiled awkwardly at the lady who stopped to side-eye him. "I know what you're trying to do. You wanna get off, do it on your own time."

It is our time now, Eddie.

"Sure. And in 'our time', I'm not gonna -" Shit, he couldn't actually say it out loud while he stood in line for a coffee. "You know." Another sidelong glance. He really oughta get one of those douchebag phone attachments so people would stop thinking he was crazy.

If you think you can go your whole life without 'tickling the pickle', you are crazy, Eddie.

"No one says that. No one."

Spanking the bank.

"Not quite."

Pleasuring us. Spreading us wide, making us feel good, letting me make you feel good. Wet, and warm, and just us, Eddie.

He had to pay for the mugs he broke tripping over his own fucking feet after that. "For the record," he said, on the way to the bookstore for his usual Saturday browse, "making me spend money on dumb shit? Not the way to get me horny."
But that was his mistake. He thought it was just a sweet comeback, till that night, on his couch. He was watching some show on Netflix that his coworkers liked, not following the plot too close. Venom had been quiet since the coffee shop, which suited him just fine. Dick.

I've been learning, Eddie.

He almost spilled his beer. "Jesus fuck."

You wanted me to think about how to get you horny.

"No, no, I absolutely did not. That's not what I said. I'm not -"

We're together now, Eddie. You are mine.

- like a lightning bolt, straight through him, fucked-up and exactly what he wanted to hear.

Do you think I'll let us go elsewhere? Find someone else? Do you think I'll leave just so you can be...satisfied?

No, Eddie wasn't a moron, so he didn't think that. But it was weird! Really weird, and should've been a total boner-killer.

I will always make you happy, Eddie. I can do whatever you want. Be whatever we need.

The screen faded to asking him if he was still watching, and he wasn't, he fucking wasn't. Every nerve in his body was focused on Venom, just beneath his skin.
Everywhere, Venom hissed, and Eddie felt the now-familiar firm press against his legs.
"Whoa, whoa." But he went with it. He let Venom splay his legs, pin them to the sides of the couch. He set his beer on the coffee table, and it wasn't a surprise at all when his arms moved, too, pressing down against the cushions.
It hadn't materialized. It didn't need to. Eddie thought maybe he could fight it, if he had to, get control of his own limbs back, but -

You won't fight this, Eddie. You want it.

Fucking...yeah. He did.
He'd been hard since this bullshit started and he got harder j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

