Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter had run off feeling certain in his decision. He’d totally passed that test. Yeah, being an Avenger would be great and all but he still had a lot to learn. Besides, they needed the small people as much as they needed the Avengers. They were busy defending the Earth but who was left to defend the cities or even just the small neighborhoods?At least that was Peter’s thinking as he walked away and back to the front of Avengers HQ. However, he quickly realized though his exit was well timed, he kind of needed Happy for that ride home. He didn’t have a suit with him to just go swinging back home (maybe he should have taken up Mr. Stark on the new suit offer) and it wasn’t like he could get a cab all the way out here. He slowed his step, only for a person to suddenly bump into him.Just because he had heightened senses didn’t mean he was always paying attention to them, especially in a situation like this when he didn’t expect any danger.“Hey, look where you’re going kid.”“Sorry,” Peter quickly said. He slightly stepped to the side as he looked at the man. A slight frown came on his face as the man didn’t really look like the type that would work at Avengers HQ.He seemed to be thinking the same thing as he said, “How the hell did you get here?”“I’m an intern for Mr. Stark,” Peter quickly said, straightening his shoulders and raising his chin just a bit. “Who are you?”“Just a damn reporter. Jeeze kid,” the man laughed, “try to hold back the first degree.”The man started walking again and Peter instinctively followed him. He seemed to be going to the front like he was leaving but shouldn’t he be escorted by someone or with a group? “What are you here for?”“I’m surprised you don’t know.”“I’ve been in a lab all day,” Peter quickly said.“Well there was some Avengers news that my editor just wanted me to cover. No one else was available for the press conference but then Stark just turns around and starts talking about getting engaged to his former CEO and just a lot of fluff shit.” The man shook his head with a sigh. He didn’t notice Peter’s surprised looks. Had there really…was Mr. Stark really going to…well either way Peter didn’t regret his decision. And this guy was talking about Ms. Potts? That was great! He’d have to tell Mr. Stark congratulations next time they spoke. He focused back on the man though who was still mumbling about being inconvenienced and how there were more important stories he could be focusing on.Peter focused more on his face than his voice and slowly started to realize that he seemed a bit familiar. “Wait you’re…aren’t you that one investigative reporter? Who like, always gets into trouble?” Yeah, it definitely was him! And the guy got into so much trouble that Peter was now surprised they hadn’t crossed paths yet.“Yeah, Eddie Brock.”Peter’s eyes narrowed. “And you are just leaving. Right?”“I see my reputation precedes me,” Eddie laughed. “Believe me, I’ve done plenty of stories on Stark in the past and have no desire to do more in the future. Besides, as business men go, now at least he’s pretty damn transparent. No need to defend the rich genius, kid.”Peter pouted as Eddie laughed again. “Don’t call me that.”“Kid? Why? You can’t be older than fourteen.”“I’m sixteen!” Peter exclaimed.“Good for you kid.”Peter glared at the back of his head as they continued down the hall. “It’s pronounced Peter.”“Well thank you. If I’m ever in need of interviewing a kid genius, I’ll contact you,” Eddie sarcastically replied.Peter just glared a little harder as they came to where a multitude of cars were parked, most belonging to the reporters probably. Peter stopped at the door as he still needed to go back and find Happy. Eddie kept going though he did pause to turn around and wiggle his keys.He seemed more amused than anything as he smiled and said, “See? I’m leaving? I’ve got absolutely no interest with Stark.”“If you say so,” Peter simply muttered under his breath. He watched Eddie go to a motorbike and turned around when he was finally speeding out of there. His mind quickly fell on other things and soon all thoughts about the reporter were gone when Peter got home to find the bag on his bed. And then even more so when he realized he had a few things he needed to explain to May.
There had been a lot of back and forth with May and the whole fact that he was Spider-Man. The one good thing was that she didn’t have a problem with him trying to do good. If anything, she was so damn proud of him, even more knowing that he’d not only stood by what was right to bring his crush’s dad to justice but also valuing his life as well (though Peter did have to convince his aunt not to go down to the prison and give Mr. Toomes a talking to).Mainly May just wanted to make sure he was safe. Peter did show her some of his abilities to try and reassure her but it was difficult. There were a few fights and of course Uncle Ben was mentioned once or twice but they’d finally come to an agreement. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Others mentioned

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Venom
Post-Venom
how MCU Peter and Eddie would interact
Fluff
Everyone is a dork
Peter gets a new friend
unlikely friendship

fandom: 
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Others mentioned

