Work Text:
“I don’t know,” Steve said, and felt embarrassed as soon as he’d said it, because what kind of dumb jerk didn’t know what made him happy, and anyway, what good did it do to say something like that? It wasn’t like Sam was going to be able to tell him, even if Sam seemed to have his head on straighter than anybody Steve had ever met. He half wanted to look away, so he didn’t have to see Sam get sorry for him. That happened when he talked to girls sometimes, these days; at least, the girls who weren’t all, well, intense.But Sam just nodded, like he hadn’t been expecting anything else. “Okay,” he said. “How about this: you ever have a moment where you thought, shit I’m about to die?”“One or two,” Steve said wryly.“Right,” Sam said. “Any of those times, you ever think to yourself, and damn, I never—” “Got laid,” Steve said, mouth running way out in front of him, and felt the red climbing down his chest.Sam folded his arms and glared at him. “Okay, you know what, now I’m starting to think you’re not even trying.”“I’m trying!” Steve said, blushing harder. “I’m—I have a list!”“Dude, you can get it in thirty seconds flat, anywhere you are,” Sam said.“What, like right here?” Steve fired back.“Damn straight,” Sam said. “What, you think I wouldn’t bang Captain America in a supply closet? Don’t get me wrong,” he added. “I’m not saying sex is some magic cure-all, but if you want it, go on and have some, and maybe you’ll meet—”“Are you kidding?” Steve blurted.Sam paused. Then he said, “Hell no,” and grabbed him by the belt, and there was a supply closet and Sam shoved him into it and got Steve’s pants open, and slid to his knees, and maybe it wasn’t thirty seconds flat; maybe it was more like—thirty-five, or forty—Steve whimpered and came.“Oh,” he said, dazedly. His heart was thumping like a brass band and he was sweating all over. “Oh.”“Yeah,” Sam said, standing up and grinning at him, warm and soft and teasing, except he was also wiping his mouth. Steve stared at him, mesmerized. “Like I was saying.”“I should have more sex, huh?” Steve said.“I’m starting to think so,” Sam said, and then Sam was curving a hand around Steve’s head, tilting him, and he was getting kissed, and the most amazing thing about it was all he had to do was just stay there and the kissing kept on going. He’d kissed before; he’d even been kissed before, but it had always fallen apart. He knew this was supposed to come naturally, like breathing, like running, like all the things that never had come naturally, and although the serum had fixed the rest of them, he’d never figured this one out. He always kept getting distracted thinking about what to do and when and how hard and what if she didn’t want and maybe he shouldn’t and how could you tell, there weren’t any rules once you got this far.The couple times he’d just tried guessing, he’d always guessed wrong, and he hated it; he hated having to decide, but right now he didn’t seem to have to decide anything at all, because Sam was holding his head still and kissing him, slow and thorough. And just when Steve started to wonder whether maybe he should, maybe he was supposed to—that was when Sam started unbuttoning his own shirt, so that meant Steve could take off his jacket, and then Sam reached out and grabbed Steve’s t-shirt and pulled it up and over his head, so Steve didn’t have to decide when that was supposed to come off, either. Sam took off his own tee and moved in close and wrapped his arms around Steve’s body, his hands sliding up Steve’s back, so Steve could touch too, and oh God, Sam was—he felt—amazing, hot and smooth-skinned, the hard curve of muscles all over his body, and—Steve clenched his jaw and held back, because Sam hadn’t come yet at all, so—“Oh, really?” Sam murmured against his cheek, low, kissing along Steve’s jaw, and he slid his hand around Steve’s dick and gave it a long smooth pull, encouraging.“Oh,” Steve groaned, and came again, all over Sam’s hand, all over himself, dripping and wet, but Sam just groaned too and said, “Man, after this you’re letting me take you home. I want you in a bed with some room to work with.”“Yes?” Steve said, blindly, not disagreeing; yes, anything Sam said, yes.Sam groaned again and said, low and deep, “Turn around.”Steve turned around immediately, and it kept on going; it got even better. Sam pressed his whole body up against him from behind and slipped a hand around front, sliding all over Steve’s chest, thumb rubbing back and forth and back and forth across his nipple, and it hadn’t occurred to Steve that he’d like that, but oh, oh, and from behind Sam was sliding a wet slick finger between—Steve jumped a little and shivered.“That all right?” Sam murmured.Steve shut his eyes and leaned his head against the wall. “Yeah. Yes,” he said, and the second time Sam touched him, he only twitched a little, and then Sam was sliding his finger back and forth, nudging in a little, pulling out and rubbing again, and Steve couldn’t stop shivering.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Virginity
Inappropriate Use Of Work Resources
What Makes Steve Happy
Missing Scene

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

