Chapter 1



Notes:
There are 3 parts already written, with (at least) 3 more on the way. Some may be short, since these are tumblr drabbles I'm now compiling on ao3




Chapter Text
Peter’s dad was waiting up for him when he got home, nursing a scotch as he lounged on the couch. He took one look at the teen’s face and said, “Not so great, huh?”Peter groaned, flopping onto the couch beside him. “I don’t know what I did wrong!”Sighing, Tony wrapped an arm around his son’s shoulders. “Run me through it, bud.”“It was going fine!” Peter exclaimed, throwing his hands up. “We had dinner, she was laughing lots. I mean, she kept going on her phone, but that’s just how she is.” Peter chewed his lip, shooting his father a shy glance before continuing. “I walked her to her door. And I- we kissed. I mean, dad, I’ve had a crush on Liz Allen since, like - ever! But… I just didn’t feel anything.”Tony hummed in consideration as his hand rubbed Peter’s shoulder comfortingly. “How’d you kiss her, bud?”“What do you mean?” Peter asked as he turned to look up at his dad. “I just… did.”Tony huffed, shaking his head as he threw back his drink and slammed the glass onto the table. “You can’t just lean down – or up, in your case, that girl is tall as fuck – and plant one on her. You’ve gotta have finesse.”“It was my first kiss,” Peter murmured as his face heated. “And, God, she’s a senior… she’s probably been kissed by way more experienced guys!”“More than kissed,” Tony muttered. Before Peter could protest, he was tugging on the teen’s hip until he shifted. Peter’s knees knocked against Tony’s as he faced the man fully. “Show me what you did, kid.”“How?” Peter asked, squirming a little. “I just… pressed my lips against hers. That was it.”Tony shook his head in disappointment as he sighed. Peter’s stomach dropped; it was not often that his father was disappointed in him.“Like I said, it’s about finesse. Romance her first. Stroke your fingers across her cheek before cupping her jaw.” Tony demonstrated his instructions, rough fingertips dragging along Peter’s cheek before his palm pressed against the boy’s jaw. Peter leaned into the touch, just slightly; his dad’s hand was so warm and inviting.“You’re going to lean in,” Tony whispered as he tilted toward his son. “Slowly. Build up the anticipation before -” He cut off as he gently, so gently, pressed his lips against Peter’s.“Pull back a little,” he murmured, warm breathing fanning Peter’s face. “So she can follow if she wants.”Peter surged forward without a second thought, lips smashing against his father’s.“Woah, woah,” Tony grunted, pushing on Peter’s shoulders until the teen sat back. “You can’t just dive in. Let the heat build.”“Sorry,” Peter muttered, head dropping in embarrassed. Tony ran a hand through the teen’s hair before gripping the nape of his neck.“It’s okay, buddy. You’re doing good. Let’s try again, but this time you lead.”Peter forced himself to look up despite his fierce blushing. He licked his lips as he stared up at his dad, taking in the man’s dark eyes and smirking lips. His hand trembled slightly as he reached out, skimming his fingers down Tony’s cheek, nails dragging through the hair at his chin, before his palm rested against his dad’s jaw. Then he leaned forward, slowly this time, to press his lips against his father’s.Tony didn’t give him a chance to pull away; the man gripped the back of his neck and pulled him closer, until Peter was forced to straddle his dad’s thighs.He moaned at the rough handling, lips mashing messily as he slipped his arms around Tony’s neck.“Take it slow, sweetheart,” Tony reminded as he moved his spit-wetted lips against Peter’s cheek.Peter forced himself to calm down even as he squirmed excitedly in his dad’s lap. His lips brushed firmly, but controlled, against Tony’s. Soon the man was parting his lips, and Peter eagerly thrusted in his tongue. He moaned at the glide of his tongue against his dad’s. His hands released their grip on the back of Tony’s shirt to instead fist in the short man’s hair.This time his dad moaned, hands gripping Peter’s hips as he bucked up.“Dad, shit,” Peter panted as he pulled away to catch his breath.Tony’s kisses continued down the boy’s neck. “I love you so much, baby. You’re so perfect. What a good boy I’ve raised.”Peter whimpered desperately at the praise, inexpertly grinding his groin against his dad’s hard stomach.“Fuck, I want you, son,” Tony growled against his neck. “Gonna eat you fucking alive-”“Tony?”Both men jumped almost comically at the sound of Peter’s mom. The teen was thrown onto the couch as Tony stood, brushing a hand through his hair and down his shirt. He turned to Peter, holding his index finger against his lip to indicate silence.Peter nodded wildly, trying to comb his own messy curls (and calm his racing heart) as his dad strode off, turning down the hallway toward the voice.“Is Peter home?” he could hear his mom ask.“Yeah, I guess things didn’t go so well.”“Aww,” his mom cooed i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent/Child Incest
Consensual Underage Sex
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Rough Sex
Tony is Peter's biological dad in this
it's just incest kink guys
don't read if you don't like please
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
First Kiss
Innocence
Virginity Kink
Premature Ejaculation
Intoxication
Underage Drinking
Unhealthy Relationships
work considered complete

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

