Work Text:

“Bored.”
 “Well, that’s great and all but I’m kind of busy right now,” Eddie says absently. His fingers fly over the keys of his laptop, his current report coming slowly but smoothly together. There’s a half empty cardboard cup of coffee next to his keyboard, mostly forgotten, and the cafe bustles quietly around him despite the late hour. If he can get this done soon they might have time to pick up some dinner on their way home. “Eddie I’m BORED,” Venom repeats. “And I said I heard you,” Eddie snaps quietly, though it lacks any heat. “Just give me another thirty minutes or so and we’ll be out of here.” Several heads turn towards him but Eddie barely registers the gazes. Spend enough time walking around talking to someone no one else can hear, you get used to being stared at all the time. 
“No.”
 Eddie’s fingers pause on the keys, head cocking to the side a little. Venom’s voice is always a deep, overly dramatic growl. It’s honestly pretty funny sounding when they start to bitch and moan the way they often do. But that one word, that one ‘no’ had been deeper than usual, so heavy it had practically reverberated physically through Eddie’s skull. “What-” he starts, wary now, but straightens when a familiar sensation crawls down his spine. The way he and Venom are bonded means that most of the time they’re just the one body with two consciences. But occasionally it’s necessary for Venom to make a physical appearance and it’s always a super disconcerting feeling. Eddie imagines it as the opposite of a having a phantom limb, or maybe a painless sloughing off of skin. A sudden rush as part of your body shifts and now there’s more than there was before, an extension that you have only dulled sensation in. There’s some kind of protrusion along the small of his back, a slick black tentacle that’s only slightly warmer than his skin. Eddie hisses and scoots back in his chair, catching the appendage between his body and the wood to try and keep it from moving around and drawing attention to them. “What are you doing?” he whispers, and then jerks a little when the tentacle liquefies, slipping down and then emerging from his body again in the back of his jeans. “Venom? Seriously dude, what the hell are you doing?” There’s no response except for a dark, echoing laugh that slides along each of Eddie’s vertebrae. There are more people glancing nervously at him now. Eddie flashes a quick, nervous smile and then stares resolutely at his laptop screen even as he feels the tentacle slip along the top of his ass and then lower still. His slams his elbow down on the table, hand coming up to hold his face but also hide the movement of his mouth. “Venom,” he hisses. “What?” the symbiote asks, and Eddie’s not sure how they manage to sound innocent but they do. Even as the tentacle probes further, Eddie’s spine arching a little at the foreign sensation. It’s wriggling it’s way between his ass cheeks and Eddie has a sinking suspicion that he knows where this is going. “You know what! Why are you-” His voice cuts out completely when the tentacle reaches its goal, its touch warm and confident as it circles Eddie’s asshole delicately. God they’re in public what the fuck. “I’m keeping myself entertained,” Venom says sweetly. “But don’t mind me, finish your paper.” "You know I can’t,” Eddie replies, voice wobbling embarrassingly. But the tentacle is just barely breaching his body and his breath is shuddering out of him, anxiety sparking brightly along his nerves. Normally Venom’s body…form…odd black goo, is slick and rubbery, almost sticky in texture. Not wet. But the tentacle is secreting something hot that Eddie can feel spreading along his ass, dripping into the fabric of his boxers. He’s never been fucked in his life (his own experimentation not counting of course) so his body is tight and resisting, not helped by his tense form or hammering heart. Yet the tentacle is pressing up into him anyways, spreading that hot liquid to ease its path. It doesn’t hurt, isn’t even uncomfortable, but there’s something curling low in Eddie’s stomach at the sensation. The intrusion of it. The rudeness. The depravity of having something slip slide along his insides when he’s sitting in his favorite cafe just trying to get some work done. “What’s the matter Eddie?” Venom coos, their voice a low, pleasing rumble that makes Eddie’s cock twitch. “Not expecting this? I told you I was bored.” The tentacle curls back on itself, stretching Eddie out, and he breathes out sharply through his nose. He slaps his hand over his mouth, brow furrowed slightly. “Why would I expect this?” he says into his palm, lips brushing the skin there. “Why wouldn’t you?” Venom counters easily. “Because…” Eddie’s not really sure why though, beyond the initial fact that this just isn’t something they’ve ever done before. But it’s really hard to think when the tentacle seems to have found his prostate and is rubbing insistently against it. And is it…thicker now? It feels big
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Exhibitionism
First Time
Anal Sex
Tentacle Sex
Sorta kinda
i mean its venom so you know what im getting at
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Public Sex
Dirty Talk
the lesson here kids is to make sure ur symbiote never gets bored
or i dunno
make sure they're always bored?
gender neutral venom
b/c theyre an alien

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

