Chapter 1: Diving in
    


Notes:
Well, I was rewatching X-Men First Class to prepare myself for the new movie coming out and I ended up getting reminded of all the ship feels I have for Erik and Charles. So... Yeah. I started writing this. I am going to be essentially rewriting the movie, at least from the point that Charles and Erik meet. This will be a fix-it-fic (though it will still have plenty of angst) so the ending will be happy. I am also going to pull some from the comic canon that isn't mentioned in the movies. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Charles felt the wind whip around him as the Coast Guard ship steadily moved along through the water. Something inside him reveled in this new excitement. This was a thrill of an entirely different kind than he was used to. Instead of throwing back shots and hitting on people in bars, he was on his way to help stop a potential threat to the government. A threat who seemed to have mutants on his side.Really, Charles couldn't decide if he was more excited about the adventure itself, or about the possibility of learning more about the two new mutants he had seen in Moira's mind. He had spent far more time than he wanted to admit trying to think of all the different ways genes could mutate to create such intriguing traits. He wondered if the woman who could turn her skin to crystal had a mutation that was similar to Raven's. He also tried to decide if the teleporter carried a physical mutation that allowed him to relocate his atoms, or if instead it was a mental mutation that allowed the instant transportation.Raven would have laughed at him and called him an idiot if she knew about all the thoughts going through his head. Thankfully, she was not present on the ship, and even if she were Charles was confident that he was hiding his fascination well. Since Raven was not the telepath in the family, his genetic ponderings would stay happily unnoticed.Another burst of salt water sprayed up into his face and Charles once again used his sleeve to wipe the mist away. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed the movement of men lowering small boats into the water off the side of the larger ship. His heart beat just a little faster as he squinted out into the darkness. They were getting close.Within a minute, Charles could see the glow of another ship. As the lights grew, so did his anticipation of what was to come. Vaguely he pondered what exactly he may have gotten himself into here; he was far from the hero type. What business did he have trying to aid in capturing a terror threat?As the lights of the Coast Guard vessel snapped on, and the smaller dinghies sped out in front, Charles resolved that, regardless of what he was getting into, he was stuck with the choice now. Besides, it would probably be fun.Moira strode up beside him, looking towards the bright yacht floating innocently in the waves. "Is he there?" She asked Charles, though it was more like yelling. With the wind still buffeting them as the ship plowed closer to their target, it was hard to hear anything that wasn't a yell.A voice rang out on the loudspeaker, making Charles' ears ache, "This is the U.S. Coast Guard. Do not attempt to move your vessel. Stay where you are."Charles tuned out the physical voice and reached with his mind across the water. "Shaw is on board." He confirmed out loud. Satisfied with that knowledge – but still keeping part of his mind focused on Shaw – he started searching the rest the ship for more information. He caught the presence of two other people before he felt a wall slam down around the yacht's occupants."I've lost Shaw," He stated instantly to the agents beside him. He repeated the words moments later as he determined for certain that he could not penetrate the shield. As he pushed harder with his power, he continued relaying his findings out loud to whoever happened to be standing near him. "There's something blocking me. This has never happened to me before." Sudden clarity hit him, filling him both with wonder and trepidation, "I think there's someone like me on that ship.""Like you?" Moira inquired from beside him.Charles spared her a quick glance. Raven would have scolded him for speaking only in partial thoughts, leaving the people around him behind in the wake of his churning mind. "I'm Sorry," he quickly clarified, "A telepath."His hand lowered from its customary placement at his temple as he marveled in the knowledge. He also noted a distinct feeling he had never experienced before. He was quick to throw up mental blocks of his own as for the first time in his life he realized exactly what it felt like to have a telepath trying to get into your head. It was like a strange tickle at the base of his skull, telling him that someone was trying to pull some deep secret from him."This is incredible," he mused. "I can actually feel her inside my mind." Realizing that his wondering sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Fix-It-Fic
Charles and Erik have feels
Charles is a BAMF
Erik has Issues
Movie rewrite
Charles is stronger than people think
Erik is constantly in awe of Charles
Erik learns to trust
Touches of Comic-book canon
Minor Character Death
Charles is an unfailing optimist
Hurt Charles
Protective Erik

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

