Work Text:
"I ordered you the lobster bisque," the dude says arrogantly. He has a face like the end of a loaf of bread, and every time Peter looks away from him, he forgets how he looks and has to look back. He’s done this three times, and he still couldn’t pick- Tom? Tim? Luke? -out of a line-up.

 

"I," Peter is just appalled. "Why did you order my food for me?" He looks like a wreck after running pretty much all the way from Stark Tower, he knows, and he’d stepped into the bathroom to fix a few flyaways in this outrageously fancy restaurant. And in the meantime, Tom-Tim-Luke has ordered him a dish he doesn’t even... Know anything about. He's never eaten food fancy enough to be called things like bisque.

 

“Because you weren’t here,” Douche McDoucherson (DM) has the audacity to huff. “It’s my favorite, I’m sure you’ll be fine. Don’t make a scene.” He flaps his hand in Peter’s direction like Peter is a particularly petulant child, and his frustration with the evening and DM grows.

 

It’s not really MJ’s fault; the guy‘s online dating profile hadn’t screamed anything too suspicious, at least nothing bad enough to spark any red flags. But who brings their first date to Saveur? It’s a posh French restaurant entirely out of Peter’s pay grade, internship notwithstanding, that Peter is wholly under-dressed for. He doesn’t blame the servers for turning their noses up when they look at him in what he'd thought was acceptable wear- khakis and a nice navy sweater; he’s only been here for a few moments and he’s already seen one senator, a famous Hollywood couple, and a generally well-known talk show host. Turns out his date is an inheritance kid, which wouldn't have inherently made him a bad person, but...

 

“How... did you even get reservations?” Peter asks as he takes a proper look at the array of fancy and very varied silverware in front of him and tries not to panic. There are like... four different spoons. His hands are clammy and he can’t stop wiping his palms down on his thighs compulsively. He's already stealthily texted MJ, who's at a show and so obviously doesn't respond, May, who is at work and definitely doesn't respond, and even Tony, who... Just doesn't respond because he probably thinks it's funny. He's on the verge of thinking fuck it and texting every contact one by one to save him, when DM, like a posturing bird of paradise, audibly rolls his eyes at Peter's question. 

 

"Oh please, Peter, now I'm just insulted. As if I couldn't get a reservation for this... This street fare. Listen, you seem like a nice person," DM says, a particularly annoying and condescending expression on his face, and Peter blanches when he feels DM reach over underneath the table, his hand crossing the entirely too-short table width to rest against Peter's knee. Immediately, Peter is uncomfortable- uncomfortable enough for his Spidey sense to thrum lightly at the base of his spine, his heart rate increasing as he stares pointedly at DM. "But I think we both know your assets. I mean," he frowns at Peter arrogantly. "You're crazy smart and pretty hot- maybe not, like in a conventional way. But decently," he tacks on as an afterthought. 

 

Peter isn't sure of the expression on his face, but he knows it's not good. 

 

DM is rambling about something as Peter frantically glances down at his phone again. He scrolls once more through his contacts when, absurdly, his eyes fall on Dead. At the time he'd created Deadpool's contact, he thought it would've been funny to put Deadpool in as Dead Pool, which was stupid, yeah, but why not. The phone is, of course, Spider-Man's phone as well, which means if he texts Deadpool...

 


To: Dead



 



Deadpool.


 

The reply is almost instantaneous. Peter almost cries with relief. 

 


From: Dead



 



what's up, spooder-babe?


 


To: Dead



 



I'm cashing in a favor.


 


From: Dead



 



tell me who I need to kill, sweet thang.



 



To: Dead



 



Firstly, no killing, and secondly, it's not for me. I'm, uh, kinda tied up with some bad guys- nothing I can't handle, but a friend of mine, Peter, needs to get out of a shit date. I'm the designated emergency friend. 


 


From: Dead



 



i'd do anything to help you, but that doesn't really seem like my thing, honey


 

DM squeezes Peter's lower thigh very inappropriately. Peter tenses, the motion evident in his shoulders, but DM prattles on about how sexy intelligence is, not even bothering to notice how much Peter doesn't want to be touched. His palm is uncomfortably warm, even worse than Peter's own. Peter tries to get his leg free, but DM's gripping him intentionally, with no regard to Peter's growing discomfort. He has no idea where his super strength went, because he could break DM's wrist and get away, but... 

 


To: Dead



 



Deadpool, please. The guy is getting handsy and Peter is really uncomfortable. I would go but I can't get away. Please.



 



From: Dead



 



ain't gotta beg me, babe, I'll go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Date-Crashing
Non-con touching
Peter is not having a good time
but luckily DP is there to help
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

