Work Text:

You are forgetting something.

Eddie flips over in the bed, too tired to even talk - my poor human. But he should know by now after all his conditioning: sleep is a reward for saying those nice, devoted words. Sleep comes when Venom hears them. And do not just think it, he adds, because Eddie's voice has become a comfortable thing, even when his human chooses to be difficult:
"I'm- shit, we aren't doing this every night, OK? just let me sleep already you, you terrible alien."
Venom does not sense truth in the insult so he simply makes his request again.

I want to hear it.

Eddie holds his pillow tightly at both ends and pulls them over his face to groan. Does he think he can hide? Is he tired, angry, embarrassed? How tasty.
"Fine, goodnight," the human relents. Inside Eddie's flesh and blood and being, Venom hums, half-full with satisfaction. But there is still a piece left.

And?

"And?" Eddie repeats into the pillow, and it muffles how loud he meant to be. His human sounds offended as he turns his face to the side, speaks into the dark, "And what? You want me to- to tuck us in, sing a little lullaby, sweet dreams, princess?"
Venom does not know what a princess is, but teases are easy enough to identify. Eddie thinks he is amusing. Sometimes he is right about that.

The one about dreams.

Eddie sighs. He knows he cannot win, and humans are prone to become pliable when they are tired. Temperamental things. Venom could squeeze the words out of his skull but they come much nicer willingly.
"Sweet dreams, goodnight," Eddie rushes through but says all the same.

Good night, Eddie.

His human hums back. Shuts his eyes tight to keep Venom company inside his own head and mind. Eddie's body slows one system at a time, heart pumping warmth and sleep through little vessels, and eventually his breathing slows too. His human is unconscious now. At his most vulnerable, he has no second thoughts leaving Venom in control.
How kind of him.
Venom can choose to slip into a sort of 'sleep' with his human, but he has found better ways to occupy his time in these long hours. Eddie is his, after all, and it is not often that he can indulge in it. In this privilege of symbiosis. They are one; Venom moves under Eddie's skin- their skin, and enjoys how his hairs stand on end above the movements - how chills shudder through them both.
Eddie is a good human. He will let Venom have what he wants; he will sleep and sleep soundly while his Symbiote takes care of him. Our desires are not different, I absorb them through your eyes, although he finds that human desires are so often only skin deep. Wasted potential. But even still, Venom drips through Eddie's pores, out of his neck and chest and from inbetween his ribs. He is free. He is always free to do as he pleases.
And flesh is always softer from the outside.
Venom molds himself into an outline of his true form, although hands and a face and a tongue are all he truly needs. All Eddie needs. He hovers above his human's sleeping body because he is so quiet, so gentle, so nice to look at. Venom truly chose the best, did he not? Imagining any other fusion quickly makes him feel wrong. Dirty. The thought is a betrayal, even, so he cuts the cord early and knows Eddie as his one and only, his absolute, the peak form to take.
The perfect human.
Eddie is mine, Venom thinks, adjusting the temperature of his hands so they are not shocking when they slide up the other's chest. When they push up his old shirt to reveal muscles and strength, two things that Venom likes very much. He touches him. His black form brushes and sticks and digs into the other's skin.
Eddie is mine, Venom thinks, and his tongue lolls down to trace out his property, this body he chose as a home, and it welcomes him in return. His human stirs and Venom knows that Eddie feels something through the fog of sleep, because he can feel an inkling of it too. But Venom does not stop. How could he ever stop? His human is warm to touch and pristine to taste, and the Symbiote traveled light-years just for this.
Venom swirls his tongue in circles all over the other's chest; he cannot get enough of this flesh and the crisp lines to trace through it. Greed feels strange, too. It is something not meant for Symbiotes because how can they possibly be greedy when they must give and take equally to survive in a host? But Eddie lets him take. Eddie lets Venom consume the heads of bad people, and he does not fight when Venom wants frozen food or to hear a 'sweet dreams' before sleep.
He really is a life form to want for.
Venom grabs Eddie's sides with his massive hands, feels the ball of his hipbone on either side to press thumbs into. Venom leans down closer. He laps with ferocity at the two nubs just below the other's collarbones; feels them harden under his excessive touch and attention. His human writhes and Venom knows his choice was right as the other stirs far inside his chest and groin. It means success. It means victory. Spit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Somnophilia
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Venom
Sleep Groping
Obsession
Licking
Fluff
Can Venom be fluffy?
He sure tries
Mildly Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

