Work Text:
Pulled slowly to consciousness by the heat pooling in his groin, Eddie moans softly at the pleasurable slide of something slick around his cock. “Anne,” he groans, hands moving to weave through her hair.When Eddie’s fingers instead meet the still strange texture of Venom, all remnants of sleep disappear, his eyes snapping open as his body jackknifes upward. “What are you doing?” he asks, voice high as he takes in the sight of Venom’s tentacles wrapped around his cock, slowly jacking it.
We are masturbating.
“N-now w-why would we do that?” Eddie stammers, trying to ignore the way his cock throbs while Venom ripples in unfamiliar ways around his length. It’s been longer than he cares to admit that he’s done more than quickly pull one off in the shower, and this feels amazing.
It is pleasurable.
Well, Eddie can’t argue with that, but still he can’t shake the wrongness of this, the way that Venom’s tendrils just seem to emerge from his stomach. He doesn’t understand how it doesn’t hurt. Usually he’s too busy trying not to die to focus on how very creepy foreign body parts emerging out of him at random is.
Yet we are enjoying this.
Eddie yelps when Venom slips lower, leaving Eddie’s cock bare before enveloping his balls completely, giving them a squeeze. “Careful with those!”Venom’s grip tightens to the point of pain, and Eddie hisses as tears rise to the corners of his eyes, noting that despite the pain his cock remains hard and leaking.Humans are so very delicate. Venom’s head grows from the mass of tentacles between Eddie’s legs, long tongue snaking out to wrap around his cock and balls.The decreasing distance between Eddie’s cock and those fangs make his heart race in his chest.
Some of my brethren consider these a delicacy.
Fear cuts through Eddie, and he shouts when Venom’s mouth closes over his cock and balls, expecting pain, but none comes.A pressure at the tip of his cock, something nudging his piss slit, has Eddie opening his mouth to protest, but before Eddie can voice the words, Venom shoves a tendril deep within his cock, and instead Eddie swears viciously at the sudden unfamiliar burn in an area he’s certain has never been touched before.“That—that—” Eddie can’t get the words out as Venom works the tendril deeper into Eddie’s cock.Eddie can feel Venom’s smugness, and watches as he melts away, showing Eddie the way his cock bulges obscenely around Venom’s thickness.Slightly hysterical laughter bubbles up from Eddie’s throat when he’s suddenly reminded of all the tentacle hentai he’s read over the years.Eddie doesn’t even have time to yelp before Venom explodes around him, shoving a thick tentacle straight down his throat, forcing itself far too deep and causing him to choke and gag on at the unexpected intrusion. Other tentacles easily maneuver him, practically folding him in half as he’s bent so that his knees nearly rest on either side of head, his stuffed cock hanging just above his face. Despite knowing he shouldn’t be nearly this flexible, he feels no discomfort from the position.Venom doesn’t even bother to bind Eddie’s hands because, really, what could he do to stop this?Usually Eddie doesn’t notice Venom’s touch, their awareness blending together, but now he’s completely aware of everywhere that Venom is touching him.Eddie’s throat continues to convulse around the tentacle, and his lungs burn, his nostrils flaring as he struggles to breathe as it begins to thrust, fucking his throat. Every so often it pulls out completely for a moment, slapping against his spit-wet face before plunging back in.So fixated on the tentacle down his throat, Eddie barely notices that the tendril in his cock has started moving again until it presses against something that makes him see stars. Eddie’s eyes struggle to focus on his cock. Had the tendril gotten larger—eyes wide with horror, Eddie watches the sudden movement within his balls and raises trembling fingers to them as they suddenly start to swell.Eddie’s moan is echoed by Venom’s, and despite the dismay, Eddie feels the sudden urge to laugh that he’s apparently bonded to a perverted alien.
My kind does not reproduce in this fashion. If anyone is the pervert, it’s you, Eddie. This comes from your brain. Why fear the unknown? We are only feeling pleasure.
The skin of his balls beneath his fingers quickly becomes unfamiliar, the normal wrinkles stretching until they disappear, the skin pulled taut and smooth. His brain is screaming that this should hurt, that his body isn’t meant to stretch in such a way, but as Venom says, he feels only pressure and pleasure.Still a pervert, Eddie snarks in his head knowing that Venom could have chosen any other multitude of ways to get them off but instead chose this.Small tendrils wrap around his nipples, tugging the pointed nubs away from chest. Two more slender tendrils tipped with needlelike points appear before piercing into his nipples. It doesn’t hurt, but the sensation, the fullness, is unfamiliar, and it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
mention of Eddie Brock/Anne Weying

freeform: 
Masturbation
Body Horror
Tentacles
Deepthroating
Body Modification
Urethral Play
Sounding
Testicle Growth
Nipple Play
Male Lactation
Size Kink
Large Cock
Fisting
Anal Gaping
Urethal Gaping
Stomach Bulge
Throat Bulge
all the way through
Oviposition
Unreliable Narrator
Xeno

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
mention of Eddie Brock/Anne Weying

