Work Text:

Sometimes it was hard to sleep with Venom in his head. Venom was...chatty at night. Hell, he didn’t shut up. Apparently, symbiotes didn’t need to sleep.


Eddie sighed. He rolled over onto his chest, covering his head with his pillow.


“Please, just shut up for a couple hours, will ya?” he grunted. “I got shit to do tomorrow.”



“But there’s so much we could be doing, Eddie.”

 Venom’s dark voice growled in his head. 

“Let’s go out for a snack! Promise I won’t eat anyone?”



Eddie groaned. He rolled over again, sighing loudly into the dark room.



“No,

 Venom. I need to sleep.” Eddie said, rubbing at his tired eyes. “How ‘bout this? I’ll go sleep on the couch. You can do the weird tentacle face thing and watch TV.”



“What weird tentacle face thing?”



“Y’know, the one where you got the arm comin’ out but then it’s got the face on it?” Eddie tried to explain, gesturing with his own arm like it was Venom’s 

‘tentacle face’.




“This one?”



Venom’s big white eyes appeared in the dark, hovering above Eddie’s face. His ever-present smile was as wide as always, teeth glinting in the low light, his tongue stretching out to taste the air like snakes did.


“Y-Yeah. That one.”


Venom purred. 

“Your heart is racing, Eddie. Are you still afraid of me?”



Eddie tried to clear his throat. He stared into Venom’s eyes. He nodded jerkily.


“Yeah. Pretty hard not to get freaked out by a face like that.”


The symbiote’s purring seemed to grow louder in Eddie’s head. He was only 

a little

 uncomfortable when he felt Venom’s slimy tongue stroke his cheek. It pet his face in a way he supposed was probably meant to be kind of lovingly.



“You know I’d never hurt you, Eddie.”



Eddie swallowed. He scoffed at the symbiote, shoving its face away as he sat up. “Stop it.”


He could feel Venom melting back into his body as he got out of bed. He wasn’t going to get any sleep anyway, why torture himself with it by staying in bed? And hey, maybe if he got Venom distracted with TV, Eddie would manage to fall asleep despite it all. Eddie threw himself down on the couch. He snatched the remote off the coffee table and turned on the TV. He flipped through the channels. Venom was remarkably quiet, 

thank God.



“Whaddya wanna watch?” Eddie asked.



“Something 

exciting.”




“Somethin’ excitin’? Alright, let’s see what we can find.”


Eddie found that one channel that was always playing movies. He hoped there was some kind of action shit running at the moment. He brought up the TV guide page to check what the hell it was that was playing. 

Crank?

 Hm, Eddie had never seen that. Summary made it sound adequately exciting. Eddie hope it would be to Venom’s satisfaction. Too bad they missed the start.


Hm... So the main character and some blonde babe were in a Chinese restaurant. Talking. Talking. Flashback. Talking. Girl storming off. Oh, wait, what was happening? Close up of the guys heart? 

What?

 What was happening? Oh, my God, were they... Oh, God, they were having sex right in the middle of the street in Chinatown. What the fuck?



“That’s exciting, alright...”

 Venom hummed.


“Shut up.”



“Mh, your heart is racing again, Eddie...”

 the symbiote mocked. 

“Ooooh, the blood’s rushing too! Interesting. I like this feeling, Eddie. You should feel like this more often.”



Eddie switched the channel. “Will you shut up already?”


Black tendrils crept into sight, seeming to grow out of Eddie’s back and wrapping around him to pet his chest.



“No.”



The arms, 

tentacles,

 stroked his chest and down his belly. They grazed over his nipples through his shirt, choking a soft gasp out of him.



“Did you like that, Eddie?”



Eddie bit his tongue, screwed his lips shut, and shook his head.



“Your body betrays you, Eddie...”



Soft black tendrils slid under Eddie’s shirt. He bit down harder on his tongue. The ‘fingers’ teased his nipples again. They wrapped around either nipple almost like a set of clamps, going tight. Eddie whined. Fuck, he couldn’t help it, the blood was rushing south, he couldn’t stop it.



“I’ve never had sex before, Eddie. It sounds fun. Would you like to have sex with me, Eddie?”



Fucking Christ... God help him. Eddie was horny as hell now because of all this. It didn’t help that he hadn’t exactly jerked off since before the whole shitfest with Venom and the Life Foundation happened. It was kind of hard to 

get to it

 when he knew there was another person in his head watching everything he did.



“Answer me, Eddie.”




“Fuck...

 Yes.”



“Fantastic.”



More arms appeared out of nowhere. They moved around Eddie’s body. They felt like silk, all soft and smooth. They weren’t as wet or slimy as they looked sometimes; there was a mild slick to their surface, but not as bad as could have been expected. They caressed Eddie’s skin, moving down his belly to the V of his hips. They pushed his sweatpants down and exposed his body. Eddie moaned at the sound of fabric ripping. H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Smut
Shameless Smut
thats it
thats all it is
just porn
just eddie getting wrecked by venom
Alien Sex

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

