Work Text:
Bucky’s been waiting in the apartment for the better part of five hours when he hears the scrape of a key in the lock. He rolls silently to his feet. All the lights are off, the only lighting is the soft orange glow from the street lights on the boulevard outside, and he has been supremely careful to enter the building without leaving any trace of his presence there. Everything was exactly as it was when its occupant left, save for the assassin getting cozy on the couch, watching the door. It’s not like he only has one shot, but he’d prefer to not have to make two attempts at this. The deadbolt clicks back, he hears the shuffle of grocery bags, the jingle of keys. He stealthily positions himself just behind the first corner, where the foyer opens to the living room and kitchen. Heavy footfalls - quieted by sneakers. Directly from the morning run to business, swinging back by the grocery store on his way home, then. Perfect.That makes Bucky feel less bad about drinking the last of the orange juice. Seconds before he knows the lights will be flipped on, he strikes. Steve Rogers drops the grocery bags and falls like a flat of bricks, tucking his pelvis and preparing to roll before he recognizes the arm wrapped around his neck is metal and not actually trying to kill him, and relaxes as much as he can with his best friend’s legs wrapped around his waist. “Hi,” he says, sounding out of breath. “What’s a nice Catholic boy like you doing in a neighborhood like this?” Bucky says, low into Steve’s ear.“I think the better question is why didn’t you tell me you were back today?” Steve says, reaching up to cup Bucky’s cheek in one big, warm hand.Bucky frowns. Steve is oblivious, but tell him something he hasn’t known since 1930. Clearly, diversionary tactics are necessary. “Better be careful.” Steve stills. “Why’s that?” “Nice boy like you, neighborhood like this? There could be bad men about,” Bucky says, dropping his tone even lower. And just so Steve doesn’t totally miss the hint, he rolls his hips against the small of Steve’s back. Steve goes very still and very quiet. Bucky can hear his heart beating, can feel the heat creeping up his neck even between the barrier of their clothes.After nursing Steve through chills and countless colds when they were young, a lifetime ago, it’s always a relief to know he’s constantly running warm. Bucky presses his lips to the back of Steve’s neck before he can help it, tucking his face into the junction between Steve’s shoulder and neck.“You haven’t showered today,” he says pulling back, surprised in spite of himself and the game he’s trying to play. “No,” Steve says, shifting a little awkwardly, probably blushing for an entirely different reason now. “Didn’t have time.”Bucky grins against his skin and says, low and hot, “That’s filthy, Rogers.” Steve stops his shifting and goes very still again. It doesn’t just give Bucky a window of opportunity, it throws the window open and loudly invites him inside. So he does the rational thing and tightens his grip on Steve’s waist with his thighs, rolling them both easily so he’s straddling Steve’s hips. He can’t help but grind down a little under the guise of settling in comfortably; Steve’s half-hard already and that delightful flush has taken over his cheeks and neck. Steve huffs out a little involuntary moan. Thirty-six days apart and Bucky is pretty sure Steve’s remarkable self-restraint and martyr complex mean he hasn’t gotten his rocks off since the morning Bucky left. Good God. “Not like you to be so careless with your hygiene, Rogers,” he says smugly, knowing full well that even in the dim light Steve can see how hard he is, straining eagerly against his SHIELD-issue trousers. “Wonder what everyone would say if they knew that their golden boy isn’t quite so clean-cut as he appears.”He drops his hands to the hem of Steve’s T-shirt, tugging it up to expose Steve’s frankly unfair abdominals, the dip of his navel that never fails to make his leg twitch whenever Bucky drags his tongue around it. He rucks Steve’s shirt up to his collarbones and if he were in a different mood he’d just sit back and admire his friend, the way the muscles in his stomach quiver, how his nipples harden in the chilly air, how the whole of him inspires Bucky to protect and bite and kiss and guard, just like he’s always done. He’s not in the mood for that. Instead, Bucky leans down and laves his tongue across one fit pectoral, darting down to flick across a nipple and tastes clean sweat, because only Steve fucking Rogers would taste so clean after running a marathon at the start of his day. “Got an idea,” he murmurs, licking a wet trail across to Steve’s other nipple, which he treats with a gentle nip, making Steve valiantly attempt to hold off a full-body shudder. “It’s a good idea.”“What -” Steve begins, but interrupts himself with a barely-suppressed sigh of loss when Bucky sits back up and rolls off of him, trusting now that he’s got Steve right wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rimming
Reunion Sex
Dirty Talk
Actual Power Bottom Steve Rogers
Established Relationship
Banter during sex
Tenderness
Bucky is anti-socks
Steve forgets to shower and it's a Thing apparently
there is no plot here
4.8k words of smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

