Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The pulsing undulating mass condensed into the hulkish form of a man with dark coloring and a bold white spider on his chest, white eyes gleaming out into the city lit by night and the lights below, tracking a red and blue figure as it swung between the buildings, a deep raspy voice whispered “Mine” into the empty night.
Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man happily web swung through the brightly lit town of New York city, under his mask he smiled. “Another quiet night, and here I thought I was going to have to put up with another all nighter.” He chuckled. “Sucks to be the team though, they get stuck with training/punishment doing basic drills.” he rushed between two buildings and let himself freefall before catching a nearby building and swung farther. “Then again, they wouldn’t be able to enjoy this in the same way I do.” 
A crash came from below as Venom sent a small piece out to infect the driver of a truck making him go wild in the street and start attacking people.  Venom knew his little spider would play the hero and tire himself out quickly, leaving him vulnerable.
Spider-Man’s eyes widen under his mask. “Well there goes my night,” he said as he swung down and began to get the people to safety. He saw the source of the issue and frowned as he attacked the driver, hoping to subdue him and keep him from hurting anyone else. 
Raging the Venomized male lashed out crushing parked cars and tossing them at people blind in his rage he was unaware of Spider-Man's arrival or the cars being stopped.  Venom smirked in his hiding place, soon he would break his Spider and make him his forever.
Peter swung in landing a swift kick to the man’s chest knocking him back. “Whoa! Buddy, I have heard of the road rage but this is a little nuts.” He said narrowing his eyes at the sight of the familiar black suit on the man’s body. “That’s a real nice suit where’d you get it? The Halloween store? It’s a real scary one!”
The Venomized male let out a roar showing off razor sharp teeth before charging at Spiderman thrashing about, trying to crush him. Venom let his tongue out licking his teeth as he watched the fight.
Spider-man fought the venomized male easily, having faced off against venomized people before, his own team included he knew how to combat him, avoiding the fangs, claws, and tentacles with ease he somersaults forward with one of her legs outstretched, slamming it into the male’s shoulder making it stumble as he pressed on, attacking the stunned venomized male as he stands on one leg and side kicks at speeds even some of his teammates would be surprised at landing close to several kicks against the man in a single second before switching legs and dong the same with the other.
It took no time for Spiderman to win but as he downed the Male the venom lept off and started moving away knowing it would be chased by the hero.
“Oh no, you don't.” Peter shot off a web and swung after the piece of Venom, using the tech in his suit to keep track of it. “I don't know what Venom is planning but I won’t let it happen.” His hand tightened around his web-line. “Not to anyone.” he moved faster sling shooting himself from building to building, not noticing he was leaving the more lively parts of the city. 
Soon the piece led Spiderman to an abandoned warehouse that was dark but surprisingly warm inside as the Symbiote lept about inside aiming to rejoin Venom who waited and sealed all the exits after his Prey had entered.
Peter landed before the warehouse, slowly walking inside, the eyes of his mask lightning up. “Venom! Eddie! Come on out! I know you’re here!” he yelled keeping his guard up for anything. “You can’t hide Eddie! I know that was a piece of you!” He switched his web cartridges to his shock-webs.  
Webs shot out stealing the Web shooters and crushing them in the dark. “Little spider fell into the web now he is all alone” the dark raspy voice of Venom echoed from the shadows of the warm room
Peter cursed looking around trying to find him. “You can take my webs, but I can still beat you.” He said as he had his old web-shooters on and ready to use. “So just give up now.”
Thick black webs shot out and trapped Peter’s arms spread out and left him trapped as Venom stepped into the light and moved close to Peter claws tracing the lines of his body.
Peter gasped, finding himself trapped. “Ok, I really hate not being able to sense you.” He groaned. He shivered when he felt Venom’s claws trace along his body. “Alright, you got me at a disadvantage,” he said. “So what? Gonna try to merge with me now?”
Leaning in Venom allowed his tongue to slip under the mask wrapping around Peter’s neck before sliding into the younger males mouth and filling it up. Venom, slowly shredded the outfit leaving Peter naked save for his gloves, boots, and mask.
Peter’s eyes widen in disbelief, he thrashed about trying to get Venom off of him and hide his now nude form. His body was chiseled while not as overly muscled like Luke, he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Venom/Spiderman

freeform: 
Large Cock
Anal
Mindbreak
Brainwashing
Exhibitionism
Tentacles
Long Tongue
m/m - Freeform
Bondage
Nipple Play
Lots of Cum
Pup Play

fandom: 
Venom/Spiderman

