Work Text:
Eddie has never been a big fan of running, but when he wakes up his skin feels too tight, and the urge to get out of his apartment, to move, is an overwhelming need that he can’t ignore. Eddie quickly pulls on a pair of shorts, a hoodie, and his trainers before heading out, enjoying the cool morning air as he sets off down the street.Venom is quiet in Eddie’s head, but their hunger gnaws at him. Maybe he should have eaten before he left, but that’ll have to wait now. His world narrows to the steady pounding of his feet against the pavement, the miles and minutes passing by rapidly.Eddie’s not as good at reading Venom as Venom is at reading him. Maybe it’s their biology. Maybe it’s Venom’s experience. Maybe Venom is just able to block him. No matter the reason, Eddie should know by now that Venom’s silence rarely leads to good things.But absorbed as Eddie is right now, he doesn’t think to worry until he suddenly feels Venom’s smug amusement. That’s all the warning he gets before Venom engulfs his cock.Stumbling to an abrupt stop and panting, Eddie doubles over as he hisses, “This is so not the time or place for this, Venom!”
There is no better time for this.
Eddie grits his teeth, breath whooshing out of his lungs as Venom wastes no time plunging a thin tendril—not thin enough a slightly hysterical part of his brain screams—into his piss slit, slowly worming its way down his urethra.Feeling eyes on him, Eddie fights the urge to grab at his crotch. Extra attention is the last thing he needs right now. Of course the gods are laughing at him because a hand suddenly lands on his shoulder, causing him to jump.“You alright, man?”Eddie struggles to focus his eyes on the other man, young, blond, and fit with worried blue eyes starting at him. “Ye-yeah,” Eddie gasps out, putting on a show of rubbing his upper thigh, so close to where he wants to touch. “Groin cramp.”The man’s face twists in sympathy. “Shit, man, those are killer.” He hands over a bottle of water. “Here, this should help. You’re probably dehydrated.”“Thanks, I don’t do this often,” Eddie says, gulping it down.The man tries to make small talk, and maybe later Eddie will realize that he’s flirting, but now Eddie’s far from in the mood, and finally he takes the hint, turns, and runs off, leaving Eddie to stagger to a nearby bench where he folds in over himself.The entire time Venom has been slipping deeper and deeper into Eddie, a strange mix of not quite solid and not quite liquid that Eddie’s brain isn’t sure how to process. Venom reaches a part of Eddie that causes him to swear, his cock trying to chub up, but Venom is wrapped so tightly around him that there’s no room for him to expand. “I hate you,” Eddie says as his soft cock throbs with displeasure.
We do nice things for us, and that’s how you reward us? Truly we’re wounded, Eddie.
“Nice things? You can call this nice?” Eddie’s voice raises sharply at the end when he feels a sudden pinch deep inside his groin.
Can you not feel it? How full our bladder is?
Eddie opens his mouth to say no, that he has he no idea what Venom is talking about when the sudden need to pee hits him. He’s entirely certain that if Venom hadn’t been plugging him so completely, he would have pissed himself then and there.Hands rising to his stomach, Eddie is amazed that he can feel just how very bloated he is, his lower abdomen slightly distended. He remembers drinking a six-pack at home last night, but that was after he’d already had a number of drinks at the bar. Normally after a night like that he wakes up needing to piss like a race horse, but today he hadn’t felt the urge at all. And he’d just topped it off with a liter of water. No wonder he feels like he’s ready to bust. “What’d you do to me?”Venom doesn’t answer right away, at least not with words, just growing thicker within Eddie. Eddie barely chokes back the shout that tries to rise up his throat, his hands fisting against his thighs as he tries desperately not to draw attention to himself. He can’t stop the wrecked sound that slips out of him when the pressure in his bladder increases, the urge to pee having never been so great.Shorts suddenly starting to feel too tight, the elastic cutting into his stomach, Eddie’s eyes drop as his hands rise to his stomach again, the bulge now clearly visible even through his baggy hoodie. Shoving the shorts lower to relieve the pressure, Eddie is hit by a sudden wave of contentment. “Venom!? Now would be a great time for an explanation.”
We were hungry.
“We ate last night.”
Not enough. Never enough.
“So the reason for this is…?” Eddie lets the question hang there, still having no idea what the fuck is going on.
Humans secrete excess phenethylamine through their urine. This process is sped up through exercise.
“Are you seriously drinking my piss right now?” Eddie asks, face twisting in disgust. It’s easier to latch onto that than think about just how much influence Venom so clearly has over him.
The alternatives are ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Xeno
Body Horror
Tentacles
Semi-Public Sex
Urethral Play
Sounding
Desperation
Inflation
Stomach Bulge
Wetting
Mind Manipulation

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

