Chapter 1: Surrender
    




Chapter Text
There's a lot of things Eddie hasn't been able to do since Venom. That's all his life can be broken down to now; pre-Venom and post-Venom. He can't shower like he used to. The familiar press of Venom's curiousity blooming in his mind as he washes his body. He hasn't even considered masturbation. Though the thought pops up naturally from time to time and even though Venom never says anything, there's a hunger there. A deep seeded hunger that radiates from Venom that Eddie tries to shut out completely. He can't sleep like he used to either. He's been having dreams. Not every night, but often enough. Filled with swirling black tendrils and the feeling of safety. Echoed words in Venom's deep, all encompassing voice. 
"You did not find us. We found you."
 "I am Venom. And you are mine." His. Venom told him that the very first night he showed himself and it replays in his head when he feels sad. Whenever he feels lonely. A dark, dark pit settles in his stomach. He swallows it down when it threatens to travel up his throat. He wakes from these dreams with Venom's corporeal form wrapped around his body. Tight around the backs of his knees and the insides of his thighs. Under his arms and across his chest. Possessive. Venom stirs the moment he does, but he never moves. He's content with squeezing around Eddie's back to get closer still, which isn't possible, but Venom tries. Maybe because Eddie knows somewhere in the back of his mind that Venom can see his dreams, can feel what Eddie needs even though Eddie can't ask for it. - - - - - He just wanted a few drinks. He had no intentions of talking to anyone. On his fourth beer, the familiar swirl of pleasant warmth rocked his body to let him know he should stop soon. One more, he thinks. There's a flash of unease about something before it happens, so Eddie is at least a little prepared when a man slides down to sit next to him at the bar. Venom is watching. The man raises a finger at the bartender and in a few moments he's slid a drink across the counter. "Another one for him, too." Eddie hasnt realized his beer is almost gone before it's taken from his hand and his fifth of the night is pushed into his fingers. Eddie looks up at the man over the top of the mouth of the beer bottle. He's nice looking. Dark haired. Not quite as drunk as Eddie feels. Dressed in a suit. "Anyone told you you're pretty before?" His gut flips at the compliment. "I mean, you're masculine and all that, but-" Eddie watches the man look down at his lips and over his frame before his confident gaze rests back up to his face. "But you're really pretty."Eddie. He can feel the blistering heated anger from under his skin. It rises up to settle tight in his chest. Eddie squeezes his eyes shut. He opens them and finds the man is waiting for him to answer."One or twice, yeah." He supplies. Fuck, he'd just wanted to drink alone. He should have bought a pack of beer at the store and-The man shifts closer, his mouth pressed against Eddie's ear. A hand grips the small of his back and pulls his crotch almost onto the man's lap. Despite his discomfort, the starts of arousal prickle the edges of his vision. The man nips at his neck. Just once, but Eddie bites down on the inside of his cheek against the shudder that threatens to rack his body.Eddie. Venom is bristling, like a cat with its back raised. Eddie puts his hand on the man's chest. Moreso to get distance between their bodies but the man takes it as encouragment."Come on, pretty. Let me take you home. You deserve," a wet swipe of tongue along his pulse, "a good fucking."No. It sounds like a command. Definitive. An answer that was a fact, that you can't respond to.
But-
No. Eddie doesn't know how to tell Venom it's been a long time since he's had this, since he's let someone give him pleasure. And the man was clearly interested. It's been since before Anne, since he was the one who...he really just wanted...But he doesn't have to explain anything to Venom because he's thinking all these things and Venom knows because he's inside him, he's listening and he knows what Eddie needs. He knows. No sooner are these thoughts all jumbled together that he feels a rumble at the base of his spine.You are mine.The rumble travels up and down his back like an invisible tongue and Eddie holds back a sound at the sensation. "I'm in a relationship," he whispers. The man doesn't seem bothered. He just nuzzles his face into the bunched up clothe of Eddie's hoodie. He bites the skin of his neck again."Well I don't see him here," he responds. Eddie feels lightheaded and Venom only sends through a single warning before taking control. Thankfully, he still used Eddie's voice as opposed to his own."He is here. He's watching you." And that was that, Venom gave Eddie control back as easily as he had taken it and the man backed away from him with his hands raised. Eddie put a few bills on the counter and manages to leave the bar and get int
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Porn with Feelings
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Mildly Dubious Consent
Restraints
Suicidal Thoughts
Possessive Behavior
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Multiple Orgasms
Anal Sex
Rimming
Touch-Starved
Telepathy
Telepathic Bond
Self-Hatred
Praise Kink
Mind Control
Partial Mind Control
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
I mean there are feelings
a lot of this is porn
Sounding
Riding
Subspace
kind of
Gentle Sex
Porn With Plot
Shower Sex
Internalized Homophobia
and Venom ain't having that shit
Intense Sex
Intense Orgasms
Dry Orgasm
Prolonged Symbiote Orgasms

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

