Chapter 1: Fever
    




Chapter Text


Fever

Ever since her spider bite, Penny had managed to avoid every cold, sinus infection, and flu that had passed through her school. In the last year and a half, Ned had been sick several times, and MJ had even sneezed on her once (on accident…but it had still been gross.) Then May had come down with that flu that had left her exhausted and throwing up for four days straight. Penny had been the one to take care of her, although Miss Potts had come over one day to help, bringing soup and a bunch of medicine. After May had been feeling better, Mr. Stark and Miss Potts had had them over for dinner, and Mr. Stark had asked if she was feeling okay, but Penny was feeling fine, and she had been ever since.Ned had wondered aloud if she even could get sick. Once in the lab, after she'd brought up the question herself, Mr. Stark had drawn a little blood and had run some tests, but nothing had been conclusive. Mostly, he was just impressed at her mutation and together, the two of them had looked through the research he'd done so far. He had managed to study her DNA without making her feel like a science experiment, and at no point had she felt uncomfortable. They'd looked at her metabolism as well, him trying to figure out exactly how much she needed to eat, and her admitting that she felt exhausted and hungry most days between breakfast and lunch, which had led to Mr. Stark developing some special protein bars that he'd had delivered to her house in bulk. They tasted like chocolate and were delicious.When Doctor Banner and Thor had reappeared from…well, wherever it was they'd disappeared to (she hadn't been given a lot of detail, but Mr. Stark had promised to tell her the whole story someday soon when things settled down) with Loki and a bunch of Asgardian people, Mr. Stark had brought her down into the lab, introduced her to Doctor Banner, and, after getting her permission of course, they'd taken another look at her blood, working together to come up with a somewhat effective pain medication for her. Mr. Stark hadn't told Doctor Banner about her alter-ego, but she had when they'd been working. So now Thor and Doctor Banner, who were living with Mr. Stark in the tower for the moment, knew about Spidergirl, along with Loki who didn't seem to care one way or another.Ever since the Homecoming incident, she'd been going over to the Compound, then the Tower, every other weekend for her 'internship.' He'd been nice enough to make sure she got school credit for it, assuring her that it really wasn't a problem, and while May went out with Miss Potts, Penny and Mr. Stark worked together in the lab, him messing around with his armor and her tinkering with her web-shooters or trying to improve her web-fluid. Slowly, he'd gone from distant mentor to a…well, she didn't want to say father figure. It seemed too intimate…to informal. Still, he seemed to like having her around, they texted sometimes, and he even had her stay over after the lab work so that they could watch movies some nights. Lately, Doctor Banner and even Thor had joined them.It was pretty cool…she was Spidergirl and she had an internship with Stark Industries that she was getting college credit for and she got to spend personal, one-on-one time with her idol, Tony Stark a.k.a. Iron Man! So, despite the occasional incident with Flash, the piling up of her homework, trying to keep her identity a secret from her classmates along with the rest of New York, and other normal teenage girl problems, she had to admit, life was pretty great. And then she'd gotten a cough.It wasn't a bad one. She'd woken up on Tuesday morning with a sore throat and a cough and had immediately ignored it, taking a shot of cold medicine, drinking a glass of orange juice then downing a whole glass of ice water. All day, she'd drank ice water and at lunch, she bought more orange juice. She thought maybe she should skip patrols, but she felt mostly fine by the time school was over so she went on as usual, cheerfully greeting Karen as she swung her way around the city. There wasn't a ton of action…she managed to stop a guy from breaking into an apartment…it turned out that it was his apartment and he'd just been trying to get back in after being locked out, but still…her heart had been in the right place. She'd said hi to Mr. Delmar and had given a confused tourist directions to the ferry. And then she'd stopped a guy from stealing a bicycle.She hadn't done anything particularly strenuous, but by 7:30, as she sat on a rooftop a few miles from home, she felt a cold sweat on her forehead, and her whole body felt several pounds heavier. She knew she could make it home, but her throat was killing her and she was exhausted. Unfortunately, she had several hours worth of homework, so she had no choice but to ignore Karen who suggested she get some rest and webbed her way back home, then worked until she passed out at her desk and May had to rouse her and coax her 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Whumptober 2018
Irondad
Penny Parker - Freeform
Female Spiderman
Peter is Penny because Peter is a girl
Tony Stark Has A Heart
spiderman - Freeform

fandom: 
None
