Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Goodbye Eddie”


The words echo in Eddie’s mind and he screams, reaching up to Venom. The symbiote almost disappears in front of his eyes, the heat of the explosion rendering him to bits and pieces and something in Eddie breaks. When he falls into the ice cold water, he doesn’t even feel the temperature. It has nothing on the empty coldness of his mind, like a vital part of him has been torn away. That’s an accurate description.


It takes him a while to notice that he’s drowning, his body weak and aching all over, exhausted and pulling him down. Eddie fights. He needs to find Venom and bring him to safety, he needs to check on Anne and then do everything to make Venom whole again. He can't give up now.


When Eddie finally pulls his exhausted body on the shore, he’s almost unconscious, barely keeping himself on top of the water and once he’s on the land, Eddie closes his eyes and tries to breathe through the emptiness in his mind. It’s like a gaping hole, pain spreading through every cell of his body, not physical but so so sharp.


“Venom? Buddy?” he asks weakly and looks around.


There’s not a trace of the symbiote anywhere and his mind is silent and still. He can’t feel Venom there, no matter how much he tries and Eddie feels broken for some reason. They knew each other for such a short amount of time but fuck, it already feels like missing a vital part of him. Eddie’s not sure how did he get so attached in such little time but he did, and now that Venom is gone… The world seems grey and bland and cold. Though, that may also be just the water and wet clothes.


“Eddie!” someone screams and Eddie perks up, then deflates immediately. He’s happy that Anne is okay, but that’s not a voice he wanted to hear. “Eddie, where are you?!”


“Here, Anne,” he croaks back, throat sore from all the salt water. “I’m here.”


It hurts to say “I” instead of “we” and he’s not sure why did he get so used to not being one being. He misses Venom already, he’s scared and he wants to find and protect him as Venom protected him earlier. Yet, nothing comes up, no matter how much he looms around, so finally, Eddie just falls back on the sand and waits for Anne to get there.


Once she does, he smiles at her shakily and leans against her when she helps him sit up. Anne’s eyes are worried and they look over him searching for injuries. There are none, just some bruises and a very torn soul and mind, as well as bloody clothes. He still remembers dying, fading away, and he hates thinking how Venom may have felt the same when they were falling. Eddie doesn’t want to think about it.


“What about Venom?” she asks gently and Eddie just smiles sadly.


“Gone,” he says, voice as hollow as his mind. “He...protected me. And now he’s gone.”


Eddie isn’t worth it. His life isn’t worth Venom’s life. Living with the guilt and the emptiness in his mind isn't worth just existing in this fucking shitty world. Alone.


“Oh, Eddie,” Anne sighs and looks at him with sad eyes. “I’m sorry. I know that you...cared about him.”


Eddie just shrugs, too exhausted to muster more of a reaction. His insides feel cold, his whole body is bruised and his mind isn't sure what to do, now that he’s alone there. At first, sharing his body with Venom felt bad, weird and wrong but now he can’t imagine anything else. And he has to keep living like that.


“Yeah,” he whispers and looks down at his bloodies, bruised hands. “Think I can go home now? Don’t feel like answering questions.”


“I think I can smuggle you through,” Anne sends him a sad smile. “We’ll deal with the rest later, okay? You’ll have to give your statement to the police and you’ll be able to sue Life Foundation for a really large sum of money.”


Eddie just nods. He knows all of that but now he just doesn’t have the energy to even think about the future. Future without Venom. What was so special about Venom that without him Eddie feels hollow and incomplete? How come it only took a few days of sharing the same body for him to get so attached and protective over Venom? He’s not sure if he even cares now. Venom is gone. That’s all there is to it.


Anne helps him stand and together they make their way through the people and police, and by some miracle, no one bothers either of them. Eddie is glad. He doesn’t want to deal with all of that now. He asks Anne to drop him next to some motel, he just wants to take a shower and curl up in a bed, forget about the world for some time.


“Not your place?”


“I don’t… I don’t want to be there now,” he answers quietly.


Eddie doesn’t have to explain. He doesn’t want to be in a place where he once was with Venom. Everything hurts too much and he doesn’t think he can handle remembering Venom now. Not yet.


Finally, he spends some of his remaining money on a room and after a shower, drops on the bed. It’s shitty but warm and he curls under the blankets, trying to appear as small as possible. Maybe then it will stop hurting so much so that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Loneliness
Sad Eddie
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Falling In Love
with your alien symbiote
Oblivious Eddie Brock
Confused Venom Symbiote
Light Angst
Soulmates
they belong together
Jealous Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Love Confessions
First Kiss
Slow Dancing

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

