Work Text:

i. CLINT BARTON

 

 
There was a training room in the Tower that Peter was allowed to use when supervised. Clint, enjoying watching a seventeen-year-old flip around a room with knives in his hands (the hardcore version of running with scissors) always volunteered to supervise.“This is too easy,” Peter moaned, backflipping and sending a knife into the target, dead centre. Clint quirked an eyebrow.“Do it blindfolded.”Peter frowned, rolled his eyes, but went to collect the blindfold anyway. Clint sat, cross-legged, at the side of the room. The compound was almost finished with renovations. It was to be completed half way through March, and with it being two weeks away, Clint was excited to see the new building. They’d only had the compound for a few years, but he considered it a home away from home. Tony had asked him for his opinions a few weeks ago about the décor for his children’s rooms.His children. Their rooms were apparently opposite his in a quieter wing of the compound, away from the early riser of Steve Rogers and loud stomping feet of a particular god of thunder. Tony was really thinking of everything, when it came to the new building. Including, he guessed, an expansive new Iron Suite to hold his brand new kid.Peter flipped, blindfolded, and still hit the target perfectly.“Show off,” Clint said.Peter grinned. “It hit, huh?”“Yeah, but the interest wears off once I’ve seen it a hundred times. You want to do something else?”Peter pushed up the blindfold until it sat on his forehead. “Like what?”Clint shrugged. “Snoop.”“Snoop?”“Yeah,” Clint said, standing. “There’s vents that run throughout the entire building, built big enough to hide in in case of an attack, and therefore, big enough to crawl through.”“You want me, an ex-terrorist, to climb through the vents of a secure, SHIELD agent-riddled building.” It wasn’t a question. Clint nodded. Peter grinned. * “Oh my god,” Peter whispered, staring down a vent slat into a meeting. Tony and Pepper sat at one end of the table, their outfits every bit as polished as could be expected. Some board member was arguing about something and Tony looked two inches from falling asleep.Clint peeked down the other vent for the room. He had a slightly different angle and Peter glanced up to see his smirk. “This is super confidential,” he whispered. They were connected with a comms system because Clint was treating it like a mission to gather intel. Almost like I’m training you, huh?Clint could see the presentation displayed on the wall, the confidential water mark painted across it. It looked like a new technology that someone wanted to build. Looked an awful lot like a weapon to him.“No,” Pepper said, standing and breaking the conversation. “We’re not building it. It’s got too much potential for disaster.”“It heals!” someone argued back. Clint couldn’t see their face.“Oh, don’t kid yourself,” Pepper retorted. “That’s a super soldier serum in the making. We didn’t take on Extremis and its healing, and we’re not taking on this. I do not care what promises you made to shareholders and the inventors, but this has “world domination” written all over it.”“Yeah, Pepper, you tell ‘em,” Peter said, further down the vent. Clint sighed and let his forehead drop against the vent.The members of the board looked up then, frowns on their faces.“Peter?” Pepper asked, her voice wary.“Hey,” he said. “I’m gonna go now, I just thought I’d say you’re doing great.”Clint watched Pepper struggle to decide between smiling or not. She landed on something in between. “Thanks honey,” she called back, almost confused. Behind her, Tony was laughing into the hand he’d pressed over his mouth and Clint shook his head at it all.“You know,” he said, conversationally. “The whole point of this was to be hidden. Stealthy, kid. If you wanted them to know we’re here, you might as well have just walked through the door.”Behind him in the vent, Peter laughed. Later, Clint would have an angry board member and a security guard remind him of the definition of the word confidential. Until then, Clint wanted to learn a little more about Sam Wilson’s search history, and he figured he could do that with the kid.  
ii. STEVE ROGERS

 

 
“Mr Good and Righteous,” Peter greeted without looking up from his textbook. Steve frowned – he’d barely entered the living room of the Stark house; how did the kid know it was him?“Peter,” he replied. “You busy?”Peter shrugged, flipping the textbook closed. “Not really. Homework was made to be ignored.”Steve sent him a look. “Homework is supp-”“I know,” Peter huffed. “I’ve heard your homework PSA like three times this month.” He rolled his eyes. “So, you haven’t completed your homework.”Steve’s lips twitched into half a smile. The kid had his cadence down. “You know, I was told they’d stop airing those after like a year,” he said. “It was all pro-Avengers propaganda. Like how Stark visited a bunch of hospitals after the Chitauri and Clint did that charity run?”“And yet they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter says Fuck
Teen for language
Family Bonding
Emotional Conversations
Fluff
lots of fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

