Work Text:


Steve looked down at his phone as a call came in and hastily answered it. The phone fell from his hand as he covered his mouth in horror.“What is it, Steve?” Clint asked coming over in worry,“Pe…Peggy…she’s…she’s passed away.” Everyone quickly went over to comfort the crying man, no one noticed Tony quickly run out of the room. “The funeral…is in three days.” He sobbed. “Oh, Steve. I am so sorry.” Natasha whispered running a hand down his back comfortingly as Clint moved to the other side and Thor sat alongside Bruce in front of the trio with worried expressions.Four of the Avengers stayed around Steve. Comforting him and distracting him as much as possible until the day of the funeral when he’d most likely fall apart once again. 
——LINE BREAK——
 The billionaire watched in confusion as the blond leader began to cry. Then he whispered haunting words. As his teammates all gathered around Steve, Tony made his escape. Stumbling out and into the elevator that took him down to his lab. The second he entered his haven, he threw himself to the side and slumped down the wall with a thump.“You have a new message, sir. Would you like me to play it?”“Go ahead.” Came a barely audible response through Tony’s sobs,“Hey Tony, it’s Sharon…Aunt Peggy…she…” There was a muffled cry, “She passed away in her sleep. I…I hope you come to the funeral…it’s in three days…on the 21st…Aunt Peggy… she would…have loved for you to…to say something…” Sharon went quiet on the other end and Tony thought the call was over but she spoke up again, “Tony…don't lock yourself away…you can’t bottle it all in. I know…I know you love Aunt Peggy…she was like a mother to you…and I know these past few years have been difficult…but you can’t hide away. You need to…you need to let it all out. Mourn. Please for your wellbeing…mourn and cry. Let it all out.” She was quiet again and released a sniffle, “If anyone has the right to grieve…it’s you. Call your friend, Rhodey. Let it all out, cousin. Love you, Tony…I hope you come to the funeral.” The message ended and Tony released a choked wail.“Would you like to send a message back? Or shall I do one for you, sir?”“Tell…tell her I’ll be…there.” Is all he said through his tears,“Certainly, sir.” There was a brief pause, “You have my condolences, sir. Mrs Carter will be missed by all. I agree with Miss Sharon Carter that you should call Mr Rhodes.” But Tony didn’t answer, he just buried his face in his arms, which were wrapped around his knees. The arc reactor made it difficult for him to breath, but he was too upset to care. When he began to feel faint, Tony threw his head back where it smacked the wall painfully. He lost himself to the memories of his precious aunt: 
The times she visited Stark Mansion and came bearing gifts before Tony was shipped off to school. 
When she celebrated with Tony for coming first in the 4th Annual M.I.T. Robot Design Award.
When she was standing and cheering at Tony’s graduation…the one his own parents couldn’t make.
The day she walked solemnly up to Tony to hug him tight at his parents’ joint funeral. 
Then the following days when she slapped him out of his hangover and told him to stop drinking himself half to death.
The day he came back from Afghanistan and she stood by Pepper’s side, hugging him and comforting the stoic man.
Then staying by his side for the next few weeks to make sure he was okay (and because she thought he’d vanish the minute she looked away).
She held him tightly after the near-death experience with Obadiah ripping his arc reactor out and then him dying. She stayed for the fallout (Tony’s mental breakdown).
 Tony scrubbed at the waterfall of tears that rapidly fell down his face, he released a watery chuckle at some of the memories that clouded his mind. 
The time Peggy heard about his birthday along with his Palladium poisoning (she was not amused at his excuse of “thought it would be my last”) and gave him a black eye (for an almost ninety-year-old, she could still pack one hell of a punch).
The day Tony and Sharon had to take her to a home. Of course, it was full of the best nurses and was suitable for Peggy. But at ninety, Peggy could no longer live at her own place, despite her holding onto her strength for so long. She was just too frail now.
The painful day when her Alzheimers got the better of her.
Then the day Tony thought was one of the worst days in all his life (it sat up there with his own parents’ deaths with Afghanistan, the poisoning, the wormhole, etc all far down below it). It was the day Peggy called him ‘Howard’. He had walked into her room just like he had the previous week, with a grin and some flowers. He’d kissed her cheek and taken a seat on the bed after placing her favourite flowers in a vase. “Oh, Howard, those are lovely. I can’t believe you remembered them!’” Tony just grinned tightly and played her charade. The moment he’d walked out of her room, he’d managed two steps before falling against the wall and bursting i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tony Stark & Thor Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Clint is mean
natasha is mean
Steve is mean
They apologise though
Peggy's Funeral
Aunt Peggy Carter
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Godparent
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark-centric
Hurt Tony Stark
Alzheimer's Disease
Wakes & Funerals
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Swearing
I'm Bad At Titles
Jarvis lives
Arc reactor is still there

fandom: 
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers

