Work Text:
 “Time for a snack for   my snack.”Venom’s chuckle rumbles through Eddie’s mind, reverberating through its deepest recesses. His glee is only in part because he gets his cut from their supermarket outings. He has been fascinated by shopping centers ever since they went out to the first one. Rows and rows of snacks all colorfully decorated, arranged in neat little ordered stacks rather than piles, and wrapped up right like gifts—another wonderful Earth custom. Most of them contain little more than garbage, certainly, but that does nothing to mar the festivity of the thing. And to think these stores exist on almost every corner. Some so large it would take him several bounds to cross. He wants to try them all out, but Eddie is very particular about his little one and their little neighboring morsel who runs it.Eddie can't help but flinch when Venom first pipes up. He's getting more and more accustomed to having another voice in his head, but it still can startle him when he speaks up for the first time after a period of quiet. What he is getting better at, though, is resisting the instinct to answer him aloud. "Yeah yeah," he thinks back. "On my way to get some right now." He doesn't quite know what to make of being called a snack himself, so he chooses not to address it. There are more important things to worry about. He is due for some proper grocery shopping.”What are we getting today, Eddie,” Venom asks teasingly, already knowing the right answer and making sure his ride does too."I know you're gonna want some form of protein," he begins. "And I know just a place to get some. I think you'll like it. Chock full of all kinds of seafood right outta the bay."”Oh?” Now that piques his interest. As long as it’s fresh.”
"Definitely. And don't worry, they have your other favorites too."
 “Chocolate~” he rumbles in approval and goes silent for now, enjoying the scenic view. Eddie does as well. It's been a little while since he had the means to shop here. Being a family-run business, this market doesn't exactly have the same convenient price tag of a chain, but now that he's getting work again, he can better afford it. More importantly, he can afford the fresh-caught seafood that can't be beat by any chain.Venom picks and probes at the recesses of his mind to get a better idea what is up, but older memories are always harder to access. Ones Eddie isn’t actively trying to share doubly so. Not that he would ever let his nibble know that.When they reach their destination, Eddie hops off the trolley and heads for the entrance. Outside, this looks just about like any other supermarket.  Inside, though, is almost another world. All kinds of foods not available in regular supermarkets are stacked up in row after row of shelves, but Eddie knows Venom hardly gives a thought about exotic fruits or international snacks (well, aside from chocolate). Nah, he's taking his cart right to the back where all the meat and fish is.“Ooooh....”. Now this is more he likes it. “Eddie. Eddie, what are those?” he asks, dragging his host towards the frogs of all things."Eh...?" Oh no. "They're, uh...they're amphibians? The french like to eat their legs? They're, uh, not very meaty." He hopes that will detract him from wanting to try frog. It doesn’t work. "I like them!” Venom bellows, salivating through Eddie’s shirt as his head emerges through the host’s stomach to take a closer look. Several of the slimy treats hop back in alarm. ”Let’s try one!” Of course soon after something else catches his attention and Brock is dragged in the opposite direction. “Eddie, what is that!?” He goes for the sea urchins. They are labeled and he can read, by the way, he is just extraordinarily lazy and prefers to have the labels dictated to him."Jesus!" Eddie can't help but mutter that aloud when Venom actually rears his head through his torso.  He desperately closes her jacket to try and hide the alien face, grunting when he is suddenly pulled from frogs to something...worse. "Th-...Those are sea urchins. I don't even know how humans eat them." “Whole! Crunchy!” Venom infers aloud. Who wouldn’t with all those delectable-looking spines? Next it’s the star fish and the sharks. Anything with a pulse he demands to try.
"Jesus, why can't you be interested in the usual classics here? What about the abalone, sand dab, shrimp or Dungeness crab? That's the good stuff!"
”Mmm...” Venom allows him to turn their attention to the other bits. The shrimp are less than impressive. Such tiny nibbles. But the others have potential. ”Yes. Good. Try all,” he answers like the intrusive thought he is.
 “Fresh. Drizzled with chocolate.” 
He tugs a little closer towards the large enclosure where a whole, live octopus swims. “Oh Eddie. You did so good to bring us here.”  The symbiote is having a hard time not making them salivate."Whoah whoah whoah..." Eddie starts. "We can't afford that whole thing. Besides...octopus are so smart. I'd feel bad having that thing killed and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Sex
Stuffing
Belly Kink
Vore
Human/Monster Romance
Xenophilia
Soft Vore
movie!verse
Belly Rubs
Transformation
Bondage
Tongue Sex
Neck Kissing
sharp teeth
Anal Sex Teased
Frotting
Alien Cock
Feeding Kink
Post-Movie
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

