Work Text:







The scent of pine washed over Eddie, sharp and crisp, its earthy presence invading him with every inhale. Long shadows grew along the forest floor, tall trees swaying gently as a breeze blew past.





He knew this place, he dreamt of it often. 

His vision blurred around this edges but the figure approaching him remained stark and clear. Her warm eyes, her soft smile, full lips moving closer until they pressed against his. The kiss was tentative at first, questioning until Eddie opened his mouth and deepened it. He moved his arms to wrap around her, pull her closer, but he couldn’t quite get a grip. She was changing, moving fluidly, growing and morphing into something different. Something...familiar.

 He felt the cold press of sharp teeth on his mouth, a long tongue swiping against the seam of his lips. Eddie gasped in surprise and the figure who was undeniably no longer Anne took advantage, shoved its tongue deeper, licking its way further into his mouth. Eddie shuddered, groaned, and positively melted into the kiss.
He woke with a start, arousal singing loudly through his veins. He was laying on his stomach, the hardness of his growing erection pressed against the mattress. He rocked his hips involuntarily, rubbing against a wet spot already forming on the sheets, before he reined in his self control and stilled his body. 
Eddie?
Eddie’s pulse thudded loudly in the quiet of the room and he willed his hammering heart to settle. “Go back to sleep,” he croaked, wincing at the crack in his voice.I don’t need to sleep. Venom sounded almost proud of the fact, as if Eddie’s human needs were a weakness. Speaking of needs… Eddie pushed away those thoughts before Venom could latch on. What’s wrong?“Nothing,” Eddie replied, rolling over to his side and rubbing his face with his hands. His stiff cock throbbed in denial. This wasn’t the first dream Eddie had had like this and he knew, unfortunately, it would not be the last. He could hardly expect differently when he hadn’t touched himself in months, always aware of Venom’s presence in his mind, his watchful existence. Not that he was complaining, of course.Those few weeks after he fell from the air, escaping the burning flames to drop into the water, he was miserable. Having Venom ripped away from him was a near physical pain and he mourned his absence woefully. When they found each other again and bonded once more, Eddie knew how it felt to be truly complete. He wouldn’t change a thing, even if it led to uncomfortable moments like these.Are you in pain? Eddie could feel Venom traveling through his body, like a scanner at an airport, moving his way through every crack and crevice, searching. His skin tingled at the sensation and he bit his lip to quell the pulse of arousal it caused.“No,” Eddie huffed. He turned back onto his stomach and squeezed his eyes shut. His cock twitched happily at the returned pressure of the mattress. “Just give me a moment.”No, not pain. Venom sounded curious, intrigued. Eddie bit his lip harder. This is something different, no? Desire?“Can we just, not?” Eddie’s cheeks burned. He would not--refused--to have this conversation. “You don’t have to worry about it.”You’re wrong. Venom’s words felt less like a rebuke and more like a caress. Eddie shivered in response. It is my worry. Your pain, your discomfort...your pleasure. These are all my concerns.“I assure you, they are not,” Eddie ground out. His straining cock was refusing to cooperate. It seemed to very much agree with Venom’s affirmation.Eddie startled at the slight pressure on his cheek. Soft tendrils brushed against it, light and soothing. A whisper of a touch. You forget, foolish human. You are mine. Eddie shook his head even as drops of pre-come beaded at the tip of his swollen cock. What do you need?The touch against his cheek moved, traveling to the nape of his neck, across his shoulder blades, down his spine.“I don’t--” Eddie began, voice hoarse and colored with lust. “I don’t need anything.”
Liar.
“No,” Eddie protested.
You cannot lie to me, you cannot lie to yourself.
The touch moved further south, to the small of his back, the pressure increasing, slipping to move between his crack, to spread him open--“Venom!” Eddie jerked in surprise, feeling a gust of cool air brush against his exposed hole.Yes? Venom asked, sounding amused.“Don’t,” Eddie mumbled, his teeth digging so deep into his lower lip he could taste the copper tang of blood. The air shifted and he could feel Venom separating himself from his body, arching away, filling the space behind him. “Please,” Eddie gasped as the press of Venom’s sharp teeth lightly scraped against back. “Don’t--”Yes? Venom repeated. Eddie could hear the same desire thrumming through his veins reverberating in Venom’s voice. Eddie swallowed roughly and prayed he wouldn’t regret this come morning. “Don’t stop,” he whispered on a breathy exhale.Never, Venom promised and then said no more as his tongue descended between Eddie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Wet Dream
First Time
Rimming
Tentacle Sex
Mind Sex
Fluff and Smut
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Porn with Feelings
Symbiotic Relationship

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

