Work Text:

 This place is a mess. 
“Yeah? Well, whose fault is that?”Eddie swings his foot in a lazy arc, kicking an empty can across his apartment floor. Ta-tink-tink-tink. It rolls out of sight.  Carlton Drake’s, Venom quips back. They also provide the helpful reminder that  Eddie  was the one who opened the door despite a concise warning otherwise.“Well, he’s dead, so that means you’re next in line for the blame game. And don’t pretend like a fuckin’ door would’ve stopped those psychopaths from barging in.”At least the bodies and most of the blood are gone. Whether that’s thanks to the police, feds, or Life Foundation’s PR department, Eddie neither knows nor gives a shit. After the whirlwind that’s been the last week of his life, he just wants some peace and quiet.Venom doesn’t respond, so Eddie chooses to believe that he’s won. The symbiote radiates satisfaction nonetheless, though he gathers that’s largely contributed to their recent meal.It’d be easy to leech off of that feeling and enter a state of contented uselessness, but it is  really  fucking disgusting in here, and that’s coming from somebody with incredibly low standards. So he rolls up his sleeves, grabs a trash bag, and shoves everything he doesn’t categorize as “vital” inside of it. It fills up quickly; he grabs another. By the third, he realizes that he’s got a few extra limbs extending from his sides, helping him along.He must look like the world’s ugliest human centipede, even having Tom Six’s abomination with which to compete. Somehow, that doesn’t bother him.“Thanks,” he says.Venom’s response is a slow squeeze of his biceps before the black recedes.The floors could really use a good mopping, but to do that, he’d need a few important components, such as: a mop. He settles with sweeping, even though the repetitive movement makes his back ache.He picks up some of his shit off of the floor and compiles his dirty laundry. A few dishes linger in the sink and he nearly ignores them, but ultimately decides to suck it up and get them out of the way. They’re filthy and covered in some kind of burnt substance—likely from one of his rapid attempts to feed Venom via the microwave—and by the time he’s done, he deems a shower necessary. He’s rank.The lukewarm water is somewhat of a relief. He stands in the shower for what feels like an eternity, eventually conceding to get out when Venom tugs at him.
You need rest.
“Mhm.” Eddie scrubs the bath towel over his hair before hanging it up.
All organic life requires time to recharge energy. 
He slips on a pair of fresh boxers. “Yes, dear.”An incredulous, lengthy pause. Venom speaks again only when Eddie flops onto his bed and stares at the ceiling with heavy eyes. Your heart rate is elevated and your muscles remain tense. It’s a statement, but Eddie deciphers the questioning intent.“Still a little keyed up, I guess. We’ve been through so much action the past few days. Must be subconsciously expecting shit to hit the fan again.”Once he voices the idle thought aloud, it becomes tangible. Although his exhaustion runs bone-deep, he doesn’t foresee falling asleep anytime soon—not with the mild paranoia that wracks him with shivers. It sucks. He usually considers himself particularly skilled at sleeping regardless of the time or place. It comes with being an investigative reporter—cat-napping when the opportunity arose, becoming familiar with unfamiliar locations.  Adapting. Turn over.“Huh? Why?”
 Do it! 
Bossy. Eddie obliges, settling onto his stomach and tucking his arms under a pillow. Patches of his skin grow taut—a feeling he’s come to recognize as Venom emerging from inside of him.Thick tendrils roll over his shoulders with intent. They’re warm, and just slightly slick. Eddie quirks a brow.“A massage?”“Yes.”“Do you even know anything about human physiology? They say an ignorant masseuse can do some serious damage.” His arms should be by his sides, for one, and he’s pretty sure massage tables have that face hole for neck stability more than breathability.Venom’s shadow overlaps his pillow. “I live inside of you,” they say, exasperation coloring their gritty voice. “I know enough.”“Not particularly reassuring, but okay. Go for it.” As if he’d turn this down, noviced groping or otherwise.Within seconds, Eddie can tell that Venom is wholeheartedly winging it, but the fact that they’re trying it all is—sweet. Yeah. They put pressure on Eddie’s shoulder blades first, but when Eddie winces the tendrils fall to the softer muscle beneath them. They pulsate, which is—weird. But not bad.“Go for the upper shoulders and neck,” he encourages.Venom releases some kind of noise that Eddie reads as reluctant assent; they don’t like being told what to do, but it’s clear that they trust Eddie’s guidance. Thicker, sturdier extensions of Venom latch onto Eddie’s shoulders and  squeeze.  The viscosity, the texture, the  warmth— “Just like that,” he croons. “C’mon.”They repeat the motion, promptly orchestrating a rhythm, and it’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Post-Movie
Tentacle Sex
Alien Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rimming
Fluff

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

