Chapter 1: ONE
    




Chapter Text

ONE

You know what...?"
Peter could already tell that whatever was to come out of Flash Thompson's mouth, he wasn't going to enjoy it. He rarely did. Not when Flash made it his duty in life to embarrass Peter. Flash scrunched up his beady eyes and was staring curiously up at the library's ceiling . He sometimes did this in Math class when he was overthinking an equation. Flash's eyes widened, as he came to a sudden realization. He tilted his chin down to be eye level with Peter's questioning gaze.
"I've got a question about Parker's speculated internship." Flash paused, his mouth began to stretch tauntingly. He made exaggerated quotation marks with his fingers around the word, 

internship. 

Peter held his breath, Flash was going to wait until their fellow teammates were going to look up from their respective phones.
Flash pursed his lips, irritably. Peter thought it was too bad Flash couldn't be interested in the drama club. Though it was hard for the older boy to shy away from an audience, he'd be perfect to be on stage. Something Peter never shared the appeal. Unless, Peter was wearing his red and blues, but he doubted Spider-Man would do well in a musical number. Peter watched in slight amusement. As Flash began to chew the inside of cheek, growing irritated at the lack of his teammates noticing him trying to pick on Peter.
Midtown's decathlon team was waiting for Mr. Harrington to arrive for their weekly meeting. Five minutes passed from their usual start time. When their phones started to ring, causing most of Peter's classmates to jump in their seats. Most of them 
did 
not expect the sudden noises in what is supposed to be a quiet place. Peter of course, sat still since his reliable Spidey sense warned him of the upcoming sound.
There had been a group text sent out by their teacher. Cindy, (who was the undefeated champion of first chair.) began to read the message aloud. Apparently, Mr. Harrington was running late and the team should start without him. Which in reality, meant most of Peter's teammates were spending their practice time on their phones. They were sharing posts and chatting animatedly with one another about their plans for the upcoming weekend.Peter had been keeping to himself, idly staring at off in the distance. His phone was nearing a dead battery. Peter knew he would have to use it to call Aunt May after practice to pick him up. So he couldn't be tinkering around on it in the meantime. No one noticed or cared that Flash was starting his favorite daily dose of humiliating, Peter. Flash would call it, Penis Parker time! and boast about it whenever he felt he had the chance. It was something Flash loved doing when teachers weren't around.Flash began to clear his throat in a way that ground Peter's teeth together from the overstimulating sound. Flash's throat sounded congested. It made Peter think that Flash was beginning to have the early stages of a cold.Either way, it annoyed Peter beyond belief. Peter rested his head on his open palm and tried to focus on the shelves behind Flash, trying to find titles of books he hadn't read yet. The problem was Peter had read them all, and nothing seemed to spark Peter's interest enough to think about the contents.
Sally (second, 

and proud of it

, alternate) took pity on Flash's attempts for attention while he continued to clear his throat from the mucus monsters declaring a home against his windpipe. She peered over her dimly lit screen, her pale skin shined as if she was under a spotlight. It exaggerated on her soft features that were twisting in annoyance. Flash seemed to be satisfied by any reaction, curled his lips, and he continued, "is that he wouldn't stop talking about it when Liz was here."
Peter twisted his face into a grimace, and he stared down at the pine table, his knuckles digging into the baby fat in his cheeks. He suddenly was finding the rifts in the wood very interesting and wanted nothing more than to shrink down and disappear from Flash's taunts. The logical side of his brain told him there was no such way, but that didn't stop him from wanting to. Peter knew where Flash was heading, and he hated that he couldn't just tell everyone the truth.
"I mean, Liz is gone now. She's somewhere riding along 

The Oregon Trail

. So now, Parker all the sudden doesn't have his internship with Tony Stark?"
Okay, Peter loved Ned with all his heart, but recently it was difficult for Peter not to be annoyed with his best friend. After the events with Adrian Toomes, Peter had been keeping a low profile, and with that, his schedule cleared up tremendously. Ned was ecstatic that he was finally able to have his best friend back, and Peter was too. Except, it got to the point that Ned didn't sugar coat it. He practically boasted anytime, anywhere (despite Peter's many protests) about how many Lego sets and two-player games the pair was able to complete now. It caused a series of questioning from Peter's pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Dark! Tony Stark
Possessive Behavior
Bullying
Drugs
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Psychological Drama
Dark fic
Set during/after Spider-Man Homecoming
Peter's 16 in this
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Emotional Manipulation
Mind Manipulation
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

