Chapter 1



Summary:

Hey everyone, thanks for reading! Feel free to find me on tumblr at: stilitana





Chapter Text
            On Sundays they stay in bed past noon surrounded by piles of food. When it’s no one but the two of them (as it is more often than not,) they don’t have to be embarrassed by their peculiar cravings. There is nothing peculiar when it is just the two of them—when the door is closed on the rest of the world, everything is safe and familiar and warm, and if they wake up wanting bacon and sausage drenched in chocolate syrup on top of a heap of chocolate chip pancakes, and if the milk that’s just slightly on the wrong side of sour makes their mouth water, well, that’s all just fine. Venom moved their left hand and chugged the milk while Eddie used the right to flip pancakes.            Eddie grimaced. “Oh, man, that had a lump in it.”            “I like it, so you like it.”            “I guess—I can’t tell, really, but it’s still making at least part of me want to hurl.”            Venom set the milk down. It’s the little things like that which Eddie is learning to appreciate. They are learning to make compromises, as any pair sharing an intimate space would need to do, although the boundaries are not so hard to establish when the space is an apartment. In a body it is unprecedented, and they are still learning, but ever since they were reunited, Venom has been receptive to Eddie’s limits, and Eddie in turn has listened and understood that when Venom makes demands it is usually because he has not yet learned the language necessary to get at what he really means. Venom is a needy coil of confusion and hurt and yearning in their belly. There is something hopelessly lost about him and when Eddie realized he was looking for direction from him, something clicked for him, and at last he understood that what had at first felt like an extreme, one-sided violation was in fact a mutual vulnerability—that the offense Venom took at the term parasite was more than just a matter of principle. The relationship was symbiotic, and Venom could not be content if his host saw him as a mere leech, if he only took and took and gave nothing of value.            As far as relationships go, that was something Eddie could understand very well.            They hadn’t spoken about this in so many words—but the images and feelings that passed between them had given Eddie enough of an idea to speculate off of, for now.            They sat on the couch while Venom switched between old cartoon re-runs and sitcoms and Eddie messed around on his laptop idly looking for leads but more so just relaxing. He suspects that Venom’s fondness for cartoons stems from their colorful, exaggerated slapstick violence, a kind of humor he can grasp with his rudimentary knowledge of humanity, without any of the realism that might make their stomach growl, which would invariably kill the peaceful Sunday mood. The sitcoms he calls study material, which only makes Eddie roll his eyes.            “Remember we’re going to dinner at Anne’s tonight,” Eddie said.            Venom rumbled. He had taken to protruding in a snake-like tendril from Eddie’s back and slinking out of his shirt collar to drape himself around Eddie’s shoulders while they are at home. Snake-like would be Venom’s chosen description. Eddie tells him he looks like a noodle with googly-eyes.            Venom grumbled. “More salad?”            Eddie laughed. “Well, you know, Dan’s a doctor, they eat healthy. Unlike some people I know… We should probably lay off the carbs, I’ve put on at least ten pounds since you showed up.”            Venom hummed. “So?”            “So, I don’t know.”            “More comfy now.”            Eddie snorted. “Seriously?”            Venom nodded. “Could nudge your metabolism…”            “What? You can do that?”            “But I won’t.”            “Aw, c’mon…”            “More comfy this way.”            “Your making my body into a freaking nest, I see how it is.”            “We have to make do. Not my fault you don’t eat enough lean protein.”            Eddie spluttered. “Lean protein? Is that what we’re calling human organs now?”            Venom ignored him in favor of swooping down to begin devouring the plate of food.            Eddie sighed. Venom turned narrowed white eyes on him. “Stop worrying, you’re ruining our appetite.”            “I doubt anything could do that, bud.”            “Just tell her.”            “Tell who?”            “Anne, dumbass. We like Anne. You feel…bad for not telling her.”            “Do you mean guilty?”            “…Sure. You feel guilty. So just tell her.”            “But what if she…well, it’s not that easy, you know…”            “Don’t be a pussy, Eddie.”            Eddie groaned. “What if she doesn’t understand! What if she gets mad! What if she—what if she thinks we’re—I don’t know, what if she doesn’t like it?”            “What is there not to like? It’s us.”            “Exactly!”            “Anne won’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Anne/Dan

freeform: 
Domestic
Relationship Negotiation
Developing Relationship
Identity Issues
Body Horror
Alien Cultural Differences
Families of Choice
Courtship
Wooing
How to Wine and Dine Your Extraterrestrial Body-Mate a self-help novel by Eddie Brock
this is like. sensual but not explicit
Miscommunication
Mutual Pining
Slow Burn
Sad with a Happy Ending
Emotionally Repressed

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Anne/Dan

