Work Text:
Being without Venom was surprisingly painful.When they first came to him, they were an intrusion, an unwelcome guest. They lay under his skin and hit every nerve, covering him until he felt suffocated with the additional weight.When he lost Venom, it was so different. It felt as if he had lost some integral, necessary part of his being, as if something that had always been there had been taken away, leaving an alien-shaped hole in its absence.But now?
“Eddie.”
The growl rumbled from within him like the sound of hunger, from his whole body instead of simply from his stomach. Eddie shivered.Shivered as the tendrils drained out of his back, his shoulders, his upper arms, a bit more liquid than usual, just slightly less viscous than he was used to.It left the black masses clinging to his skin without the need to fully fuse with it, content to slowly form Venom’s body behind him.He had been in the middle of walking to his bedroom anyways, but Venom was so impatient.“Yes?” Eddie pretended not to notice the hot breaths weighing down on his bare skin.Venom’s annoyance bristled across both of their bodies, across their collective body.
“Hungry. Need you.”
Big, clawed hands were at his waist, ‘fingers’ teasing under the waistband of his boxers, sliding the fabric down.“Woah, c’mon, let me at least get in bed first,” Eddie laughed, the Symbiote easily following him through the doorway, shutting it behind them and shoving Eddie in the direction of the familiar mattress.
“Don’t like it.”
“Don’t like what?” Eddie crawled up onto the bed, laying down, and Venom’s body followed him fluidly, still attached at his upper arms. The symbiote let their tongue loll out onto Eddie’s face, licking him messily.“That’s- Not an answer,” he chuckled, wiping some of the copious saliva from his face. Venom’s soft white eyes drooped, pouting.“Fine. Don’t like when people touch you.” Venom’s big hands were holding him, sliding up and down his sides as if to demonstrate his point. Eddie smiled.“I’m afraid it’s part of my job description, big guy. Especially if you keep insisting on eating people.” Venom grumbled, frowning, and Eddie leaned up to kiss their teeth.“But. You know I don’t let anyone else touch me like this.” Venom’s eyes almost seemed to light up.
“Only me?”
“Only you. Only  us,” he hummed, feeling warm when those same big hands squeezed his thighs gently, spreading his legs.
“Can-”
“Yes. Yeah, please. It’s been a while, please do,” Eddie said, reaching up to hold Venom’s shoulders, fingers sinking into the mass slightly.Venom rumbled with approval, the feeling of excitement rushing through them into Eddie’s body, letting their tongue fall out of their mouth again, leaning down.Copious amounts of saliva poured down onto Eddie’s quickly hardening dick, making his fingers tighten, Venom’s ‘flesh’ allowing them to sink inside, covering them over and trapping his hands there.He tried not to smash his legs together when that tongue dragged slowly over his dick, small barbs of it pricking his sensitive flesh. He would’ve crushed Venom’s head between his thighs if it weren’t for the large hands melted over them.Melted, just like Eddie was melting into the touch, Venom holding him close and leaving his stomach molten with anticipation.Those teeth grew closer to his flesh, closer and closer still as Venom made (vaguely disgusting) slurping noises, Eddie using all of his self control just to stop himself from bucking his hips into that dagger-lined maw.And finally Venom pulled away, licked the excess saliva from their face, eyeing Eddie like he was nothing but a piece of meat.Eddie  loved  that.But he didn’t get to stare at that crooked toothy grin for long enough, being flipped over onto his hands and knees.The heat pooling in him mostly sank to his stomach, but a bit strayed, making him clench down on nothing, huffing out an impatient breath.“Almost, my love.” His throat bobbed as he swallowed his pride, tilting his neck to one side.Venom had materialized most of a body behind him, over him, weighing him into the mattress. Through it all, Venom’s slick black sea of a form seemed to radiate heat, making him sweat.Fangs grazed the tendon of his shoulder and Eddie tensed up.“H-Hey, careful, not too deep,” he warned, eyes shutting tightly as he waited.
“That’s what she said.”
Before Eddie could comment on the joke, his vision went black, like a circuit shorting, his nerve ends burning out when the knives broke skin.No time to recover. Eddie’s vision clouded with bright, white spots when Venom’s barbed tongue dragged over the bite mark in his shoulder, making a mess of the blood there.Claws were dragging then, shoved into Venom’s mouth for a moment before returning to rest on Eddie’s ass completely covered in saliva. Venom eyed him with an unspoken question.Though he supposed most things Venom said were technically unspoken.“I’m- Yeah, you should prep me, hon’.”That was all the further assent Venom needed, pushing a slicked up, su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Alien Sex
Possessive Venom
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Breeding Kink
Breeding
Oviposition
Come Inflation
Venom has ‘They’ pronouns
Biting
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Dick
I’m gunna call a spade a spade; It’s tentacle porn
Consentacles
Explicit Consent
Enthusiastic Consent
Nothing Is Sexier Than Consent

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

