Work Text:
   "I can't believe Peter actually talked you into... this," Stephen gestures, normally smooth baritone of his voice now thinly veiling obvious incredulity-- and amusement. Leaning against the stairwell of his own home, the other man looks casually at ease in a simple button-up and scruffed jeans; a much more sensible outfit than Tony's, that's for sure. "The infamously suave, too-cool-for-you Mr Stark with fluffy ears, never thought I'd live to see the day."  "If you don't shut up very soon, Strange, I'm going to take a piss in your kitchen sink," Tony grits out, only half joking. He scowls viciously at the barely stifled snort from Stephen-- well, as much as he can with those plastic fangs in his mouth. The material digs into his gums, jutting uncomfortably against his lips, but what's possibly the worst thing about them is the slight lisp they give Tony. "I sound like a fhucking child missing their ftwo front teeth," he spits, which of course earns him yet another chuckle from the man. "I'm s-erious. What the fhuck was I thinking?"  "Well; about making that boy of yours happy," Stephen shrugs. "I mean, if my kid pleaded me to wear a matching outift to hers-- even if its a get-up like that-- I probably would too." He's right, of course; Stephen almost always is. Then again, his reasoning behind Peter's intentions for dressing his father up for a Halloween party's likely mislead.  Sure enough, the other man muses, "D'you reckon Peter'll show up in a little wolf pup costume then? That would be so sweet."  "Yeah, it would," Tony says, adding on silently 'which is why the incorrigible dirty-minded thing certainly won't show up in such an innocent costume such as that.' For as benign and sweet as Peter acts around pretty much everyone other than his father, Tony can easily see past the facade of it all to know just how much of a conniving little shit his son is.   Just a few hours before the both of them had planned to leave for the Halloween party at their neighbour's, and Tony's close friend's, house, the boy had announced that he had a 'very special secret costume' planned for the event, and would show up later donning it. "What is it?" Tony had questioned, only for the boy to feign a scandalized look.  "I can't tell you, it's a surprise Daddy!" Peter had said, sticking a pink tongue out childishly at the other's roll of eyes in response. "Oh, I nearly forgot; I have a costume planned for you too."-- to which he had pulled out from seemingly nowhere a grey wolf ear headband, a container of pointy plastic fangs, leather claw gloves, and a fucking clip-on furry tail.  "Oh, my god, no. You can't be fucking serious," Tony muttered, the sinking feeling in his stomach worsening rapidly at the coy small smile starting to spread on Peter's lips. He is serious. "No. Absolutely not. Nope, not a fucking chance kiddo."  "But Daddddd--" And damn it all to hell, Peter started pouting; quivering his plush bottom lip ever so sweetly, glassy brown eyes rounding in a look that the both of them know very well would, without a doubt, get anything and everything the boy wanted. "I planned this for ages and even got us matching costumes and everything! Please, daddy? For me?"  Fuck. Well, there was no way in hell Tony could ever resist something like that, could he? That little pleading head tilt and puppy-eyed look was all it took for the man to give in albeit bregrudingly-- on the one condition that he forgoes the tail.   Which is how Tony ended up here; the only one out of the few adults in this neighbourhood gathering who came dressed up, and in this sorry excuse of an apex predator ensemble nonetheless-- being stared at by hypercritical moms and giggling kids alike. "Look at that grumpy wolf!" A girl dressed in a tacky fairy costume points in his direction, voice a high piercing shriek that garners the attention of everyone in the room; and there goes pretty much all of his reputation and any last dignity. Stephen's lips pucker up into something dangerously resembling a grin, though he raises his hands in surrender at the daggers shot from Tony's murderous glare. "Okay, I get it! I'm just gonna go check up on all the kids, talk to you later." With that, the other man leaves with a conciliatory pat on his shoulder, leaving Tony alone in the shadowed corner of the bustling room-- that is, until a sweetly soft voice pipes up close behind him.  "Why so angry, Mr Big Bad Wolf?" Peter purrs, looping his arms around Tony's broad shrouded shoulders from behind. The faint whisper of his breath fans teasingly against the taller man's earlobe, earning him a dark shiver even as Tony turns around to face him with narrowed eyes.  "Well, maybe it's because you made me wear this ridiculous--" the hissed words from Tony quickly dies in his throat, however, as he fully takes in Peter; and more specifically, what he's wearing. "...Oh."  Peter grins at him then, ever the cheeky little thing. "Ta-da! D'you like it?" Delicately picking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Filthy
What Have I Done
Forgive Me
Halloween Costumes
Kinky
Rough Sex
Possessive Tony Stark
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Anal Sex
Age Difference
Daddy Kink
Older Man/Younger Man
Dirty Talk
Parent/Child Incest
Kinktober 2018

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

