Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Cause love's such an old fashioned word
 And love dares you to care for the people on the edge of the night
 And love dares you to change our way of caring about ourselves
 This is our last dance
 This is ourselves under pressure..."
 -"Under Pressure" by David Bowie and QueenLife was so much simpler before aliens invaded New York.Six years ago, I'd have still been in my tiny apartment sketching something to paint later, a mug of earl grey tea cooling on my coffee table, some smooth R&B grooving through the air. Now, I stood inside the lobby of none other than the goddamn Avengers facility in upstate New York with a duffel bag over one shoulder and sweaty palms.Hoo boy. What a difference six years makes.I walked over to the small panel beside the elevator and cleared my throat. "Uh, hi there."A pleasant Scottish woman's voice spoke, making me jump a bit. "Good morning. You have an appointment with Mr. Stark, do you not?""That I do," I said, trying not to sound resigned."He's on his way down now.""Thanks, FRIDAY."She wasn't lying; not three seconds later, the third elevator slid open to reveal my new boss, Tony Stark."Frosty!" he said by way of greeting, smiling ear to ear. "You made it."I sighed. "I have asked you repeatedly not to call me that, Mr. Stark.""First of all, it's Tony," he insisted as he shook my hand. "We don't do last names here except for the kid, and he's on summer vacation right now.""Kid?""Spider-Man," he said as he gestured towards the elevator. "But 'man' is being generous. He's a bit on the young side, but it sounds better than Spider-Boy, I admit.""Ah," I said, watching him punch the button to the third floor."Second of all, we keep it friendly here, and that usually results in nicknames. You're an ice gal. Therefore, Frosty.""It's better than Elsa," I grumbled.Tony shook his head. "If I heard that stupid song one more time in a supermarket, I was going to buy Disney just so I could delete that movie from existence."I grinned then. "Hell, Stark, maybe we will get along after all."He snorted. "Don't bet on it. You'll hate me by the end of your first week, no worries."The doors hissed open to spill us into a hallway. "Alright, so, lay of the land: third floor is barracks. No one shares. Everyone's got a kitchen and a private bathroom, but there's a breakroom on every floor for convenience. Second floor holds the lab, the gym, and the weapons vault. First floor has conference rooms, the library, and the garage. FRIDAY can call you a ride 24/7 and I've contracted a specific company that's discreet so you don't get any weirdos or fanboys figuring out where you are. You're welcome to rent a car for the duration of your stay if you want, but just keep a low profile and make sure no one follows you back. No need for security badges or anything; your biometrics take care of it all for entry.""Is any of the team here?" I asked."Yeah, some of them are rattling around in here with me," Tony said as we strode. "After they amended the Accords, we had everyone return to the fold that wanted to come in and that's why we need you. Our big fellas are off-world right now, which includes Cap, Vision, Thor, and Banner. We needed some big guns as well as someone agile to keep an eye out for trouble, since it's pretty much inevitable."I arched an eyebrow. "I notice you didn't include a certain someone in the Big Fella category."Tony rolled his eyes. "That was out of spite."We stopped in the doorway to the breakroom. It was enormous, enough to comfortably fit probably ten or so people, and had been neatly divided between an actual breakroom and a recreation room. To the right was a kitchen with a ton of cabinets, granite countertops, two sinks, two fridges, and a gigantic stove. There was an island counter with stools surrounding it. Across the open space was a ping pong table, pool table, dart board against the wall, and the far wall had a movie-theater sized screen with a circular couch with enough seats for about six people as well as a few love seats scattered around.And in one of those love seats sat the God of Mischief.Loki.The demigod had one long leg crossed, a book in his hand, lazily reclined like a well-fed tiger. He didn't bother glancing up, although I was certain he could hear us both."Speak of the devil," Tony said with plenty of sarcasm. "Do they not have manners on Asgard?"Loki pointedly licked his fingertip, turned a page, and kept ignoring me. Tony rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. "As you can see, it's going great having him here. Regular old ray of sunshine.""Well, what did you expect? I mean, he did try to conquer the whole planet. He's not exactly going to be the nicest person one could ever meet.""Point taken. And this way we can at least keep tabs on him."I arched an eyebrow. "You're doing a bang up job."Tony frowned. "What's that supposed to mean?"I just stared at him. He jerked slightly when he got it, frowned harder, and then said, "FRIDAY?"A light 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki x Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov (Mentioned) - Relationship

freeform: 
Snow and Ice
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Domestic Avengers
Living Together
Avengers Tower
Elemental Magic
Flirting
Huddling For Warmth
Touch-Starved
Slow Burn
no y/n
POV Original Female Character
Orphaned Reader
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Dream Sex
Wet Dream
Dirty Talk
Ice Play
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Titjob
Spanking
Friends With Benefits
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Dom/sub Undertones
Avenger Reader (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki x Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov (Mentioned) - Relationship

