Chapter 1



Notes:
Note: I decided to go with the ABO verse where male omegas and female alphas have both parts.




Chapter Text
As an omega in the twenty-first century, Eddie likes sex, heat or no heat.It's nice either way, but as an omega who pretty much physically resembles the textbook alpha, it’s hard to find someone who’s willing to stick their dick in him. Anne had been a great partner, but she’s got Dan now, and as much as Eddie should hate the guy who stole his alpha, he doesn’t. Dan’s a decent dude and Eddie genuinely likes him.Long story short, Eddie’s sex life has been virtually nonexistent since the fallout with Anne, so it doesn’t occur to him that his new parasitic hitchhiker might make things problematic in that aspect of his pathetic life.It doesn’t change much, his life that is. Eddie wakes up, eats, heads out to chase down leads to his latest story, comes back (sometimes covered in dirt and blood), eats again and passes out (sometimes sans shower), wakes up and repeat. He learns to block out the constant drone of the symbiote’s suggestion of eating everyone they pass in the streets with that mediation crap. Eddie’s started wearing earbuds after the first week and people have stopped staring at him like he’s a lunatic talking to himself.He even gives Venom free rein over his Netflix account and laptop at night, provided that the symbiote gave him a full seven hours of uninterrupted sleep in return. It seems to be working fine, although Venom has recently started a disturbingly R-rated horror movie binge after finishing the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Eddie’s just relieved the alien goo has stopped slobbering over him and hissing “my precious…” in his ear every morning Eddie brushes his teeth in front of the bathroom mirror.Life is strangely mundane, if Eddie’s to be honest, so he doesn’t really think too much of it when the missing children's case he’s pursuing leads him to a dingy bar after midnight and one of the good-looking alphas pauses long enough to give him a once-over that turns into something more explicit back at Eddie’s place.
Eddie, I do not like him.
He ignores the symbiote’s agitated growl and strips out of his jeans, anticipation and arousal a happy cocktail swirling through his veins. It’s been too long since Eddie’s felt that tingling rush of euphoria after a good hard fuck.
Eddie...
“Shut up,” He snaps at the alien and shoves the alpha onto his bed before climbing on top.“Not you,” Eddie tells him when the guy lifts a puzzled brow. He leans down and slots their mouths together. They fumble a condom on and Eddie guides the alpha’s dick into that slick little opening at the base of his balls, a sigh of relief escaping his lips as the alpha bottoms out. It’s a nice stretch. The man groans when Eddie tightens around him experimentally and grinds down.It’s not fun for long, because two thrusts in, the guy mutters something about him being too tight and Eddie looks down to see a tendril of black peeking out from where they’re joined and about half a second later, Venom seeps out of him like a menstrual nightmare and bites the alpha’s dick clean off.There’s an insane spray of arterial blood and screaming, which all come to a gruesome end when Venom decides it’s had enough of the flailing and rears out of Eddie’s body to swallow the man’s head whole. His ears are still ringing when the symbiote slithers back inside, silence settling over them like a heavy blanket.You should shower, Eddie. Venom prompts after a pause.Head still reeling, Eddie gets up from the blood-soaked sheets and mechanically makes his way into the tiny bathroom. Venom retreats into the back of his mind, settles like a fat, purring cat there, radiating smug contentment. Eddie watches the veins of pinkish blood slither down the drain along with the hot water that blurs his vision.
His cunt just bit a guy’s dick off.
It’s never done that before, the still functional part of Eddie’s brain observes helpfully. Eddie realizes in hindsight that he probably shouldn’t have let Venom watch all those stupid horror films, especially the one with the girl that had the monster vagina.Twenty minutes later, as his bloodied sheets are rotating gently in the washer, Eddie dials Anne’s cellphone and admits that he may have a problem. 
 “Are you taking your suppressants as prescribed?” Dan asks the moment he gets Eddie’s blood work results back from the lab. Anne’s seated a few feet away, a worried frown on her beautiful face.Eddie’s so busy mentally restraining the symbiote from physically materializing and stroking the female alpha’s hair that it takes Dan’s question a few seconds longer than necessary to penetrate his distracted brain. “What?”“Well, your hormone levels are normal, which shouldn’t be if you are taking suppressants,” Dan explains, “also, it shows you’re due for a heat in about a week’s time, Eddie.”“I’ve been taking the medication,” Eddie splutters.Dan looks thoughtful at that, “hmm, then my only guess at the mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Eddie
Possessive Venom
Vaginal Sex
Crack
Tentacle Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Biology Inaccuracies
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

