Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Toni, wife of mine, time to wake up,” Thor whispered in Toni’s ear, tucking her long black hair over her shoulder and trailed his fingers down her exposed spine. “Today’s my day off, let me sleep,” Toni whined as she burrowed under the sheets making Thor chuckle fondly as he pressed himself against her back. He reached around her shapely waist to cup her pussy with his large hand; he teased the slit with the pads of his fingers. He smiled when he felt wetness starting to well up against his digits.“Thor…” Toni mewled as she pushed against his seeking fingers as her body awoke thanks to the pleasure that was coming from her core. “Just sleep my love, let me play with your wet pussy for a bit.” Thor purred as he parted her wet folds and applied a bit more pressure making her keen and head fall back against his shoulder. “I barely had to touch you and you’re already dripping for me,” Thor whispered in his wife’s ear, voice low and husky as his cock pressed against her supple ass. “Thor,” Toni warned before gasping when his finger pushed deep into her without warning. “You’re always so open for me, no matter what I push into you, you always take it.” Thor made small circles inside of her knowing it would drive her into lust. “I, I,” Toni stammered as she closed her eyes, not being able to rebut that statement because it was true. “You’re my precious slut, my perfect wife whose sex drive and kinks match mine in every way.” Thor praised making Toni squirm a bit against his finger but he held her in place with his other hand on her stomach.“So what are your plans for me today then?” Toni wiggled suggestively against him, rubbing her ass against his obvious interest. “I’m going to keep you in this bed all day and breed you full over and over until I’m satisfied and not once will you come because you know if you do then I’ll be forced to punish you.” Thor’s voice was firm and sent a shiver down Toni’s spine and Thor chuckled when a fresh bout of wetness dripped out of her cunt.  “Sounds good,” Toni agreed breathlessly and let out a small yelp when she was rolled onto her back and Thor loomed over her, giving her a smug look that she knew led to rather kinky things happening next. Thor pressed their lips together for a soft kiss before he moved down and pushed her legs apart and looked down at Toni’s glistening pussy that he did adore. “Let’s see how wet my whore is this morning,” Thor smirked as he pressed his thumbs against her pussy and slowly, tortuously slow he spread her wide. Toni covered her face with her hands in embarrassment at the way she felt her pussy widening and the heat of Thor’s eyes on her core, she could feel how wet she was and Thor could see it. “Oh you’re a very wet slut today, what kind of dream were you having?” Thor moved his right thumb and rubbed it up and down her exposed wetness. Toni let a moan as she squeezed her eyes closed, already feeling her orgasm building up in her stomach. She fought against the feeling and gasped for breath when Thor rubbed slowly at her clit making her see stars and grab onto the sheets of the bed. “Thor, please, I’m too close,” Toni warned and let out a gasp of air when his hands retreated from her, leaving her pussy throbbing and soaked as her orgasm slowly disappearing. “I remember when we first started you wouldn’t tell me when you were too close, you’ve learned since then and that earns you a reward.” Thor smiled as he leaned down to kiss her parted lips again as he took his thick and long cock in his hand. He nudged the head of his cock against her clit before sliding down her wet folds. “Now be a good whore and hold your legs apart so I can focus on breeding this eager hole of yours,” Thor ordered and watched as Toni licked her lips and held her legs up against her chest, eyes trained on her husband’s cock. “What if I come while you’re breeding me?” Toni asked in a rough voice. “A punishment but not as harsh as a normal one, it’s only natural for sluts to come when they have something inside one of their greedy fuck holes,” Thor said simply as he snapped his hips forward, sheathing his cock fully into her soaked cunt causing Toni to scream in pleasure. Thor moaned out as he started to move his hips rapidly, fucking into her hard and rough. Toni screamed and gasped as she writhed under the pounding Thor was giving her. His speed made it impossible for her to feel completely full at one time, but she could feel his thick cock spreading her wider and wider each time he slammed into her. “Thor, Thor! Fuck, I can’t!” Toni cried out in warning, unable to stop her rushing orgasm at the rough pounding her pussy was taking from her husband’s cock. “Then come you fucking slut,” Thor growled and just as her orgasm began he tugged his cock out of her and rubbed viciously at her pussy and engorged clit and let sparks of lightning emit from his body, cock included. Toni let out another piercing scream as she came, her cum squirting out of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kinktober 2018
Genderbending
Female Tony Stark
Married Couple
Creampie
Female Orgasm Denial
Punishment
forced squirting
Pussy Spanking
Dirty Talk
Breeding Kink
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
slurs/name calling
Light Dom/sub
Medical Kink
Pussy Torture
pussy edging
Dom/sub
Dom Thor
Dom Bruce
sub Toni
slight dehumanization
Workshop sex
thigh fucking
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

