Work Text:

Lying in bed, staring up at his water-stained ceiling, Eddie contemplates the sheer fucking absurdity of his current existence. Semi-possessed by an alien parasite. Talking to Anne again. Working in journalism again, only this time he gets to call his own shots. Overall, things have been looking up.


Really, they have been.


In fact, his future has never looked quite so 

rosy.



There’s just this 

one

 little thing. 


His palm rests on his bare stomach, fingers practically 

itching

 to sneak under the waistband of his boxers, but he doesn’t. 


Can’t. 



What are you doing, Eddie?



Thing is, Eddie hasn’t gone so long without touching his dick since he was in middle school, maybe. Since he learned what his dick was 

for.

 Superpowers are great and all, and Venom generally makes a decent head-mate, but the complete and utter lack of privacy in every aspect of his life has been trying in this 

one

 aspect. 


To say the least. 


But it’s not like Eddie’s going to give up orgasms for the rest of his entire life. He probably can’t, actually, though his subconscious might resort to wet dreams if he stops taking care of himself, so to speak. Eddie isn’t sure if that would be more or less embarrassing than trying to jerk off with Venom over his shoulder.



Literally,

 sometimes.


“So… is it possible for you to give me some privacy?” Eddie asks, already expecting the answer. 



What do you mean?



“Like, you go away for a little while and aren’t. You know.” Eddie waves a hand vaguely in front of him, as though 

that

 really clears it up. “Not listening in all the time.”



No. 



“Hmm.” 


Eddie stares at the dark ceiling for a while, contemplating. 


“Can you leave? For a little while?”



No. 



“You did it in the hospital.”



Not willingly. I cannot live on your planet without a host. 



Maybe Eddie could get a dog. 


“What if I had a dog?”



No. 



“You did it before,” Eddie points out. Anne had told him that much. 



Not willingly. 



“Yeah but. C’mon.” Eddie’s pretty sure that Venom just doesn’t want to, the asshole. “Will it kill the dog?”



...Yes. 



“Are you lying?”



...No. 



“You’re not a very good liar.”



Neither are you. 



Eddie lies in silence for a little while, debating whether or not jerking off is even worth the effort. People do that, right? Priests and shit. It’s possible. 



What do you want, Eddie?



“Don’t worry about it.”



Is this about mating?



“Sort of.”



Mating with Anne?



“No. Humans don’t always… mate… with other humans.”



Odd. Why not?



“Can’t you just…” Eddie waves his hand around his head, followed by the indescribable sensation of Venom sifting through his memories. He should probably be used to it by now, but he’s not. 



I see. You mate with your hand. Is that because you’re a loser?



Asshole. 


“No. Everyone does that, sometimes. It’s normal for humans.” 



Mmmm. 



Venom sounds doubtful, because Eddie shares his headspace with an 

asshole. 



“You didn’t see anything like that, when you were in Anne?”



I was not looking. She and I are not compatible the way we are. I would have harmed her. 



“Cool, yeah, good. Don’t hurt Anne.”



I will not. 



Eddie nods. He knows that Venom won’t, mostly because Eddie wouldn’t forgive that. 


“Or Dan, either. Dan’s a good guy.”



That is not how you win her back. 



“Can’t win her back by killing her boyfriend. And Dan really helped me out there.” 


Venom says nothing, which Eddie takes to mean Venom disagrees but isn’t willing to argue with a foolish human. Privately, Eddie doesn’t think he’s 

going

 to win Anne back. Not with Dan in the picture, not with Venom. And that’s fine. Really, it is. What Eddie really wants is for Anne to be happy, and he’s not sure that he’s the one who can do that, anymore. 



You want to mate with your hand. 



Eddie sighs. He thought they had wandered far enough away from that point. 


“I’m all right, buddy. Don’t worry about it.”



If this is a normal human function, then you should not deny yourself. 



“It’s…” Eddie struggles to find the words to explain masutrbation to a disembodied space alien. “...it’s not strictly necessary. And it’s something we do 

alone,

 which I 

am not.

 So.”



This is why you wanted me to leave. So that you can mate your hand. 



Jesus Christ. 


“Yeah, but you said that you can’t, so that’s where we’re at.”



Hmm. 



Just as Eddie starts to think that he’s escaped the conversation, Venom pipes up again. 



There are many acts which humans do in private which I have seen you do. Bathe. Release waste. Weep. Why is this different?



“It just is.”



Why, Eddie? 



Eddie takes a deep breath and counts down from ten, then releases it in a gust of air. 


“Why can’t you let it go?”



Because I do not intend to leave you. If this is a human function, then you must learn to do it with me. 



Venom, Eddie thinks, is afraid to get kicked out of Eddie’s body, if Eddie gets tired of his di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Alien Sex
Bondage
Nipple Play
Anal Sex
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Overstimulation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
just some light-hearted symbiote fucking

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

