Chapter 1



Summary:

eddie tries to have a discussion about boundaries. venom is insecure. they're both pissbabies about it.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Venom’s fucking weird. Eddie isn’t gonna deny that. He’s a goddamn alien symbiote with a weird rubber-jelly body that sometimes sprouts from his own and has what looks like needles for teeth. He’s absolutely terrifying, and he distinctly remembers one kid peeing his pants just because he saw Venom from across the street.It’s safe to say that by all accounts, Venom is a monster to the outside world.To Eddie, it’s a little more domestic. They have their squabbles, and Venom’s kind of a bitch, even on his best days, but they handle it. Eddie honestly doesn’t know what he would do without Venom at this point – being alone in his head is foreign now, a cause for concern, panic. Sometimes he wonders if he was made for symbiosis, destined for it, with how easy he and Venom seem to click. Maybe the symbiote just has good taste.But despite the fact that Eddie has grown accustomed to this creature that routinely eats whole-ass people, there’s some shit that has caused problems. Most notably those things have been eating, sleeping, and, well… “alone time.”Eddie doesn’t care that much about it. He’s jacked off in weird places, as kids do, so he wasn’t horrified when he realized that he would have to do his business with Venom around. He thought they would just have a decent conversation about it, Venom would understand and leave him alone. That’s not what happened.“Venom.”As he does when they’re alone, Venom pops from Eddie’s shoulder, his true form visible as he stares at Eddie. Eddie himself is a little flushed, but the symbiote doesn’t mention it – probably because Eddie’s embarrassed a lot these days.

“Yes, Eddie? Going to get us food?”

He’s being a little shit. He knows they’ve already eaten today. Eddie rolls his eyes.“No, you little shit,” he says it with affection, so it’s ok. “C’mon, like, just listen to me for a minute, alright?”Venom, inquisitive, tilts his head to the side, but remains quiet, interested in what Eddie has to say.“Alright, so we’ve been, uh, bonded for long enough, I figure we gotta have this conversation before it gets awkward. Humans, we’ve got certain needs, right? And we don’t really like sharing them with… other humans. Or anything else in particular, really. Kind of an ‘alone’ thing.”

“Eddie, we cannot be alone, we are-“

“-we are Venom, I know, and I’m not asking us to unbond or whatever. You know I love ya,” and he smiles at Venom, the way he does when they joke, and feels the happiness swirl up from their connection, even though he can feel the uneasiness underneath. Venom’s still not quite recovered from that time Eddie had him locked in the MRI room, and maybe they never will truly recover from that. But Eddie is still human, and as much as he enjoys being part of a we, sometimes he just needs a little space.“-but I just wanna set some ground rules, alright? For when I do this alone time thing.”

“…Fine.”

Venom is reluctant, but it seems that his “wanting Eddie to be happy” deal was the real thing. Eddie sends some gratefulness Venom’s way.“Rule number one. No materializing. Biggest one, you know it scares the shit out of me sometimes.”

“We enjoy that.”

“No, you enjoy it, you little fuck,” Venom’s such an ass, but somehow Eddie just can’t help but love it. “Rule number two, alright? No rooting around through my head – ah” he stops Venom before the symbiote can interrupt. “I know you can’t help what you feel through the connection, but no trying to take over, see through my eyes, root around all deep and shit. I’ll know about it.”

“Maybe if you didn’t project so loud, we wouldn’t have this problem.”

“I know you go snooping around in there every now and then. You think you’re sneaky, but you’re not,” Eddie huffs in triumph when embarrassment runs through their connection. Hah, got ‘em.“Rule number three – now, if you really need to, you can break this one, but it’s just one of those things that helps with the whole ‘alone’ deal. I’m not gonna wanna have conversations when I’m having alone time. Unless it’s really important, don’t bother me, ok? I’ll tell you when I’m done and then we can get back to being Venom, alright?”Venom mulls it over, coils and shifts inside him with indecisiveness, before finally sighing in defeat.

“We suppose you can have this ‘alone time,’ although we still don’t understand why you need it.”

Eddie sighs then, irritated a little, but it’s whatever. “You don’t need to, ok? It’s a human thing.”“We understand many things about humanity, Eddie, maybe if you explained to us-“ Eddie can feel the sarcasm and barely contained poison in the words, which only irritates him more – probably because Eddie has a hard time separating their emotions at times.“Look, ok, you wanna know? Human, we got biological functions and sometimes when we try to fuck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Masturbation
Boundaries
Relationship Discussions
(kinda)
chapter 1 is just the set up
chapter 2 and 3 get the e rating boys
Mutual Masturbation
Tentacles
(i mean. that's what they are.)
Porn with Feelings
Tentacle Sex
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Kissing
or whatever venom shoving his tongue in eddie's mouth counts as
Sappy

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

