Chapter 1: The Perfect Day
    




Chapter Text
After the unfortunate passing of Aunt May, Peter thought he would never smile again, that he would never laugh again, that he would never feel joy again. He thought he had lost his reason to live, that was until he was adopted by an unorthodox family. It was small, it was broken, but it was home. And he learnt to live again.“Please Dad” Peter almost whined, “Don’t make me go back TODAY”Tony smiled at his new son“But todays the perfect day” He laughed “You have wanted to go back for months and here we are, a school trip on your first day back”Peter knew he couldn’t win this argument, but he wished on all the stars in the sky that he didn’t have to go, that he could just stay home instead, he didn’t trust school trips, after all last school trip he went on, he got bitten by a spider and his life was thrown upside down.He looked around at his make shift family as he tiredly grabbed a bowl of cereal. Bruce was sitting at the breakfast island, loosely holding a mug of coffee and reading a book, Clint and Natasha were sitting in the living room part of the avenger’s floor, whispering about something peter just couldn’t hear, the bits and pieces he did pick up, didn’t make any sense. Steve and Bucky were just walking into the kitchen, and tony was still there, making himself coffee and smiling at a joke only he knew. Peter tried not to smile, he was still annoyed about the school trip after all, but sadly the look on everyone’s faces first thing in the morning were too funny not to giggle at. Tony seeing peters giggling face quickly yelled over,“DON’T FORGET TO GET READY, YOU DON’T WANT TO BE LATE FOR SCHOOL”Peters smile faded for a moment, but quickly returned, he would get to see Ned again after all, so today might not be a complete disaster. He slowly stood up and put his bowl in the dishwasher before going to get ready.Half an hour later and Peter was ready for school He quickly yelled behind him as he left a small,“Goodbye”And the others all responded at once with“BYEEEE” “Later” “Have a good day” “Enjoy your Trip”Peter found himself smiling again, this is his family, it’s crazy, loud, and often dangerous but he loved it all the same.With that thought he climbed into the car outside the door, where happy was waiting, and they started the all too familiar trip. Yet somehow, he couldn’t dread it like he was expecting, Flash would say some shit, Ned would be there for him, the world would keep spinning and everything would be like it was before May died. He had already decided that he wouldn’t tell anyone, maybe not even Ned, that Tony Stark had adopted him, after all his surname was the same so no one would guess. Everyone knew that May died, everyone also knew that Peter had been adopted by someone outside the family, but no one would guess Tony Stark.Before Peter even realised it, they were drawing up into the familiar car park of the familiar building, (and when I say building we all know I mean prison). He quickly shuffled out, called goodbye to happy and then headed into the building looking for Ned.He found his best friend, and Guy in the chair, outside their lockers. He was absentmindedly putting the books he needed into his locker and looked…… Sad?!“Boo” Peter said stepping into Neds line of sight.After about 6 seconds of shocked silence, Ned seemed to register what was happening.“Peter” He gasped “Your back, … How are you… are you well… its just you haven’t been here months… not since May… I’m sorry… I’m rambling aren’t I…. anyway… glad your back…. So much to say….”Peter laughed a bit at his friend as he tried to find what to say,“Yes I’m fine, I just had to stay off to settle into my new family and get over Mays death, Yes you were rambling, I’m glad I’m back too, yes we have lots to catch up on and don’t worry, I’m over the whole burst into tears at the mention of Mays death stage, I’m sad she’s gone but she would have wanted me to be happy and she would have loved my new family” Peter answered his friend, trying to tick off all of Neds rambled questions.After Peters answer, Ned seemed to relax and the awkwardness both boys had been worried about vanished.  They spent the last few minutes before the bell, catching up and overall making up for the months they hadn’t seen each other. By the time the bell rang, it was like they hadn’t spent months without speaking.As they walked to the front of school, where Ned had informed Peter they were meeting for the bus, Peter asked the question that had been nagging at him for the last… while.“Where are we even going for the trip?” Peter asked quizzinglySadly, before Ned could answer they had gone outside and the oh so original yell came,“OI, Penis” Flash yelled “GLAD YOUR BACK TODAY, NOW EVERYONE CAN FIND OUT YOUR LIE!”Confused Peter turned to Ned,“What……. I’m confused…… What lie…. and why would people find out Today?”“Right…” Ned replied “That’s what I was just saying, the trip is to the Avengers Tower…. The ‘Lie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
May is Dead
Peter got adopted by the avengers
Tony Stark is Peters adopted dad
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Flash is a bully
Peter Needs a Hug
This is going to have multiple parts
Field Trip
I Don't Know Where This Is Going

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

