Work Text:
That’s nice.Eddie groans. It’s not that Venom’s wrong. It’s a real nice view. But sordid, sweaty clubs aren’t really Eddie’s thing. Or -- perhaps more accurately: they’re not really Eddie’s thing anymore. Five years ago? Maybe. Ten years ago? Absolutely. These days, he just finds them kind of sad. Like a reminder of his wasted youth spent in places like this, chasing after the high of a nameless hook-up, the addictive rush of being at the mercy of his own reckless desires.Tonight, Eddie had been minding his own damn business, walking down an albeit shadier street than usual, when he had caught sight of the place. Darkened windows, neon signs. Familiar in its architecture, its design, its promise. He hadn’t even looked all that long.Long enough, apparently.All Venom ever needs is a glimpse, a spark from a Eddie’s memories past -- and then he’s intrigued. Then, Eddie’s limbs aren’t his own anymore.

Earth is such a beautiful place.

Venom’s voice is loud, even over the heavy thrum of the bass in his ears, brilliant over the neon lights. Eddie snorts and orders himself a whiskey at the bar, because, again,Venom’s not wrong: it’s a nice view. There are people up on what could be generously called stages in the middle of it all-- men and women alike -- bodies undulating to the music, a sea of people dancing below them, churning and swaying like unsteady waters. Some onlookers have got their eyes up toward the dancers, toward the heavens, glazed over, hypnotized by the movement, by the lights, by the music. By the sheer humanity of it all.It’s a little cleaner than the clubs Eddie remembers from his youth. Less grim, less disheartening. Much less overtly depressing, honestly.Kinda less fun though.But maybe nostalgia is making all of the grime and the drugs and the unsafe sex seem much more shiny and appealing than it has any right to be.Eddie’s in a better place now. He doesn’t need to yearn for the fevers of his wasted youth.Even the music’s gotten worse. But, then again, maybe Eddie’s just getting old.

Your memories made this seem much more thrilling.

“Sorry to disappoint,” Eddie breathes into his glass of whiskey. He doesn’t have to talk to Venom out loud, he can kind of do it in his head at this point, but it’s too second nature not to, sometimes. He’s gotten a little better at hiding it in public, though.He lets his eyes wander a little when Venom quiets down. Or maybe Venom is the one who lets his eyes wander, who makes them roam across the room. It’s not really easy to tell, all the time, who’s in control of what. Sometimes, it’s crystal clear. Others? Not so much. And it usually doesn’t matter -- like now: Eddie is perfectly content to admire the people dancing. And he doesn’t even feel bad about watching: that’s why they’re here, that’s why he’s here. That’s why people come to clubs like this to begin with. To watch, to be watched -- to feel more human.Or, they come to blow someone in the grimey bathroom because they’re nineteen and all kinds of stupid.Six of one.Well -- or, you’re Eddie Brock and you’re giving an alien parasite a whirlwind tour of humanity, completely at the whim of said alien parasite and its greedy cherry-picking of your thoughts.

Get closer, Eddie. Once more into the fray. 

“Loser,” Eddie says, “Watching one movie doesn’t make you a cultured parasite.”He tips back the last of his glass straight down his throat. It burns a little on the way down, but it’s a good kind of burn. The kind that used to promise a bit of a buzz, but doesn’t much anymore, not with Venom around, not unless Eddie drinks a lot. And not unless he asks Venom to specifically let him get fucked up.Which is kind of a difficult thing to ask for. Not that it stops Eddie, sometimes, but still.Once he’s out on the floor, Eddie doesn’t so much as dance as simply push himself through the thrum of people, letting them move up against him. It’s nice, being so up close and personal with the heat and sweat of others, even if he isn’t particularly engaging with them. It’s been a while.Sometimes, it’s easy to let go with Venom riding shotgun at the back of his head. Others, Eddie’s a little more self-conscious. There are some things that Venom just doesn’t get. Eddie figures dancing would be one of them. Eddie hasn’t even really gotten to exploring anything else. Nothing more sordid, more depraved.Besides. He doesn’t need to dance right now; he’s getting groped enough as it is, just moving through the crowd. He doesn’t really need to pick a partner either and stick with them -- he’s not short attention, out on the floor.It’s not bad. But it’s not really good, either. Just reminds him that he’s got an itch he’s been wanting desperately to scratch, but hasn’t quite figured out how exactly he wants to go about that.“You done?” Eddie asks, not bothering to hide his voice. No one else can hear him over the music. With someone behind him trying to reach around and dip their fingers into the waistband of his pants, it’s g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Rimming
Alien Biology
Anal Sex
Overstimulation
Restraints
Bondage
Body Sharing
Alcohol
references to previous unsafe sex
References to previous drug use
some casual murder
also some casual consumption of bad people's faces
a pinch of plot before the porn
clubbing (kind of)
an attempted mugging as mentioned in the description
mild dubcon

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

