Work Text:
Their first fight - their first real fight - is months in the making.Eddie’s not stupid - well, most of the time he’s not stupid. When it comes to Venom and their shared life, he likes to think that he’s gotten… if not a handle on things, then a general understanding of the lines and boundaries that define them.The first time he smiles at a girl that’s not Anne, Venom nearly crushes their damn ribs. Gives a whole new meaning to “you took my breath away”, that’s for damn sure.It’s not subtle. Then again, Eddie supposes, Venom’s never been known for his subtlety.“Thank you for the coffee,” he wheezes, taking his overpriced latte from the girl’s hand and being extra careful that their fingers don’t touch.“Any time,” the girl says, but her sunny smile drops when she catches sight of the pained grimace painting Eddie’s face. Eddie beats a quick retreat before the bafflement turns into concern.“Alright,” Eddie says as the door swings shut behind him, leaving him in San Francisco’s muggy embrace, “what was that about?”You smiled at her.Eddie covers his reply by taking a sip of his coffee. It’s mediocre at best. “I did.”He can feel Venom’s sullen sulking radiating from the vague vicinity of his ribcage. She was being nice to you. “Yeah, because that’s how humans work. I know you haven’t exactly seen our brightest moments so far, but on a day-to-day basis we try our best to be decent to one another. Makes life easier for everybody.”Flirting, Venom suggests with a sudden wave of aggression, and Eddie has to hold back his instinctual snarl, because he doesn’t think his ego could take people crossing the street to avoid him today.“She was doing her damn job, Venom.”She touched you.“She handed me my change! You’re being - you know what, we’re not talking about this anymore. It’s over with. I won’t even go back to the damn coffeeshop if you’d feel better about it, okay?”Okay, Venom says, but the situation doesn’t feel okay. Mostly, Venom feels grumpy and irritable, and as a result Eddie feels grumpy and irritable too.He drinks his coffee and privately thinks that it hadn’t been worth Venom’s tantrum..The next time Venom acts out, Eddie can’t even blame it on a lack of understanding towards human social cues. Doesn’t mean he can’t be mad about it though - especially when Venom wrenches control of their body, leans forward, and screams in the face of the poor man who, until a moment prior, Eddie had been enjoying quite a nice conversation with.Venom walks them out of the dead silent bar, and Eddie lets him. He has no interest in facing the situation, and exhaustedly he crosses that bar off his rapidly thinning list of venues he’s allowed within ten feet of.“What,” he says, once Venom has returned them to the dubious safety of their apartment, “the fuck was that about?”This time, Venom doesn’t stay curled up in his organs. He rises from Eddie’s skin, morphing into a face with far too many teeth and eyes sharp enough to cut. Flirting, he hisses.This time Eddie can’t even take the moral high ground. He had been flirting; it just hadn’t occurred to him that Venom might find it objectionable.“Look,” he says, striving for a reasonable tone that does not come naturally to him, “it was just - it didn’t mean anything, okay? I wouldn’t have just…” Eddie makes a vague hand gesture that he hopes encompasses the general idea of sex without having to say the word. “Not without talking to you about it first.”Want to kiss him? Venom asks, and the way he says ‘kiss’ makes it sound almost as poisonous as his own namesake. Fuck him? Eddie glances towards the water stained roof and prays to a god he does not believe in for patience. “Yeah,” he says. “I’m only human. I’ve got desires. Wants.”The watery tendrils of Venom’s being curl tighter around his arm, the back of his neck. Contemplative. Possessive. Nothing new with that.Physical intimacy, Venom says, is one of your desires? Your wants? “Jesus, sometimes, alright?”
With him? 
Eddie shrugs. “He wasn’t awful on the eyes, and he seemed interested back.”Venom squeezes tight enough to bruise, if only Eddie’s skin would. You don’t need him, Venom says. You have me.“I know I’ve got you,” Eddie says. “I just want - I want more than one person, okay? Fuck, you’re not even a person, not really.”The hurt that blooms deep in Eddie’s gut feels incredibly person-like. Not human, Venom says. Still a person. A being. Eddie deeply wishes there was a handbook for this: How To Communicate With Your Symbiotic Alien Life Partner Without Being A Dick. There’s gotta be a market out there for it somewhere.“Sorry,” Eddie says, and then, because he really is and he doesn’t know how to prove it, he reaches out and gently pats Venom’s head.Not a dog either, Venom grouses, but he gives a subtle shiver underneath Eddie’s palm.“Yeah, I know. You’re me - and I’m you. We’re we.”Venom’s shiver this time is far less subtle. Eddie had picked up pretty early on how much it pleases him when Eddie acknowledges their 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Developing Relationship
Codependency
Exploration of body sharing
Brief cannibalism mentions

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

