Work Text:
Eddie sighed, settling himself onto the floor in front of the filing cabinet.  Going through the library’s microforms was always something of a pain, but as soon as he found the documents he was looking for, it would all be worth it.
Boring.
Eddie rolled his eyes.  “I’m not exactly having fun either, babe.  Just bear with it for now.  We’ll do something fun once I’m done here.”
Now, Eddie.
“No.”  Eddie grinned as he found what he was looking for.  “Look, as long as you’re not disruptive, I don’t care what you do.  Just—keep yourself occupied for a little while longer.  Please?”His other deliberated, eventually accepting the compromise.  Very well.  Too quickly, maybe, but he wasn’t about to look a gift horse in its very toothy mouth.Eddie relaxed, gathering the microfiche he needed and heading to the machines at the other end of the room.  With the back of his head quiet and still, it was much easier to concentrate.  The time passed quickly as he skimmed through old newspapers and excerpts, searching for proof that the guy he was after had been lying.For a moment, while he was writing notes, he felt a twinge of something from the back of his head.  It felt like a realization, but it wasn’t his own.
Babe?

Unless you’re telling me we’re leaving, get back to work.
He laughed under his breath.  “Yes, dear.”  He turned back to his notes and obediently resumed his work.  His other had probably just thought of something to do while he worked.  Whatever it was, it was probably a good thing.He lost himself in his work, forgetting about the outside world as he worked through his sources, taking notes on things that seemed pertinent, writing down questions to ask in the coming days and the people he needed to ask.At one point, between one microfiche and the next, he felt a twinge of some kind of discomfort, but as soon as he noticed it, the feeling passed.  Eddie frowned down at his lap, pressing a hand to his stomach.  He could still feel the usual hunger from his other, but none of his own.How long have I been working?  But Eddie shook the thought off and got back to work.  The quicker he finished up, the quicker they could leave.Unfortunately, one of the articles he was looking at referenced a book he’d never heard of.  Eddie sighed heavily, pushing himself to his feet.His legs shook unsteadily and sent him tumbling back into his chair.  Eddie stared down at his legs, eyes narrowed.  The last time his legs had gone rubbery like that…
Apologies, Eddie.  I was experimenting.  I will take us where you need to go.
Eddie frowned.  “What exactly were you doing?”Nothing disruptive.  Where do you need to go?  That wasn’t suspicious at all.  But there was no way for Eddie to really confront him about it.Sighing, he thought of the computer toward the stairs.  “I need to look up this book for cross referencing.”  His body stood up and moved as he’d directed, under a control that wasn’t his.  Eddie bit his lip, trying not to focus too much on the way it felt.  He was here for work.At the terminal, he looked up what he needed and directed Venom’s steps toward the back of the library.  He was just thankful they were already on the right floor.The library wasn’t empty, but the further in they went, the less people Eddie saw.  The shelves he needed seemed particularly dusty and unused.  No one was anywhere near them, in fact.  He glanced over the shelves, searching for the right call number.  And then he felt something shift in his head, like a lock clicking open and coming undone, falling away from…A soft moan left his mouth as he leaned heavily on the shelves, his breath quickening.  “Oh, fuck.”  He felt like—He was so full.  “Baby, what are you…?”Maybe a little disruptive.  But in a fun way.  His ass was stretched wide around what felt like a plug.  He bit the side of his hand, shaking his head.“W-When?”
While you were ignoring me.  I made sure you couldn’t feel me, and then I opened you up nice and slowly.
“Didn’t feel you slide in,” he panted, eyes falling shut.Didn’t.  I formed inside you and oh so carefully filled you up.  Eddie’s breath caught.  Venom’s memories appeared before him, the sensations he’d stifled playing out for him as if they were happening to him all over again.  You opened up so pretty for us, Eddie.  We feel so good like this.Eddie could feel Venom forming around his cock as well, coating it and squeezing.  He bit harder, breaking the skin to smother the overwhelmed noises that threatened.  More of Venom formed over his nipples under his shirt, teasing and stimulating them as he pleased, as pleased them.Eddie gripped the shelves desperately.  “Baby, darling, please,” he breathed.
What about your work?
“What?”What about your work, Eddie?  Your research?  You have a book to find, don’t you?  Eddie whimpered, his legs shaking.“Oh, fuck you.”That is decidedly not what’s happening right now, Eddie.  He hissed as his darling shifted inside him, opening him further, stretching him wider.  So why don’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
PWP
Slow Build
Plugs
Size Queen Eddie
Exhibitionism
Tentacles
Desperation
D/s elements
Oral Fixation
Gags
Semi-Public Sex
Motorcycle Sex
(kind of)
breath play
'endearing under all the smut'
Top Venom
Bottom Eddie

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

