Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It tastes like ash inside his mouth.It tastes like—It tastes like death. (He did it.)(He won.)
 
The world is quiet.The universe is quiet. The silence is deafening in its cruelty, cutting as deep as the blade that went through his stomach, visceral and gut-wrenching pain, aching in a way he knows he can’t make it stop. There is only one sound, one constant, gentle whistle of a breeze that should not even exist, the low rumbling of a distant storm, something he can’t be sure if it’s truly there or it’s only a trick of his mind; A mockery of his senses, an illusion to somehow translate the mess within.The world is quiet. Too quiet. It’s over. 
They lost.
Tony sits on the ground, curled up in a ball, uncaring of the presence behind him. It might as well not be there. He feels alone, he feels so utterly, completely alone, an empty body floating amidst nothingness, meaningless and small and useless. He has no strength anymore. He’s hurting, he’s exhausted, and he’s tired, so, so tired – There is nothing he can do now.It tastes like ash inside his mouth because he uses his hand to cover it, to try to hold back the sob that rises up his throat unbidden, raw and pure agony, needing to keep his lips shut or else he will break. Hands that held Peter as the vanished. Hands that are trembling and aching, hands who felt the warmth of the body he grasped just dissipate away, the weight and the presence blinking out of existence right before his eyes, leaving him alone in this stranded land, in this vast, deep, silent planet. Forgotten and broken, left to waste away, just as he was.The cold, cold feeling of a tear sliding down his face is the useless replacement for the scream that dies inside his chest, voiceless before it can even attempt to escape, dying suffocated inside his aching body. All sounds die out, just like the world around him, just like his heart, and he cries in silence, just as he always did. As he learned, a long, long time ago.For a second, he thinks he’s disappearing too, because it hurts so much.The hitching of his breath makes his lungs hurt, and his eyes burn. His brain feels like it will explode from the pressure in his temples. Everything inside him is tight, constricting into itself, collapsing, an imminent demise.He thinks he is dying.Nothing else can hurt so bad. Nothing else would be so cruel.He thinks he is dying—But he is not. He is still alive.(The one who least deserves it.)                                 He pushes his hand firmly against his lips, unable to stop the whimper that escapes him, and no matter how hard he closes his eyes, even when white spots explode under his eyelids and pain flares from inside his sockets, he cannot erase the vision of Pete’s eyes welling with tears and the jerking of his throat, swallowing back a sob, as his eyes rolled back and he turned into dust—He promised himself he wouldn’t let anything happen to that kid.He promised.He feels himself sway side to side, like a child trying to console himself, the hopeless pleas of a broken man. He’s shaking so violently, like his body doesn’t know what to do with itself. Like it doesn’t know how to respond to such agony. He feels his mind crumbling, unable to focus on anything for more than one second, like the madness that afflicted him after a nightmare – flashes of everything and nothing, all at once, images and sounds that couldn’t be explained by words, only by feelings like sorrow, and fear, and hopelessness. Tony wishes he didn’t feel anything at all.He wishes he had vanished too. Vanished like the Guardians. Strange. Peter. The universe. (Peter.)It’s his fault. His fault. He knows it is. He knew it would be, he always knew. He should’ve done something when he had the chance. He doesn’t know what, he can’t even think, he can only quiver and shake and wait until his body finally gives out. Until the pain in his chest becomes too much and his heart seizes painfully, beating too fast and too loud, too dangerous, too old, and it finally, finally finishes him off. Tony always knew it could happen. He always knew, even after so many procedures to lessen the odds, after so many years forcing himself to take care of his health to try and stop it – ever since the beginning, ever since Afghanistan, he knew there would be a day his heart wouldn’t take it. It was already scarred. It was already fated to failure.He waits for it, he truly does. He almost begs for it.As he rocks himself side to side, tears burning in his eyes behind his lids, sobbing into his palm, he waits for the moment where the pain that bursts from his left arm to spread into his chest, expanding like an explosion, taking up his torso and limbs in a red-hot flare of pain, to then succumb to numbness.It never comes. It would be only mercy, but it never comes.After all this time, Tony doesn’t even get the small reprieve of dying when he wants
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor (mentioned)
Clint Barton/Laura Barton (mentioned)
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan (mentioned)

freeform: 
Temporary Character Death
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
Time Travel Fix-It
Time Travel
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Steve Rogers
BAMF Thor (Marvel)
everyone is a BAMF honestly
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
its a conspiracy theory of a fanfic let me tell you
watch me exploit all the plot holes mcu left behind
Slow Burn
Honest Conversations About Feelings
Trust Issues
Angst with a Happy Ending
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
not exactly enemies you know what i mean
Shameless Self-Indulgence
Mutual Pining
No character bashing
but some things just need to be said
i will stare canon right in the face as i tear off its every single limb
im not playing around marvel
Hurt/Comfort
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Unreliable Narrator
Plot Driven
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
plot heavy
Comic Book Science
Metafiction
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor (mentioned)
Clint Barton/Laura Barton (mentioned)
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan (mentioned)

