Chapter 1: Serial Killer Tony
    




Chapter Text

Tony can feel the urge in the bottom of his stomach, a substantial rock that pulls against his insides. It pulls all the morality he thought he had to the depths of his body. It breaks apart any sense of reason he once had. Once the urge starts, it's impossible to stop. Unless he gives in.

 

He always gives in.

 

Tony wishes he could feel sorry for what it makes him do, but the overwhelming positive sense of 

accomplishment

 it gives him is the most intoxicating feeling. He wants to weep for the lives lost, the grief cried and the blood spilt. But when the rock in his abdomen erupts and leaves him feeling whole again, he knows he shouldn't deny it: He loves the way killing makes him feel.

 

It started with an ex friend. A prude, pain in the ass who didn't know when enough was enough. He was always complaining, nothing Tony did pleased him. One morning, he felt a hard lump form in his gut. He tried nursing the pain all throughout work. Taking Alka-Seltzer, Pepto Bismol, and other forms of subsalicylates. Nothing worked. Weeks went by but Tony dealt with the pain. At least it made him feel something. It wasn't until that smug, blonde fuck opened his mouth one morning when the two were in the lab, that Tony snapped.

 

It all seemed like he was watching a move. He watched as two actors sat at a table. They ignored each other bluntly until one that looks like him reaches for a nearby scalpel and slashes at the other's face. He observes the copycat fight the man to the ground and ultimately stabbing him dozens of times in the chest. The supporting role bleeds out, gasping for air beneath the star. The leading actor stands up and suddenly he's not watching a film anymore. 

 

From then on Tony's life consists of laying low, moving every few years and finding new victims. Most of the men Tony comes across are degenerates, delinquents, homeless or a mix of the three. He makes sure he kills the people who will garter the least amount of press. Most of the time a case will be opened on the murdered man. Police will typically spend a month or so on it before he gets sent to another county or cold-case files. Even in the rare cases where the families of the victims got involved, their cases weren't investigated for more than five months. If there's too much heat on a particular case, he flees. 

 

The urge nearly boils inside him as he drives down a desolate road. It's half past 1 AM. His eyes are half shut as he drives. If it weren’t for the hunger growing inside of him, he’s sure he would’ve fallen asleep by now. His stomach groans with every turn, with every bump and pothole driven over. It nearly doubles him over, the pain seething inside him. As he makes a slow turn left, his headlights bounce off the figure of a person walking along the road.

 


Yes.



Tony hits the brakes and rolls his driver side window down. He sticks his head out of the car, the autumn wind blows cool air against his aged skin. Standing four feet away is a young man with chestnut hair. He’s visibly cold, wearing only a pair of dark washed jeans, a t-shirt and a cardigan. Tony beams his most charismatic smile at the boy. 

 

“You lost, kid?”

 

The boy only nods at first. It takes him a moment to regain his composer. 

 

“Yeah, I - I need a ride. Do you have a cell phone so I can call a cab?” The boy trails off, clearly not wanting to bother Tony.

 

Tony’s smile doesn’t falter as he motions to the passenger seat of the car.

 

“I’ll do you one better, I’ll drive you home. Free of charge,” he offers.

 

The young man slowly inches towards the car, his figure caught in the headlights as he carefully walks. Tony takes the opportunity to give the boy another look: He’s smaller than average but not too short, has cropped hair and a hint of blemished cheeks. He probably gets freckles in the summer, that or he’s been walking in the cold for so long his face has begun to redden. Regardless, the kid is cute.

 

“You,” the boy clears his throat, “Are you sure, sir?”

 

Tony shrugs, “Of course. What else do I have better to do at 1 AM on a Sunday?”

 

With that, the kid chuckles. He nods his understanding to Tony as he makes his way around the car, his frame yet again being caught in the bright light. Tony unlocks the door and the boy slides into the passenger seat.

 

“Hi kid, I’m Tony. You alright there?” Tony feigns worry as the boy shivers as he pulls on his seatbelt.

 

“Uh yeah, just really freaking cold. Oh and I’m Peter.”

 

Peter gives him a meek smile as he wraps the loose sleeves of his cardigan over his hands. Tony starts the car and locks the doors. He continues driving, his thumbs press into the steering wheel. This kid is perfect. His favorite type of victim. The innocent, young ones are what set Tony on edge. He can feel the urge swelling as he makes a right.

 

“So,” he tries, “Peter, what in the world are you doing walking all the way out here so late at nig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Graphic Description
Violence
Murder
Blood and Gore
Begging
Crying
Underage - Freeform
Hitchhiking
Dark Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe
Child Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Alternate Universe - Serial Killers
serial killer tony
Angst
Whump
Dark
Please Don't Hate Me
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Kidnapping
Stockholm Syndrome
Alternative Universe - Dark Web
Dark Web
Hacking
Red Room
Pedophilia
Sexual Abuse
Sex Slavery
Human Trafficking
Exploitation
Religious Conflict
Pastor Tony Stark
Torture
Gaslighting
Verbal Abuse
Verbal Humiliation
Humiliation
Age Regression
Regression
agere
Scat
Piss
Dolls
Humans turned into dolls
Dollification
Forced Feminization
sissification
Master/Pet
Pet Play
Amputation
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Body Modification
Body Horror
Puppy Play
crack ship
Gangbang
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Alternate Universe - Escorts
Social Media

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

