Chapter 1: A Change of Scenery
    


Summary:

Erskine leaves a gift. Steve takes a break.





Chapter Text
 
“—fifteen hundred square feet, two bedrooms, two full bathrooms, loft area, remodeled kitchen with natural gas—”
Steve is only half listening to Mr. Stark (“Call me Howard, kid.” “I’m twenty-nine in five months.” “No shit?” ) while he looks down at the photograph on his coffee table of a beautiful two-storey log cabin with an abundance of windows.
“—mountain range to the west, if you were interested, but Bethune Lake is closer if you don’t mind the hike—”
Another photo lands on top of the first, showing an expanse of water with a tree-lined shore.
“—roughly six acres, mostly forest, all of which is private, of course, not that I’m insinuating that Abraham was a  secretive  man or anything, but—”
The next photo is an aerial shot of the cabin in a clearing, with a thick, dark forest surrounding it.
Steve squints, pointing at a white, circular spot by the side of the house.
“Is that—”
“A fire pit, and there’s a grill right beside it. You like barbecue?” Howard smiles at him gently.
Steve shrugs. Howard's smile falters, but he presses on.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Rogers. I know this must be difficult.”
(Not the word Steve would use.)
“But a change of scenery might help you through this time of grieving.”
“I’m fine,” he says tiredly. “It was a year ago.”
He remembers the gruelling eight-hour flight to Berlin, the cheap hotel room that smelled like cigarettes, standing alone at Erskine’s funeral as it rained and rained. He said goodbye to an old friend and mentor that day. The kind and generous doctor who worked with his mother during her residency and took Steve in when she died, who supported him as wholeheartedly through art school as he did through his half-assed attempt to get through medical school, who taught Steve that being a good man was better than being the best at anything else.
“Y’know, there’s no time limit on mourning,” Howard says patiently.
Steve glances over at the framed photograph of his parents on the wall, taken long before he was born. “Guess not.”
He doesn’t want to think about how long it’d been since he and Erskine had last spoken, mostly falling out of contact after he retired to Switzerland once Steve’s career picked up. He quickly made a name for himself in the art world, using his varied academic experiences to gain steady employment as a medical illustrator while dabbling in painting and comic book illustration on the side. With several projects that kept him solidly busy and no interest in bothering a new retiree, he limited himself to phone calls on birthdays and cards exchanged on Christmas and Hanukkah. When he got the news that Erskine had passed in his sleep, all that lost time hit him like a punch in the gut.
After all Erskine had done for Steve, he never expected to be in his will. The man had a family, after all. If you pressed him, Steve might have assumed to inherit the vintage medical books that Erskine used to keep on display in his office, with intricate anatomical diagrams printed on fragile pages. Not a summer home upstate that costs more than his student loans, apartment, and car.
“I can’t pitch this to you any other way. I’m a lawyer, not a real estate agent,” Howard continues, placing a few more pictures of the property on the table. Different angles of the cabin’s exterior, various shots of the rooms, a close-up of the fire pit that did, admittedly, look intriguing. “I’m just here because Dr. Erskine made it clear that he wanted this place to go to a  Mr. Steven Grant Rogers.”
Steve distantly remembers Erskine mentioning the cabin on the occasions he’d disappear up north for a few weeks, but Steve certainly never visited, himself. He preferred to spend his summers working and taking art classes, not fighting off deer flies miles from civilization. What would he do up there? It didn’t even have WiFi. Like Erskine’s brownstone in Queens, it seemed too big for one person, too empty.
“What about his family?” Steve knew Erskine’s husband had died a decade prior, but they had children and grandchildren. Surely everything would go to them.
“Kid, I’ve been flying back and forth across the pond for months getting everything sorted out with them. The remaining assets have already been bequeathed, and this one was completely overlooked because they didn’t even know it existed. Not to mention, they’re all still in Germany. They have no intention of maintaining a property overseas.”
Steve picks up a photograph of the master bath, eyeing the freestanding cast-iron tub. It occurs to him that he misses baths, stretching out in near-scalding water as the aches and tensions melt out of his bones. Living in Manhattan means sacrificing floor space, and he couldn’t justify such a luxury. Maybe when his lease is up, he can move back out to Brooklyn and try to find a place with a tub.
“Keep it, sell it, rent it out, burn it down.” From the file folder in his lap, Howard pulls out a se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Small Towns
Werewolves
Captain America Big Bang 2018 | cabigbang
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Art
Illustrated
Minor Character Death
Canonical Character Death
Slow Burn
Asthma
Panic Attacks
Masturbation
Sharing a Bed
Hand Feeding
Body Hair
Werewolves Have No Concept of Personal Space
Hair Brushing
Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Off-screen Animal Death
Accidental Voyeurism
Knotting
Rimming
Felching
Under-negotiated Kink
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Skinny Dipping
Non-Graphic Violence
forest fire
Find a home or make one

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

