Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Avengers, move out!”Tony landed onto one knee at the crashed alien spaceship just as Steve, Clint and Natasha hopped down from a sleek black jet next to him.“What took you so long?” Tony grinned, straightening. He shook his legs from the long flight in his suit, all the way to Mexico. He’d done it on a whim, to see if he could still fly long-distance, and to test his suit’s newest capabilities. Yep, everything worked like a charm. “You guys ready?”They approached the ship. It was the size of a small house, made of one long sausage shape. It laid smoking in two large parts, having broken almost exactly in the middle, one half in front of them and the other at a ninety degree angle. Piles of debris and twisted metal plates where scattered along the blackened field. The thing smashed with unbelievable force, having carved deep gorges into the ground, now laying half-buried in the earth.Tony walked in first, arm out in case something jumped at him. His suit readings detected normal atmosphere; no poisonous gasses or substances in the area. He didn’t detect any hostiles straight away. He motioned to the others, and Steve and Natasha dropped next to him.Tony cautiously walked further inside the still smoking alien ship. His feet hit small bits of debris but he didn’t care. Something glowed dead ahead and Tony tensed, increasing the brightness of his repulsor beam to see better.It was a wall.A glowing wall of cabinets.Tony scanned up and around him but nothing had attacked him. The ship was literally a hollow sausage shape. There was nowhere to hide.“Well, seems the battle’s over,” Tony said, relaxing his stance into something more comfortable. He didn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed. He flew all the way to Mexico. Clint and Natasha alone could’ve handled this.Then he reminded himself that they hadn’t known if there were hostile creatures onboard or not. What if the they had guessed wrong?The team relaxed, and Tony dissolved his face-plate as Steve, Natasha and Clint split to wander around. His suit didn’t register anything poisonous or toxic other than the carbon monoxide from the smoke, and Tony’d rather admire the alien technology with his own eyes. Tony examined the glowing wall at the end of the ship again, which looked the most intact, and saw what looked like gold ball-point pens litter the floor. This part of the ship was clearly some sort of cargo, with blue cabinets lining floor to ceiling, a single pulsing white line per cabinet acting as the hatch. One of the cabinets left a gaping black void in the wall, and laid crushed on the black floor of the spaceship, its white panel turned red, and hundreds of that looked like golden ball-point pens laying on the floor around it.Tony picked up a pen. It was golden with dimples all over it, as if for easy grip. A single black seam ran in the middle of the object, obviously meant to open or unscrew. Tony looked back onto the floor. Whatever those were, they were sturdier than a pen, as only a couple lay broken on the floor.Tony sniffed. Strawberries? It was such a strange smell among the burning. “Did anyone bring strawberries?” He asked the team.Clint and Natasha looked at him blankly before Steve shook his head.“Perfume? Anyone?”“Just do your job,” Natasha said.“Charred strawberry is so the next aux de toilette.” Tony looked at the pens crushed underfoot. A kind of liquid was pooling around them. He looked at the one in his hand. He pried it open. It twisted easily. The inside was hollow, and a small drop of pearly goop glistened on the rim. The smell of strawberries got stronger. Some kind of ester? Tony brought the two halves together and took a deep whiff.Something jumped at his face. Tony yelped, dropping the pen. The thing shot up his nostril, gagging him. He swiped at his face, desperate to get the thing off, but it was too late. Pain stabbed him in the nose and behind the eyes as the thing borrowed through his skull. Tony doubled over, clutching at the blood dribbling down his face and choking as it flowed down his throat. That… he thought amid the madness, that was so dumb. I can’t believe I did that! He screamed, the pain unbearable, and was about to tell Friday to cut his circulation but stopped because he couldn’t cut the blood flow to his brain and expect to come out alive.He scrabbled at his face but it was useless. The thing, the alien, burrowed so deep he felt a blazing hot trail in his skull. He dropped to the floor, the pain pulsing with red hot lava. He saw the others rush at him when suddenly, everything went black.Someone was shaking him. “Gah!” Tony sat up. Clint and Natasha reeled back just in time to avoid a head butt.“Stark!” Clint said.Tony blinked. Something seemed to be hovering in front of Clint’s face. Kind of like a fog. He focused on it, and the image disappeared.Huh? Tony thought. I must be hallucinating. “How long was I out?” Tony said, raising a hand to his still trickling nose.Natasha 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Inhales an Alien
Stephen Strange is not prepared
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Crack Treated Seriously
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Mild Language
Humor
is actually deeply meaningful at times
Tony Stark is bad at feelings
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Canon-Typical Violence
come read this it's hysterical
IronStrange
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Slow Burn
Falling In Love
Two Smartasses Falling In Love
Hurt/Comfort
Touching
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Mirror Sex
Top Stephen Strange
Bottom Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

