Chapter 1: Part One
    


Summary:

Part 1.Tony: omegaSteve: alphaBucky: alpha



Notes:
I really hope that you guys like this. It's one of my favorite things I think I've done. Tell me what you think!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Tony, I need to tell you something,” Steve called in a pathetic attempt to get Tony’s attention through the crowd that was gathered in the lobby of the Tower.All of the reporters were there to listen to some big announcement that had already been made. Steve had waited the minimum number of seconds he had to before trying to get the Omega to come listen to him. Whatever the announcement was, it could wait to be looked at.“Tony!”Annoyed, the Omega turns on his heel and faces Steve, suit crinkling around the waist as he does. Under any other circumstances, Steve would have taken a moment to appreciate the wonderful view of Tony in navy blue silk, but now is not the time. Not with the news that he has for Tony. “The press conference just ended! What could you possibly have to tell me that’s so urgent?” The Omega complains. Was Steve really just that excited to see him? It couldn’t be. Steve…Oh. The Alpha looked upset. What happened?Steve sighs. Oh, Tony had no idea. “I…Can we be alone for a minute?”Staring strangely at the man, Tony grabbed his hand and pulled him into a separate conference room, shoving his way through the crowd of people trying to get a quote from him and enjoying the tingles in their fingers along the way.A romance had been subtly brewing between the two of them for a while, and Tony soon planned to do something about it tonight.“What is it? Did they find a portal to Doom?” He asked, fumbling towards the empty table and sitting on the edge of it. He loved being shorter than Steve, and he had always hated being short. Something about it with Steve, though, was satisfying. He wanted to be taken care of, and boy could Steve do that.But, there were more important things.They had been looking for Doom for months now. The villain would open up a portal using magic that the Avengers didn’t understand, and Doombots would be released into New York City.Every time they got close, the portal letting Doombots free into the city would close and they would be left to pick off each robot until they were all gone, like chopping weeds off from where they can be seen but leaving roots in the ground. The problem kept coming back, and they were no closer to finding a portal today than they had been yesterday.If Steve came back from his SHIELD meeting with news that they would be able to capture Doom, that would surely be worth some celebrating.But Steve pulled his hand away, stopping the sparks between them. He couldn’t continue touching the Omega like this after he had just been begging Bucky to remember him. “Bucky, we loved each other. We were going to be mates once the world changed. Don’t you remember?” He forced the thought away. No. This can’t be about that.“Did something happen at SHIELD?” Tony had thought it unusual how Fury had so suddenly called Steve away for something private. “Did they find some old drawings of yours or something?”Oh, did they ever. An old boyfriend of his. “Tony, I have something to tell you. It’s-it’s about your parents.”Tony jerked back slightly. “Oh. What about?” His eyes darkened at the mention of those he lost—those he had such mixed feelings over. His father, a rather shitty man, was no loss to Tony, but his death had been the loss of any possibility that Howard would have a change of heart. Maria Stark’s death had crushed Tony.“It’s about how they died.” The Alpha said slowly, moving to sit down in a chair before Tony. The Omega should be the upper one here; Tony should feel like he has the control for at least one more moment before his world falls apart. “Tony, they…That car crash was a setup. It wasn’t an accident.” The words took a second to settle in. Steve kept talking. “It was planned by HYDRA. They sent an Agent to assassinate your parents.” Steve cringes at even calling Bucky something as impersonal as an Agent.The Omega holds up a hand, not wanting him to continue. “Wh…”“I’m so sorry.”“Wh…What are you talking about? They…HYDRA did it? No. No; my dad was drunk.” He insisted. “My dad was drunk. He crashed the car. He did it.”“I’m so sorry.”“There’s…That’s not possible. Who…How’d they find that out?”The Alpha averted his eyes. There was only so much that he could do to respect Tony and protect Bucky. He had to be upfront about what happened; he wouldn’t hold information back from Tony because that’s just not right, but if Tony’s immediate reaction was to go and fight, Steve wasn’t sure what he’d do. “The Winter Soldier was apprehended. He’s with SHIELD right now.”“Oh.” What was he supposed to say? “He…He did it, then?”“Yes. When they got him, they found that he had been kidnapped and-and tortured—reprogrammed.” Steve looked up to the ceiling and breathed in quietly, trying to st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Tony-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
Doombots
blowjob
Smut
Oral Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Possessive Steve
Protective Bucky Barnes
Plot Twists

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

