Work Text:
Peter and Ned cackled as they leant over Ned’s phone in the middle of the cafeteria. On screen, Flash Thompson was talking to the camera, using wild hand gestures as he rambled. The video was called SPIDER-MAN: SCIENCE EXPERIMENT OR GOD?????
“One witness even said that Spider-Man claimed to get his powers from a ‘spider god’!” Flash said. “With beings like Thor and Loki just coming and going from our planet, is it really so difficult to believe that Spider-Man could be a god like them? However, Thor and Loki never hid their identities, seeing as they didn’t have lives on this planet. Why would Spider-Man wear a mask? Well, I think, if he got his powers from a ‘spider god’ like he apparently claimed, that would make him from Earth, and doing a god’s bidding, rather than being a god himself.”
Peter wiped a tear from his eye as he laughed.
“Oh my god,” he wheezed, trying to stop himself from clenching the table in his fist and squeezing it into nothing. “I can’t believe he’s taking the whole ‘spider god’ thing seriously.”
“Why did you even say that?” Ned asked with laughter in his voice.
“I don’t even know, it sounded funny at the time-”
On screen, Flash jumped to the next theory, that Spider-Man was not just an experiment, but a government one.
“Hey, remember when I said we should do a conspiracy theory video about Spider-Man?” Peter said, taking a bite of his sandwich. Ned nodded, not looking away from his phone. “I really think we should do it now.”
 
-
 
Harley stared at the computer screen in dismay.
“Two-hundred and sixty-three subscribers,” he said.
“Practically YouTube famous,” Peter agreed, then pushed Harley’s chair so it span to face him. “Consider this: we make a better YouTube channel.”
Harley raised an eyebrow. “Is this just so you can one-up him? Because I don’t need that in my life right now. I’m trying to get into college and if my name is attached to something like this-” he points to Flash, paused on screen, mid rant, “no one will ever accept me, no matter how many glowing letters Tony writes.”
Peter frowned. “You’re getting Tony to write you a recommendation letter?”
“Obviously. If he’s going to act like my surrogate father, then he might as well.”
“Surrogate father?” Peter asked, deadpan.
Harley shrugged. “He’s already rich. He doesn’t need to go to 7-Eleven for scratchers.”
Peter huffed. Harley’s big move was comedy to hide genuine traumatic experiences that changed his life. Come to think of it, that was Tony’s too. And Peter’s.
They had some shit to work through.
“Okay, okay, my idea isn’t like Flash’s. It’s bigger. It’s better. It’s got multiple layers of planning and actual Avenger interviews. And with the fact that we’re not random kids on the internet – we’re Tony’s random kids, we’re guaranteed more views.”
Harley sighed heavily, then span his chair back to look at Flash on screen. “I’m listening.”
 
-
 
Part one to the plan was actually to mess with Flash a little, because the video was going to take a long time to plan. Harley couldn’t help with this part, seeing as he didn’t go to Peter’s school, so instead his job was getting the filming equipment and finding good locations in the compound to film with Pepper’s guiding hand.
Meanwhile, at Midtown, Peter winked at Ned as they walked into Academic Decathlon (for once, on time).
“You know what’s really weird?” Peter said to his best friend as they walked in the room. He said it a little louder than necessary and made sure he didn’t look around to see if Flash was listening. “The other day, I saw Mr Stark with some sort of spandex on under his clothes?”
Ned frowned. Their acting was not great. They were going to need to get better at this for their documentary. “Why would he be wearing spandex?”
Peter shrugged. “I don’t know. It was weird though, like other than the armour, I’ve never seen Mr Stark wear red in his life.”
They sat down at the table and Peter finally looked around the room, seeing Flash watching with a curious expression. A moment later, Flash’s nose was back in his book, but Peter knew he’d sparked the interest.
Two nights later, Flash had posted a new video.
 


TONY STARK: DOUBLE THE TROUBLE? SPIDER-MAN REVEALED




 


“Has Tony Stark been Spider-Man this entire time?” Flash asked the camera. “Well, it’s more likely than you think. Tony Stark is in pretty great shape for a man his age, so when an insider who works with the man himself came to me and said that he’d spotted Stark wearing red spandex beneath his clothes, it wasn’t difficult to put two and two together.”
 
The three boys, sitting at the computer, laughed so hard they cried. Behind them, Tony watched on with a worried expression.
“A man of my age?” he asked, his voice quiet. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Peter choked on his lemonade when he saw Tony looking like a kicked puppy, staring forlornly at Flash’s face on the screen.
 
-
 
Peter made sure that he talked about his hunt for Spider-Man’s true identity in school. He made sure he wasn’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds

freeform: 
Teen for language
Peter says Fuck
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
conspiracy videos
Social Media
Flash Thompson has no fucking idea what's about to hit him
He's also not as much of a dick in this because come on guys

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds

