Work Text:

Let’s make a deal, love.
He’d asked Venom to stop with the pet names a million times and each time the request was ignored, but Eddie knew why they didn’t listen. Any time they said “love” it made him shiver. Any time they said “dear” his heart thudded along his ribs. Venom would lean into the feeling, obviously enjoying the feedback loop. Everything was fair game, no secrets kept, as long as Venom was inside Eddie. “What’re you going on about?”
You’ve been pent-up, you need release. We can see it.
A blush creeped without warning, his face ruddy to any passersby. If Venom didn’t live in his head, it would be easy to feign ignorance. But how can you hide from a being that could stitch you together from the inside out?It’ll be good for you. For us. His throat was dry and tied in knots as he rooted around his pockets for change, sliding the coins into the machine one by one. We know what you want. We’ve seen what you want. We know exactly how to please you, darling. “Shut up!” Eddie hissed. The bus drivers face, first impassive, was now a picture of “oh great, another lunatic”. It shouldn’t be a look a person got used to, but Eddie was entirely unfazed after months of Venom pushing nearly all of his buttons. Last coin in, Eddie straightened his back to smile at the bus driver. They countered with a tight-lipped nod. Yeah, fair enough. 
RUDE! Can we eat this person?
Eddie gritted his teeth while vigorously shaking his head, garnering a few people away from their phones, as he walked to an empty seat in the middle of the bus.We can hear if you speak inside. Not the first time they pointed that out, but Eddie didn’t want to. That would mean admitting that Venom could see everything. It’s something he already understood but he longed to keep a few thoughts private. Obviously, that hadn’t worked. At first Venom was like a shitty roommate that left messes and ate all his food and made lewd comments to his ex-fiancé. Then it evolved into something of a friendship. No, who was he kidding, Venom was his best friend. And how couldn’t they be?“You can’t do anything about it right now anyways. So drop it.”A warm coil formed deep in his chest. Usually a comforting action. Now it felt laced with… “No!” Eddie crossed his legs. “Not now.” 
In the middle of the fucking BUS, dude? Oh jesus fuck this can’t be happening right now.

You need release, dear.
He crossed his arms, finger nails biting into the flesh there, sweat forming on his neck and forehead. 
Just take some deep breaths. It’s no different than being a horny kid in the middle of class.

Did you have someone living in you then too, Eddie? Someone who could do this?
Eddie couldn’t see it, but he felt a piece of Venom leave his body, only to stroke the underside of his thickening cock. His lips parted as he shifted in his seat, hands gripping tighter around his biceps. 
We know you’ve been trying to hide it from us, deny it from us, but we know what you want, Eddie.
“No! Don’t --” a woman looked up, her eyes immediately locked on his. Whatever look he gave, and there’s no way to really know, made her quickly turn back to her phone. Okay, so this was an entirely new situation. Eddie couldn’t say any of this out loud, even if he pretended to be talking on his phone. This situation was too much for the middle of a semi-crowded bus. And maybe that’s exactly what that fucker wanted. 
Fine! Have it your way.
Venom’s laughter rumbled through every part of his body, causing his aches to deepen and harden. Do you wish to hear our deal, love?Just listen for a second! He was shaking, as if cold, continuing his deep breathing, There’s the issue of consent here.They weren’t visible, but Eddie could tell Venom rolled their eyes, Are you serious? We know what you want!
Yeah, well, I won’t cooperate unless you do this where I want. And in public is NOT where I want it.

Pussy. Fine, we accept these terms. 
Okay, A shiver ran across his whole body, a dumb shimmy to anyone who might have seen, Tell me your deal.We fill you up here, a tendril of Venom pushed against Eddie’s hole, while you do as you please.
We’re in public! We can’t fuck in public.

Who said anything about fucking?
Eddie felt warmth pool in his lower stomach at that. The tendril, still pressed against his cock, had become viscous. The sweat on his body turned cold as Venom made a mess of his hole, leaning and teasing into his entrance assuredly.  
We’ve seen your thoughts, what you desire from us.
The tendril thinned to enter him and flared after a few inches inside. His breath hitched.
How depraved you are when you think we can’t see; when you think we don’t notice.
And the tendril thickened. Eddie’s lungs were shallow as his throat bobbed, needing air. It occurred to Eddie that thoughts weren’t normally words, not exactly. Most of the time thoughts came in visuals or feelings. So when pleasure fluttered in that sex specific way, Eddie was surprised to feel Venom’s right alongside his own. Twin pleasures danc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Tentacle Sex
Anal Play
Teasing
Tentacles
Butt Plugs
Venom is the butt plug
because my hornee knows no bounds
Choking
Anal Sex
Anal Plug
Double Penetration in Two Holes
Overstimulation
Enthusiastic Consent
Semi-Public Sex
Podfic Available
Podfic & Podficced Works

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

