Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
The air in the room was so tense that Tony thought it would have been better if he hadn’t shown up. The UN could surely look after a gaggle of heroes alone, right? It wasn’t like it was all that important that Tony was there to watch them sign the Sokovia Accords.The Sokovia Accords. The things that had caused all the trouble to start with. A sick feeling set in Tony’s stomach at the thought that he had caused a lot of the trouble. But he had recently worked so hard, not that they would ever thank him, to get the rogue Avengers pardoned. He had worked to change the Sokovia Accords so it was more about the heroes being held at accountability and less about them having to give up their identity and their rights. It was much better now. Sure they still needed the UNs stamp of approval to go into action, but that seemed fair enough, considering the damage they’d caused. Tony also had his legal team working all day every day to get Ross fired.But sitting in a room with his old friends, none of this seemed to make a difference. The mood was sullen and everyone sat with their shoulders squared as if they were ready to fight. The four people in the room who were expected to sign the Accords all had unpleasant frowns on their faces. There was such a divide in the way the UN official, Tony, Rhodey and Vision sat on one side and Natasha, Sam, Wanda and Steve sat on the other. Clint and Scott (“Who?” Tony had asked at the mention of Ant-Guy) had signed the Accords earlier and much quicker than their counterparts because they had families they wanted to return to. Much quicker being a year ago. It had been a year since the fight. Since Germany, since Siberia. Since what the media had dubbed the ‘Civil War’.Clint and Scott had been quick to sign revised Accords and go into house arrest. The others had not. But now they were signing them and would go into house arrest at the new Avengers Compound. Tony was fairly sure the only reason they had even changed their mind was because he had gotten them pardoned and they were no longer fugitives. But then, he couldn’t pretend to know their motives. It hadn’t worked well for him last time.---Tony hated having the other Avengers back in the compound. He hated feeling so vulnerable. He hated that he was too scared to have Peter over, because he didn’t want them to meet him, but that meant spending less time with him. He hated having more people living with him only to act like they weren’t there, to not talk to them, to still be just as alone. If he walked into a room with one of the rogues or one of them walked into a room he was in there would be silence after the obligatory “Hello”. The only people he talked to were Rhodey and Vision. Or Happy and Pepper on the off chance they were there. Steve and Natasha had attempted to talk to him the first night of their stay and that had been a disaster. He tried to push the memory from his mind.Thinking of the others he frowned, he wasn’t going to be able to avoid them much longer. A meeting between the seven heroes at the compound had been scheduled so they could talk strategy and teamwork. That was tomorrow and unfortunately, though she tried unbeknownst to the others, Pepper had been unable to get Tony a meeting in the time slot.He couldn’t help but wonder why he had gotten them all pardoned. Why he had thought it was a good idea to invite them all to his home. It all seemed so much sillier now that it had actually happened. If the world was in danger they probably would have shown up to save it anyway.His phone buzzed, pulling him from his dread. He couldn’t help but grin when he saw the text. Maybe he would be able to avoid the others for longer than he thought.---Natasha wandered the compound. She worked hard to remember every twist and turn she took, to memorise the layout, as was a habit she had picked up in her years as an assassin. She liked the building, liked what Tony had done. She was trying to find him, so maybe she’d tell him so. Probably not.She had been in the lounge with Wanda, Sam and Steve. Vision had been there too, but he was really only talking to Wanda. They were the only ones who had been on different sides of the fight that were on speaking terms. Over the few days she had been there, the lounge, kitchen and her bedroom were the only places she frequented. Now, she had slipped away from the others to find Tony. It wasn’t that she wanted to apologise to him, not exactly, but she did want to talk to him. She wanted to be on good enough terms with him that they could talk to each other instead of awkwardly standing in the same room.Maybe it would eventually lead to an apology from both parties. Because, contrary to what the others might believe Natasha had huge regrets in her actions at Leipzig. Not saving Steve and Bucky, she had to do that, she owed it to Steve. But the fact that she had to double cross to do it. She wanted more than anyone to bring the team back together, becaus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
5+1 Things
Peter Parker is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

