Chapter 1: Iron Man I
    




Chapter Text
Peter’s father built things that Peter didn’t understand at first.
 
Because these weren’t the things he usually built. These were things the knights wore, from the King Arthur movie Peter loved so much. But not exactly the same, since these armors made his father fly and made him shoot things from his hands. Peter didn’t understand, but he guessed he didn’t need to. There were a lot of things he didn’t understand. That was what being six – almost seven – entailed.
 
So, he watched and tried to make sense of it himself. A lot of that was because his father didn’t tell him much about what he was doing. Just that it was for protection and things like that. Peter watched his father build, but the day his dad shot through the glass wall and Peter had been sprayed with shards, he hadn’t been allowed back down into the shop. That was more on Pepper’s orders, and Peter’s father had agreed. Peter didn’t know why. He hadn’t even been cut.
 
Occasionally though, he’d sneak down. He’d watch through the window from the stairs as his father worked and flew and did things Peter would never be able to explain. It was like magic, but science and robots. Peter’s father could turn into one whenever the armor surrounded him and that was pretty amazing.
 
But his father was a lot more tired now. Ever since coming back from the desert and back to Peter, he had been very tired. Dark circles under his eyes and Peter wanted his father to go to sleep. Just for a little while. He was awake whenever Peter was put to bed and he was awake when Peter got up in the morning. There was something wrong, but Peter didn’t ask anymore because when he did his father would frown and pinch his cheeks or ruffle his hair. Peter didn’t like when his father looked so hurt.
 
Pepper had no problem with telling Peter’s father to sleep though and sometimes he’d catch his dad sleeping on his desk or the floor or anywhere but his bed. Some nights Peter lied and said he had nightmares, just so his father would sleep in his room. And Peter wouldn’t let himself slip off until he knew his father was already asleep next to him.
 
His dad was better on days he slept.
 
But then a lot was happening around Peter that he didn’t understand. Conversations about the armor and about people not knowing who his father was. And Peter was not allowed to tell anyone, especially his teacher or Ms. Goldrush who watched him whenever his father was too busy building or not at home.
 
Mr. Obie came over a lot more too and Peter didn’t like that very much. Especially the night Mr. Obie hurt his father.
 
Peter knew better than to come out of his hiding spot that night. He had snuck down the stairs, hearing voices from the living room. But when he saw Mr. Obie there, leaning over the couch and over his father, Peter had crouched down and covered his mouth with his hands to keep himself from breathing too loud. It felt like his heart was going burst from his tiny chest while he watched Mr. Obie pluck the thing that kept his father alive from his chest.
 
“This is your legacy. A new generation of weapons with this at its heart.”
 
Peter didn’t get it. But his father’s skin had gone pale and he wasn’t moving. Not at all. His brown eyes watered and he just couldn’t grasp it…why, why, why was Mr. Obie hurting his dad? Why wasn’t his father moving? Fighting? Using his new armor to do something, anything?
 
Then Mr. Obie was leaving. Peter ran down the stairs when he knew the man had gone.
 
Peter’s bare feet smacked against the floor as he rushed to the couch where his father laid. He jumped on it, propping himself up on his knees and holding his father’s shoulder to keep himself up right. The man was stiff, staring ahead, his mouth set in a thin line and his skin was growing paler by each passing moment. Peter felt his lower lip tremble as he shook his father’s shoulder ever so slightly, “Dad?”
 
His father didn’t say anything. But his eyes did move to look at Peter. Peter felt the tears grow hot on his cheeks and his face flushed with panic. Peter whimpered again, “What’s wrong? W-what…what…”
 
He couldn’t wrap his mind around it. Around his father’s friend coming in and hurting him like that. Taking the thing from his dad’s chest. Peter studied the intimidating hole, staring, wondering and thinking of a way to fix it. To make it better. He bit down on his tongue and whispered, “I dunno what to do.”
 
Peter grabbed his dad’s hand, still staring at the gaping hole. His father’s fingers were twitching, but only in the slightest. Peter looked up at the ceiling and called, “Jarvis!”
 
“Yes Peter,” The voice responded, always there, always dependable.
 
Peter looked back down at his dad’s blanched face, “D-Dad is…how do I h-help him?”
 
He just wanted to cry. He wanted Pepper or Uncle Rhodey to show up and help and fix him. He wanted Mr. Obie to never come visit again. His stomach felt too hot and the whole room was too small for him and Peter wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kid Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

