Chapter 1





Chapter Text


 “Come on, Stark. Stop being such an arrogant bastard.”“For your information, my parents were married before I was conceived.” Is all the billionaire said as he walked passed the Rogues and headed to his workshop/lab with a packet of blueberries in his right hand whilst his left arm was wrapped around Bruce’s waist as he led his science-bro to their haven. Yes. That’s right. The Rogue-Avengers (which is what everyone still dubbed the team even though they…) had been pardoned and unfortunately, they were now Tony’s responsibility. Together the Rogue and New Avengers lived at the Compound. But, Tony had found himself a new team and family.  The New-Avengers consisted of Tony, Rhodey, Peter (but not officially and only if needed), Dr Strange, Vision, Bruce, Thor and surprisingly, Loki. Said God of Mischief was…good. The word, however, was only used loosely as he was -you know- the God of Mischief and bound to get up to no good sometimes. All of them -minus Tony- had come together to make an agreement where they’d do their best to protect their favourite billionaire from the Rogues. It was difficult, however, what with the glares, the stares, the snarks and the constant constant verbal attacks. Plus, Rogers kept trying to hard to make Tony forgive them and let them become a team again. As if that would ever happen. Though, surprisingly, Tony and Bucky Barnes -who was out of HYDRAs grasp for good, though Winter (which was what the Winter Soldier liked to be called) was still there, it appeared that Bucky had developed a multiple personality disorder and Winter only came out when Bucky couldn’t handle the situation, the stress, when Bucky needed a break and/or when Bucky needed support in a mission -though, during missions Bucky and Winter were usually there together- had become friends. Tony had made him a new arm and the man had been so painfully honest in his apology that the billionaire couldn’t help but forgive him. Anyway, the two were quite close now and somewhat terrifyingly, Winter (along with Bucky but he wasn’t as extreme) was very protective. 
——LINE BREAK——
 It happened on a mission. The first mission both teams were working together. Everyone from the New Avengers had been against it. Saying no one had worked properly together as a single team. It didn’t help that no one trusted each other. Which was why everything went wrong on the mission.The Rogues didn’t listen. The teams didn’t come together, they stayed separate. Wanda ‘lost’ control…and well, everything…it just went wrong. Their most recent villain was a sorcerer, which should’ve made things easy considering they had three magic users, yet the villain still got the best of the heroes.  He sent a spell at Tony seconds before Dr Strange succeeded in subduing the sorcerer. “You are all complete morons. Stay with him and don’t fuck up this time.” Strange growled before quickly hurrying over to Tony along with the rest of the billionaire’s team, leaving the Rogues to deal with their glaring villain.  
——LINE BREAK——
 Dr Strange, who had reached Tony first, left immediately taking the genius with him. The others made were confused and left wondering -even Strange’s team! When they had been debriefed and made their way home, Tony’s team rushed off to find the man and their resident Sorcerer supreme. The Rogues were also curious and decided to follow. Several of them hoping for the worst. “Right. Well, Tony is fine…” Strange started from where he stood in front of the hospital ward,“But?” Thor asked,“But…he’s six years old.”“What?” Everyone exclaimed,“He’s six years old, yet there appears to be a bit of his adult mind. He recognised me and Dr Cho. Also, when Vision came down, Tony seemed to know him immediately. That being said he doesn’t remember anything other than what he did at six. So we theorised that his memories of his proper age are blurry and distant. He may end up remembering certain things, but we can’t really say anything until…he more or less shows us.” He explained gesturing a bit with shaky hands, before turning and opening the door to reveal a small boy, who hastily hid behind Stephen’s legs whilst clutching the man’s right trouser leg. “Anthony why don’t you say hi.” That shook the boy from his shyness and his face fell blank revealing that he had learned to mask his emotions at a young age.“Now now, young Anthony, Dr Strange didn’t say for you to shut yourself off like that.” Loki murmured crouching down to the boys level and holding his hand out, “Do you know who I am? My name is Loki.”“I…I recognise you…I think.” The little boy whispered as he gingerly shook the god's hand before looking at everyone else, “I…I know you all.”“That you do, Tones.”“Rhodey!” The child squealed causing everyone to jump at the sudden change of attitude, but the man only laughed and held his arms out to hug the six-year-old.“It appears that he most definitely remembers his best friend.”“Well, he has known me the longest, so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Team Cap bashing
Except Sam Scott and Bucky
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Crying
deaged tony
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Ambiguous/Open Ending
-kinda
How Do I Tag
I'm Bad At Titles
I'm Bad At Tagging
Pardoned Team Cap
Mulan (1998) References
Clint Bashing
Natasha Bashing
Wanda Bashing
Steve Bashing
Past Character Death
Swearing
-though if you've read my other works it shouldn't be a surprise anymore lol
Loki's Children are mentioned
-as in Jormungandr Hela Sleipnir and Fenrir
-from Norse mythology (i hope)
Adorable Tony Stark
Sleepy Tony Stark
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

