Work Text:
Peter had been slightly overwhelmed with all the questions he was getting from the Avengers. Tony had disappeared for almost half an hour, but luckily the billionaire came back to save him.
At least that's what he thought.
"Alright, alright, stop torturing the kid. I need to talk to him." Tony says, saving his kid from the hallway of death.
"... Alright, but we still have some questions that need answered." Natasha says, letting Peter escape.
"He isn't off the hook yet. And neither are you, Tony." Steve says, crossing his arms in a disapproving manner.
"Yeah, yeah. Sure." Tony says, rolling his eyes as he walked off with Peter.
"... So what did you want to talk about, Mr. Stark?" Peter asks curiously after a few moments of silence.
"Well, I was looking through some of the papers Pepper told me to look over, and a bunch of them were field trip requests." Tony says with a grin.
"Mr. Stark, please tell me you.." Peter trails off, becoming more and more concerned.
"Oh, but I did, Pete." Tony says with a smirk. "I'm just saying, it sounded like a perfect opportunity to meet this Flash kid I've been hearing about."
"Oh, oh no, no, Happy told you about that, didn't he?" Peter asks with a groan.
"He tells me everything, you couldn't have thought I'd let anyone bully my kid." Tony says checking his watch. "I have a meeting in a few hours, want to work in the lab with me?"
"... Do you really think that'll make it up to me, Mr. Stark?" Peter asks, raising an eyebrow.
"I have no idea what you're talking about." Tony says with a grin. "Anyway, I was thinking we could work on some upgrades for your spidey suit."
Peter sighs, knowing the field trip to the Tower would worse than the field trip to Oscorp.
Especially now that he was calling the Avengers 'Aunt' and 'Uncle'. He wasn't going to be able to explain that.
The rest of Saturday was spent tinkering in the lab with Tony, the billionaire blew the meeting off after learning who requested the meeting. Peter never found out who it was, but he decided not to press.
Most of Sunday was spent dreading the school day that awaited him the next day. But after getting his lazy ass up, Peter was glad to learn that the Avengers had hounded Tony and didn't have very many questions for him anymore.
So after saying 'hi' to everybody, he decided to go patrolling.
Spider-Man was soon on the streets, swinging from building to building with glee. Peter always loved the swinging part, but became concerned when he realized his webs weren't as strong.
Peter landed on top of a tall building, shooting a web at the ground and pulling on it. Nope, the web was as strong as ever.
Peter shot a web at the building he had just swung from and pulled on it. Again, the web was just as strong as it always had been. Confused, he swung to the building to check the base of his web.
And there, he found an abandoned axe.
Peter was now confused and concerned. He checked the axe out, and it was really sharp. It almost cut through his suit, and he had barely touched it.
At this point, Peter thought it'd be a good idea to swing back to the Tower and tell Tony.
But did he ever go with his good ideas?
Instead, Peter brushed it off and went web slinging again, completely forgetting about it by the end of the day. It was only after he checked in with Tony that he realized something was wrong.
"Yes, Mr. Stark, I'm fine. I'm going to head back to the Tower now, okay? ..... Yes, I ate lunch. I had one of Mr. Delmar's sandwiches, remember? Yeah,... Yes, that's when I checked in with you last. Ye... Yes, yes. I'll see you soon." Peter says with a sigh, not really listening to Tony as he glanced around. He hung up and went web swinging again.
Peter still couldn't shake his spidey-sense off and it was really kinda freaking him out. It was dark and that just made everything creepier. But he shouldn't be scared, he was Spider-Man.
Even with his enhanced senses, Peter couldn't stop the axe that flew by and cut his web. The next thing he knew, he was on the ground and hurting. A lot.
"You weren't supposed to hit him! I wanted him alive!"
"It's not my fault he's fast!"
"It is. You'll be paying for this. Let's scram."
Peter didn't move a muscle, since it sounded like whoever was after him thought he was dead. He only got up after the footsteps faded out, and acessed the damage.
Okay, that's why he hurt.
He had a friggin' axe in his side.
Ouch.
Peter sighs slightly, the adrenaline kept him from feeling too much of the pain.
"This could be a little problematic." Peter mumbles, leaning against a wall as he looked down at the axe.
"Peter, I have alerted Mr. Stark about your situation. He is on his way." Karen chimes in.
"Nooo, Karen why'd you do that?" Peter whines, starting to feel more of the pain.
"It may be because of the axe in your side. Mr. Stark has programmed me to alert him in case of these things." Karen explains.
"Oh. Mr. Stark thinks of everything, doesn't he?" Peter asks with a faint smile, glad to have such a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony is used to Peter getting hurt
Or at least he should be
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
sleepy boi Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

