Work Text:
It all starts with the kid’s face blowing up, in all its pixelated glory, during the news broadcast. This early in the morning, it’s only Tony, Steve, and Bruce; Natasha has it written up in her contract that she’s legally allowed to murder anyone who interrupts her beauty sleep, and Clint’s probably brooding somewhere, honestly. Tony didn’t get all too much sleep, mostly because he didn’t want to climb into bed and not be working, Steve’s the pinnacle of an early-to-rise American hero, and Bruce just hates himself (and something about how early minds get the most work done, blah blah).   

 

“Hey, isn’t that Peter?” Bruce asks mildly, and Tony looks up from seeing distorted shapes in his tooth-melting coffee to seeing Peter’s face fill the screen. The kid’s beaming bashfully, possessing way too much energy even through the TV screen, and Tony swears he can feel his grumpy layer starting to thaw away in the face of... Peter.

 

Ugh. 

 

“Yeah,” Tony sniffs, snatching the remote from Steve’s unaware hand and turning the volume up. He ignores the miffed look Steve sends him and leans in as the camera zooms out of Peter to focus on some sort of board behind him.

 

“Parker, only fifteen, stunned judges last weekend with his presentation on gene identification and neural degeneration. To be honest,” the reporter smiles kindly at Peter, “I can barely even explain it! How did a kiddo like you come about this idea?” She asks, and though the question is innocent, there’s a slight implication that someone else might have given Peter the idea. Tony bristles at the very thought. 

 

Peter just smiles shyly, establishing himself as so disarming that Tony can practically see the reporter physically trying not to clutch her heart. 

 

“I’ve always been interested in genetics,” Peter starts, humble in the way he curves his shoulders inward. “I want to put what I learn to good use, y’know? That’s why I’ve been studying cell mutations and gene identification to see if there’s any type of mutation that could possibly inhibit the rapid degeneration of neurons.” The kid is picking up speed. “As we know, there are mutations that affect Tau- basically one of the biggest parts of intercellular deposits that are at the core of neurodegenerative disorders.” 

 

The reporter’s eyes are starting to glaze over. Steve just looks perplexed, and while Tony’s following along to a certain extent, Bruce has placed his notepad down and is intently watching Peter speak. 

 

“Anyway, these mutations, they basically keep Tau from communicating with, like, microtubules? And on the other hand, they introduce Tau’s proclivity to bind with abnormal filaments instead of the microtubules they’re supposed to bind with-“ By now, Peter isn’t even trying to hide the fact that he is, in fact, a giant nerd; he’s wildly gesticulating at diagrams on his board while the reporter just nods along helplessly.

 

“Oh, that’s clever,” Bruce smiles, and Tony turns to see him looking quite pleased. “Peter is trying to see if there any mutations that will, in fact, keep Tau from binding with abnormal filaments. That would at least temporarily slow down the progression of neurodegenerative disorders.”

 

This isn’t really Tony’s specialty, but he knows brilliance when he sees it. And that look in Peter’s eyes, wild and bright, is nothing short of it. And to be honest ... he’s proud. Even if that kind of freaks him out.

 

“Anyway, one of these Tau mutations is, like, a major risk factor for supranuclear-“

 

“I’m so sorry, Mr. Parker, but unfortunately we have another segment coming up,” the reporter smiles apologetically, and Peter’s mouth snaps closed like his switch was turned off. He looks embarrassed and a little flustered, which bothers Tony more than he’d like to admit.

 

“Yeah, of- of course. Sorry, I- I tend to get carried away,” he apologizes, blushing something furious.

 

“Well, I think there’s no doubt that you’re a brilliant young man!” The reporter laughs. “If science industries and corporations know what’s good for them, they’ll have stacks of internships lined up for you! Best of luck to you, Mr. Parker!” The camera moves away and focuses solely on the reporter again. “Stay tuned for our next story- an unlikely friendship between a lonely goldfish and a rabbit! This has been Spotlight with Le-“

 

Tony switches the TV off.

 

“Wow,” Steve breathes, his eyebrows arching as he looks between Tony and Bruce.

 

Bruce smiles wryly, shaking his head. “You should get Peter started with Stark Industries now, Tony, or he’s going to get scooped up by someone else.”

 

“As if,” Tony scoffs. “The kid hero-worships me so much he almost screamed when he last saw me.”

 

“-why he worships you, I’ll never know,” Steve mutters, and Tony aims a kick in his direction; he doesn’t bother revealing to Steve that Peter is, in fact, just as much of a Captain America and Bruce Banner fanboy. He’s only really been in communication with Tony, so he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Tony does not want Peter anywhere but Stark Industries
for good reason
(but mostly because he’s protective)
brilliant Peter Parker
Fanboy Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

