Chapter 1: Reveal
    




Chapter Text

MARCH 27th 

 

 


@TonyStark:

 Press conference. Avengers Compound. 28th March, 11am.

 


@PepperStark:

 Tony and I are hosting a press conference at the newly rebuilt Avengers Compound at 11am tomorrow, to honour the eleventh anniversary of our son’s disappearance. Big news to follow.
 Out there, somewhere, a Twitter account clicked into existence. @PeterStark. It was private with zero followers. It laid dormant, in wait. Only ten minutes later, an Instagram account with the same name appeared, hidden and empty. - The Avengers Compound was bigger and better than ever. The rubble and remains of the old building were gone, and in their place a sleek design with more bedrooms and better facilities than before. The Avengers filed into the compound on the 20th, finding their rooms and – in some cases, like the Bartons – entire wings, kitchens and living spaces included, for their families. The buildings linked together with archway bridges, stretching over clean-cut grass and well-tended flower beds.The training room was larger, the security was higher and the Iron Suite no longer neglected a place for the Stark son. Now, with him back, a large bedroom with soft grey walls was filled with books and possessions. Posters of Peter’s favourite movies lined the walls; a few Lego models sat on shelves – ones Ned insisted he keep after they spent four hours building them together; and on one wall, behind a retractable skyline print of New York City, were his favourite toys – ninja stars, throwing knives, nun chucks all hidden within his room.Only, Peter Parker wasn’t there. Despite the Avengers returning to their home, Peter didn’t. Not yet, at least.Most of his things went up, but he stayed in the Manhattan house, watching the people across the street doing their everyday, normal chores. He leaned against his window, forehead pressed against the glass. His room was empty, bar a small duffle bag of clothes and one of his backpacks, wires spewing out across the floor.“We’ll still own the house,” Pepper said behind him, leaning against the door frame.“I know,” Peter replied. “It’s home, though.”“You’re going to have a lot of homes in your life,” she said. “The trick is learning how to carry them with you, even when you’re apart.”Peter looked over to her. She was dressed like she was supposed to be in a meeting – which, with Pepper Stark, was likely. Her smile was soft and sad, and when she moved across the room, her heels were silent against the carpet. Pepper slipped a hand over Peter’s shoulder and turned to the view; it wasn’t much, just lines of houses, skyscrapers rising out from their roofs.“The compound is safer,” she said.“They got in before.”“They won’t get in again.” Pepper’s voice was firm on this.“No one found me here. Tomorrow – tomorrow, they’re going to know where to look.”Pepper blew out a breath. “They won’t get to you,” Pepper swore. “HYDRA can try all they like, but I’m not letting you leave me again. I’m not letting you go. Here.” She slipped Peter’s StarkPhone into his hand. “I set up your accounts. Don’t use them or take them off private until after the announcement.”One of Pepper’s hands carded through Peter’s unkempt hair. He’d been running his hands through it all day over the notion of moving far from Queens and Midtown. He only had a few months of school left; he thought they’d at least stay until the school year was done, but the moment the announcement was over, Peter’s life would be in danger again.This house was nothing in terms of protection compared to the compound.“We’re leaving in ten,” Pepper told him, her hand in his hair and her lips pressing a quick kiss to his temple.After Pepper left, Peter took a long look around his room. He bundled the wires and gadgets into his backpack, slipping the straps over his shoulders, and hefted the duffle bag from where it sat on the bare mattress of his bed. This was his room. The only room that he could remember being his alone.But Pepper was right – as was usually the case. Home could be carried; it wasn’t stagnant, within the walls of a house. He’d take home; the feeling of it that he’d had to relearn; with him wherever he went. He’d take Pepper’s hugs and Tony’s laugh and the memory of the Soup Incident, of Saturday movies, of long talks and working in the lab with him no matter where he ended up.Peter took a long trip around the house, silently saying goodbye to the bathroom he didn’t like to use (it was haunted) and the bathroom he did (it wasn’t), to his parents’ bedroom and the open plan kitchen-living-room-diner, to the stairwell and FRIDAY who was going to lay dormant until someone walked back inside, and to the lab, emptied and a bare shell; just a few work desks and a space full of potential.He met his parents by the front door and together, they climbed into Tony’s Audi – the last car they had in the area – to make the drive to the compound.  
MARCH 28th

 

 
There was something strange abo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jessica Drew & Peter Parker

freeform: 
teenage rating for language
Peter says Fuck
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Twitter
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Pepper our hero will feature a lot dont you worry
Torture
Hydra
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jessica Drew & Peter Parker

