Work Text:

Who Am I to Stand in Your Way
  Thanos was gone, defeated and dead after an enraged T’Challa had torn the Titan’s heart from his chest after Toni had gone down, the gauntlet of her Iron Queen suit thrust through her abdomen in the form of a sword.Steve wasn’t on the field, no, he had been bedridden in the hospital, body shrunken and sickly after taking a blast of Wanda’s magic when the girl had turned on him and joined Thanos. He was reduced to his weak, pre-serum body and left to watch the final battle for Earth on the small screen offered to him in his hospital room.And then, just like that, the people of Earth had banded together to rebuild, and the trials had started. 
 Forgive me 

 I may have said things 

 That aren’t exactly 

 The way that I feel 
 Because of his medical needs, the lack of a flight risk, and his role in saving the world, Steve’s prison sentence is handed off to a country neutral to his past actions and Steve is sentenced to 60 years in Bastoy Prison in Norway.Bastoy Prison is lovely and luxurious, with his own private health care team and his own cabin on the grounds; he’s never lacking for things to do on his good days, and on bad days he’s bundled into his cabin and cared for. Sometimes, Steve almost forgets that he’s in a prison, but then he remembers what he did and how many people suffered for it and he’s thrown right back to reality.His position really puts things into perspective for Steve, and the state of his body makes him realize that he’s become what he hates most.Steve Rogers is a bully. 
 I told you I’d be strong 
 
“Captain, my captain!” Toni’s voice is playful as she strides into the living room, hair a mess and falling from the ponytail that had once been keeping her hair out of her face. She’s wearing a tight pair of pants that hug her curves, and one of Steve’s large shirts, one of Sam’s muffins in her hand and crumbs on her cheeks.

She’s beautiful, and Steve’s fingers itch to reach for his charcoal and start drawing her, to savour the memory.

He smiles, putting aside his book, one Toni herself had recommended, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Steve has to agree, it’s an amazing publication; something Steve wouldn’t have even imagined possible in the 40s. “Good morning, Toni.”

Toni grins, throwing herself onto the couch next to him, placing a lingering, warm kiss to his cheek.

Toni is the kind of woman Steve would have never seen possible, so outgoing and fierce and confident in who she is; not even Peggy had been that way. Peggy had always been slightly aggressive, and she had to be to make her statements and be heard. It had been a man’s world in those days, and Peggy was one in a million.

Toni reminded Steve a lot of Peggy in a way, perhaps if Peggy had been born in this time period, she would have been like Toni was.

Smiling, Steve takes Toni’s hand and pulls her closer, tilting her head up to capture her lips with his own.
(They had been happy in those days, and Steve wasn’t sure how it had changed.) 
 I said that I moved on 

 But it doesn’t take long 

 To realize 
 Toni’s on the TV; Steve drops To Kill a Mockingbird as she steps up onto the podium, smiling at the crowd as cameras flash, there’s a teenager, a young man, at her side with fluffy tawny curls and a baby face, gray-blue eyes sharp and intelligent even as he smiles at Toni like she’s the most amazing thing he’s ever seen.“Thank you for coming, everyone.” Toni’s voice is just like he remembers, husky and smooth at the same time, and lilting musically, she wearing a beautiful purple dress that makes her skin shine and her makeup is perfect as it always is when she’s talking to reporters. “I’ve called everyone here today to make a very important announcement. This young man at my side is Harley, my protégé and Project Pass the Torch; I met him in 2013 during the Mandarin Attacks, and he saved my life.” She grins playfully as she eyes the boy, “But I saved multiple times afterwards. So technically I saved him more than he saved me.”The boy rolls his eyes in a way that leads Steve to believe that the two of them have had this conversation multiple times, and Steve chuckles.Same old Toni.“You’re all probably wondering what Project Pass the Torch is. Well, I’m proud to say that for the last couple of years, I’ve been training Keenster here as the next Iron Man.” The crowd explodes with voices, all trying to speak over each other, and Toni simply leans back, an eyebrow raised as she waits for the reports to quiet down. “Well, I can’t say that I didn’t expect that.”Steve himself sits back in shock; Toni? Giving up Iron Man? He can still remember all the arguments they had had over the years, Steve trying to convince Toni to pass on the Iron Man suit and settle down, he remembers Toni’s righteous fury over his statements and the following silent treatment he’d receive.“I’m going to be honest with everyone here,” Toni is speaking again, “I’m not as young as I once was, despite my amazing good lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Everyone

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Mentions of James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
villain wanda maximoff
Thanos (Marvel) Dies
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Prison
Post-Marvel Cinematic Universe
Consequences
Steve Rogers goes to jail
Civil War Team Iron Man
Memories
Abusive Relationships
Unhealthy Relationships
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Moving On
Protective Tony Stark
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
POV Steve Rogers
Author is salty
Letters
royal consort Tony Stark
steve rogers is a bully
borderline stalking
To Kill A Mockingbird - Freeform
Who Am I to Stand in Your Way by Chester See
Song Lyrics
inspired by a song
Miscarriage
Pregnant Tony Stark
Steve Rogers Feels
not team Cap friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Light Racism
Period-Typical Sexism
Period-Typical Racism
Italian
Extremis Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Parent T'Challa (Marvel)
Adopted Harley Keener
Iron Man Harley Keener
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Canon
Unreliable Narrator
Ayo (Marvel) Lives
Yoruba
Character Study
Steve is Low-key Racist
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Everyone

