Work Text:
The call comes when Eddie is trying to wrestle the lock of his apartment into submission while balancing his laptop, a stack of files, two take-out bags, and a tub of ice cream he’s crammed underneath his chin, the whole lot sliding precariously to one side as he twitches towards his back pocket on instinct. Venom ends up saving their dinner, several tendrils shooting from Eddie’s chest and snatching up the bags while another easily twists open the lock Eddie still has problems with after a month of living here. 
“Thank you,” Eddie says absently, finally extracting his phone as he kicks the door shut behind him. 
You’re welcome. 
Dropping his laptop and files onto the counter, Eddie manages to swipe the green button on the third try, fingers still wet with condensation from the ice cream. “Eddie Brock.” 
There’s a small pause on the other end. “Eddie. I didn’t think you were going to pick up.” 
“My hands were full,” Eddie says, a little stunned. He hasn’t heard from Anne since that conversation on her doorstep, months ago. The ripple of amusement from Venom as the manifested tendrils gently place their take-out on the small kitchen table jolts him into action, and he opens the freezer so Venom can shove the ice cream inside, quickly closing it before the rest of their frozen stuff can protest the stacking by tumbling onto the tiles. He rubs at the back of his neck. “What’s up?” 
He winces as soon as the words are out of his mouth. What’s up? Apparently five months of distance haven’t made him less awkward around her. His only consolation is that she sounds as thrown as he is, her voice tinny and hesitant over the line. 
“I was wondering whether you might want to have dinner with me. With us, I mean. The three of us. You, me and Dan.” 
Eddie doesn’t blurt out the first thing that pops into his head, which is ‘Fuck no’, and takes a second to congratulate himself on his impulse control. Venom uses his momentary distraction to drag open the bag from Jiu’s, dodging Eddie’s hand as he tries to smack him away. 
“I don’t know, Anne,” Eddie finally manages, wondering how the hell you were supposed to navigate this part of adulthood. He’s in his mid-thirties, he should have a clue by now, shouldn’t he? “It’s not really a good time, I’ve got a lot on my plate at work.” 
Not even a lie. He’s got work coming out of his ass, which is fine, he likes it that way. Also, there’s the small matter of hunting down despicable human beings, so his alien symbiote can have something to snack on regularly. Keeps a guy busy. 
“Please, Eddie. It would mean a lot to us.” Anne’s voice has gone soft, earnest, and it hits him low in the gut, bypassing his defenses completely. 
Say yes. 
You just want this over with so you can have dinner, Eddie thinks at him. Venom doesn’t even bother denying it. 
Eddie pinches the bridge of his nose. He’s never been good at telling Anne no. No one is, really. There’s a reason a firm like Michelinie & McFarlane snatched her up right out of law school. She usually gets what she wants. 
“Okay, sure,” he says. “When?”
“You’re coming?” Now she sounds surprised. “This Friday, if that works for you? At our place.” 
Our place. That still stings, and for a moment Eddie wants to tell her no, Friday’s no good, he’ll call her once he’s free and let this whole thing get swallowed up by inconvenience and busy calendars. It wouldn’t be hard. But he owes Anne, and he knows she wouldn’t ask if this weren’t important to her. 
“I’ll be there.” 
“Great!” she says and her enthusiasm still can’t completely mask the surprise beneath. She obviously expected to have to lean on him a lot harder. “We’ll see you then.” 
“Sure,” Eddie says. “Bye, Annie.” 
Dropping into the kitchen chair he bought just two weeks ago to go with most of his new furniture, Eddie rubs at his temples, already feeling a headache coming on. He was looking forward to tonight. For one, he’s pretty certain the stack of files he got from one of the IT guys at Winston Pharmaceutical is going to crack open his work on their dodgy connections with US Congressmen. He’s got the good take-out from Jiu’s for dinner, planning to feed them both while working. Mostly to increase his chance of Venom allowing him to actually get something done before dragging him off to…well. Proceed with the most pleasant portion of their nightly routine. 
The bright spark of amusement isn’t his own, and Eddie flushes, rubbing at the back of his neck as he feels an answering prickle there. Venom likes how uncomfortable the topic still makes him, the way he stutters over it even within his own mind. Venom likes making him uncomfortable, period, and Eddie knows he should mind a lot more than he actually does. Which leads him right back to being uncomfortable. At least the subject usually goes unspoken between them, their agreement, which Eddie likes to refer to as the ‘no dating policy’, holding tentative but firmly for now. 
You don’t want to go. 
Eddie snorts, opening the carton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Alien Sex
Tentacle Sex
Public Sex
Subdrop
Possessive Behavior
Jealousy
Mildly Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

