Work Text:
Eddie is good.The concept is nebulous, strange, as lacking in form as Venom is. He learns it from a dying woman.They’re together long enough for him to learn about walls and captivity and fear, though the last is difficult to grasp for how wide it is. She's scared of everything and of Venom most of all, but not of death, which is ironic because with every breath and beat of the organ at her center, she gets closer. Venom is eating her alive, almost by accident.He learns about boredom, too. The cell is dark and fear gets old. Earth is worthless if this is all it has to offer.This is how he learns humans and he knows them well enough to tell that the man creeping down the hallway is creeping. Lit up in dark blues, half-hidden in the shadows with his little box held up in front his face. He doesn’t want to be seen.The moment the woman sees him, all bad things fade. The new feeling is bubbling, giddy, like joy but desperate. Later, he’ll know it’s hope, but in that moment it’s twenty dollars gifted for something that should have been free and an honest question on a cold night, a kind smile every day, being cared for—being human.Venom wants it. Venom wants him. 
 He wonders if it goes both ways. He wonders if Eddie can feel this little joy that threads along their bond, a constant burn. The Earth is covered in possibility. He could live there a hundred years never be bored. We will, he thinks, a thought for himself alone while Eddie sleeps and a show about baking—which is like cooking but harder according to the gruff man on the screen—plays on the box.Someone makes a pun. He loves puns. One day he’ll make one that will surprise Eddie and make him laugh. He needs to study them first.Eddie isn’t peaceful in sleep. He dreams of the things he’s seen and the places he’s been, the mistakes he’s made. When he kicks his sheets off at two, Venom pulls them back up. When he starts sweating at four, Venom pulls them back down. It would be easier if he let Venom be his cover instead of this spider’s webbing he calls cotton, but every time the suggestion is brought up he mutters something ridiculous about counting threads. Venom makes the executive decision for Eddie after a week. If he notices, if he minds, he never mentions it.Sometimes, Venom watches him sleep, staring from a foot away and then inches, until inevitably a stray bead of something that isn’t drool—it’s not drool Eddie stop calling it that—lands on Eddie’s cheek and he pulls back lest the man wake. He’s handsome by human standards. He must be. The women and men in Eddie’s memories look at him with hunger.Pride and jealousy war in him at those memories. So many emotions. He’s starting a collection.“Can you bake?” he asks Eddie in the morning.Eddie turns to him where Venom is perched over his shoulder and then squints. “Me? Bake?” His mind flashes to an empty refrigerator and beer and burnt tater tots in the pan that never scrubs clean anymore no matter how hard he tries. “No. God, no.”Venom tries the next night, but without flour and eggs, the results are less than palatable. One might even call them inedible or toxic. Not Venom. He wraps himself around Eddie’s torso while he wafts the smoke out of the kitchen and opens doors and windows. When Eddie asks, “What possessed you?” Venom does not think of warm food and providing and a smile.“You hated that pan,” Venom growls in his ear, not looking at him. “Now you can get a new one.” Everything is eye contact for him, but Eddie doesn’t know that and like they say on the box: what he does not know cannot not hurt him.Eddie blinks and then snorts. It’s not a laugh and not a smile, but close enough. 
 The city isn’t that big. Or—the city on the box is bigger. New York. Maybe one day he’ll convince Eddie to go there. Or maybe he’ll take Eddie. They could climb the building like the giant—the giant thing. Monkey. Ape.
What is the difference between monkeys and apes?
Eddie pushes his bangs out of his eyes and takes another sip of coffee. There are bags under his eyes, but Venom can’t help if he decides going to sleep at three and waking up at six is an acceptable window for sleep, as he does sometimes. He didn’t shave, either. It’s somehow not a bad look on him. But then, nothing is.
Eddie. 
“I don’t know.” He hums closes his eyes, pushes the hot paper cup to his temple. “Tails?”Tails. Venom slides down his spine softly, carefully, just to check. He knows every atom of Eddie’s body, but it’s worth a second glance. Eddie’s ass is, according to a dozen or so good memories, above average by most human metrics. When he curls below the waistband of Eddie’s pants, he jumps and screams and spills some of the coffee down his shirt.“No tail,” Venom mutters with a little caress. Eddie seems to have temporarily lost his ability to speak. “...Are you awake now, Ed—”“Yes. Yes, I am fucking awake.” 
 At heart, Eddie is still a reporter. He likes to dig for information, know all things, pick for secrets until someone bleed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Venom (Marvel) POV
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Falling In Love
Humor
Mostly humor
we stan two (2) disasters
this is the most memeable couple in cinematic history

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

