Work Text:
Eddie learns very quickly: Venom is a little shit.
You enjoy this.
The voice is a purr in his mind, which is terribly distracting and also not helping his current situation at all. The current situation being the following: Eddie, hunched over the sink of a locked Starbucks bathroom, with what definitely is the thickest tentacle ever shoved up his ass. Or, at least, it feels like it.
As though to remind him of its existence, and his incredibly awkward predicament, it pulses against his prostate. Eddie’s knees buckle under him and he nearly bites through his lip muffling the cry it wrenches from him.
“F-fuck…”
He can hear Venom chuckle, feels the way it echoes through his body, sends a tremble through his bones and shit because that just makes his dick twitch and strain against the front of his pants. His hand has a god awful tremor to it when he lowers it, shoving the butt of his palm against his dick, as though he can will his erection down and away.
You know it doesn’t work that way, Eddie, Venom coos. Besides, you enjoy this; you want more.
“Not in public!” Eddie hisses through clenched teeth. The knuckles on his left hand have gone white with the death grip he’s got on the porcelain edge of the sink; his right hand still pressing down on his dick, as though that will somehow help.
It doesn’t. Rather, it’s only making his dick harder. He drops his hand back to the sink, clenching down and – that was a really fucking stupid idea. Eddie lets out a high-pitched whine, his body tightening around the tentacle inside of him.

But you enjoy it, Eddie. That’s all that matters to us. The thought crossed your mind; we simply acted on your desires.

He hates it when Venom’s right. The thought had crossed his mind, had been a secret, dirty little fantasy of his for years.
And Venom’s laughing again, the sound low and rough and it rumbles down his spine just the way that Eddie likes it. You used toys to get the feeling; you got off on the thrill of being caught. And we’re so much better than a pathetic little toy, aren’t we, Eddie?
Eddie nearly cracks the sink from the wall when he feels the swirling caress of another inky tendril around his hole. There’s that protest on his lips I can’t take anymore I’m so full already but he knows that’s not true and Venom knows it too.
“Oh – shit, Venom! Seriously?!”
Venom answers with an almost thoughtful hum. You would take anything and everything we give you. The pain, the pressure, the fullness. You want it.
The tendril splits and Eddie can feel the outline of sharp-clawed hands reaching around, cupping his ass and spreading his cheeks; the seams of his jeans protest at the strain and Eddie nearly slams his forehead into the sink tap. There’s a cry on the tip of his tongue, but he has to bite it back.
“C-can’t you wait…?” Eddie says.
But where is the fun in that? The hands squeeze his ass cheeks, sharp tips of claws digging into the skin just right and Eddie’s making a choked noise in the back of his throat that Venom clearly finds amusing. You know you can’t stay in here forever; someone will get suspicious.
“Wha – Venom, I can’t – not with you–!”

We can do whatever we want.

And then there’s a tongue, wet and long and Eddie’s vision nearly goes white when Venom drags it up the exposed crease of his ass.
Oh no, Eddie, Venom purrs. Not yet.
Just like that, the tongue is gone, the hands on his ass tighten hard and Eddie just knows that there’s going to be bruises; that he’s going to be feeling that grip all the way home. His underwear and pants feel distinctly too small, dick straining and leaking against the front.
Fuck. He could just jerk off and–
At the moment that the thought crosses his mind, Venom growls and Eddie knows that’s not going to happen.
Not to mention that, before the thought can even finish, he can feel Venom rippling beneath the skin of his abdomen, then lower in his pelvis. Webbing sprouts from the insides of his thighs, catching his dick in the slick black threads. Eddie really does collapse to his knees, then, when the webbing tightens, pulling his dick down and flush; part of him’s grateful, cause no one can see his obvious hard-on, but, at the same time, he’s not getting off anytime soon.

Not. Yet.

And then Venom’s emerging from the back of his neck, little more than his head on a long, thick tendril of black. Though he always grins, this time it has a definite darkly mischievous turn to it. Venom thinks that this is fun.
The tentacle in his ass pulses, hard and insistent and right against his prostate. Eddie’s eyes nearly roll back in his head, the feel of the crest of an orgasm rising in him and then crashing hard because he can’t.
“V-Venom…!”
“That’s it, Eddie.”
Sharp teeth nip at his ear, drag down the edge of his jaw, his neck. Eddie’s head tips to the side, the only thought in his mind in that moment being that bite down bite down please. There’s the ghost of it; teeth against the flesh, pressing down, down and yes please! But then the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Kinktober 2018
Kinktober
Exhibitionism
Groping
Tentacles
Praise Kink
Overstimulation
Prostate Massage
Prostate Milking
Bondage
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Begging
Rimming
Prompt Fic

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

