Work Text:
"I know--I know I fucked up again. I'm sorry."Venom doesn't feel sorry. Venom doesn't see any reason to. They kept the truth from Anne because it was safer, because she might have tried to convince Eddie to take more hated tests, and because they needed time to plot to win her back. But now, because Eddie clings to his stubborn sense of right and wrong (what the use of it is, Venom doesn't know) and because Anne was beginning to be suspicious, Eddie has told her over cafe food that Venom is still with him.He's hungry. Anne doesn't seem surprised. Eddie is fidgeting their leg under the table, thinking of reasons and excuses in the face of Anne's spare, direct questions, then discarding them to answer with the truth. Venom has chocolate ice cream, but Eddie has only eaten two bowls and is dithering over the third, too busy with apologizing, or by now simply telling Anne everything they've been doing since they killed Riot, except the parts where people get eaten.We can make her ours now, Venom interrupts, which is the only upside to all of this truth-telling that he can see. Eddie starts a little and says under his breath, "No, we're not doing that now, can you just--"He is not here, Venom points out, meaning the other one that hangs around Anne, the one that hurt them with the MRI, one of the many legion that Eddie won't let him eat. This is the time."It's still not--Anne, I'm sorry, I--""He's talking to you," Anne interrupts, looking fascinated. Venom preens. He likes Anne paying attention to him, now that Eddie has already spilled their secret. Anne would have been a good host, if he had not already taken Eddie as his own. He wants Eddie to win her back. If she is Eddie's, then she will be Venom's too. Eddie feels his preening and his hungering and knows what Venom is thinking. He's getting flustered. He doesn't want to tell Anne this, that they want her to be theirs: sometimes he is irritatingly stubborn about interfering in her life. Venom would not hesitate, if it were up to him. Wanting to tease Eddie, and wanting a taste, he sneaks out a tendril and curls it around Anne's wrist. Eddie slaps his hand over the protrusion. "No--sweetheart, don't do that."Anne gives a choked, surprised laugh. She hasn't moved her wrist, where Venom's tendril has paused, her pulse speeding under its touch. "Sweetheart? You are talking to Venom, here?""It's just a word," Eddie mutters, and Venom slowly uncurls the tendril and pulls it back under Eddie’s skin, their conversation fading now as he stops listening. Sweetheart. Eddie calls him things like that, sometimes. Darling. Still parasite, too, which Venom still hates, but when Eddie says those things he feels something from him that is both familiar/not familiar, something he wants to drink into himself and hoard inside him. All his thoughts and being answer, there is only one word that curls from the depths of his matter, mine. *He fucks Eddie that night in their bed, deliciously slow. He has him the way they like it, on his knees with his face pinned to the sheets, Venom looped around his neck, squeezing gently, rhythmically, coiling over shoulders and arms and wrists, tendrils snaking between Eddie's fingers where they clutch in spasmodic motions. The heat and sweat of Eddie's palms absorb into his matter. He holds Eddie's thighs open and pushes more and more of himself inside him. Not all at once. A little at first, stroking into the hot clutching flesh, snaking its way within while Eddie twitches and trembles and gasps, and then more, and then more, swelling him out from within, searching within the bends and curves. Parts of him dissolve and absorb, becoming one with frail humanity, and parts of him stay separate, and thick, and deep, so that Eddie can feel him, feel us, Venom hisses, delighting in it, in Eddie's tortured moans and the way he thinks please over and over again and then sometimes too much, which makes him stop and soothe for a little while until Eddie feels less wild and shaken, more quivery and incoherent. Venom knows what Eddie can take. He pulses affectionately over Eddie's prostate and feels him jerk and shudder within him and around him. He squeezes his cock and laps up his come, so hungry, they are, so delicious, he could drink every drop, and he pushes in more of himself, deeper.He's been fucking Eddie's mouth, too, sliding luxuriously down his throat, thinking lazily of making the parts of him meet, somewhere, in Eddie, maybe if he went slow enough, long enough, but a flicker of thought at the edge of Eddie's mind catches his attention and the tendril pauses in his throat. Eddie soon starts to choke just a little, starts to slip from lack of oxygen and Venom tightens himself around his neck in a brief wicked squeeze and then loosens again and slides the tendril out. Eddie, he says, and waits for Eddie to think some kind of response back at him.Say it, Venom tells him, squeezing everywhere he's cocooned him.Eddie coughs a little. "Sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Mildly Dubious Consent
Sensory Overload
Possessive Behavior
Venom POV

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

