Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Things hadn’t gone as planned for Loki. Not that they had ever had, but being sold into slavery by his supposed father had never come into the picture.Not even in the worst moments of depression, but here he was now, a slave in the palace of Alfheim. A bed slave.In the best moments he was treated as a servant, other times… He had acquired many enemies in the Nine Realms, and word of his new status had spread quickly. While other slaves there enjoyed sometimes even full days of calm in the first months of his servitude there had seemed to be a line at his door. More than enough to break him.He had just come out from the room of the latest guest of the palace, drying some fresh blood from his lips, when he heard a familiar voice.A voice he hadn’t heard in years, and that he would’ve liked not to hear again. Not there.“… We shall discuss the terms later, for now I just want to rest for a… Loki?” Tony Stark stopped abruptly in the middle of his sentence, doing a double-take when he came to face the god.Loki froze for a second, and after a moment of hesitation he spun on his heels and tried to exit the room as quickly as possible, only to be stopped by a rough hand on his forearm.“What do you think you are doing?”A violent slap almost made him lose his balance, and Loki would have probably fallen to the ground hadn’t the elf been gripping his arm with such strength.“Apologies,” he was forced to mutter, new blood spilling from the freshly made cut on his lip.“What the hell is going on?” The mortal inquired, taking in Loki’s completion and their surroundings. He would’ have liked to punch the god in the face himself – it seemed an almost gentle payback for being thrown out of a window – but that seemed too much.“Nothing that deserves your attention nor your time, Mr. Stark,” the elf shoved Loki to the side to make way for the human, “If you desire, a meeting will be arranged.”Stark nodded, still rather confused by the encounter, and allowed the rest of his group to lead him to the next scheduled meeting; he definitely wanted to discuss a few things with Loki, maybe get even with the maniac, but most of all he wanted to know if his hypothesis about what had happened in New York were true.“Go to the human’s quarters. You’ve heard the orders, godling,” the elf kicked him in the sheen for good measure before Loki even had the time to move as he had just been instructed.Loki reached the guest’s chambers and went inside, waiting on his knees as he had been trained to do. For such training to take roots much blood had been spilled, and his wounded pride could only bask in the fact that it hadn’t been only his own.He didn’t want to be there. Not at all.He would’ve rather returned to the latest guest, and that was saying much since his body was starting to get covered in always more evident bruises. He didn’t want to face Stark.He had been taken by many of his enemies by now, but somehow this was different; for all those men, all he felt was hatred and disgust, he loathed them with all his strengths and somehow he was able to accept that those lesser beings could enjoy their revenge by temporarily subduing him in the most humiliating way possible, but he didn’t feel that for Stark.During their short encounter he had been intrigued by the man, appreciated his sass and the banter the human could show even when facing extreme danger, and he had had to admit to himself that he had felt kind of relieved when he had found out that the mortal had survived the fall from his own tower. Not that he cared about his life, but he didn’t like to waste potential, and someone who could humour him was indeed a rarity.But if Stark was to enjoy his revenge in that way, that meant Loki had also been wrong in judging him, and Loki was past being forced to accept things he didn’t like.And yet, even though he was feeling his stomach churn at the prospect of the mortal entering the room to laugh at his face and humiliate him some more, there was no way he could avoid that. For how much the prospect of the mortal fucking him out of pure revenge made him feel sick he knew that the alternative at obeying at the order of being ready in his room was so much worse he hadn’t even considered it.He had already learnt that lesson a long time ago, when the idea of rebelling to his horrid fate had still been alive in him. The third time he had been in the hands of his gaolers for two entire days had managed to suffocate that last spark of defiance residing in him.Even he couldn’t understand why the thought of someone using him as a piece of meat for their pleasure upset him so much, and he didn’t want to let his mind wander to the fact that when he could still decide of his actions he wouldn’t have minded ending up in bed with the mortal, because there was no way he would’ve ventured down that road.All that time spent by himself was both allowing to get his tho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Slavery
Sexual Slavery
Alternate Universe
this is way more fluffy than it might seem
i’m not that evil
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Protective Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Mild Blood
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Rape Aftermath
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Art
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Timelines
Timeline What Timeline
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
to be clearer: no Thanos timeline

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

