Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Rock bottom tastes a lot like a sixty-cent packet of lukewarm chicken soup garnished with a fine layer of dirt.Eddie doesn’t even like chicken soup - it reminds him too much of being sick. He’s sick a lot now, too. He’s had the same cough stuck in his chest for at least a month. It gets cold in San Francisco at night.Fuck, he misses his electric blanket. Hot water. His bed. He misses a lot of things, really.The weather’s not so bad tonight, which is a small reprieve that he doesn’t take lightly. He’s running thin on supplies, and he’s tired of skulking around back streets and alleys while he wrestles with his pride over whether he can really stomach sitting street-side with a cardboard sign today.(Eddie never understand how hard it could be to choose between your pride and your need to eat until he wound up here himself. It’s a wretched thing he wouldn’t wish on anybody.)He’s got some change left though, so Eddie decides to take a raincheck on panhandling for the day. He pretends he’s just making the logical choice; his stinging moral compass is not fooled.Mrs. Chen doesn’t look surprised to see him when he shoulders through the door to the shop, although there’s a distinct lack of enthusiasm on her lined face. “Eddie,” she says. “You’re looking like shit.”“Yeah, Mrs. Chen. So you tell me every time.”She makes an annoyed noise and waves him into the store. “Close the door behind you before you let the warm air out.”Eddie does, taking comfort in the familiar ring of the bell, and disappears off into the aisles before she can corner him into a status report. Her concern, while appreciated, tends to rub the rawness of his wounds in all the wrong ways.It takes him a good several minutes to pick out what he wants. It didn’t used to. Eddie keenly remembers throwing a half dozen things into the cradle of his arms without even considering the contents of his bank account. Now, he pauses and considers. Weighs up the soap (the homeless shelter two blocks over has soap, but the smell reminds him of a hospital) against a packet of cookies (more expensive than is justifiable, but Eddie’s poor sweet tooth has gone through enough neglect).He grabs a corned beef sandwich from the deli, adds it to the haul, and shuffles to the counter. Mrs. Chen watches him upend his haul on the counter expressionlessly. “How much money do you have, Eddie?”He has - Eddie pauses to check his pockets - exactly six dollars and twenty-three cents, excluding the small fortune (a hundred and twenty bucks) buried under the shitty landscaping outside his old apartment building.(Eddie’s master plan is to scrape together enough to buy a half decent camera so he can just film his own damn show. He already has the single good suit that he salvaged from the trash bags his former landlord emptied the worldly remains of his apartment into. He uses it for the occasional interview that always inevitably flops when they realize yeah, he’s that Eddie Brock.In Eddie’s head, his self-produced show takes the world by storm. He makes a cool million in the first month, and his boss begs him to come back.In reality, Eddie knows it’s unlikely a homeless man ranting at a mediocre camera is going to generate anything more than a hundred unfunny gifs and maybe a cruel meme or two.)Eddie offers Mrs. Chen his most charming smile. “Maybe just the sandwich.”The weight of her unimpressed glare could level a mountain. She packs the lot into a bag without even glancing at prices.“Mrs. Chen -.”“Oh, for god’s sake, just take it,” she says, thrusting the bag into his hands. “It’s nothing compared to what you stopped that -” a word in Mandarin that he doesn’t recognize but makes him flinch all the same “- from making off with the other day.”‘Stopped’ is perhaps too generous of a phrase for what had really happened. “I didn’t really do anything,” Eddie says awkwardly. “He just beat the shit out of me and ran off when he heard the sirens.”His ribs still hurt from that. He’s starting to think they might always.“And left my till alone,” Mrs. Chane says. “Now take the damn bag.”“I don’t need charity -.”“Eddie.”Eddie takes the damn bag and slinks out of the shop with as much of his tattered pride as he can muster.He eats the sandwich sitting on the curb. Afterwards he’s still hungry, so he eats half a pack of cookies too. It doesn’t whet his appetite so much as remind him of its constant existence.How did I wind up like? Eddie thinks wistfully as he packs his things back into the flimsy plastic bag. How the ever-loving fuck did I get here? He shuffles off down the street, taking care to drop his empty sandwich wrapper in a garbage can as he passes. Vagrancy is no excuse for delinquency, after all.Maria is waiting on the corner atop her throne of blankets, just as she usually is. “Hey there, handsome,” she says as Eddie sinks down on the pavement beside her. “You got anything to share in t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Eddie participates in Drake's trials
Developing Relationship
Codependency
Horror and gore elements

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

