Chapter 1: THe MiGhtY THoR HasT ArRIveD
    




Chapter Text
Clint wasn't happy that Peter had fallen asleep in the vents just to avoid being caught by Tony. And rightfully so, the poor boy would have been lost for quite a while if not for him.
So of course he told the other Avengers about it, and they weren't very happy. But not to Clint's level of unhappiness.
"Tony probably just has Peter's best interest in mind, he is a growing boy." Steve says after hearing the information Clint told the Avengers.
"That's true. But I don't like that he's tired enough to fall asleep in the vents." Bucky says with a frown.
"I'm.... Not pleased to say it, but I'm gonna have to agree with him on this one." Sam says, surprised at his own decision.
"Then it's true, if those two are agreeing." Natasha pipes up.
"He just went patrolling, it's really not that big of a deal." Rhodey says with a shrug, sipping his coffee.
"U-um, actually, he got hit with an axe." Bruce decided to cut in. "Did a lot of damage. But with his healing factor, he should be good to go to school tomorrow."
"... He was hit with an axe? How the hell did he manage that?" Clint asks, not sure how to feel about the new information.
"It's a long story." Peter says with a yawn as he walks into the living room.
"Peter, you should be resting. You couldn't have healed from that large of a wound over-night." Bruce says with a worried frown as he got up.
"No, no I'm fine. It hasn't healed completely, but it's healing fast. Promise." Peter says quickly, Bruce still not convinced.
"It's not going to heal if you're up and moving." Bruce says, going to steer Peter back to his room.
"It's fine! If I had a building dropped on m-" Peter cut himself off. "An axe wound isn't really that bad." he says quickly, hoping nobody caught it.
"Bruce, wait. Bring him back, I want to hear about this building." Natasha says, narrowing her eyes.
"I do too." Steve says, crossing his arms in a disapproving manner.
"Same here." Bucky says, curious on what Peter meant even if it was clear.
"Mmhm." Sam says with a nod.
"I haven't heard this one before. I'll call Tony down." Rhodey says, figuring he should hear this to.
"It's-I'm-It-It happened a long time ago, you really don't need to hear about it." Peter stammers. And as if Parker-luck changed it's gruesome ways, something big interrupted and everyone forgot about the whole thing for a second.
Peter really couldn't pin what he was seeing, it was like a rainbow flooding down from the heavens. He was amazed, but the others seemed almost used to it. It was only there for a couple of seconds before it disappeared, leaving two people standing where it once was.
Thor.
"Thor, what brings you this time? Forget the english word for ponies again?" Tony asks, arriving just in time for the Aguardians appearance. He didn't sound amused, which made Peter slightly concerned.
"No, Man of Iron, I can joyfully announce that I have memorized the term." Thor booms, and Peter wondered if he was the god of thunder because of how loud he was.
"Then why are here? With your brother? I thought we established that he wouldn't come to earth ever again?" Tony didn't even hide how pissed he was.
"Loki has promised me that he will not murder anything while he has this... Vacation on earth." Thor booms with a small smile.
Peter looked at the other person for the first time, okay that was Loki. He made eye contact with the god, and he could've sworn that Loki looked confused for half a second before looking away.
"Why is there a child here, Stark?" Loki asks, crossing his arms as Thor looked around the room for a child, spotting Peter.
"That must be a child of Stark, am I correct?" Thor asks, looking from Peter to Tony.
"You're halfway there. Anyway, what 'vacation' are you talking about?" Tony asks, leaving almost everyone in the room confused about what Tony meant in the first part.
Especially Peter.
Did Tony see him as a son?
"The Asguardians have not given my brother a warm welcome as I had hoped, so I have decided to accompany him on a trip to earth as my people accept Loki." Thor announces.
"Thor, he tried to kill us." Natasha says slowly.
"He will not this time he- oh. He's gone." Thor says, hs proud smile falling as he turns to see that his brother had disappeared.
About everyone in the room groaned and Peter was still confused.
"Come on, Peter. You need to go back to your room." Bruce says quietly to Peter as he starts leading the boy out while the rest of the Avengers start looking for a snake that could possibly be the God of Mischief.
"Loki doesn't look all that bad, did he really try to kill all you guys?" Peter asks with a frown as Bruce walked him to his room.
"Yes, yes he did. I wouldn't underestimate him, Peter. Be careful around him." Bruce says with a frown. "Just stay in your room while we get this figured out."
".... Okay." Peter mumbles sadly. At least he wouldn't have to explain to the Avengers how he had a building dropped on him.
"And we'll be talk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Thor
Loki & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Friday & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Worthy
so worthy
Thor still has his precious hammer
Loki is somewhat forgiven
yes this is a field trip fic
eventually
Field Trip
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Clint is still the best Uncle
Until Thor comes along
Loki's only weakness is Peter
Flash's antics might be stopped
The Avengers will be angry
and protective
very very cliche

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Thor
Loki & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Friday & Peter Parker

