Chapter 1: Part I
    




Chapter Text
It’s weird, going back to something like a normal routine after all of that. Some of it is good, a lot of it is boring.Meeting Anne for lunch every other week is always a highlight, though. They’re still figuring each other out, feeling out what their deal is going to be from here. Some days, it’s fine; other days, it’s painful. Sometimes she’ll lean her cheek on the heel of her palm, and Eddie will have to remind himself that he can’t just reach over and play with the hair draping over her shoulder anymore.But it’s nice, learning her as a friend. They’d dated after meeting for the first time, and they hadn’t ever known each other without that layer of romance.Venom even behaves during the lunches, thank God. As much as he can, anyway.Order the steak.Anne laughs at a joke from the server. Eddie takes the moment to pretend to sneeze into his shirt collar and whispers, “I’m not ordering a steak for  lunch .”
Why not?
“Ooh, BLT and soup of the day - sounds good,” says Anne, and the waiter jots it down helpfully. She lists off her preferred sides while Eddie mutters that a heavy chunk of meat at noon is going to sit terribly in his stomach for the rest of the day.Venom rumbles in discontent. Fine.“And for you, sir?”“Uh, yeah,” he fumbles with the menu and gives it a quick scan, settling on, “...potato rolls.”
Bread. Really.
Anne raises a brow.Whatever.The server takes their menus and leaves their table.“So,” Anne raps her nails against the side of her water glass and waggles her brows. “How’s things?”They both chuckle. It’s good that Anne feels it too, the strangeness of going from people who went home together to people who met for lunch.“Ah, you know,” he waves, grinning. “Work. Sleep. San Francisco rent.”“You never did tell me how you managed to afford that place without a job for six months.”“Lotta unsavoury things...” Eddie makes a mock serious expression, squinting and drawing his lips into a hard line; Anne rolls her eyes. “I could tell you, but then I’d have to get a hitman.”She rips a corner off her napkin at tosses it at him. “Fine, don’t tell me. Guess you can have your secrets now, huh?”Today must be one of the good days, because they can joke about it and Eddie’s chest won’t tighten and his smile won’t congeal on his face. And she’s right, anyway - the biggest secret either of them could possibly have is curling around in his muscles right now, rumbling into Eddie’s ear about getting a milkshake. This place doesn’t even  have  milkshakes.
Milkshake after.
“What’s Dan up to today?” he asks.“Swamped,” she says. “He said it’s going to be a late night for him. Doctors, you know? I don’t know how they do it.”He likes Dan; Eddie has never had to fight anyone for anyone else’s honour before - rarely could he even muster up the effort when it came to his  own  - and he’s kind of glad he’s never going to have to do that for Anne. Not that she couldn’t handle herself, anyway. She’d probably get mad if she knew what he was thinking.
Good girl.
 Don’t think about her like that , he wants to say - but Venom can’t read his thoughts. Besides, it’s not as though he doesn’t still catch himself thinking that stuff anyway.He really does like Dan - even if he sometimes he still imagines living at Anne’s again, bearing Mr. Belvedere’s stink eye and waking up with her tie still looped around his neck.Their food comes - Eddie adds in a request for a glass of coke, in lieu of a milkshake. Venom grumbles that Anne’s BLT looks way better than his potato rolls; Eddie kind of agrees, but he’s made his choice. And he’s always thought it seemed shitty to send something back to the kitchen.There’s a few quiet, comfortable moments where they eat and don’t say much. It’s almost like it was before, where they could be silent together. Being friends is different, it feels more  urgent  - like he has to keep talking to make the most of it, to soak up whatever little of her time he gets to have now. Hopefully, one day, they can find a nice middle ground.“Mm,” she sighs around her bite. “God, I love this place.”“Yeah.”
Ask for her bacon.
“Aw, I can’t do that,” Eddie murmurs back. Anne squints at him, and he waves. “Uh - I mean I can’t wait to come back.”She grins. “Potato rolls that good, huh?”“Oh, You bet.”
Gross.
In lieu of being able to do much else, Eddie reaches down and pats his own thigh; he thinks he might hear a quiet, grudging “hmph” somewhere in the back of his head, but who knows. He’ll make it up to the big guy later. * Eddie hasn’t thought about his dick in weeks.In all the excitement of getting extremely fired, and then bodily-possessed by an alien, and then everything that happened with Drake and the car chases and rocket launch right after - Eddie hadn’t had a moment to breathe without it clogging his schedule. There just hadn’t been any real time to think about his dick barring when he needed to take a piss with it.Even a month after, it feels like his body is still riding out th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Masturbation
Xeno
First Time
Cum Addiction
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Humor

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

