Work Text:
Sometimes, in the quiet of the early morning, Eddie was lucky enough to awake before his partner.If consciousness came to him and he was not immediately greeted with a gruff 'good morning' or soft, welcoming purr then he knew that Venom was still asleep within him. For the rare moments that he did sleep. Eddie found that if he concentrated enough, he could feel the 'hum' of the sleeping symbiote, like a radiator running through the back of his mind, which indicated that he was alone for the moment.It was a good time for reflection and one of the few times he had the opportunity to think without a second opinion being present.And Eddie was never one to pass up a good opportunity.His thoughts, as always, drifted straight to the entity which slept within him.His symbiote. His partner. His love.Fear had quickly dissolved into acceptance which then bloomed into love as their new shared existence took shape. Venom knew him, understood him at his very core, and never once demanded he change anything of himself, save for the introduction of human flesh to his diet. A price which Eddie had set very strict boundaries to but was willing to accept. He accepted his symbiote as much as it accepted him and with that acceptance came equality; for everything he shared he was given in return as he experienced both the memories and emotions of his partner.They shared a body and a mind, two separate entities made whole within a single body.His body.Venom had developed a preference for sleeping nude and Eddie was not fussed enough to contest it so, glancing downwards, Eddie was greeted by the sight of his naked form and the gut which protruded from it. While not greatly overweight, he could definitely do with losing a few pounds and gaining some definition. His abs non-existent, his stomach was rounded by a lifetime of beer and bad health. Same with his legs and arms.Normally, such a thing didn't bother him, he'd long come to terms with the fact that he was something of a lazy bastard where fitness and healthcare were concerned, but recently he had been afflicted by the slightest guilt that he was not providing as good as host body as he could be.Prodding at the soft flesh of his stomach, Eddie was so distracted within his thoughts that he almost missed the warmth alighting in his chest which signified that his partner had awakened.
Morning, Eddie.
“Morning, love.” Eddie responded out loud, still preferring to use verbal communication over mental. “Sleep well?”Yeah. Breakfast? As always, food was a priority and Eddie chuckled at the child-like enthusiasm.“If you want. What are we going to have?” Allowing Venom to pick the meal was always a risk but Eddie supposed there was a much more limited scope for things to go wrong.Everything. Venom growled, before pausing. Plus more bacon. We want it raw. Not that crispy shit you like. Thinking of his earlier contemplations, Eddie shook his head slightly.“No extra bacon today. I'm not feeling it.”Hrrm. A noise of contemplation as Venom found himself unusually denied. Why?Eddie kept his thoughts as steady as possible to not give the game away.“I'm just not super hungry.” He lied. “Want some extra tomatoes? You liked those last time.” An attempt to placate.“Liar.”The odd sensation of being searched entered Eddies' mind and he fought back a sigh as he knew he was going to be rumbled. It was a difficult feeling to describe as Venom combed through his thoughts for the deception but to Eddie it was similar to the gentle caress which a scholar reserved for a particularly rare book as they turned each valuable page.Bingo.There is nothing wrong with this body, Eddie. Venom commented in a surprised tone as the truth revealed itself to his investigations. If there was, we would fix it. We keep this body perfect.“I know. I know.” Eddie soothed quickly, sensing the growing indignation of his partner at the implication he had not been taking care of his host. “But c'mon, we both know this,” he grabbed a handful of his gut, “isn't exactly the best shap-”This body is perfect and we love it. Size means nothing and we are strong enough to not need more muscle. Venom cut in, his unhappiness clear, and Eddie could almost hear the pout. We could not ask for a better host or body.Knowing that his opinion was not going to be considered, Eddie kept his mouth shut instead of arguing. When it came to their relationship, Venom would not be dissuaded from certain...opinions.
We will show you.
“Huh?” That grabbed Eddies' attention as a feeling of determination, not his own, settled in his chest and warmed him.
We will show you why we love this body.
“You don't have t-” Eddies' protest were cut off as control of his arms was taken from him as they were thrust above his head, the wet sensation of symbiote emerging from his wrists to secure them in place against the headboard. Heat pooled in his lower gut as he sensed where this was headed. “Look, as mu-”The wet sensation now emerged from his neck as the fami
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Body Worship
Multiple Orgasms
Mild Kink
Light BDSM
Human/Monster Romance

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

