Work Text:
Eddie felt that something was off.He could not put his finger on what it was exactly, because Venom would not talk to him, but he felt something bleeding through the connection they had.Eddie was still figuring it out. He was unsure of how anything in his body even worked anymore, but as long as it did work at all, that was fine by him. He just tried to keep Venom fed on Tater Tots, chocolate, chicken wings and bad-guy heads and hoped they would not actively cause any damage to Eddie. Or passively, since he had no idea how they worked together. Sometimes he wondered about it, but as soon as his wondering went over to being worried, Venom sent a wave of calm through him and Eddie immediately felt better.That was the other thing; they were not only connected physically, but also mentally. Venom was in his brain, quite literally reading his mind. It was amazing and terrifying at the same time, but as vehemently and frequently as they bickered about anything and everything, Eddie had yet to find a solid reason to dislike sharing his mind with Venom.It was not like the symbiote was constantly watching over his every thought. At least Eddie hoped they were not, but they were linked, and anytime Eddie checked, he could feel Venom’s presence in the back of his mind.It was comfortable.Lastly, they shared even more than a mind and body; they shared emotions. Emotions, feelings, sensations – all these were more easily transmittable than thoughts, and thus bled through the connection more easily, even if one of them was trying to be on their own… even if Venom was trying to be on their own; Eddie could not even keep his thoughts to himself. He lacked the skill, the practice and probably most importantly the necessary self-control.But right now Venom had retreated into a sulky presence at the back of Eddie’s mind and oddly enough he missed them.Venom had been enthusiastic enough to be back with Eddie and the latter had reciprocated this feeling completely. So much so that he had let down some barriers he had clung onto before.Like the masturbating thing; it had been a terrifying thought to masturbate not only with somebody else present, but with somebody else inside his mind. But recklessness, prolonged abstinence and the overwhelming sense of joy he felt at Venom’s return, had lowered the barrier and the orgasm this resulted in, had been incredible.It was no wonder that Venom noticed. And Venom asked. They asked about the purpose (“Reproduction. But also not. Fun, I guess…”), experience (“It’s just… good. It feels amazing. You felt it, didn’t you?” - Yes.) and frequency (“Depends. Every few days at least.”).Then came the most dreaded question. The conversation was awkward enough, but now, Venom began to materialise around Eddie, tendrils sneaking around his shoulders, a head appearing next to his, eyes meeting in the mirror before them. Eddie could not remember the last time he had brushed his teeth so intently.
Can I help? I want to join this experience.
A lick up Eddie’s neck had led him to respond too fast, too eagerly.“Yeah.” He finished brushing his teeth, rinsed. “We can try.”And that had been that.They had tried and it had worked. In fact, it had more than worked; it seemed like they fit together as more than cohabitants of a body. The orgasms Eddie had, were quite literally mind-blowing and his relationship with Venom became more intimate.This was why Eddie felt their absence so prominently. It felt like a part of him was missing and if he was being honest, he hated the feeling. The only thing he got from Venom was a vague sense of disappointment and a general aura of mopey-ness. But he did not understand the reason for this.They were just returning home from a friendly dinner with Anne. There was nothing romantic or anything in the sense going on, Dan was out of town at a conference and it had been a month since they had last seen each other, after Eddie had bolted when Venom had made themselves known.A lot had happened for both of them, so they caught up. Eddie knew, Venom had no problem with Anne; in fact, they liked her, but for some reason they had become less attentive and active during dinner and by the time Eddie hugged Anne goodbye, Venom retreated completely.As he threw his keys onto the kitchen table and went to the fridge for a beer, he tried to talk to Venom.“Come on, dude. At least tell me what’s gotten into you. I can feel that you’re hiding from me.”Everything was quiet. Eddie popped the lid off the beer bottle and threw it into the trash, took a sip, tried again.“Why are you being all mopey? I can’t do anything about it if I don’t know why.” He knew Venom would want him to apologise. But when the symbiote remained quiet still, Eddie decided he would try one more time.“You know what?” he said and grinned. “You’re a coward. Only cowards hide away from their problems.”The reaction came immediately. Eddie’s mind felt flooded with the sudden presence, his body was being ripped out of his c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Porn
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Jealousy
Love Confessions
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Possessive Behavior
this is pretty filthy

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

