Work Text:
Eddie’s lips were on your neck as you arched your back to meet his thrusts, the two of you working in tandem.  He peppered kisses on your skin making you moan. You wanted him harder and hoped he would put all his weight on you.  Your skin was sticky with sweat as he slid in and out of your soaking mound. Deeper, faster, fuller.  A frustrated groan left your lips.  You curled your fingers inside of you, brushing the base of your palm along your clit in the process.  The image of Eddie vanished for a moment, but you focused your mind and he was back.  You wiggled your hips as you pumped your fingers in your pussy, knowing that Eddie was much longer and had much more girth.  You wanted him inside, you wanted to feel his cock, his actual lips on your body.  You pictured his smile, then him licking his lips as he made his way down your body, again pressing down on your clit while you rubbed, this time pretending it was his tongue.  Imagining that he knew your body better than you did, drawing out more pleasure than you could give yourself.  The fantasy was tempting, but it was just you all too familiar with your pleasure centers. Your heart rate started to increase as your release drew closer. It would be faster now to flip onto your stomach and hump your hand until you came, put pressure on your clit and rub your body, but you weren’t ready to let the fantasy of Eddie go.No, you needed to draw this out, knowing the longer you teased yourself the bigger the payoff would be.  So you lifted your palm and sunk your fingers inside once more, clicking against your inner walls as you spread your legs higher and lifted your hips in the air.Even Eddie’s fingers would be larger than yours. The reminder broke your imagination and caused you to whimper.  The white t-shirt you wore started to bunch around your hips as the elastic of your panties touched your knuckles.  If Eddie were really here, you wouldn’t have any clothes on.You slid your hand, your fingertips grazing your entrance as your palm rubbed your clit in a circular motion.  You thrust your hips upward as your need grew, trying to imagine Eddie’s face and not lose the orgasm that was building again.  It wasn’t your palm on your bundle of nerves, it was his tongue. It wasn’t your fingers gliding inside of you, but his own.Eddie was going to take you over the edge without caring about his own satisfaction.  That was the kind of lover he was, you were sure of it.  Your breath hitched as you increased the pace again.  You bit your lip as you neared the peak of your pleasure, eager and deserving of the reward.  “Eddie.” You through your head back ready for the explosion, needing the relief.Whoosh! A hand was on your wrist, yanking it away from your body.You opened your eyes and let out a muffled scream. There was a weight on your body, pinning you down and your wrist to the side.  It was dark and you couldn’t make out who was on top of you.  “Scream and I’ll eat you.” The voice was unnatural.  The pleasure you were about to feel was replaced with panic and fear.  You tried to wiggle out from underneath the man, but he put more weight down on your vulnerable body, forcing you into place.“Do you understand?”  It spoke with a deep and menacing tone that brought tears to your eyes.  You nodded your head and the hand was removed from your mouth along with some of the weight from your body.  With hands still pinning your wrists to the mattress, your visitor moved backward. When they were far enough away to make out their form your heart raced again.  It wasn’t a man, but a creature with large white eyes and razor-sharp silver teeth.  Forgetting the earlier request, you opened your mouth to scream, but before any noise left it was covered again.“I thought we went over this already.  Scream and I will eat you.”  It dipped its chin, narrowing the white eyes in the process.  You held in the sob and again the hand disappeared.  You realized that both of your wrists were pinned down by your sides and that it wasn’t a hand at all.  Your eyesight followed the black tendril that hovered above.  “No screaming, but we don’t want you quiet. We liked hearing your noises. We hope to hear more.”  The tendril moved to your stomach and slid up your shirt.“We?” You turned your head to the side, wondering who else was in your bedroom.RIIIIPPPP.  Your white t-shirt shredded underneath the monster.  There was no trying to cover yourself.  You felt something slide down your hips, curling under each side of your panties. RIP.  They split in two and were flung to the ground.You looked up at him and realized your position. Flat on your back with your knees spread.  The thing between your legs.  You started to kick, but all it did was remind you of your juices that were coating your thighs.  You could not have been more available.  Then you felt it at your entrance.  Huge was an understatement.  Whatever this monster was he had basic human anatomy and right now his erection was teasing yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Venom/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Smut
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Monsters
Venom Smut
Anal
Oral
Female Reader
Kinktober
Orgasm Denial
Masturbation

fandom: 
Venom/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader

