Chapter 1: Here comes Summer
    




Chapter Text
The bell rang. It was not only the end of the day, but also the end of the school year.
Ecstatic kids ran out of the classes, screaming and yelling, absorbing any unfortunate kid who didn’t want to be run over. Peter also followed the blobs of people that basically pushed him out of the school with Ned in tow. Thankfully, Peter didn’t get sensory overload as that would’ve been horrible in a hallway of excited kids, but his enhanced hearing was still being a burden.
Once outside of the school, Peter and Ned finally got some space to breathe, Peter glad that his ears weren’t bleeding. Fortunately, they had all their classes together this year, so they had found each other easily, but MJ didn’t share their last 3 classes. Ready for the summer, they finally met up with MJ on the left of the school near the dumpsters (this is where they decided to meet up after school).
“Remind me why we decided to meet near the dumpsters again?” Peter crossed his arms, pouting. His enhanced sense made the trash smell so much worse.
“Well Parker, do you think I can even hear you talk out there with those ravage animals at the front screaming their lungs out.” MJ glared at him, deflecting Peter’s act of trying to be the strong one in the conversation.
“Fair point.” Peter uncrossed his arms and awkwardly rubbed the side of his left arm.
“Dumb Parker, why would you argue with MJ,” he thought to himself. Peter had liked Liz, but after the Homecoming incident, Peter slowly fell head over heels for MJ. Nowadays, Peter tried his hardest to impress MJ anyway he could, even if that meant trying to be confident and strong like MJ was with her remarks.
“Yeah, I agree with MJ. It’s wayyyy too loud out there to discuss our plans about the summer.” Ned strechted the “way” in the sentence, in the way that annoyyed MJ the most.
“Say it one more word like that Leeds, and I’ll make sure your mother nows about that time you bought that lego set without her consent.”
“Woah okay, lets calm down now. We don’t want a fight before our glorious summer plans right?” Peter knew they hardly ever argued about anything, but there was a first time for anything.
MJ blew a piece of hair that fell on her face as she stood straighter, Ned trying to hide behind Peter.
“Glorious summer days, huh. All I get to do over the summer is watch my younger siblings and make sure they don’t kill each other.” MJ quipped, changing the mood of the conversation rather quickly. That’s one thing Peter liked about MJ, she always knew how to lead the conversation in the best way.
“I’m going to go traveling with my parents for the most part. We’re going to stay with our relatives out of the country after visiting France, China, Ko-”
“Okay, we get it Leeds, you’re going to have a hell of a time during your summer. How ‘bout you Parker?”
“Oh, u-um nothing really. Just hang at the tower with my dad, maybe interact with humans once in a while.”
Peter noticed he stuttered, and blushed profusely, hoping no one would notice.
“Dude I still can’t believe your dad is now Iron Man.”
“Yeah Parker-STARK, even I can’t believe that your father is a billionaire.” Emphasizing the last name “Stark”, MJ smiled towards Peter.
“Well, it’s not really that big of a deal, like I can’t even tell anyone that I’m his son or anything except you guys and stuff…”
“Hey kid!”
The trio turned around to see Happy Hogan waving at them with a frown.
“Oh, looks like my ride is here, talk to you later on group chat. Let’s try and find a comfortable day to meet together, yeah?”
“Sure.” Both Ned and MJ simultaneously replied, then looked at each other wide-eyed, “JINX!”
“Alright bye!” Peter waved at the pair, who also smiled back and waved.
With that, he ran to the black Audi that was probably the most flashy car on the block.
“Hey Happy.”
“Hey, Pete. How about you tell me why you and your nerd gang were hanging around the dumpsters. Doing drugs, perhaps?” Happy quirked an eyebrow at Peter curiously.
“Happy! We would never.” Peter practically yelled with his voice going above an octave than normal. He quickly covered his mouth realizing he yelled in front of the whole school and voice cracked.
“I know, you goody-two-shoes, get in the car.”
Happy opened the door for Peter and quickly made his way into the driver's seat. When Peter stepped into the car though, he didn’t expect to see his dad with a wide smile. 
“Dad? What are you doing here?”
“Shouldn’t you be happy to see your old man?”
Peter rammed himself into his dad and hugged him tightly.
“That’s more like it kid.” Tony returned the hug. “ How was your day?”
“Good. I can’t believe school is finally over. Now we can just do whatever we want and work in the labs all day.” Peter said as he broke away from the hug.
“Yeah, it’s going to be the best summer of my life. Spending it with my favorite son.” Tony ruffled Peter’s hair
“I’m your only son though!” Peter retorted as he fixed his hair.
“Wow, so you don’t count DUM-E as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker and everyone

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Peter Parker Joins the Avengers
idek anymore
read summary and you'll get the idea
first fic ever
help me i always stay up late
Peter Parker Has a Family
Tony stark gets teased for being paternal
Peter calls Tony Dad
I guess I'll add more as I go
Peter is adopted by Tony
May Parker (dead)
Homecoming did happen
May knows he is spiderman
Father-Son Relationship
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Domestic Avengers
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff is a good friend
Clint Barton is a Good Dad
Uncle and Aunt Avengers
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Not Anti-Steve
Will sometimes seem Anti-Steve
but it'll get better i promise
I don't hate Steve
It's just a part of the story
sorry if you feel as if it's Anti-Steve
Big sleepover parties
Minor OC’s (like REALLY minor)
Minor OC - Aria Kim
Minor OC - Paul Kim

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker and everyone

