Work Text:
- - - - -Hello, I’m Peter Parker and this is the story of how my life ended. ~ ~ ~  Peter sighed as the piece of paper fluttered into his hands as Abe passed it around the tables. Just seconds before, Mr Harrington had announced the class had been invited to a field trip at Stark Industries. People were buzzing with happiness and excitement. Flash, half because of the place they were going, and half because Peter.From the minute Peter had announced to Ms Warren that he would not be present for the test, a year and a half ago, because of some ‘Stark internship’ he knew he was lying. And that became his excuse for everything. Missing practice and school, all because of this stupid lie of an internship.Peter neatly folded the permission form before placing it in his bag. And after a few more announcements the class was dismissed. All except Peter.“Peter, come here a minute.” Mr Harrington called to the boy.Peter walked over to the teacher, slightly lifting his head to look the man in the eye.“Look, about the internship. It was a funny joke, but I’m afraid some people believe it to be real and it would be incredibly embarrassing to get called out.” He sighed, shaking his head slightly. “I feel it would be best if you come clean to the class. The joke has gone far enough.”Peter clenched his jaw in anger. Even the teachers didn’t believe him!?“Oh no sir, I assure you there is no joke. I’m completely serious.”He sighed again, before his solemn look hardened. “I was afraid of this. Peter, you’re an excellent student, smarter than anyone in your grade, maybe even the school. You have excellent behavior and your only flaw is your tardiness. I did not expect you to be a lier. If someone is bullying you, let a teacher know. It’s not right to be spreading rumors about yourself to make you feel better.”“But sir-“ Peter tried.“I apologize in advance, but if you do not come clean before the end of this trip you will be suspended from the decathlon team until further notice. Do I make myself clear?”Peter mumbled a yes, before turning to leave the building. ~ ~ ~It was the night before the field trip when Peter was sitting up on his bed. He stared blankly out the window which held a magnificent view, before breathing a frustrated sigh, grunting as he flopped back onto his bed.“Come in.” He said, to the person standing at his door, hand at the ready to knock.“Hey kid.” It was Tony.“Hey Dad.” Peter replied. The both had never settled any agreement that the two would call each other father and son, unless you count the mutual liking for the names.It started about a year before when Peter moved into the tower. One morning he had accidentally said “thanks Dad!” as a plate of bacon and eggs was placed in front of him. The whole room just stopped, everyone looking in surprise at the two before Clint burst out laughing, followed by most of the superheroes in the room.After that day, the name just kinda stuck. With most of the avengers saying to Tony “your kid...” or to Peter “your old man...” Thor had a tendency to call Peter “mini Stark,” “son of Tony,” “Peter Tonyson,” or “Man of Spiders.” Doctor Strange refused to play along with the joke, yet smiled whenever it was mentioned. The Guardians had their own name for the boy which was “young Peter” and they weren’t around for the start of the inside joke. And Wade called him “Babe” even though the two weren’t dating. “What’s got you all grumpy?” Stark asked.“Field trip.”“I thought you liked Field Trips?”“The last one I went on was two years ago, where I was bitten by a radioactive spider. The last two times I stepped out of the school gate on a school bus my friends were almost killed, then the second I was killed.”Tony chuckled. “Good old Parker Luck, huh? Well look where that got you. You’ve saved millions of lives, travelled to space, lived with me! You even got the pleasure of having me as a father figure.”Peter rolled his eyes as he smirked, throwing a pillow at the man. Tony laughed, catching the red pillow.“Where’s this one at?”Peter’s eyes widened. No way. If he told Stark this would be a never ending nightmare. “U-um. N-nowhere. Just a zoo. It’s no biggie.”“He’s coming here.” Natasha said, twirling the permission form in her fingers, a smirk written on her face.“Nat!” Peter yelled, sitting up so fast he gave himself a head rush.Once Peter was focused again he glared at Natasha, before his eyes walked to Tony who couldn’t have a bigger smirk.“Why would you call me out like that!” He whined, flopping back onto the bed.“Never call me ‘Tashy-Washy’ again.” She said, before handing the slip to Tony and turning to leave.Peter glared at the spot where she stood. He knew he would suffer a consequence, but not one this murderous. He heard Tony chuckle as he read the slip. “I’ll have to go down and thank Aunt May for signing it. Look, she even attached a note saying ‘don’t wag.’ She’s great.”“May said I have to go. She also said if I want people to start believing me about t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Field Trip
Avengers - Freeform
mcu - Freeform
spiderson
Irondad
Stark Industries Field Trip
One-Shot

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

