Chapter 1: Intro
    




Chapter Text
     "What the hell is he doing here?!?!" Tony's scream could be heard all the way from the lobby of the compound... and the building was 26 stories. Peter Parker heard the scream on his way to Mr. Stark's lab. Quick as he could, he ran to the elevator. Hitting the button on the Avenger's living quarters took way too longer than he wanted. 
     By the time Peter found his way to the living room, he was greeted by a strange sight. Tony Stark held a one-armed James Barnes in a head lock. The Falcon was trying to wrestle past Colonel Rhodes, who blocked his way. Captain America seemed to be settling an internal conflict as to help which friend. Black Widow watched intently, but made no movement as to help any of the parties. The Scarlet Witch sat on a sofa with crossed legs looking bored, Vision sitting next to her... Hawkeye loomed over them watchfully. A man that Peter knew as the King of Wakanda looked nervous at the conflict, while a teenager stood next to him filming the fight on her phone. A very serious woman held a spear looking ready for a fight. 
     "Uh... What's going on?" Peter asked. He barely got a look from the Wakandan crew, but Vision did look up and give the teenager an apolegetic look. Apparently Vision's movement, caused the woman next to him to look up too. Her eyes widened at the sight of Peter. 
     "Mr. Stark!" Vision's usually calm voice raised higher. That most certainly got everyone else's attention on the boy. Tony turned his head on him. A small smile rose on his face.
     "Hey kid! What're you doing here?" That made Peter confused. He tilted his head at his mentor, who still held the Winter Soldier in a choke hold. 
     "You invited me!" Peter said. He held his phone in one hand. "I got some yrxt saying to meet you... But I'm still banned from this floor so..." He put his hands up in a surrender gesture. Rhodes turned to Tony. 
     "You banned him?!?" 
     "You know what happens to stray cats! You feed them and they keeping coming back." At that exact moment The Ant Man came into the room with a large sub in his hand. He raised his hand in greeting. "See?" 
     "Well, we got the same text telling us that you wanted to reconcile with us... and it's movie night so..." Black Widow said, taking a seat next to Vision on the couch. "We thought we'd stop by!" She said, making herself home. 
     "Reconcile?!?" Tony yelled, which made Bucky wince since it was into his ear. "Why would I do that? He is the last person in the world that I'd want to see!" 
     At that moment, the elavator door opened up again. A large blonde man and a doctor were the first people off the elevator, one of them walking confidently and the other looking quite nervous. Next off the elevator was a woman in a wierd assortment of street clothes and holding a bottle of whiskey. The final person was one that nobody had to be told who he was. 
     "You had to say it." Steve huffed out when Loki stood in the center of the room. 
     Tony finally let go of Bucky when Loki came in, but he made no act to move. "Why am I here again?" Questioned the woman. 
     "Becaused I told you that he had all the booze money could buy!" Loki said. The woman's face instantly lit up, and she made her way to look for the booze. An arrow whizzed past Loki's face and all eyes turned to the older man who held a bow in one hand and a quiver on his back. 
     "What's he doing here?" Clint asked, his eyes furious. 
     "What's she doing here?" Banner asked, his face turned into a scowl at Wanda. The Scarlet Witch, for all of her scariness, seemed to have quite the fear of the Hulk. She put her knees up and her face on the tops of her knees. Clint glared at Banner, but before anyone could say another word the elavator dinged again. 
     "I invited them all." A voice from the other side of the room echoed. When the elevator stopped it was to the wierdest bunch of people that Peter had ever saw. A woman with antennae, A green woman, a blue woman, a man in a long red coat, a tree, a racoon, and a grey man with red tattoos all over him. 
      An older man with a red cape came into full view of everyone. "My name is Dr. Stephen Strange and the Earth is in danger, and the only way to help it is to- well..." The Dr. Strange pulled out a dvd case with a white piece of paper tucked into the wrap that said "PLEASE WATCH IMMEDIATELY" in bold writing. "To watch this DVD. I have not viewed it myself, the directions said to clearly gather everyone first. But, apparently whatever is on this disc could save the world." Strangely, that didn't even draw a gasp from the assembled crowd, Peter noted with utter awe. 
     "As long as Mr. Stark doesn't pick the movie I'm okay." Vision said with a shrug of his shoulders, not seeming to mind Tony's look of abject betrayel. However, several of the other Avengers nodded with Vision's words. 
     "Alright..." Dr. Strange said softly. "Roll Call!" Peter tried to rememb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Gamora/Peter Quill
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Avengers See Infinity War
characters watch their movie
Avengers - Freeform
Fangirl Shuri
Fangirl Peter
Talkative Avengers
Jealous Wanda Maximoff
Crack Treated Seriously
If you do not like Wanda do not read
I favored her while writing
And would prefer not to gets the endless comments on how much they hate her

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Gamora/Peter Quill
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

