Work Text:
Usually Eddie is too preoccupied with his job to ponder any other social interaction other than getting on people’s nerves and pissing them off. Ultimately, he’s glad the Network offered to revive the show. He’d thought of refusing but with all the perks it brings, cohabitating with an alien does not magically pay the bills.When he does have some idle time he gets bored quickly mulling the thought over in his head. No, wrong. When he has time to let his thoughts wander more or less undisturbed, he has too much time to lie to himself. Eddie’s a people person by nature, he likes being around people, he strives off it. Although he didn’t have all that many true friends to speak of before… well, before Venom (people kept calling him a nuisance and Eddie supposes that’s about right), he feels even more alone now. It’s been six months and he’s settled into what he calls his life these days – halfway at least, enough to make it work from day to day – but he still misses Anne. There’s a tiny part of him that’s still angry at her for leaving although he doesn’t blame her. He’s been a colossal asshole and it probably served him right. But Anne left a space somewhere deep inside him that’s hard to cover. It’s a feeling of hollowness that even Venom can’t fill.Almost like an answer, the symbiote ripples through him, crawling under his skin to settle deeper against him. Eddie has been getting better at pinpointing Venom’s location and right now he’s stretching out, leaving his preferred spot somewhere at the back of Eddie’s skull to curl around his insides.It feels oddly reminiscent of an embrace. It’s still not what Eddie needs.

Whatever you need, we can give to you, Eddie.

Yeah, right. These days he has a chatty alien in his head and any and all shred of privacy flies right out the window.“I know, buddy” Eddie says. He can’t lie to Venom, he’s figured that one out early on. But he can keep certain things to himself, emotions he doesn’t allow to form fully, thoughts he pushes to the back of his mind before he can think them. As impulsive a nature as he has, Eddie can be prone to brooding sometimes and trying to explain his worries to his companion is a situation he’d rather avoid as long as possible.Do not hide from me, Eddie. It’s half purr, half angry command and an accompanying shudder runs down Eddie’s spine that he knows is all his own.“You know I’m not” he appeases because it’s true. He accepted Venom and all the consequences their shared existence bears and he’s getting a hang of what this life is like. Eddie would go so far as to say he enjoys being bonded. (Eating as far as the definition goes in Venom’s dictionary is still one of Eddie’s least favourite activities. He indulges the symbiote nevertheless, knowing it temporarily soothes the incessant demand for food and makes Venom a little sluggish and satisfied. That’s one of the good things: Whatever makes Venom happy, makes Eddie happy and the feeling of compounded happiness and content is something Eddie not so secretly basks in.)Still. “I’m just…” Still getting used to it. Venom can waffle all he wants about their perfect bond – Eddie usually tunes him out when he gets philosophical – but perfect doesn’t mean flawless and Eddie is still only human.

You are being unreasonable, Eddie. There is no higher state of connection.

Eddie sighs. “It’s not that I’m not satisfied with what we have.” Jesus Christ, he sounds like someone trying to figure out how to break up with his significant other.

Then why do you keep moping?

“Not helping, Vee” Eddie grumbles gloomily. Venom, just like himself, is still learning, and the finer nuances of human interaction have escaped him so far.

I can sense your emotions. It is far more effective and intimate than having to read your facial features or the tone of your voice.

“If you say so” Eddie mutters. He pointedly ignores Venom’s choice of words. Intimate bears too many meanings, too many impossible possibilities than he feels comfortable to consider. “You’re not very good at expression, though” is what he voices, still preferring to pronounce the words and hear himself speak rather than talking to Venom in his head. It gets too silent otherwise. And isn’t that a weird thought.Venom rumbles through him, a quick flash of annoyance lighting up Eddie’s nerves. The symbiote doesn’t like to be told off or corrected. Eddie always finds it fun to watch – to experience? – up until the point where Venom makes his obvious discontent known and leaves Eddie feeling grumpy with an irritation that’s not his own.Right now, Eddie doesn’t draw any kind of amusement from their particular brand of banter, and so, because he’s feeling shitty and wallowing in self-pity, he grouses, “Oh, fuck off.”Venom hisses back at him, an unpleasant sound that makes Eddie’s ears crawl if that’s even possible.

Will insulting me help you to get your shit together?

“This has nothing to do with getting my shit together” Eddie says, a little indig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Humor
Fluff
Touch-Starved
Eddie is lonely
Venom thinks chocolate is the cure to everything
Jealousy
Possessive Venom
protective Venom
Codependency
Venom takes care of Eddie
also Venom watches cheesy rom-coms because apparently that’s what your average symbiote does
This is disgustingly sweet
Some angst
Eddie needs a hug

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

