Chapter 1: Like Toy Soldiers (Eminem)
    




Chapter Text

 

 

The first time the Avengers begin to notice what's happening is when Steve and Bucky go to the nearby convenience store down the block to pick up about thirteen bags of Halloween candy. Avengers really. REALLY. Like their candy. Peter will eat about four bags on his own. The kid is an unstoppable force of sugar-loving terror. 

 

"Damn it," Bucky mutters, holding the plastic bag close and peering into it. "We forgot the orange Kit Kats, Steve. The Halloween Kit Kats." Steve sighs, glaring at Bucky with no heat in his expression. 

 

"Really, Buck? I mean-" He waves his hand. "I like, just started the story. I mean all I've said is 'we walked into the store' and you already interrupted-"

 

"Okay, okay," Bucky raises his hands, glancing askance at the bags before sighing. Peter looks like the foundations of his world are crumbling down at the news that there are no orange Kit Kats for him to binge on. 

 

Tony rolls his eyes so hard he's afraid they're gonna get stuck in his head, which would really be fine since that's his expression ninety percent of the time, anyway. He groans loudly and scrubs a hand over his face, pointing a finger in Steve's direction. 

 

"Seriously, Capsicle, if this story is just gonna be a giant waste of my time, then-"

 

Steve looks righteously offended. "I haven't even started the story! Anyway," he clears his throat, looking around like he's daring anyone to interrupt him. "Buck and I are just- in the Halloween candy aisle, right? And then we hear this crash come over from the direction of the counter. Buck's like, let's go check it out, Steve-"


 


"Of fucking 'course he said Steve, you were the only one who was there with him." Clint mutters, picking at his teeth, and Peter snickers around what looks like three Twix bars. His mask is pulled up partially over his face, just enough to reveal his mouth, because even though the kid has made a place here, he's still paranoid enough to want to hold on to his identity. As far as Steve and the others are concerned, Peter is eighteen, and that's how Peter wants it to be. Only Tony and Bruce know that Peter is actually only 15, only barely passing off as being older than he actually is, thanks to being almost too smart for his age and the way he adjusts his voice around the other Avengers- although Tony gets this feeling that Natasha is probably ... Suspicious.  

 

Steve doesn't look mad. Steve looks disappointed. When Steve is disappointed, it makes everyone listen to him. Tony kind of hates that power, the "look at me I'm so good that I make people listen when I look like a kicked puppy" power. Of all the people to have it, Peter happens to, which is just brutal. The kid could puppy-eye his way out of a paper bag, it's infuriating. 

 

"-And we head over, and there's just this ... This girl." Now Steve just looks confused, like even he isn't sure of what he witnessed. His expression looks a little blank, and he exchanges looks with Bucky before clearing his throat. "She looks like..." He frowns, looking around the circle at Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Tony, and finally Peter. "Who's that girl from the book with the three bears?"

 

"Goldilocks!" Peter chirps, reaching for another Twix bar. Tony smacks at his hand. 

 

"I'm not going to carry you home if you lapse into a sugar coma, Underoos. You know who will kick my ass." He mutters, and the others look at him weird because they have no idea how terrifying Peter's aunt is. Peter looks wounded, but he pulls his hand back and actually listens to Tony.

 

That is, until a Twix bar is stealthily webbed from the bag and into Peter's hand with a tiny thwip! Peter grins at him, shoulders lifting into a delicate shrug as he munches through the caramel and chocolate coated biscuit. Tony sighs. Teenagers.


 


"Yeah, Goldilocks." Steve says, absently picking at the brown leather jacket he's wearing. "And she's just... standing there, staring at the- you know, the candy section underneath the cashier's counter? And she goes, Mommy, I want peanut butter M&Ms." 


 


"A wise choice," Peter nods. 

 

"And the mom, she's tired, she's holding like four bags and she's already checked out. So she goes, No, Jenna, no peanut butter M&Ms. And the girl- Jenna -she just stands there, like..." Steve shifts, looking a little uncomfortable, and Tony pays a little more attention, because sometimes Steve's instincts are actually pretty spot on (even though he never says that to Steve, for obvious reasons). "It was weird. She just stood there and stared at her mom with these, like... Demon eyes." 

 

"You were scared of a tiny girl?" Clint asks dubiously, only for Natasha to stare at him until he amends himself. "I mean, young girls can be frightening. I would know."

 

"It wasn't like that." Bucky mutters, stilted, and Tony flicks his eyes towards the man, then down at his arm, which is wrapped around one bag of candy. "She was jus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
One of those 'Peter is young and the Avengers don't know it' fics
Protective Tony
Protective Avengers
Avengers acting as a team
Precious Peter Parker
Character Illness (sort of)
Mentions of the death of children
Peter Parker Whump
(Temporarily) dark Peter Parker/Spider-Man
mass death of children
Peter is Spider-Man
Secret Identity
Magic and Science
Brainwashing
Temporary Character Death
Original Villain(s) - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

