Work Text:
Eddie accepts Anne’s invitation to dinner because he hasn’t seen her in too long and wants to know if she’s doing good for herself (which she obviously is, judging by the sound of her voice over the phone but Eddie tells himself he simply wants to make sure). He’s happy for her, and hell, even for Dan. It’s hard not to like Dan and Eddie’s long given up on trying to win Annie back. They’re happy together and maybe it’s best this way, both Eddie and Anne settled in a new life, not far from each other but a safe distance away.“What do you think, buddy? Apparently, Dan’s quite the cook.” The man really scares Eddie, there’s nothing Dan is bad at. There has to be a catch somewhere.“Food” Venom agrees, giving an approving nod from where he hovers, materialised, next to Eddie’s shoulder. He’s been intently watching Eddie while he was speaking to Anne. It was just a tad distracting. “And we like Anne.”Eddie chuckles. “Yes, we do.”
 “And we don’t want to eat Dan. Most of the time.” 
That elicits a laugh from Eddie and he shakes his head fondly, gently nudging Venom’s floating head. The symbiote’s teeth graze his shoulder, nibbling lovingly and Eddie shudders at the sensation, a flash of panic mixed with comfort and warmth. His life can’t get any weirder, he supposes. He washes down the remains of tonight’s dinner with a glass of water, trying not to think about the feeling of bone splintering between his teeth, and goes to bed. ~~~ Eddie wakes up with a heavy head and a parched throat. He groggily rubs at his eyes, but it doesn’t do much to make his vision less blurry. Venom crawls underneath his skin, restless, as if he’s looking for something.Uncomfortable comes the helpful comment.“Yeah, thanks, I’m not exactly feeling at my best” Eddie croaks and immediately regrets it when the words scratch at the back of his throat and the effort of speaking throws him into a coughing fit. Venom protests vehemently, prodding and budging against him in obvious discomfort.
 Stop shaking me up, Eddie. 
Eddie frowns at the anger in the symbiote’s voice. “I’m trying” he gives back and flops back onto the pillow. Closing his eyes for a few minutes he wills his body to calm down. His heartrate slows to normal levels and breathing doesn’t hurt as much anymore. He feels Venom climb through his body and settle around his lungs where he drapes himself like a blanket, soothing irritated spots. Eddie smiles and places a hand on his chest.“Thanks” he mumbles, rubbing gently.The answering hum reverberates through his bones and Eddie feels content for a few silent moments until the dryness in his throat becomes unbearable and he gets up to stagger into the kitchen.He eats a moderate breakfast, ignoring Venom’s persistent whining, and gulps down as much water as he can. Shuffling towards what counts as a shabby excuse for a living-room Eddie makes a beeline for the couch and lets himself drop onto it. The furniture creaks in protest. God, he really has to start looking for a new place to live.Why are you dragging your feet? Venom enquires before Eddie has a chance to even close his eyes for a blissful second.He grunts in response. “Dunno. I’m tired, I suppose.”The symbiote prickles under the surface of his skin in what Eddie has learned is Venom’s equivalent of a shake of the head.You rested for eight hours and twenty-five minutes. The symbiote swarms out, prodding here and there, exploring his insides. But our body feels weird. He draws out the last word and Eddie wrinkles his nose at the loud booming voice in his head.“Volume, buddy” he grits out. “Tune it down, we talked about this.”This gets him another displeased rumble – whatever we want applies to far too little times and situations for Venom’s liking – but Eddie barely pays any attention in favour of dozing off. It’s Sunday and he’s got nothing else planned than dinner at Anne and Dan’s tonight. He doesn’t want to have to cancel so he supposes he can use the rest of the day to sleep off whatever sluggishness creeped into his bones overnight. Venom is too busy crawling up and down his spine to voice any disapproval.Eddie wakes to the shivering, piercing feeling of cold and he bristles, blinking dazedly. He’s only wearing the old t-shirt and jeans he threw on after dragging himself out of bed and the window’s open. As he trots over to close it he can feel Venom pulsing through him, still relentlessly rushing from head to toe, never lingering long enough to give Eddie pause for breath.“What’s that when it’s at home?” he asks, only half interested. His thoughts are pulling him towards the bathroom. A hot shower does sound terribly inviting right now.Trouble Venom merely supplies, and Eddie frowns at the curt answer. Can’t locate the source.“Don’t make a fuss, Vee” he mumbles. “It’s probably just general exhaustion from haunting the streets trying to satisfy your insatiable appetite.” Eddie might have made some sort of peace with scraping their food fresh from the less savoury ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
more symbiote fluff
Sickfic
Fluff
Angst
Possessive Venom
protective Venom
Venom takes care of Eddie
Sleepy Cuddles
Hurt/Comfort
Bodysharing
Anne finds out Venom is alive
the summary sounds far more dramatic than it really is
Angst with a Happy Ending
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

