Work Text:

We’re Still Here
  
The first time T’Challa meets Antonia Stark, he’s twenty years old and attending Oxford University with the intention of receiving a Physics PhD. It’s his first time out of Wakanda, and his face and status is rather unknown so that he can study in peace.

Antonia is his opposite; she’s twenty-four, and her face is plastered all over the world’s medias as one of the most prominent business runners in the world. T’Challa knows of her, who doesn’t, and he knows her father’s crimes of theft against his people. He’s followed her life in the media, and so has his father, and even Shuri, sixteen years his junior knew of her (but for a completely different reason – the young girl idolizes the American engineering genius, and has declared Stark her self-appointed rival).

That day, T’Challa is sitting in a small café, enjoying his tea while perusing his notes, when she walks in.

He looks up, cataloging the new body in the mostly–empty café, and he actually has to take a second look to recognize who it is.
Antonia Stark.
Admittedly, he’s probably only picked it out because he can recognize another person hiding in plain sight, much like he is, and T’Challa isn’t surprised that the girl behind the counter doesn’t realize that the American ordering the largest coffee size they have is one of the most famous people in the world, and not just another exhausted college student. She’s dressed in slim red jeans and a black band shirt, a pair of wire-framed glasses balanced on her nose, and a slouched beanie.

T’Challa has to look again just to make sure that he’s not seeing things, but yes, it is still the richest woman in the world.

Who’s eyes have landed on him, and she’s making her way towards him.

She’s caught him staring.

T’Challa closes his textbook with a snap as she takes the seat across from him, studying him from over the rim of her coffee cup.
“Well, hello there Chocolate Thunder.” She purrs, leaning back against her newly claimed seat, and T’Challa blinks, because he’s never had anyone speak this openly with him before. “You’ve been watching me.”
“It’s hard not to,” He returns, trying not to show how flustered he is by taking another mouthful of tea, “When one of the most famous women in the world walks in.”

Stark grins, her eyes sparkling with amusement, “So you noticed.”

“You are good at hiding,” He admits, “It’s hard to recognize you out of what you wear in interviews.”

“People see what they want to see,” She shrugs, “But you have me at a disadvantage. You know who I am, and I don’t have a name to place with your face.”

“T’Challa,” The prince offers after a moment of hesitation, and Stark grins.
“T’Challa, huh?” She echoes, playing with the foreign name and rolling it on her tongue, and T’Challa is thankful for his complexion when he feels his cheeks heating up.
“Indeed.”

Stark hums, sitting back again to cast her sharp gaze around the café, then back to him. “Physics, good book?” She asks, then shrugs again at the look he shoots her, “Honestly, I’ve read it already, what do you think about it?”

T’Challa glances down at the cover, then back to the American businesswoman, “A little bland.”

She laughs, bright and clear, and she agrees “They always are.”

T’Challa’s opinion of the bright, intelligent woman changes that day, and he knows that the media has made the decision to exploit and exaggerate her flaws for a sensational story; she flirts with him, yes, but she seems much more enthused to debate the laws of physics with him then sleep with him.

 
 All of a sudden,    You changed my mind.  T’Challa watches as the world cries for Toni Stark to show herself in the absence of those truly responsible, to stop being cowardly, and answer for the crimes committed by Captain America and the Avengers that sided with him. He watches, and he judges.But Stark is silent, no where in sight, and T’Challa worries.Should he have not taken the Captain at face value? T’Challa regrets not going to check before leaving Siberia, regrets putting his guilt before his common sense. Mama had always told him that he was a good man with a good heart, but a good man was not always a good king, and that to be a good king he would have to put his heart aside.Toni Stark is a good person, that much T’Challa knows, and he respects the person she has become since her capture at the hands of the Ten Rings.If she was dead, T’Challa would carry that guilt forever.If she was dead, Captain Roger’s time under his protection would be limited, and he would have to answer for what he did. 
 Pulled back the curtains 
 
His memories of the moment is a blur of screams and ashes and the scent of death and burning flesh in the air.

He remembers meeting his Baba’s eyes, proud of his father and king as he presents his views of the Accords, as he extends a hand to the rest of the world to test the waters.

But that pride melts away to dread as he smells the chemicals, feels the rattling of the first bombs going off,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Shuri & T'Challa & Ramonda (Marvel)
T'Chaka & T'Challa (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
Brother and Sister - Freeform
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Minor Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
T'Challa-centric (Marvel)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Animal Traits
Animal Instincts
Falling In Love
First Meetings
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Extremis Tony Stark
Extremis Pepper Potts
Extremis James "Rhodey" Rhodes
inspired by a song
Song Lyrics
Inspired by Music
Yoruba
Italian
Pet Names
Rebellion
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
T'Challa Has PTSD
Nightmares
Character Study
Shuri is a Little Shit
royal consort Tony Stark
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Meme Lord Shuri (Marvel)
Unreliable Narrator
We're Still Here by Sleeping at Last
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Shuri & T'Challa & Ramonda (Marvel)
T'Chaka & T'Challa (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

