Work Text:
“So, uh, tell me more about this new drug.”It’s grueling work, and Eddie’s trying his hardest not to roll his eyes to the back of his head. But it's still a lead, even if it’s not the type of work he would usually take. Even if it’s making some bad memories resurface.But Eddie has decided that at the end of the day, he's just not quite ready to succumb to a life of regularly snapping off heads for dinner.“Well, we’re entering phase four of clinical trials for this new antipsychotic, phazedonic acid, and prospects are looking promising… “So, of course, Eddie zones out. The last thing he cares about is listening to another biotech or pharmaceutical company blowing smoke up their own ass about how revolutionary their new product is. He’s already had a lifetime of bad memories accumulated from the Life Foundation, and this interview is simply ripping off the bandage on a necrotizing wound.This clinical psychiatrist with the bushy eyebrows -- what was his name again? Jonah Johnson? Kenneth Kiran? Matthew Madison? It’s some form of alliteration for sure, but Eddie forgets because it isn’t worth his time. He’s certain he’ll be able to find the name in his inbox when he’s writing up the report later.But he does admit that forgetting the name of the person he’s interviewing may be a tad bit…  unprofessional.“Uh huh,” he edges on, pretending to jot the last few words said to him in a notepad. Thank god he also has a tape recorder on his person.

Eddie, wake up…

His eye twitches. He knows his  other  is just looking out after him. Eddie appreciates it, of course, but he wishes that he didn’t have to feel like he's being judged at his job. It’s already bad enough that he’s dealing with another delusional scientist-type, but the fact that even his  other is pushing him to work harder is making him wish the floor below would swallow him whole…Eddie blinks. “Yeah, great. And how would you say the response has been so far?”“It’s been fantastic! Just the other day…”Good, good.  Make him talk, nod your head, pretend to listen. Let him drone on, and react enough to make the interviewee feel as if their words are important. Just enough to let him get through the day.Wake up!  Eddie releases a bated breath and looks up at the interviewee with a forced smile, masking his distaste. He admits that this isn’t his best work, but he wouldn’t say it was his worst either.And just then, Eddie feels something warm and wet, gently circling his sensitive, puckered entrance. He snaps up and clenches his cheeks together reflexively.The scientist flinches. “I-is something wrong?”“No! No, nothing’s wrong!”Dammit,  Eddie’s going to kill this parasite later.“I apologize. Is this boring you, Edward?”“No, not at all! It’s Eddie, by the way, and p-please. Continue,” he wheezes, wishing death upon his  other .Eddie doesn’t hear it so much as feel his  other’s  deep laughter reverberating in his skull. That smug alien of his settles in his gut, satisfied, and Eddie grits his teeth in frustration. Now, of all times, is not right the time for Venom to be starting up with their shenanigans again.Even so, barely a minute passes before Eddie feels his interest in the conversation waning. The psychiatrist goes on about mortality benefits and secondary endpoints, and blah, blah, blah -- Again, he feels the tongue, this time running a languid stripe between his cheeks.Eddie shrieks. “Stop it!”“Goodness! Are you talking to me?”Eddie feels his face bleeds red with embarrassment. “Er, no, I was just. Um. Talking to myself.”“Oh!” It takes a second for psychiatrist’s face shifts to something a bit more devious, and Eddie feels his ears start to burn -- whether it’s through embarrassment or irritation, he’s not sure. The scientist --  maybe it was Punchy McPunchface  -- raises the brows on his extremely punchable face. “Talking to yourself, you say?”“Yes. Er, I mean, no.”Eddie’s sure he would have been able to respond with a snarky quip if it wasn’t for the fact that his other’s tongue hasn’t left the space between his cheeks at all, sliding upward across his entrance in an infinitesimally slow stroke that isn’t quite fast enough to drag a moan out of his mouth, but definitely not slow enough for him to ignore the sensation altogether.“Fuck,” Eddie groans and rubs his temples with his free hand, wishing this day would end.“Perhaps you may also find benefit in participating in our clinical trial?”Eddie scowls, taking the fucking hint. “Perhaps not,” he replies bluntly. “I’m not crazy.”“We prefer to use the term psychoses,” the man replies clinically.“Yeah, that.”“And one of the positive symptoms of psychosis is visual and auditory hallucinations.”“Uh huh.”“So if you say you’re hearing voices, then perhaps it may be worthwhile to seek -”“Look,” Eddie interrupts, ignoring the cackle of his other. “I’d prefer if you didn’t try to psychoanalyze me in the middle of this interview. I’m the one interviewing  you.”The man looks taken aback. “I apologize, Mr. Bro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Tentacles
Rimming
Public Masturbation
Established Relationship
Mildly Dubious Consent
Sharing a Body
Kissing
Public Humiliation
kind of?
Basically Venom starts doing things to Eddie out in public
Like a remote controlled sex toy
Venom doesn't have much sense in terms of boundaries
Venom is a conniving ass in this hahaha
One Shot
Teasing

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

