Work Text:
If Dan wasn't doing a digital detox right now, he'd definitely post about this on his Yelp page.“Just wait, Anne, their mimosas are amazing. I can't believe we don't have to wait in line.”“It's nine-thirty on a Tuesday,” says Anne. She's standing on her tip-toes, trying to spot Eddie coming down the street.“So we've discovered not only how to keep modern romance alive, but also how to get a great table for brunch,” he says. “The key is inhuman hospital shifts and unemployment, who knew.”“We should write an advice book, we'd make millions,” she says, smiling at him.That mimosa sounds really good right about now. He's fresh off another week on third shift – punishment for letting an unhinged ex-journalist with no health insurance rampage through the hospital, even if admin won't admit it – and some things are shinier in the daylight than they probably should be. Like the grass on the sidewalk strip in front of the restaurant, or the stack of Street Sheets being sold by the homeless guy on the corner.Down the street about a block, a tall tech guy takes a wild, flailing step off the sidewalk and into traffic. Dan peers in that direction; that's probably Eddie now.“Oh, there he is,” says Anne. She puts her hand up and waves.“So, you're sure he's doing all right? He's recovered from his – his thing?” He knows Eddie's organs are back to a normal, healthy state, but Dan has a few questions left over about the guy's head.“He seems happier,” Anne says after a long moment.Which isn't, he notices, really an answer to his question. “That's good.” Not that he really came out and asked the question directly. Maybe he's part of the problem. Maybe they need to work on their communication.Eddie swaggers up, one hand emerging from his jacket pocket to shake Dan's already outstretched palm, the other pulling Anne in for a quick sideways hug.Every time, it's a surprise all over again how completely silent the alarm bells of jealousy are when he sees Eddie with Anne. Even that first night he saw him hanging around outside her place, he gave off a thorough vibe of already taken.“No line,” comments Eddie as they sidle inside the restaurant.Dan grins at him. “I know, right?”They are seated at a table in the corner next to the window, out of direct sunlight but with a brilliant view down Fell. Eddie clears his throat a few times and shifts in his seat, but the fidgeting seems to disappear as soon as he has the menu in hand.They hear the specials and Dan orders a round of mimosas. He already knows what he's getting; he'd looked up the menu on his 4 am break.“I was happy to see your byline last Wednesday, man,” he says to Eddie. “I think it's great that you're going back to writing – I mean, the whole pivot to video thing. We all knew that was bullshit, right?”“But you loved the Brock Report,” says Anne, glancing up from a listing of hashes.Dan had thought the Brock Report was great and that Eddie Brock was the coolest man in San Francisco. He still, painfully, kind of thinks this.“Yeah,” he says, “but that was – you know, that was all Eddie.”Eddie rubs his jaw and smiles at him. “Oh, well that's. That's real nice of you to say, man.” Then he jumps slightly in his chair, knee hitting the underside of the table. He belatedly attempts to cover up the flinch by clearing his throat again.Dan tries to share a worried glance with Anne, but she is staring at the other man narrowly over the top of her menu.So he asks, concerned, “You okay?”“What? Yes, yeah, I'm – I am great. Just, you know hungry – hungry! Just completely starving, man.”“You should try one of their waffles,” says Dan. “They're pretty filling.”“Hey, look, tater tot waffles,” says Eddie, reading off the menu. “YES – yes,” he smiles between Dan and Anne, “we are having that.”All of Dan's concern flees in the face of this unexpected attack.“Oh. You, you want to share?” he says, groping blindly for a menu, his heart sinking. This overturns all his plans. “I suppose we could split – something...”“We're sharing?” asks Anne brightly, jumping back into the conversation. “Then what do you guys think of the Butternut and Kale Strata? With a side of the applewood bacon?”Dan thinks forlornly of his Dutch Baby pancake. It was supposed to be his one sugar intake for the week. He's been thinking about it for five hours.“No,” announces Eddie loudly. “That's all right. No sharing. Please,” he adds, in a more normal tone.And it's a little weird, but Dan selfishly doesn't question it. His Dutch Baby is safe.The waiter arrives back with their mimosas, which Dan accepts gratefully, and takes their order.“So, Eddie,” Anne says once they're left in relative privacy again. “How are you feeling these days? For real?”“Better than ever.”Looking at his unshadowed, unsweaty face, Dan believes him. But Anne says, “Really? You haven't been having any strange thoughts? Maybe dreams?”Dan's smile remains in place, but takes on a slightly fixed nature as he glances between the two of them. Maybe the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Humor

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

