Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Eddie’s mouth tastes like vomit, and he stumbles to the sink and desperately grabs at his toothbrush. He squeezes on about three times as much toothpaste as he usually uses and starts scrubbing at his teeth frantically. Why did he eat that? What is wrong with him?

He spits out a mouthful of minty foam and looks at himself tiredly in the mirror.

Eddie.

The voice comes out of nowhere, and his own eyes change right in front of him, morphing into some monstrous demon eyes.

He shrieks and pushes himself away from the sink suddenly, and is flung backward with far more force than he had expected. His body flies across the small bathroom and into the shower. The shower curtain half envelops him and he tears it off the curtain rod as he goes down into the tub.

He strikes his head on the wall as he lands, and the world around him goes black.

When he wakes up, there’s something touching him. He jumps, startled, and opens his eyes and looks around quickly, but there’s no one else in the room.

He’s sprawled half way into the tub, and he starts to push himself up, but something under his shirt moves, and he startles, staring down at his chest. It tickles its way down to his stomach and then slowly back up his side. With shaking hands he grabs the bottom of his sweatshirt and shirt and pulls them up quickly, exposing his stomach and chest in an effort to find what has somehow gotten itself into his clothing.

There’s something small, black, and kind of slimy looking crawling its way across his skin. He reaches for it with one hand, but quickly chickens out of touching it. What he hell is it? Suddenly it sinks into his skin and disappears, and Eddie stares with slowly widening eyes.

“What the hell?” he rasps to himself. He scrambles up out of the tub quickly and pulls his shirt and sweatshirt off over his head as he moves shakily toward the mirror. He peers at his reflection, turns this way and that, inspecting his body for the thing he knows he had seen on it just a few seconds ago.

Yess, comes a voice out of nowhere again, and he spins suddenly, looking for the source.

Without warning, thin black tendrils sprout from his stomach and he yelps, stumbles backward, and falls again, sprawling across his bathroom floor. They move with an almost liquid-like consistency. He stares in horror. He can’t help but think of the movie Alien, of the creatures that burst from men’s chests, but these don’t hurt him. They just sort of… tingle.

“What is that?” he asks aloud to nobody, his shaking hand reaching for them as a few move down his stomach and start exploring the front of his trousers.

I am Venom. I am in you, and you are mine.

His hands move suddenly of their own accord, his arms snapping up above his head. They pin themselves to the floor, and he feels more of the slimy substance seep out of his wrists. He pulls at his arms, but the stuff has stuck itself to the floor and he can’t move them.

“In me?” he squeaks out. But he can feel it now. He can feel it inside of him, in his gut, his chest, his mind. His insides squirm, but it’s not quite a physical feeling, or at least not one he could even begin to describe. There’s another presence in his head, just barely on the edge of his awareness.

The tendrils exploring his trousers manage to open them, and Eddie makes a wordless sound of distress and confusion as the tendrils grow in width and length and start working his clothing down. They struggle a bit with his shoes, but before long the tendrils are pushing his pile of clothing away, and he’s left naked on his floor.

“What- what are you doing?” His voice is shaking. He starts to pull his legs up, not liking being stretched out naked on the floor, but two of the tentacles wrap quickly around his ankles and then bond themselves to the floor. He pulls uselessly, making a little whine of fear.

Exploring what’s mine.

A larger mass of the black substance emerges from Eddie’s chest. It rises above him, then curls downward toward his face and something forms at the end of it, only recognizable as a face itself because of the grinning maw of teeth. Eddie stares in terror, his blood going cold in his veins.

Your fear is so potent. Delicious.

The thing speaks aloud this time, and its tongue snakes out of that terrifying mouth and slithers up Eddie’s cheek. Eddie makes a sound of disgust and turns his head away, but there’s no escaping a creature that’s coming out of his own body.

The tongue leaves a thick layer of slime on his skin. It slides up his temple, across his forehead, and then down the other side of his face. He’s got his eyes squeezed shut, his face scrunched up in disgust and fear, fully expecting this thing is going to eat him.

At the same time, he feels other tendrils emerge from his body and start exploring their way across his bare skin, and he shivers.

The tongue on his face slides across his mouth, and h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Rape
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Anal Sex
Forced Orgasm
Oral
Bondage
Kissing?
That's used lightly
Venom shoves his tongue down Eddie's throat
Sounding
Orgasm Delay
Abdominal Bulging
Semi-Public Sex
Canon-Typical Violence
My porn developed plot again
Porn With Plot
Rimming
Tongue Fucking
Forced Masturbation
Blood
Gags
Prostate Milking
Biting
Shower Sex
Punishment
Mentions of Suicide
Size Kink
Big Cock
Dark!Venom
Injury
Begging
Coping Mechanisms
Stockholm Syndrome
But not your usual fanfic version of stockholm syndrome
I researched the shit out of this
This isn't "in love with my captor" stockholm
This is "act of self delusion to reduce extreme stress" stockholm
Cognitive Distortions
Depersonalization
Dissociation
Does this count as psychological horror yet?
Dildo Gag
Anal Plug
Repressed Memories
supportive friends
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Character Death
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Healing
Rape Recovery

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

