Work Text:
“Steve.” Bucky’s voice sounds strained even through the comms. “You need to get to me now.”Steve ducks behind a desk as five Hydra soldiers strafe the room with their guns. “You okay?”
“I’m not hurt. Just… get to me.”
“Cap,” Sam says. “We can clear the way. You really need to get to him. Hydra set a trap for him.”A cold rage flares up inside Steve at Sam’s words. Time slows down as his mind becomes crystal clear and focused on only one thing. “On my way.” He vaults over the table and smashes into the soldiers sneaking up on his location. He doesn’t hold back. His only objective is to put them down and get to Bucky. When he runs out of the room, the five soldiers are lying on the ground behind him. None of them are getting up again.Steve follows JARVIS’ directions to the east wing of the Hydra base. When he finally gets eyes on Bucky, he finds him backed into a corner of the room by a group of soldiers. From the way Bucky’s fighting, Steve can tell that he’s toying with the soldiers, letting them come to him so he can dismantle them.He scans the room for threats and spots Rumlow by the wall near the door. He’s being held upright by another soldier. He’s hunched over, face pale and sweating, but his eyes are locked on Bucky. Steve’s lip curls instinctively as Rumlow’s scent reaches him: an alpha in rut.Then, Steve picks up the scent of an omega in heat. A warm rich scent of honey vanilla cinnamon. He sucks in a lungful of air. It’s not just any omega. It’s Bucky.A vicious growl ripples through the air. It takes a second for Steve to realize that the sound is coming from him. He steps forward, driven by the twin urges of getting to Bucky and killing Rumlow. Bucky’s head snaps up and their eyes lock for a second before Bucky snaps the neck of the soldier in front of him.The soldiers are no threat to Bucky. No, the biggest threat in the room to Bucky is the alpha in rut. Steve leaps forward.*“Steve.”Steve snaps to attention at the sound of Bucky's voice. He’s not sure how it happened, but Rumlow’s on the floor under him, face a bloody, pulpy mess of cuts and bruises. He’s still breathing, but only barely. One more punch and he won’t be, Steve thinks.“Quit playing,” Bucky says. “You need to get me out of here.”“Okay.” Steve lowers his fist. His instinct is to eliminate any unbonded alpha in rut near Bucky. He makes himself stand up before he ends up killing Rumlow in cold blood. “Okay.” He steps over the body of the soldier who’d been holding Rumlow up and moves to Bucky’s side, checking him for injuries. Apart from a hectic color to his cheeks, Bucky seems fine.He hands Steve the shield. “Let’s go.”“Quinjet’s on the roof,” Tony says. “Get him out of here.”They’re being treated like a bonded pair, Steve realizes—where one goes, the other goes, too. Which, he supposes, in a way they are. If only platonically.“You take point,” Bucky rasps. He shoulders his gun.Steve nods. With Bucky behind him, scent rich and lush with his heat, Steve cares nothing at all about preserving Hydra lives as they fight their way up to the roof. He fights as dirty as he has to and doesn’t hesitate over going for the kill.When they get to the roof, Tony and Sam are already there waiting. They lay down covering fire while Bucky and Steve sprint to the quinjet and clamber in. Clint nods to them from the pilot seat and takes off. His blessedly neutral beta scent helps to clear Steve’s head a little from the pounding rhythm of protect possess protect possess beating in time to the steady drip of blood off his shield. Just thinking of Rumlow bonding Bucky against his will makes Steve want to jump out of the quinjet to find Rumlow and kill him properly.Instead, he wraps an arm around Bucky and pulls him close, needing to reassure himself that Bucky’s okay. Bucky goes willingly and leans against his side.“What happened?” Steve asks.“Fuck if I know. They sprayed me with something. Made my heat came on just like that.” Bucky snaps his fingers. “Then Rumlow walked in already in rut.” His grin is savage. “I guess they thought I’d be too out of my head to say no.”“You said no?” Steve guesses. He’s not ashamed to admit that his knees are more than a little weak with relief that Hydra’s plan failed. “With a punch to the dick.”Steve laughs and nuzzles Bucky’s temple, drawn in by his scent. “No wonder he couldn’t stand straight.”“Not a good day for Rumlow. I broke his dick, you broke his face.”The look Bucky gives him is faintly questioning. Because yeah… his reaction was probably a little extreme. They aren't mates. Had never even helped each other through heats. And Bucky doesn’t even know about the trail of bodies Steve had left behind him on his rampage to get to Bucky. Steve is still trying to think of a cover for his reaction when Bucky hunches over with a groan. A wave of rich, omega heat-scent curls through the small space. Steve nearly groans as well when Bucky tucks his face into the curve of Steve’s neck to breathe in his alpha scent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Forced Heat
because hydra are dicks
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
very brief mention of rumlow's failed attempt at bonding with bucky
he doesn't get very far at all
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Getting Together
Knotting
mutually pining oblivious idiots

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

