Chapter 1: [act one, scene zero] je introduire...
    


Summary:


I introduce...




Notes:

uh so i'm back. yes, i wasn't gone in the first place, shuddup and enjoy your indulgent slow-burn fic.

cover can be found on my tumblr here. i recommend listening to the series playlist here. the title and mood of this fic comes from Rudimental's These Days. the angst in the song doesn't exactly match the angst in this fic bc sneeve and bucker do stop being blind eventually but the mood is still there. the mood for act one specifically is Kat Dahlia's "I Think I'm In Love". as always, thanks to alpha-mom-friend lexi, my poor beta who has to deal with me writing too much shit at one time. this conversation says a lot about our friendship.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


 
[act one, scene zero] introduire It’s the kind of hot that makes your brain feel sluggish. Like, those of us who have the misfortune of needing to wear glasses, think of it this way: You go outside and immediately your glasses fog up from the disgustingly sticky heat. It’s that hot out. Steve Rogers has the misfortune to be having hot flashes in this disgusting heat. “Is that the coldest the AC can get?” Steve whines out in the direction of Doctor Erskine from where he’s slumped over the dining room table. “It is, in fact,” Doc answers him. “It feels like a sauna in here,” Steve continues to complain. “No – Like a sauna within Satan’s asscrack.” “How eloquent of you,” Doc replies dryly. Steve opens one eye. His glasses are askew from his face being smushed against the table’s surface, so he can’t see Doc very well. They also need cleaning. Huh. Maybe he should step outside for a second… “This house is a sauna from Hell,” Steve reiterates. “It’s not the house, it’s you,” Doc tells him, turning a page in his newspaper. Steve groans again. He pushes himself off the table, then stands up and winces at the cramping in his gut. He hugs his middle and stumbles into the living room, then falls onto the sofa and curls up into a ball. Doc folds his newspaper in half and looks down at him over the tops of his reading glasses. “Do you need a hot water bottle?” “Ha, ha,” Steve whispers hoarsely. “Could use some Pamprin. Midol. Something.” Doc lifts out of his chair, pushing up from the arms of the armchair and pausing to let his knees and spine pop before heading for the kitchen. Steve mumbles an inaudible thanks when Doc returns with a glass of water and two slim, purple pills. Steve takes them, throws them back, and gulps the water until it’s gone. Doc pats his head, then returns to his armchair. Steve curls back up on the sofa. He tugs off his glasses because they’re dirty and they’re giving him a headache, then rolls over to face the sofa cushions and shut his eyes. He breathes through his mouth, feeling like the sticky June heat is invading his living room. Doc continues to read the newspaper. There’s an old-fashioned radio in the corner playing quiet jazz music. Steve zones out listening to Doc turning the pages of his paper and the occasional commercials in between the sax solos. He’s generally miserable, otherwise. He’s been having hot flashes on and off for the past three weeks, ever since he stopped taking heat suppressants. Now he’s both nesting and having PMS like a bitch and has he mentioned that he’s miserable? He’s been staying home from work since the hot flashes left him reeking like pre-heat pheromones even though he’s still nesting; considering his job is technically hugging PTSD-ridden vets until they’re drooling and napping on his shoulder, he can’t compromise himself or the VA by accidentally sending a roomful of Alphas who are already at risk into rut. So he’s bored and stir-crazy, restless, boiling over every five minutes only to start freezing immediately after, and  nesting.  “Remember this is for your own good,” Doc says at some point after Steve’s curled up into a tiny ball and tried to slither between the couch cushions like the quivering Jell-O he feels like. “Remind me,” Steve says bitterly. Doc sighs heavily. Steve thinks he sounds like a big, bright yellow balloon filling ever so slowly, only to reveal that instead of a smiley face printed on its surface, there is a big depressing frown. “The suppressants you were taking were driving you into early menopause,” Doc tells him again in an indulging manner. “Which would be ten times worse than what you’re going through  now,  my boy.” “Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,” Steve groans yet again, as he has in reply every time Doc reminds him why he had to stop taking suppressants. “You should feel lucky we caught it when we did,” Doc adds; his newspaper ruffles and Steve pictures him flicking it upright again to continue reading. “Any later, you could have had problems with fertility the rest of your life.” “Ew,” Steve mutters. “Don’t talk to me about fertility, Doc.” “As your doctor and guardian,” Doc answers in another dry tone, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
look at me using platonic tags
Rebecca Barnes Proctor & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Rebecca Barnes Proctor
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
sprinkled with other ships

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Mutual Pining
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Mpreg
BDSM
Master/Pet
Boot Worship
Humiliation
Cock Slut
Collars
Praise Kink
Pregnancy Kink
Unplanned Pregnancy
Condoms
Alcohol
Halloween
Mildly Dubious Consent
bc drinking
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Oblivious Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Artist Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Everyone Needs A Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Rebecca Barnes Is a Good Bro
BAMF Peggy Carter
Steve Rogers is the Mom Friend
Bruce Banner is a shrink
Light Angst
Fluff
Smut
Memes
Vine/Meme Reference Scavenger Hunt
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Steve's method of flirting: Eating white liquids while making direct eye contact
Bucky's method of flirting: Fleeing
Bucky's method of conflict resolution: also Fleeing
Bucky Barnes Is So Done
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Christmas
Cuddling & Snuggling
Come Eating
my tags are a mess don't judge
Cards Against Humanity
Feminization
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
the slowest of slow burns
glaciers move faster than these idiots
im serious
death by slow burn
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
look at me using platonic tags
Rebecca Barnes Proctor & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Rebecca Barnes Proctor
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
sprinkled with other ships

