Chapter 1: Sleeper
    




Chapter Text

“Eddie.”
“Hm?” Eddie didn't budge from the bananas he was currently slicing for the kids, if it were up to Venom they'd eat nothing but junk for every meal.He felt Venom pull from his body and materialize in full stature next to him making him turn his head.“What is it, love?”
“We are going to spawn again, Eddie.”
The knife slipped out of his hand and clattered to the floor and Eddie was quiet for a long time. It hadn't crossed his mind but it made sense now that he was thinking about it. When the right conditions were met- a safe environment, plenty of food, a strong host- a symbiote could spawn. The last time they spawned naturally was with Carnage seven years ago. Venom explained to him then that once the spawn existed they were able to copy his genetic code and imprint the genetic material into the new spawn effectively making it half-human if he wanted them to. That had been a Hell of a conversation. The Klyntar reproductive process had nothing to do with sex which was probably good in their case.“We're having another baby?”
“You sound exasperated about that.” Their eyes narrowed.

"But yes...If you want another."
“Exasperated? Ven! I'm elated! Yes! Yes, of course I want another!” Venom extended a mess of tendrils towards him and pulled him in tightly, briefly knocking the breath out of his lungs.
“I love you, Eddie.”
He let himself feel the secure enveloping warmth of his symbiote until he heard giggling above his head. The two of them looked up to the ceiling where a purple splat and a yellow and red splat were snickering at them.“What are you girls doing up there?” Eddie asked the giggling goo on the ceiling.“Nothing daddy!” Agony stated.“Yeah, nothing daddy.” Scream agreed.They dropped to the floor and took their humanoid forms. They stared expectantly with wide white eyes, their features like Venom's but slightly softer and more childlike, they still had their parent’s same sharp claws and fangs though.“What are you talking about?” Agony inquired.“You're going to have a new little brother or sister soon.” Eddie explained.“When?” Scream asked.Eddie looked over his shoulder at Venom who now was now clung to his back.“Two months. Maybe three.” They answered.“Two months, maybe three.” He parroted back to his two daughters.Scream nodded thoughtfully before Agony shouted “I'm gonna go tell Phage!” and ran off dragging her sister with her.“Good, the news will spread.” Venom said making Eddie snort. The weeks passed steadily and he got a pretty good baby bump. The morning sickness this time around was hellish and his back always ached. By the end of the second week Eddie had just resigned himself to waking up everyday with his face in a trashcan and always having to pee. But he did have to admit it was a pretty exhilarating feeling for the two of them to feel their baby move together at the the same time. Well, it was exciting the first few times but now the kid had gotten into the habit of kicking him like crazy. Oh yeah, and the raging hormones made him super horny which for the most part they took advantage of because they weren't going to have the time or the energy after this baby came.“V, I need you.” Eddie stated pushing his laptop away and lifting himself further onto the propped up pillows against the headboard.“Need you too, Eddie.” Venom replied.“No, I mean I need you.” He murmured.The kids were at school right now and he didn't even get his pants unbuttoned before he was being pushed down onto the bed and having his clothes removed by his other's suddenly materialized muscle-bound full body. He knew that even after all this time there should be something in his primal brain telling him he should be terrified and trying to escape a massive alien apex predator hovering over him to protect himself and his baby but it was V and there was no room left for fear between them. He was never scared."C'mere V." He mumbled pulling them close.

Adding to his itching anticipation they started with lazily, slowly making out, relaxed and perfect but he needed more."C'mon baby." He breathed out.Venom moved lower and their long, hot tongue licked and wrapped around his shaft and sensitive head making him shudder. As they did they also moved some attention to his tight ringed entrance. Eddie groped at the expanse of their chest as his breath started coming heavier.“Hah, hah...Need you now, Venom. Stop teasing me.”Venom obliged their love by manifesting a familiar appendage of human genitalia the size of which had once been described by Eddie as absurd. Key word being once. Their intimidating hands gliding behind him to cup his ass, as more black tendrils started messaging his balls and sliding under him to start spreading him apart and opening him up. They pressed their cock against his hole for a moment before pushing past his rim and deep into him in one fluid motion making Eddie gasp and moan, adjusting to the size. As he shifted to accommodate it they circled a sharp 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Domestic
Alternate Universe
Family
Symbabies
Fluff
they/them pronouns for venom
baby symbiotes
Eddie and V are good parents
Smut
They/Them pronouns for Carnage
Kid Fic
Mpreg
just so much fluff

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

