Work Text:
That first time, they're at a bar and Eddie is nursing a warm beer."I hate beer," Venom says."I know," Eddie says. "But I like it. We talked about this, remember? It's called compromising."He talks into his beer with his head down. He's trying to get better at being inconspicuous in public while talking to Venom, otherwise people are going to start thinking he's absolutely lost it, which might actually be true. But they don't need to know that. Luckily, the bartender is distracted, and most everyone is drunk, or otherwise engaged, the bar smoky and dully lit."Fine," Venom says, and launches into a very graphic description about how they're going to eat an entire cow later.Eddie is so distracted by just how much Venom knows about bovine anatomy that he doesn't notice the woman until she's right next to him. Venom goes quiet so abruptly that Eddie suddenly feels the world is too loud."Hi there," the woman says, and smiles.Eddie realizes immediately that she's attracted to him, wants to hit on him, and is flattered. Flattered, but uninterested, for a variety of reasons. He barely gets the chance to even think that before he feels a quick heat in him, not desire but something else, something odd and dangerous. It flares and then is gone, like the spark of a lighter. Eddie presses his fist to his stomach."I want to eat now," Venom says, suddenly vocal again.The woman is looking at him and Eddie realizes that he hasn't said anything to her."Sorry," he says to the woman. "I was just on my way out."He pulls cash from his wallet and leaves it on the bar top, feels Venom moving his legs faster to get them out, out into the night.--They haven't talked about the kiss. They might never talk about the kiss. The one with Venom's tongue down his throat. In the forest. When he grabbed Eddie close and swam down Eddie's body through his mouth, literally breathed his way into him. Eddie felt like his own body had reached for Venom, tried to hold on, and he wanted all of it before he even knew who was underneath.That kiss.Instead they do other things, like argue about what they're going to eat when they're not eating bad people. Or pretend like they aren't still bonded around Anne. It's been almost two months, and they have a routine now, kind of like roommates. Or partners, is what Mrs. Chen says. She's the only person who knows. Eddie and Venom stop into her store a few nights a week to pick food up and check in on her, though she hasn't been bothered since they ate the gang member who'd been extorting money from her.Eddie pushes the door to her shop open, hears the familiar ting of the bell, and lets Venom walk them to the frozen foods section."Eddie," Mrs. Chen says. "How's your parasite?""He's good."
"Tell her I'm not a parasite."
"He says hello."
"Eddie." 
Eddie opens the freezer door."This is the last time we're getting tots, man, my arteries are going to clog.""I won't let that happen," Venom says.Eddie adjusts his grip on the freezer door. Venom is good about staying out of his thoughts now, but sometimes Eddie wishes he could get into his. He isn't very good at talking about his feelings. Or anyone's feelings. Eddie grabs the bag of frozen tater tots from the freezer. Then a pre-packaged sandwich for himself. Mrs. Chen rings them up and is delighted when it's Venom who hands her the money after having yanked Eddie's wallet from his back pocket. He forms a little hand and Mrs. Chen takes the cash. Then she deposits the change into it. Venom sinks back into Eddie, wallet in place."Bye, Venom," Mrs. Chen says. "Be good to him, Eddie.""Me?" Eddie says. "He's living in my body.""That's what I mean," she says, and slams the register shut.Later into the night, Eddie is working on his laptop and Venom tells him that it's time for bed."It's barely two am. Also, I'm trying to investigate this guy and his buddies for sex trafficking. I'm trying to feed your hungry ass.""But you are tired," Venom says.Eddie hears Venom attach himself to the bed and grabs hold of the coffee table uselessly."No," he says. "Dammit, Venom, just give me ten more minutes—"Venom yanks them back onto the bed and Eddie's body bounces a few times, then stills. They do this sometimes, have this fight when Eddie stays up too late, and it always ends with Venom forcing him into bed. Eddie's never going to win the fight, he knows, but he still likes putting one up. Venom stretches out of his body now and looks down at him."You're going to sleep now," he says.He's so close to him, Eddie thinks, that if either one of them moved the slightest bit they'd be kissing. If they wanted that. Eddie exhales."At least shut the light off, asshole."The room switches into darkness and Eddie thinks that there's probably no reason to talk about the kiss.--The second time, they're on the streetcar, headed down Market Street. Eddie is on his way to meet Anne and Dan. He continues to do this for reasons he doesn't quite understand, because it's never not a little bit aw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Possessive Sex

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

