Chapter 1: Bare Your Teeth
    




Chapter Text
Venom’s self-control is getting better. He’s content to wait, occasionally grumbling- food Eddie- as Eddie chops the potatoes. Steak, mash, and a salad; it’s nice to have the money to cook again- and a symbiote willing to wait.“You’ll like this one.” Eddie murmurs, checking on the sauce. Dark chocolate, fresh red chili and red wine to render down. Venom pushes free from his shoulder, Eddie can feel him drool. “Don’t mess up my hoodie.” He prods Venom with the spatula. Venom bites it, and doesn’t let go until he’s licked it clean. Hrrrmmm. A purr of pleasure, deep inside Eddie’s ribcage.Eddie examines the spatula. There’s a neat semi-circle of small holes in the plastic. He shakes his head, puts it aside, and goes back to the potatoes-“Ow!” A sharp line of red along one finger. A stupid mistake. “This is all your fault.”Venom peers down from their shoulder, then flows down in a sleek black wave, washing over their finger like the tide, then drawing back, leaving it unmarked. The skin is pink and smooth as it hasn’t been for years. Eddie pauses, and looks over his hand. He’s had scars there pretty much for as long as he could remember, from cooking, childhood adventures, fights-
-stop being such a tomboy, Lizzy-
Eddie shoves the thought away, as far as he can. The shadow of a punch, somewhere in his stomach. Not the first. Not the last. “You did that?” It’s a bit too loud, drowning out the echoes.“…yes.” Venom emerges from his upper arm, probably wondering what all the noise in their shared head is about. “Did you like it, Eddie? I can put them back.”Eddie clenches their hand, relaxes it, he’d never realized how the scar tissue had slightly restricted the motion in his hand until it was gone. “No, it’s fine Vee.” He hesitates. He doesn’t want to say it, but if Venom decides to be even more helpful-We won’t, Venom must have felt his shock of horror at the thought. We won’t do anything. What is it we don’t want us to do?Eddie presses his hand to his chest, the flat double scars curving across each pectoral. He doesn’t want to say it. He’s been so fucking grateful that Venom’s never asked, has always just- accepted Eddie, without question.We won’t take them away. Venom still sounds lost. They are ours.“S’not the scars.” Eddie grits it out. “Just- what used to be there.”“But there isn't anything missing.” Venom emerges again, nuzzling his cheek.”We are fine, Eddie, nothing needs to be there.”It’s like- air being let out of a balloon. Such an enormous wave of relief that he nearly drops the knife, half wonders if he’s going to melt into a puddle on the floor, like a symbiote himself.“No.” Venom presses closer. “We can’t do that. Was it a cancer, Eddie? We saw that on TV.”“You need to stop watching House.” Eddie is smiling. He can’t quite stop. God, he loves Venom. Loves him so much.Venom must feel that, because a pair of arms push free from their sides, cross over their chest in a warm, lingering hug. Love. Venom purrs inside him, somewhere under his breastbone. Love love love Eddie.And dear fucking god that feels good. As good as – better than- it was with Annie. Because Annie was never in here, with him, there was always this barrier- no matter how close they got- of two layers of skin and muscle and bone and assorted organs between them. And-Well. And.And the little double takes Annie sometimes did, it got better over the years but they were still there. Even up until the end, and Eddie always hoped this would be the last time. That flicker behind her eyes, trying to place him, the little niggling rabbit punches from even those who were closest of all, the reminder he would never be quite right. Quite normal. Quite what he knew he was, inside.All the parts that were there, that shouldn’t be there, that should be there and were not. All that, reflected in Annie’s eyes.She hurt you.“She didn’t mean to.” Eddie strokes the great clawed hands clasped over their chest. “Just- how she grew up, I guess.”She thought you were a girl.And fuck, but that fucking hurts. “Not all the time.” He turns back to his cooking, turns off the heat under the sauce before it burns. "Not even that often." The world is vaguely swimming at the corners. It hurts. A reminder of all the places left bruised from the kicks and punches of the world.
It was stupid. Why did she think that? You aren’t a girl.
Well. That felt a bit better. Eddie manages a smile. “I- kinda was. I used to be, anyway, people thought I was.” Words. Punches, raining down one after the other.You are not. He feels Venom presses up against their liver, their heart, snakes up their spine and nuzzles their brainstem. They are blind, and stupid. I have been in Maria, and Annie. You feel different, different here- a brush against the frontal lobe, and here- a kiss deep inside their shared brain.Eddie closes his eyes. “Yeah, but-“ he doesn’t want to say it. My body is different.“Yes,” Venom whispers in his ear. “You are. Your liver
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Caretaking
Body Modification
Body Dysphoria
Trans Male Character
Trans Eddie Brock
Transphobia
Venom is a sweetheart
Transphobes will get their genitals bitten off
Slurs
Anal Sex
Tentacle Sex
Tongues
Symbiote Cock
Multiple Orgasms
Vaginal Sex
abusive families
Abusive Parents
Politics
Gender Issues
Original Character(s)
Symbiote Surgery
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Homophobia
Terrorists
Cannibalism
Female terms for sex parts

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

