Work Text:

 We are one, Eddie.. We want the same things. 

You sure about that, buddy? Because I’m not the one who wants to eat people's heads. Or livers. Or pancreas.
Sometimes we only want the pituitary, Eddie. Or a nice hamstring. Venom curled around his neck like a warm, horror-movie, winter scarf and peered into Mrs. Chen's freezer displays with borderline-pornographic interest. Sometimes we just want chooooocolate.You always want chocolate. Eddie picked up a gallon of Haagen-Dazs' Double Chocolate anyway. It was nice, having a salary and a job, Eddie had almost forgotten.And tater-tots? Venom piped up hopefully. Eddie could feel soft, dark tendrils winding in between his fingers, squeezing his palm, like a little kid tugging an exasperated parent to the Bad Food section of the store, and almost laughed, before relenting. Venom wriggled happily around his neck, and Eddie felt the soft, wet lick of his tongue just below his chin, reached out to stroke the top of his head, feeling Venom's hum deep in his chest, radiating over his heart and throbbing in his stomach.
You and me against the world, huh?
You and me, Venom sighed back happily, and let Mrs. Chen scritch the top of his head after she's tossed in an extra packet of Reese's into the bag.
 --- 
  Chocolate, Eddie discovers, does interesting things to their system.It makes us feel gooooood, Eddie, Venom whispers in his ear.The empty Mars bar wrapper is balled up in Eddie's fist, and really, a Mars bar should not be what instigates a sexual crisis, except hey, one time Eddie jumped into a lobster tank in a posh restaurant because Venom so maybe this is just his life now, a series of random, bizarre, life-altering escapades that'll fuck him up in permanent, unrecognizable ways.Don't you want to feel good, Eddie? Venom almost sounds disappointed, but that’s a lie. Eddie can tell, because there's something hot and wet curling around his dick, not moving, not squeezing, just steady and unbearable and there.
You have to--move. 
No, Venom purrs. I don't. You don't want me to.The alleyway they're in is dark, quiet, filled with warm, good smells from the bakery ovens next door, and Eddie's pinned to the wall, dark, sticky tendrils anchoring his wrist and his ankles and his throat--
I can't- I can't breathe--

 You don't want to. You can't lie to me, Eddie. This is what you want. 
Dark, slithering strands, tightening around his throat, and there are dark spots dancing in his vision, mouth gaping, working soundlessly, his cock's starting to strain against the cold, sharp metal zipper of his jeans, and, and, something sticky and burning hot, working at his ass, slithering inside-
V...

 I am always inside you, Eddie.  
Not like this! Eddie protests wildly, and as if in response, the pressure widens, hardens, stretching him open, and oh, fuck, that's- yeah-Hurts, he cries softly, but his body's giving him away, hips bucking into the hard, relentless pressure, into the tight, perfect fuckhole around his cock-Does it, Venom whispers back, and V knows it does, but he doesn't care, because Eddie doesn't care, he wants it, needs it, feels the trembling stretch through his spine, in his bones, at the back of his skull and in the corners of his eyes, fucking himself slowly on the hot, blunt pressure, dragging in punishing, heavy strokes around his cock, in his ass-
 You want to come. 

Y-yeah. V, fuck, baby, come on, you gotta m-move-
You can come like this, Venom whispers back. Can't you, Eddie? 
N-n-no...
Venom laughs in his mind, and drifts out, to look him in the eye. His mouth comes level with Eddie's ear, and he whispers, Liar, right before his clothes are ripping off his body, and Venom's sinking deep against his skin, into him, against him, surrounding, choking, a startling, blinding pain in his shoulder, and Eddie can't scream, not with he collar around his throat- the collar-
 Like a bitch, yes, yes, isn't that what you want, Eddie? My perfect cockslut, my bitch, you're mine, look at you, panting for it, panting for my cock inside you, fucking your tight hole on my cock like a whore- 
Venom pulls back, his teeth dripping with blood, Eddie's blood, sharp-white-hot pain searing, clawing, and Eddie's screaming, screaming, it hurts, it hurts- blood gushes from the wound, pours down his chest, warm, wet, down his arms, dripping from his fingertips onto the pavement below, and Venom's still fucking him, harder now, quicker, a pounding, pistoling that drags against his soft, battered hole, sending painful shocks through his body, thin black tendrils sinking into his cock, around his balls, squeezing-The blood's dripping past his hips now, down his naked thighs, smearing around the base of his cock, and Eddie looks down at himself through a dream-like haze, at his shredded clothes, his cock jutting out, furiously red, pathetically spurting milky come and almost entirely eclipsed in pulsing black strands, his balls tight, filled, aching for a release that Venom won't 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff and Smut
Food Porn
Kinda but not really
Verbal Humiliation
Blood Kink
Bondage
Dirty Talk
Painplay
Possessive Behavior
look it's all perfectly consensual i promise
he's just a parasite in love
Mildly Dubious Consent
Mild Gore

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

