Work Text:
“Peter, can you stay for a moment?” Ms Warren calls out as students start rushing out of the class, and Peter shoots Ned a nervous look, his mind immediately reeling. Had he done something wrong recently? He doesn’t think so. He hadn’t been absent from any classes for two weeks now, had only been late a few minutes like three times, and his physics assignment had been overdue only a day. He’d apologised for that!
Ned gives him a questioning look, and Peter shrugs helplessly.
“I’ll wait for you at your locker,” Ned says quietly, patting Peter on the arm before leaving the classroom.
When Peter steps up to the teacher’s desk, Ms Warren smiles at him, and so he feels himself relax a little.
“So, Peter, I have heard claims about you having an internship at Stark Industries,” she starts, and folds her hands on the desk, “and I wanted to ask you if that’s really true. If it isn’t, you don’t have to lie to me, just be honest.”
Peter nods, slightly confused as to why his teacher would ask, and just slightly hurt that even  she is doubting Peter’s truthfulness (although, logically, of course Peter knows that a 16-year-old claiming to intern at one of the world’s largest companies doesn’t exactly scream believable).
“I do intern there, it’s not a lie. I have papers to prove it and everything, I’m on record,” he rushes to assure, fidgeting with the straps of his backpack and feeling even more confused when Ms Warren raises a calming hand.
“Hey, relax, I believe you,” she smiles, stopping Peter, “I was hoping that’d be the case.”
Warren makes a little pause, looking at Peter thoughtfully.
“You know, we still have a field trip to go on with your science class. I’ve been looking into different options, but Stark Industries is undeniably one of the best learning experiences you lot could have. But it’s not easy to get a tour there on such a short notice. I was just thinking, if it’s not too much trouble, maybe you could ask around? If you can’t or don’t want to, that’s fine, but I figured asking wouldn’t hurt, right?”
Of all the possible scenarios, this was  not  what Peter expected, so he gapes for about three seconds before realizing that Ms Warren is expecting an answer.
“Oh, uh,” Peter stammers awkwardly, eyes wide as golf balls, “I mean, I can’t promise anything, but sure, I can ask someone if there’s any chance something could be arranged.”
Ms Warren gives him a wide smile.
 
Peter isn’t worried because he thinks Tony won’t say yes, he’s worried because he’s sure Tony will. And he’s not sure how he feels about having his entire class waltzing around the place where he spends practically more time than in his own home, where he has his own room, and where he regularly eats Lucky Charms with one of the most influential men in the country, in his pajamas. Not that they’d ever know any of that. Tour groups don’t go to the living quarters of the Tower anyways, they hardly ever go past the 50th floor, Peter knows that. And it isn’t fair to his class if he doesn’t ask just because he…spends a lot of time there?
Yeah, Peter sighs, he has to ask. He promised, anyways.
 
Peter’s not exactly sure how he should approach the topic but he hopes he’ll figure it out on the go.
“Hey, Mr Stark?” he says the next evening, when Tony is elbow-deep in a mess of bolts and screws and wires, and Peter’s decided he’s fiddled with his web-shooters enough for now. The release mechanism is still a bit wonky because he just reassembled it, but he can fix it later.
Tony looks over to him, a smear of motor oil on his cheek and a glint in his eyes.
“What did you do this time, Spiderling?”
“What? Nothing! Why would you think I did something?” Peter defensively exclaims, forgetting his field trip troubles for a moment. Tony straightens his back, pulling his arm out of the machinery and rests his hands on his hips. His hands are stained with black, and Peter is sure they’re smearing the shirt Tony’s wearing, but Tony has never cared about getting his clothes dirty in the lab. The smell of motor oil has become one of the core things that Peter associates with Tony Stark, faint traces of it seem to be along with him even when he’s in snazzy suits that have never even seen the substance, wearing fancy cologne that probably costs more than anything Peter owns combined (that Tony hasn’t bought him). It’s a part of him. The smell of motor oil relaxes Peter.
“You haven’t called me Mr Stark in months, kiddo. We’re like, way past that. I can only assume you’re in trouble somehow.”
“Oh, no, I’m good. This is just a Mr Stark question, not a Tony question,” Peter laughs, and the uncertainty he felt has subsided remarkably. Tony leans on the table in front of him and the corner of his mouth twitches.
“Oh? We’re talking business now, are we? Alright, shoot.”
“Something like that. And you don’t have to say yes! It’s just, um, my class is yet to go on a field trip this year, and my science teacher knows I’m an intern at SI so I kind of, uh, promised her tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Father-Son Relationship
Bullying
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Precious Peter Parker
Field Trip
field trip to stark industries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Found Family
a field trip fic in which pete isnt Panicky but not thrilled either
NOW WITH ADDED ENDING NOTES
just a little fun extra dialogue

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

