Chapter 1: fought and died and lived and cried.
    




Chapter Text
 The world stopped, if only for moment, when Tony Stark left, all eyes, all cameras following that flying doughnut into the sky. It stops again when he comes back. It’s something to behold, it really is, and cameras do not truly capture the pure, unworldly beauty of it. They burst through the atmosphere, streaking across the sky like shooting stars. There are dozens and dozens of ships. Big and small, personal crafts and huge battleships from all corners of the universe, indicated in flags, in alien words and symbols painted along the sides. In the center of it all the Milano, a bit dinged up and somewhat worse for wear, but with a replaced wing, tech obviously upgraded and replaced. The ships stop at the place it all began, New York. People point and scream, clutching children close to them while the government gears up for a fight. But the ships do not engage, only hover there, impassive and watching. Then, one by one, they leave, speeding off towards the stars. There is no warning, no purpose, just a strange, intuitive system with no seen signals. One of the last to leave, a Death-Star sized warship releases something like fireworks. What’s left of SHIELD is ready to fire, but something stops them — curiosity, perhaps? More of the remaining ships shoot the Colors as well, until the sky is covered with sparkling, blooming fireworks like flowers. Once the crackling explosives fade the smaller ships disappear along with the larger one. They have heard of the Ravagers from Rocket, they have heard of the Colors, but it is not the same second-hand. This is so much more vivid, so much more...other-worldly. It's a funeral rite. Who has died, who are they honouring? (Tony Stark himself, they learn. They are honouring him, all that he has done, all the pain he has gone though, the people he has changed and the places he has been, he in a way has died and been reborn. They are honouring the end of his old life and the start of a new one.) The rest of the vessels bob, seemingly in recognition or goodbye, leaving quickly after that. One skips towards the Milano, sniffing goodbye like a puppy. Satellites and drones capture hands pressed against the windshield of each, one undoubtedly humanoid, and the other more like a tentacle, green and purple. Then it's just the garishly striped orange-and-blue Milano, still with it's design and paint job, hovering above the New York harbour. Just as they are ready with the megaphone, about to demand what they are doing here, the little ship zooms up to the city. It lands by the docks, the door sliding open and a ramp extending without prompt. The police, FBI, CIA, every government agency known to man and quite a few not, gather around, ready with assault rifles and soldiers in battle gear. With them is Rocket, trembling with excitement and trepidation. The press is there too, no matter how much shooing the government does, journalists are stubborn little things and buzzing around the scoop like flies to a carcass. The government is more concerned with the ship than a few wannabe-reporters, but they still shoo a few away. When the doors open Rocket jumps forward, only to be pulled back by a nameless agent. There’s a few moments without any movement, and then someone is stepping out. Her gait is unusual, graceful, loping but with a cutthroat edge, clunky and robotic that slows her down. She’s vaguely humanoid in shape and design, pieces of blue and purple metal slotted together to make up her body. One eye rotates in it's socket, a big black iris fringed with long eyelashes like a deer's blinking out at them. She grins, slow and almost savage, and Rocket leans forward, “I know her!” he yells, voice gruff with emotion — of what type, not sure. Nebula sees him and smiles again, this time smaller and sombre, more of a funeral smile than a reunion one, as if she's sorry for something. Rocket doesn't notice, fully expecting his teammates to saunter out behind her. Nebula laughs, high and slightly mechanical. “You can come out now, Stark,” she calls, looking back into the depths of the ship. The soldiers stiffen, Stark? He’s dead, he has to be… it's been so long with no contact... he can't be alive....right? But a laugh bleeds out from the interior, known from so many press conferences and interviews and shouted comments on the street that it’s unable to be unrecognisable. And he comes, walking off the ramp with that smile on his face and favouring his right side. “I wanted to make a big entrance,” he pouts petulantly, acting the same as ever, but there's something...alien in his tone, something not entirely earth-like. It’s muddled his classic New York accent, twisted it into something that should be familiar, but isn't. She motions towards the jaw-dropped soldiers, to the paparazzi snapping shots once they get over their surprise, “I think you did.” He smiles again, this time slightly wobbly and nervous — like he can’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nebula & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Tea
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Loki
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
Changed Tony Stark
Space opera AU
Kinda
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Nebula (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Nebula & Tony Stark Friendship
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
After Titan
Everyone Loves Tony Stark
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Civil War Team Iron Man
Anti Team Cap
Cap bashing
Team Cap bashing
but it's mild i swear
Ravagers - Freeform

fandom: 
Nebula & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Tea
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Loki
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

