Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  

Captain America is suffering from PTSD, depression, and suicidal tendencies. It is my belief that SHIELD has been deliberately isolating him in order to encourage his mental strain and keep him as a thoughtless pawn. Both his apartment and furniture encourage uniformity and conformity, his schedule is structured so he is always on call and available at a moment’s notice, his duty to SHIELD never far from his thoughts, and he has been encouraged through exposure to spend time with STRIKE.  - Agent James Barnes, July 25 2015


  Lessons in Normality  

      
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there listening to Senator Seisling talk.  It was rude to look at his watch, yet alone pull out his cell phone to see if he could beat a level of Jewel Legend within five lives.  There wasn’t anyone who would save him from political talk, and Seisling could talk his ear off.  All the words sounded off to him.  He was having trouble adapting his New Democratic and Socialist leanings to the current political reality, and everyone seemed to crave his approval.He couldn’t give it.  He’d fought and died for America, but in the 70 years since the country had gone in a direction he was having trouble reconciling with the reason he went to war.  He was supposed to give it time, and he didn’t disagree with that observation, since there were already a handful of things he could stand up for and say ‘this. This is America’ – and the rest? Well, Steve was making it a point of educating himself so he wasn’t approaching conversations from the perspective of a relic.He’d gotten good at wording observations like he was giving faint praise without committing to anything.  ‘It’s certainly a more twenty-first century viewpoint than the one I grew up with’ was his favorite to use when he couldn’t think of anything better to say.No one had ever noticed that it might be an insult.His eyes scanned the room as he nodded to a point he didn’t hate to agree with, feeling exhausted from it all.  He practically lived at SHIELD headquarters, and Senator Pierce always seemed to be holding some kind of fundraiser or campaigning in the penthouse.  It was all just so….Steve paused in a way that would be noticeable to anyone who knew him -- Peggy definitely would have laughed at him for it -- when he saw the man with the brown hair and sharp suit across the room.  Steve looked away immediately and excused himself from the conversation with Seisling, feigning a need for a drink.He circled around the room towards the bar, and couldn’t help but keep glancing towards the man.  He should look like any other person at this party, rich and boring, but there was something about him that kept drawing Steve’s eye back.  It wasn’t just that he was gorgeous.And he was.  Fuck.But there was more to it than that.  Steve met gorgeous people all the time, and none of them gave him a sharp jolt of interest, the kind that was curiosity and a precursor to arousal.  There was a confidence in the man’s stance that was at odds with the self-effacing laugh he let out to a comment.  His hair was styled and his hands looked manicured, but he gave off the same air as someone ready for an opportunity to escape that Steve did.Their eyes met, partially because Steve was barely being subtle from all the glances he shot across the room, and partially because everyone’s eyes eventually got drawn to Steve as a recognizable ‘celebrity’.(cue eye roll)The attractive guy grinned at him, polite, dismissive.Steve considered his glass of scotch before trying a taste.  The expensive alcohol was wasted on him, but eventually he’d been dragged to enough of these parties that he’d started ordering it out of pettiness. It made him feel slightly more in control of the spiral of his life when no one told him he couldn’t order a good scotch.  He wasn’t the entertainment, he was a guest, even if he’d rather be doing anything else.He turned back around and almost ran into the attractive guy.  Steve hadn’t heard him approach, but he might have been a little lost in sad thoughts about how he managed to get the attention of every pompous windbag in a 3-block radius but couldn’t lock eyes with a cute man across a room for any length of time.“Hi,” the man said, grinning at him as his hand came up to help steady Steve’s drink.  “Sorry, sorry. I’m told I walk too quiet for my big feet.  I didn’t mean to surprise you, especially since it could have ended very badly for me,” he said, quirking his eyebrow towards Steve’s drink.Steve opened his mouth to answer and then had a moment where he actually saw the opportunity to flirt.  It wasn’t often that he saw it until after, and he jumped on it. “I’ve been known to knock people completely off their feet.  But don’t worry, I would have caught you.”The man laughed.  “Be careful.  I might take you up on that and invite you out for coffee."Steve found his mouth turning up at the corners.  He made it a habit to never say yes to people askin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Alternate Universe
SHIELD
Meet-Cute
honeypot au
Spies & Secret Agents
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Romance
Happy Ending
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
References to Depression
Recovery
Action/Adventure
Assassins & Hitmen
Identity Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

