Chapter 1: The Fire
    




Chapter Text
“So, Spider Man hasn’t signed the accords?”“No”“Even though he fought in Germany.”“No, and I’ve gotten insight of Tony Stark was working with him”“But we can’t just take a kid.”“I know, but we can work around that.”“ I can make some adjustments.”“Does anyone know who he is.”“Only his friend. I think his name was Ted or something.”Is he a threat?.”“No.”“Good. We’ll go in on Friday. It will help spread the word that mutants need to be stopped”                                                                           - “I know you sneak away from this house every night. I know you’ve been skipping school. I know you quit robotics. What is it? What is it Peter?”Peter tried to speak, but May cut him off again. “I don’t care about any excuses. I’m working a double shift and when I come home tomorrow night, you better be here working. Am I clear?”Ever since homecoming, Peter had become more distant. He hasn’t told anyone about what had happened. Ned had stopped asking a while back. He started becoming more reckless, his homemade suit being hand sewn and becoming dirtier. He needed to blow off steam, so he decided to go on patrol.Perfect timing too. After about 10 minutes of swinging around he saw multiple fire trucks heading East. Being the reckless spider he is, Peter went into the collapsing building. He learned the hard way the first that cloth doesn’t filter out smoke. He still hasn’t put a filter in his suit. He should do that. “Hey, is anyone in here” Peter called, swinging throughout each floor yelling for anyone until he reached the basement. ‘Spiderman also saves cats’ he thought as he grabs the hissing cat and comes back onto the street. He didn’t even realize the small dart it his arm. The smoke smoke inhalation was starting to get to Peter because he swung onto the rooftop of his building and collapsed. Coughing violently, Peter made his way to his apartment grabbing some water and closing on his bed, which was a mistake. Peter has dealt with fires way worse and he knows he just needs to sleep it off. Besides tomorrow was Friday and he could go out and help all weekend. The city could stay safe for one night.  Or maybe not… And Peter still feels like something’s poking into his arms.  Probably nothing.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Ben Parker & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt Peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Clint Barton
tagging is easier on a computer
Kid Peter Parker
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
im sorry
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
the Avengers are not happy
car crash
peter looses his spidey sense
But not forever
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Teen Peter Parker
Electrocution
Sensory Deprivation
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Sokovia Accords
Prison
i can't think of any more tags

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Ben Parker & Peter Parker

