Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Venom notices it on probably week three. And he doesn’t say anything then because, frankly, he assumes it’s cancer.

Cancer is something that seems to just happen. Kind of an alien concept to a symbiote, but not hard to understand. Extra cells that serve no purpose. In his first host he assumed it was normal, some organ that had to grow in late. By the time he got to Eddie he had enough human knowledge. It was what Carlton Drake was trying to cure. It was a pursuit, for humans, the elimination of these rogue cells. A tiny cluster might grow slowly or fast, but sooner or later it would encroach on Eddie’s organs and render them nonfunctional.

He doesn’t say anything when he notices because it will probably upset Eddie and when he’s stressed everything tastes worse and feels prickly. The other reason is… more self-serving. Symbiotic. It’s a great word, Venom thinks. Human language (at least the one Eddie speaks) is a little ugly, a little clunky, it doubles back on itself and spits in the face of logic. But symbiote is a nice word. He makes an effort to look it up. Symbiote, or symbiont, a creature engaged in a symbiotic relationship: 
 "the living together of unlike organisms".

He doesn’t tell Eddie for the same reason he doesn’t 

do

 anything, at first. It’s because when he scouts out a cyst or tumor or something else that isn’t supposed to be there, he eats it. And he figures it won’t hurt to give it a few more weeks to get a little bigger.

Other stuff gets in the way. Venom doesn’t like to think of himself as needy, but he’s aware that he takes up a lot of Eddie’s attention. Eddie is self sufficient until he isn’t. He’s a host until he isn’t. It can be anywhere, at any time, although now that they’ve been together more than a few months, Venom likes to think that he’s better at spotting it.

They unlock the door to the apartment and Eddie chucks the newspaper in the direction of the couch. Venom waits until Eddie’s in the bathroom scrubbing dirt out from under his nails to manifest himself.

You’re upset.

“Jesus!” Eddie smacks a hand on the edge of the sink. “Don’t just pop out like that when I’m in front of a mirror. Freaks me out.”

Sorry. You’re upset.

“I’m not upset, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

We’ve been over this. I can taste your neurochemicals. You’re upset.

“Always with the fucking neurochemicals,” Eddie says. But he sits down on the lid of the toilet. It 

feels

 sad to be like this.

You can talk to me.

“Sometimes I can. Sometimes you want to eat my organs.”

Not anymore.
 Venom tries not to be hurt by this. When Eddie is sad he’s kind of unstoppable. He’s a--what’s that thing--a steamroller. On a hill. Venom climbs part-way out of him and manifests a hand to cup the bottom of Eddie’s jaw.

Talk to me, Eddie.

“I don’t know. I feel… can you feel that? Empty or something.”

I can fix that, Eddie.

“Not that kind of empty.”

Still.
 He can feel Eddie’s pulse speeding up. Blood moving downwards. But he waits for Eddie to make the first move, because it’s always better that way. It takes a moment. Eddie drums his fingers on his knee. Venom doesn’t make a move. Stays perfectly still, curled like a shield behind his lungs. Then Eddie peels off his t-shirt. He drops it beside the bath mat. And then it’s the belt, he unbuckles it. That’s all the invitation Venom needs.

They fuck in the bathroom a lot. Mostly because Eddie seems annoyed when he has to wash his bedsheets if they’ve been freshly changed. But Venom likes it in there anyways. The smell of bleach, the look of cum on the tiles. And he likes it in Eddie. In the literal and… the other sense of the term. He slides out of Eddie’s dick painfully slow, because he likes that almost-choking sound he makes when he’s driven right to the edge.

“Fuck me already,” Eddie wheezes, and Venom is more than happy to oblige. Mapping out the nerves in the human body was almost laughably easy, but there was a learning curve to 

manipulating

 them. He gauges Eddie’s enjoyment through sound, heartbeat, spasms. Riding an orgasm in the human body is--more of a rush than he can remember otherwise. And it’s made better by the way Eddie 

feels

 it, the way he staggers and Venom has to catch them, the way he melts at Venom’s touch.

It’s good. It’s good.

Your cum tastes pretty good, Eddie.

“Don’t say that.”

It’s true though.

“To you maybe. I think you have a weird sense of taste.” It does taste good. Venom’s glad he stopped leaving it around. One or two times he just spit it somewhere into Eddie’s body cavity. On one occasion he balled it in some of his cells and sort of forgot about it. Eating it is better. Neater, too. Eddie likes it when they’re neat, which Venom didn’t really get until they’d been sharing the apartment for a while. It was nicer when it was neat. Things had a place, and they could be put in it, and that was nice. Soothing. Sensible.

Eddie drags them to bed after that. He has to sleep a lot 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Anne Weying
Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Anne Weying

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bonding
Alien Biology
Xeno
xenopreg
kind of
Tentacle Sex
again kind of
not kidding about that rating
Sounding
Mpreg

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Anne Weying
Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Anne Weying

