Chapter 1





Chapter Text

1942-1944
  Bucky Barnes, time traveler extraordinaire ... That’s the giddy thought that’s running through his head as he makes his way through the portal.  His emotions are all over the place from what he’s learned and experienced in the future. Or rather, the future of that alternate dimension…  It doesn’t show outwardly, the army trained him better than that, but inside he’s kind of freaking out over the whole thing… He steps through into an open field just outside the town, only a couple hundred yards from the base he’d been held at.  Azzano being deserted seems almost too good to be true, but it’s actually one of the more believable things that’s happened to him lately.   The little camera bot that scouted his way turns to scuttle through the portal again, back to its own home.  Bucky tips his head in thanks as the lens swivels toward him one last time.  Then it’s gone.  Which is just as well, Bucky thinks.  He stays put for a few minutes, to guard this end of the portal until it closes up, making sure no one else stumbles across it. Once it winks out of existence, he goes exploring.  He finds the base trashed, but empty, with the signs of Hydra’s hasty retreat all around.  Just as he left it, then. Of course, he himself has head full of knowledge and a duffle bag full of futuristic weapons, so not  everything is just as it was…   He’d only barely began to get a grasp on the limits of his new enhancements in the week he was gone, but thankfully he has no cause to use them as he clears the base.  It’s obvious there was a battle here and that it didn’t go Hydra’s way. On one hand he’s supremely grateful that his unit seems to have made it out of their cells, likely following Steve if what he learned in the future holds true.  On the other hand, he cringes to think of what Steve’s going through right now, thinking he was too late to save Bucky... Well, there’s only one way to fix that. As Bucky treks across the Italian woods, heading for the front lines, there’s one particular thing that sticks out in his mind more than anything else.    God, does he love the guns from the future.   He’d always excelled at sharp shooting, but with this pistol, he could shoot the wings off a fly at twenty yards.  And don’t even get him started on the rifle…  He sleeps with it in his hands.  And that’s only half because of the constant danger.  The other half is because if he were to lose it somehow, have it stolen or have to run without it for some reason, he might literally cry.  A small percentage of that might be because his future alternate-timeline self’s fella made it for him, but that’s a very small part.  Like, ten percent.  Twelve at most.  The rest is just because of how amazing of a weapon it is. Looking down at that sleek, futuristic rifle also reminds him that he’s not crazy, he really did wind up stuck in an alternate dimension for a while…   It takes him two harrowing weeks on foot to make it back to Colonel Phillips’ camp. He carefully breaks down future Tony’s rifle, stowing it in his duffel bag so as not to draw attention to it, before he hits the outer scout’s radar.   They almost shoot him, untrusting, but Bucky doesn’t blame them.  He’s a lone man wandering through the woods towards camp, not part of the victory parade that had been described to him before.  Besides, he can take a shot or two and keep going now, be healed up in just a couple days even, as his journey here has evidenced...   “I need to speak to Colonel Phillips,” he says first thing, “I have intel for him.” The soldiers nod.   But they don’t take him to the Colonel.   He knows how this kind of thing works though.  Regular old grunts like him don’t get audiences with people like the Colonel just because they were POWs.   “Tell me what you know and I’ll pass it on to the Colonel for you,” a red haired Major instructs him as he’s getting situated in the medical tent.  The part about ‘only if it’s good enough’ doesn’t need to be said. Bucky is very careful to never actually say the words ‘super soldier serum’, because he’s not supposed to know about all that yet, but he makes sure his superior officer knows about the experimentation that was done on him.  About the injections and the other lab rats who didn’t make it.  Then he bends a lead pipe with his bare hands after he’s done, to make sure he doesn’t get discharged for insanity. Colonel Phillips barges in not ten minutes after the Major leaves. “Boy, you are either one extremely  lucky  , or extremely  unlucky son of a bitch,” he says gruffly, shaking his head.   “Remains to be seen, sir,” Bucky says tiredly.   Both Margaret Carter and a familiarly unfamiliar blond are hot on the Colonel’s heels. “Bucky!” Steve comes tearing in like the devil himself is chasing him. And damn if that doesn’t drive home just how right they’d been in the future…   Suddenly Bucky’s being engulfed in the strongest hug of his life, breaking his train of thought but not the emotion 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Dimension Travel
canon divergence like whoa
tags to be updated as I go
depictions of ptsd
Peggy remains a badass
stay at home dad Steve Rogers
Bucky passes through the crucible
Peggy will always be a badass
Howard does not drink responsibly
warning for emotional Steve Rogers
some implied period typical homophobia
but no violence because of being gay
explicit 1960’s gay sex
Bucky Barnes/OMC - Freeform
but this is still very much a WinterIron endgame fic
OC death
Howard is an ass
Grieving Bucky
The Vietnam War
Bucky has empty nest syndrome
Army Ranger Bucky
Colonel Bucky Barnes
Familiar Faces
Coming Out
MAJOR INJURY TO A MAJOR CHARACTER
Marjie is a badass
Fate
passing the torch
Student Bucky
Bucky Barnes defender of drag queens
Tony Stark is a genius and don't forget it
Going Home
Lust at First Sight
Howard continues to be a drunk
Marjie feels like she should have seen this coming
Steve gives Bucky a flat look
Honesty is the best policy
Bucky is kind of a slut if you haven't noticed
canon Tony was a total slut at 20 and nothing about this fic changed that
my use of the term slut here is affectionate
Maria is fine with it
Jarvis ships it
who cares what Howard thinks nobody asks him
Rogers' family Christmas traditions
Developing Relationship
meeting each other's friends
Sex on the Beach
Bucky is a romantic sap
malfunctions
emergency surgery
Tony designs a new arm
the move for moon independence
Tony solves the gravity problem
relationship milestones
Edwin Jarvis will be missed in every universe
Howard fucks up
Tony pays the price
Uncle Steve is PISSED
welcome to the super family
confronting the past
Bucky's book tour
funerals are for the living
the wedding of the century
Portals
Emotions everywhere

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

