Work Text:


Siberia was cold. Freezing cold. The kind of cold that burned. It wasn't the ice that was the worst, the falling temperatures or the depressing raw concrete of the walls of what just might become his tomb. No, it was the wind that made his situation twice as un-fucking-bearable than it already was. It howled, loud and obnoxious in his ears, drumming into his brain like thin icy shards that vibrated through his skull. It grated against his exposed skin and bit at the tips of his fingers and nose. It dried out his eyes, rubbing along his sensitive sclera like sand paper. The wind had a way of finding even the smallest crack in his broken armor, and there were many. It seemed to worm its wicked long fingers through the wrecked suit, past the torn undergarments and into his aching skin; burrowing into him like so many sharp needles. The migraine he'd been half nursing, half ignoring on the strength of his own will and stubbornness; seemed to resonate in his skull like a struck tuning fork. He hitched a breath, pain radiating through his entire torso; the freezing air crawling into his lungs and digging claws into the soft tissue. He coughed harshly, vision going white as his chest seized and every part of him screamed in agony. An eternity passed before awareness returned. He found himself sprawled on his side, something metal digging into his torso; most likely some part of the suit bent inwards from the epic beat down he'd just experienced at the hands of Captain Asshole and his bestie, Buttface Barnes. Agony pulsed along his nerves like a heartbeat, radiating from that spot outwards. He could feel something warm and wet along soaking through his underclothes and gathering in the fractured panels of the suit; mostly likely his life's blood dripping away minute by minute. He was going to die here. He knew it. He was going to bleed out on the nasty, barren floor of this God forsaken Siberian bunker. If he didn't die of hypothermia first. The very thought of his lungs slowly flooding and drowning him in his own fluids seemed a nightmare come to life. He tried to move, tried to reach up and trigger the suit's release but his limbs wouldn't co-operate. His fingers twitched violently but nothing else seemed to want to obey. He was alone here. He couldn't call for help. He'd lost contact with Friday sometime during the fight and it would be a while before her programming determined him 'out of touch' long enough for her to scramble assistance. Vision was most likely caught up in everything going on back in Germany, dealing with the Accords Council and Ross by himself as the last remaining Avenger, seeing as Tony was MIA and Rhodey Bear in the hospital. His Honey Graham had still been unconscious by the time he'd snuck off to assist Rogers. As it was, Tony would probably be dead by the time his Platypus finally woke up. He was never going to see his best friend again. The thought hit Tony like a bomb to the chest. And seeing that he'd actually experienced a bomb to the chest once, he had intimate knowledge in how much that fucking hurt.  Fuck. He missed his Rhodey. He missed his Pepper, even though they were no longer as close as they once were. He missed Happy, his silent support and cheeseburger dealer. He missed JARVIS most of all. His baby boy. His number one son. Killed by Ultron and Tony's own hubris. JARVIS would have known what to do when Tony went off comms. He would have lit a fire under the Accords Council's collective ass and would have had a team heading out to Siberia in two shakes of a rabbit's tail. JARVIS would have saved Tony. Like he'd been saving Tony since his programming first booted up, giving a drunk and depressed teen genius a reason to get up the next morning. But JARVIS was gone. Not that he didn't love Friday but JARVIS was his son, his sass-monster, his mother-hen and right hand. But he was gone and soon Tony would be too. Alone and cold in a fucking Hydra bunker with five dead super soldiers as an honour guard. And a burnt off arm. And a shield. He could just see the edge of the shield from where he lay. A curve of glinting silver in the corner of his eye. Fucking Rogers. What a fucking hypocrite. After everything he'd done. After every hand out and hand up he'd given the Man out of Time. Every path he'd paved and made smooth for Rogers and his team who had followed along after him like ducklings. Rogers, who Tony had hoped would be his counter balance in this new world of superheroes. The good man, humble, steadfast. A man of the people, someone down to earth to bring a new perspective to Tony's world of wealth and high society. And for a while there things had been good…. Well, they'd been ok at least. Not all Tony's hoped for and dreamed for but it was a good beginning. There'd been hope for a better future. They'd been a team… slowly but surely moving towards something that could be a family. Then there's been Washington. And SHIELDRA And Steve' Rogers' kryptonite. James 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Demon Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Revenge
Murder
Dark Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

