Work Text:
"Alright, that's all. Thanks for you time again." Eddie thanked, though it was more like a mumble as he desperately wanted to leave the fancy and posh party he'd been told to report on. Some dumb corporation launch or something- he'd barely paid attention the entire night. It wasn't because the reveal was boring or stupid or anything like that, it was because he stuck out like a sore fucking thumb in the giant crowd of prissy wealth and self consciousness began to seep through his veins like he was a teenager again.We're very attractive, Eddie, Venom declared from the back of his mind. "Yeah, yeah." Eddie grumbled as he shoved his notepad and pen into the back of his pants and bolted for the door leading to the elevators, shrugging his leather jacket just a little closer to his body.Why are you so self conscious? "I-I don't know just shut up." Eddie huffed under his breath as a couple beside him eyed him weirdly. As if he wasn't already the odd one out. The elevator was slow in coming up and equally slow in going down. Eddie just anxiously tapped his foot and hurried away from the building as soon as the doors opened, Venom giving him a little kick through his body to lurch him forward quicker. "H-hey, slow down!" Eddie protested though there was no true urge for Venom to stop the pace.
Let's get home. Now.
Venom's snappy tone caught Eddie off guard and he jumped a little as a black tendril shot out from his chest and snatched the helmet off his motorcycle to shove roughly on his head. "Ow!" Eddie whined followed by a sharp yelp as at least six of the black filaments grabbed the two wheeled vehicle and placed Eddie on it firmly, then gripped the acceleration and raced off towards their apartment. "You're gonna k-kill us!" Eddie stuttered in a mix of fear and frustration. That would mean I would die, too, and I won't allow that, darling. Eddie's face went red at the words and he tried to hide the sudden rush of warmth to his heart, an emotion Venom would probably pick up on anyway, no matter how much he'd try to deny it. 
Your heart rate has risen. 
"Maybe because we're going fucking seventy miles an hour on San Francisco streets!" Eddie cried, turning his attention back to the road as Venom's black tendrils steered the motorcycle easily between cars and swiftly around corners. "I'm gonna be sick..." Eddie groaned, closing his eyes to avoid the sight of the road. Heights and speed! What a pussy, Venom sneered in the back of Eddie's mind. "You don't have to be a dick you know." Eddie pointed out, slowly opening his eyes to nauseously watch the road and make sure they weren't actually hitting anyone. Venom was not as considerate towards innocent civilians as Eddie was.
Speaking of dick, your blood has rushed there... pussy.
"W-what?!" Eddie sputtered, ignoring the insult as he looked down to see that sure enough he had a small bulge in his pants. Fuck, that comment of darling must've really gotten to him.Darling? That was what caused it? "Fucking s-stop! Don't call me that!" Eddie quickly demanded, squeezing his eyes shut as Venom slowed the motorcycle in the alley way by his apartment and allowed him to eagerly get off. Eddie shook his head and reached down to his jeans, squatting a little as he walked to grip the bunched up denim by his crotch and tug it down to hide the bulge a little better.That did nothing, Venom stated blatantly. Eddie just shook him off and fumbled for his keys in his pocket when a sudden tendril formed from his skin within his jeans, a small thing stemming from his thigh. "What the fuck are you doing?" Eddie hissed, hurrying up the stairs as the sticky black mass danced warmly over his skin towards his inner thigh and up.  "Oh." Eddie breathed harshly. You know exactly what I'm doing, Venom practically cooed in the back of his mind. Eddie stumbled over the top step and let out a gasp of breath as he fell forward and clutched the wall, the black tendril slipping under his boxers and sliding just a mere few centimeters from his dick. "V-Venom, stop..." Eddie tried, but he was caught off by his own moan as the tentacle doubled in size and coiled easily around his growing length. Shoving a knuckle in his mouth, Eddie limped towards his apartment door and spastically shoved his keys into the lock, hurriedly opening the door only for Venom to slam it shut and grab his keys, tossing them to the side. Eddie yelped as Venom threw him against the wall and tugged his jeans down- five tendrils now working on his body.One was wrapped snuggly around his cock while the other four had just discarded his pants and boxers on the floor and began to snake around his legs. I'm not dumb, Eddie. We exist together- you are mine. I know where all of your thoughts wander, even in your dreams. I know you've wanted this. Venom's inky black face materialized on his shoulder and slithered around to face him as another tentacle moved around his neck and grasped his jaw, forcing Eddie to look at him as Eddi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Overstimulation
Sub!Eddie
Dom!Venom
Tentacle Sex
symbrock

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

