Work Text:
⠀⠀If Wanda Maximoff was to listen into the reveries of Peter Parker in the exact moment his eyes scanned the letter, she'd get more than a giggle listening to him recite a vine he found to fit all too well;  Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. Shit, shit, shit, shit. Shit, shit, shit, shit, fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, shit  ( he'd definitely get a scolding from Steve Rogers if she snitched on him ).⠀⠀Much to the discomfort of the young Parker, the top of the parchment screamed five words which he cursed with everything inside of him:  FIELD TRIP TO STARK TOWERS!  Ned Leeds gave a silent laugh to the boy, and he could hear the hiss-like chuckle rolling off the viperine lingua of Eugene 'Flash' Thompson. Ah, the joys of being a teenager with senses always dialled up to eleven that came with the freaky spider powers he acquired upon a freak accident.⠀⠀Excited whispers contaminated the fifth, and thankfully final, period classroom of Mr Harrison's chemistry lesson. The teacher eyed his students with amusement, yet his expression shifted to something more of disappointment when gazes landed on the groaning Peter. No one believed that a high schooler, even one as intelligent as Peter Parker, could get an internship at Stark Industries. Mr Harrison didn't want to label the boy as a liar, but he decided that someone has to say something to him about it before Friday comes. And that someone just so happens to be him.⠀⠀The last five minutes of the lesson passed by a breeze; the low murmur of conversations overlapped and the sound of laughter filled the science room. Mr Harrison could tell that everyone, save Peter, was through the roof with Friday's arrangement. The animated movements and expressions that coated the faces of all brought an involuntary simper to the lips of the professor —— he could even see the softening to Michelle Jone's usual mask of indifference.⠀⠀As everyone was leaving, the teacher made it his job to speak to the young Parker; with one simple hand gesture, he was sat down in a stool, parked behind the front rows desks. It belonged to Cindy Moon if he recalled correctly. "So, Peter," he began, choosing to ignore the worry that swam within chocolate pools. A pen danced within the grip of spindly phalanges. "I bet you're wondering why I wanted to talk to you?"⠀⠀A bitten simper overtook margins and his cranium, draped in a disarray of messy brunette waves, dipped into a respectful nod. It was far from the  nah, shit  that raced through his mind. "Is everything okay, Mr H?"⠀⠀The response from Harrison came with a sigh. "No, Peter. Everything is not okay." The youth couldn't help but let his feigned smile drop into a frown. "I need to talk to you about your . . . Stark Internship." Shoulders hunched into one another at his teacher's words —— to think that he actually  liked  this teacher. "I know how difficult your life has been, but you need to know that lying for popularity isn't right."⠀⠀Parker almost choked. He was being called a  liar . Has Harrison been listening to Flash? Surely not, right? "Suh—sir. I can assure you that my internship is very much real. As real as, uh," eyes darted to the pen he had stopped playing with, "this pen right here."⠀⠀"Peter, my nephew has an internship there. I've asked him if he's ever heard of you; he said no."⠀⠀Now Peter was genuinely curious, and his voice hitched to push the questions with of a more force; "What sector does your nephew work in? And what badge level does he have?"⠀⠀"Biomechanics, level four."⠀⠀The spiderling's tongue clicked. "That'll be why, sir. I spend most of my time in Mr Sta — uh, the R-and-D labs."⠀⠀"I guess we'll see on Friday, Mr Parker."⠀⠀Peter could hardly hold back the smirk that threatened to grab a hold on lips. "I guess we will, Mr Harrison. Oh! And remind your nephew to be more careful when bringing things up to the level four labs, would you? He knocked something over last time and set one of our teams of scientists back two weeks — Mr Stark almost had my head!"————⠀⠀Friday rolled around much too quickly for Peter Parker's liking. It was like someone has hit the fast-forward button on his life ( though, given the people he now knows and the things that he's seen, he wouldn't be all that surprised if someone had. ). On Wednesday, the permission slip found itself atop Mister Harrison's desk, Pepper Pott's immaculate signature sprawled in azure ink. That  definitely raised an eyebrow ( or perhaps it was the arrant sauce stain that loitered around the bottom most corner of the slip from Tuesday night's pasta. ).⠀⠀Now, Friday morning, twelve past nine, having been awake for less than an hour and a half, he found himself sat on a hard leather seat inside of the stereotypical yellow school bus, on his way to meet his certain doom, face to face. Beside him, Ned Leeds was practically bouncing up and down, unable to keep himself calm. Behind of the duo was Michelle Jones, or MJ, as sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
rated teen and up because there's a lot of swearing
like 27 out of the first 80 words are swearing
Field Trip
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter has a crush
there's ironstrange if you squint
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Beta Read
Peter is a Little Shit
i forgot thor oops
so i had to mention him
because i didn't wanna have to rewrite it all
My First AO3 Post
bus girl is a stucky shipper
and me too
flash thompson is a dick
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Domestic Avengers
he should've stayed on the bus
i think that's all
How Do I Tag
quite a few mistakes sorry
Sexual Humor

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

