Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Looking back, Eddie wasn't sure why he hadn't seen the signs. He and his other had been pregnant, carrying new life inside them, and Eddie hadn't even noticed until someone 

told 

him. Right before the labor pains set in.

Maybe his other had every right to be a little bit miffed that Eddie hadn't figured it out on his own. He had been mad at first that it hadn't just 

told

 him. But after giving birth, after seeing their miraculous child 

alive

 and thriving and absolutely breathtaking, there was no room for anything but love and awe at the life they'd brought into the world together.


So beautiful.



Want it to grow up right this time, Eddie.


They'd spent the first night sleeping on the floor of the lab next their baby's incubation chamber. Or rather, Eddie slept, but his other didn't need to. It stayed awake, tending to their child, nurturing it, giving it the basic chemicals it needed to grow up healthy and strong.

The second night, Liz stopped in and insisted that they go home so both Eddie and the baby could rest. Neither Eddie nor his other liked that idea, but young symbiotes were different than human infants.  Truthfully, it barely needed anything from them anymore. As long as it had enough nourishment while it matured, it was fine. They simply didn't want it to grow up without knowing their affection. But Eddie needed the rest. Even if he wouldn't admit it, his other could sense the exhaustion sinking in.


Will see it tomorrow,

 the symbiote promised Eddie. It pushed tempting thoughts into his mind, coaxing him. 

Food. Shower. Bed. 

The reality of his dingy little apartment wasn't nearly as appealing as the warm promises that the symbiote whispered into his head, but with his beloved, it didn't matter where Eddie lived, so long as they were together.

Eddie let his other guide him home, take care of him, and put him to bed. Even an old mattress on the floor felt luxurious when he was being held by his other half. But he couldn't sleep. Everything felt like it had happened so damn fast, and now that he finally had time to reflect, Eddie couldn't stop thinking about all the signs of pregnancy he'd missed.

There was morning sickness, for one. That and his stress dreams about babies were probably the most obvious, in hindsight. But there were other things, too. The other's aversion to even the slightest risks during a fight. They could've handled the injury, but their unborn child might not have. There was also his increased appetite and strange cravings. The way his body ached, and still ached, in ways the symbiote couldn't simply soothe away.


Hurts, Eddie? 

it asked, curling around him, as if trying to ease away his pains.

"No, love," Eddie assured it, stroking his hand over the ink-black tendrils on his stomach. "When we were carrying, sometimes there was a… twinge, in my lower back. It's gone now," he added, but he felt his beloved pool underneath him anyway, moving against his back in a slow massage. It felt too good to object, but he was thinking of another ache he was still feeling, one which he'd tried to ignore.

The symbiote picked up on his thoughts and slid across his chest, gently compressing his pecs in a way that both intensified the ache and brought some relief.


Why would it hurt here, Eddie? 

it wondered, still gently massaging all of the skin that it touched.

"I don't know, love," Eddie admitted. "The body does strange things in pregnancy. It's all the hormones, I guess."

It hummed happily in his head.


Like the hormones.


"I'm sure you do," he chuckled, only able to guess what it felt like for the symbiote to drink in his body chemistry during a time like that.


Should keep you pregnant, Eddie, 

it suggested, coils of black pushing his thighs apart. It slid over his groin, covering his half hard cock and coaxing him to arousal.

"Ahn-- I don't think either of us could conceive again so soon," Eddie said, but he didn't exactly say no. He couldn't stop himself from spreading his legs and hitching up his hips, shuddering as the symbiote touched him all over.


Can try anyway, 

it said, holding him tighter as it prodded an appendage between his thighs, lazily seeking the place where Eddie's body would open up for it. 

They both knew another pregnancy wasn't possible yet, that they'd need time to recover, but at the same time the fantasy was so vivid, neither of them was entirely sure whose thought it was. Eddie, always full, always heavy with their child. Pregnancy suited him so well, made his skin glow, his hips a little fuller, his chest larger and swollen, his bloodstream a heady cocktail of hormones.

Eddie panted for breath as it rubbed directly against his entrance, leaking slick fluid. Sometimes it felt like Eddie's body was made to accept his beloved in every way. Mind, body, and soul. They fit together so perfectly, especially like this, with Eddie held inside of its grasp and wiggling so nicely, trying to push back aga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Breeding
Pregnancy Kink
Male Lactation
Lactation
Comeplay
drool kink
Rimming
Xenophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
Anal Sex
Creampie
This isn't mpreg this is just mpreg fantasy I guess
They've already had the baby
This is rly kinky but also ridiculously sweet apparently
Parenthood
Family Bonding
Eddie is a good dad
they love each other a lot
Gender Neutral Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Fluff and Smut
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

