Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry tilted his wings to swoop around an office building and took advantage of an updraft to soar higher.
He'd been scouting the city for weeks now, trying to find any signs of the unusual events it was supposedly rife with.
Starting from Midtown where a group called the Avengers had fought off an  alien army  several years ago he'd attempted a structured scouting pattern that expanded out to cover the rest of Manhattan. That was where it seemed the majority of newsworthy events occurred.
Unfortunately his search so far had resulted in nothing but flight practice and Harry's mind wandering to the logistics of superheroing. Did they have to juggle superheroing with keeping up their day jobs? Maybe being independently wealthy was a prerequisite. Either way, as his lack of success continued over the weeks Harry began putting less effort into searching till he was halfheartedly keeping a lookout while taking leisure flights over the city.
In really he was more interested in finding the local magic users of this world than trying to track down superheros  anyway . It was unfortunate for Harry the magic users of this world seemed just as dedicated to hiding and secrecy as the ones back home. Or rather they were almost as dedicated. It seemed they weren't too concerned about Harry practicing magic in muggle areas all over the place as they'd yet to send out any kind of law enforcement to reprimand him. Not that Harry had deliberately tried to provoke them into doing so... That would be irresponsible *cough*.
Regardless he'd had months of little to no luck finding any magic users on this world to the point that he'd believe there weren't any if not for the Great Big Magical Shield enveloping the entire planet. It was more powerful than any other work of magic he'd ever heard of let alone observed. In fact Harry's arrival to this world had only been possible due to the -apparently temporary- destruction of the planetry shield weakening the natural dimensional barriers. Just to remove all doubt that the were active magic users on this world within the same day the planetry shield had reappeared miraculously intact as if it had never been gone in the first place. Even when your worldview included magic and dark lords that was pushing credulity.
As a result of his lack of success he'd taken a break from looking for magic users directly and had instead taken up this search for superheroes. Superheroes who with their strange abilities and experiences may be able to point him in the right direction for finding magic users who can help him get home.
Today this search for superheroes had taken Harry on a meandering flight through Queens but despite enjoying the flight he had nothing to show for hours of searching. He was considering calling it a day and going home when a red and blue blur buzzed past him only feet to his right.
Needless to say Harry was not at all shocked by this and it was the resulting turbulence generated that was completely and solely to blame for him swerving head first into an office building window. Fortunately Harry was flying leisurely enough that he didn't suffer any real damage from the collision. Unfortunately it did leave him momentarily stunned so that instead of managing to hastily correct his flight he dropped like a stone plummeting towards the cement.
Harry had only just noticed his upcoming meating with the pavement when out of nowhere some kind of sticky cord smacked into his chest before pulling taut like a bungee cord and springing him back towards the miscreant that caused him to crash in the first place.
“Whoops, sorry. My bad.” The red and blue... man, it was definitely a man in that skin tight suit, said while he swung around buildings using more sticky cords like some kind of urban Tarzan. Actually the cord attached to Harry's chest had him facing forwards so he was afforded a fine view of Urban Tarzan as he displayed a build and flexibility worthy of a jungle king. If being tugged behind someone like a poorly designed kite wasn't so undignified he might have even enjoyed the experience.
Thus it was with a conflicted relief that Harry awkwardly glided down onto the low building Urban Tarzan had landed on transforming back from his animagus form as he did so. This barely gave him time to shove out his arms and avoid faceplanting into the roof gravel. He stood up dusting the stone dust from his hands before attempting to remove the sticky cord from now feather-free chest but found it stuck fast.
“Oh wow. Uh, hey. So you're a, uh.. human falcon, thing, er person... right? Sorry about the webs. Er... They'll dissolve in a couple of hours? Heh, um... What's your name? No no wait lemme guess, um... Falcon-guy... Falcon man? Aah! Wait, no. There's already a Falcon. Umm... can you turn into any other animals? Only I'm pretty sure that guy's a war criminal right now... Ooh I know! You could-”
“You can call me Peregrine.” Harry interrupted, giving up on the webs.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

