Work Text:
Eddie isn’t all that ashamed to admit that nowadays he thinks about sex often. He didn’t used to—he had Anne, they had a schedule, he knew when they’d have their time, when she’d tie him to the bedpost and have her way, always whatever she wanted and far be it from him to argue, as he’d only loved to please her and he didn’t consider himself all that creative. But they’re not together anymore, and it’s one on a laundry list of things he didn’t realize he’d miss until suddenly they’re gone.Sadly, Eddie’s not really into casual encounters. If there’s no emotional connection, no why to the what or the who, then there’s no reason. To him, anyway. Besides, it’s not like he can afford companionship, what with the landlord hiking up rent. He’s strapped for cash enough as it is. And he doesn’t even want to think about what that would be like—sex with someone while Venom chats away in his head, drowning out any other sound trying to get to his ears.So Eddie suffers in silence. Every night, as he heads home, he’ll spot the same couple sucking face right outside the dispensary, the scent of weed seeping into his clothes and the sickly, stupid, almost juvenile excitement he gets from it all the same. He’ll get home and put on a movie, and there they are again, man and woman, undressing each other in a dimly lit kitchen, his large hand pushing up under her skirt until all else is left to the imagination and the film, only PG-13, fades to black. No action, and yet he’s warm, hyperaware of his dick, just a little sweaty where his hairline stops.Eddie watches the pink sliver of the man’s tongue as it pushes past her lips, and suddenly he’s thinking about kissing Anne, but not the way they used to. The kiss in the woods, the deep, dark one that seemed to pull his soul with it. The kiss that involved a third party. The kiss he’s been desperate to forget, or at least compartmentalize in his head until it’s just the two of them, him and Anne, sharing a sensual, passionate kiss at night in the middle of the woods after she bit a guy’s head off—God, he’s fucked, already fidgeting and past the point of no return. Wetting his dry lips with a flick of his tongue, the heel of his hand pushes against his growing arousal, which briefly dulls the throb but only makes him harder. A pleasant hum rings through his body like the whine of a violin, threatening to pull him taut.His fingertips begin to slide under the waistband of his sweats.WHAT ARE YOU DOING?Eddie jolts nearly out of his skin and wrenches his hand free. “Jeeeesus Christ, can a guy get an  ounce  of privacy? What does it look like I’m doing?”I DON’T KNOW. THAT’S WHY I ASKED.The usual rasp of Venom’s voice is gone, smoothed out for a much softer timbre despite the consistent baritone.  Innocence. Venom has never seen something like this before, skipped out on the birds-and-the-bees lesson entirely in favor of taking a page from the marital lifestyle of a praying mantis.(Biting off heads doesn’t exactly do it for Eddie, but every once in a while, late at night when Venom’s quiet, he can’t help but wonder.)“Do you really not know?” he asks, careful, and he senses something like an indignant huff, the raising of hackles inside, before Venom relaxes. Eddie feels a twitch in his shoulders—Venom is shrugging.I’VE ONLY KNOWN YOU.Eddie ponders, not sure where to start or why he’s bothering to explain the mechanics of jerking off to an alien goo blob from space. But he’s already all too aware of how much Venom complains when Eddie doesn’t explain human things, and if he doesn’t get it out of the way now, Eddie might never get off, ever again, in his whole, already miserable life.“It’s, well,” he begins, eyes darting with nothing to look at, “it’s part of the… reproductive process.”SO WILL YOU DO THIS AND THEN DIVIDE YOURSELF INTO SMALLER EDDIES?Eddie stifles a surprised laugh. “No! No, it’s… What? No. We’re mammals. Warm-blooded. We do it with another person.”THERE IS NO ONE ELSE HERE.“That was going to be my next point.” Eddie sighs and drags a hand over his face. “Unbelievable. I’m having The Talk with an alien that lives inside me and eats tater tots.”YOU THINK THAT’S STRANGE.“Because it is.”WELL I THINK  YOUR RITUALS ARE DOWNRIGHT BATSHIT. YOU DO REPRODUCTIVE THINGS WHEN YOU’RE NOT REPRODUCING. YOU SET DEAD THINGS ON FIRE AND EAT THEM WHEN THEY’RE PERFECTLY DELICIOUS RAW. THAT IS WHAT’S STRANGE HERE.Eddie lies back into the sofa cushions and squints at the ceiling as if Venom is up there. “I think we’re getting off track.”BUT WHY DO YOU DO IT?Eddie raises his brows and makes a face. “It feels good. That’s really all there is to it.”Venom goes quiet for a moment, to the point that Eddie can actually hear himself think. His gaze returns to the television, where the couple previously getting it on are now idling in bed, naked, covered by strategically placed sheets.Venom’s voice nearly startles Eddie out of his own body,  again, when he says, dark and rough,SHOW ME.Just a f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Tentacle Sex
Tongue Blowjobs
Masturbation
Overstimulation
fill in the blanks
Bottom Eddie Brock
Hungry Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Come Eating
Prostate Milking
Multiple Orgasms
Bondage
Praise Kink
Aphrodisiacs
or more like Alien Analgesics
Mirror Sex
(kinda)

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

