Work Text:
Peter was staring blankly at his phone until Ned nudged him. The alpha instinctively glanced at the screen then did a double take when he saw the open message he’d sent to his mentor.P> Can you send me a selfie or something?The messaging service showed that it was sent but not read yet. He had no idea what had gotten into him that he had sent Mr. Stark such an indulgent and unnecessary request.He quickly sent a message to the older omega even though it was five minutes after the first one.P> Srry, sir, please ignoreHe only hoped that Tony would. He couldn't stop thinking about it all day though. He was distracted all throughout class and it was such a huge relief that he wasn't planning to patrol tonight.His entire body felt off. Tired but energized. Restless. Anxious. There was a buzzing under his skin and he didn't know what it was.It was only when he kicked the door to the apartment shut that his phone beeped with a message. A picture message. From Tony Stark.He stared at the notification and told himself that Tony had probably just sent something stupid, a prank or whatever. Why would Tony indulge him, after all?But when Peter opened it, it was his request neatly fulfilled with no accompanying message or questions. A selfie, like he'd asked.Tony had probably been in meetings all morning because the omega was clad in one of his designer suits. In the picture, he looked bored, but even then, Peter thought he looked so… desirable. Gorgeous.The omega was peering at the camera, one hand propping his head up as he gave the viewer a lazy smile. The sun hit his face just right, lighting up his eyes and bringing out the rich brown of his irises. He was breathtaking, the perfect omega and yet there was no claiming bite on his neck.Peter rushed to his room, knowing he'd have a couple hours for alone time.His cock was so hard when he shoved his pants down. The alpha was already stroking it, eyes fixed on Tony's lazy smile when he found the knot. It was unexpected.Eyes wide, the young alpha felt around the area, gentle fingers exploring. Peter was designated an alpha since birth, but the boy had been busy in the past year. He had noticed his body maturing and had definitely been smug when his cock grew to be a rather impressive size and girth. Still, he hadn't developed a knot by 15 and when 16 rolled around, he had stopped checking every day. The boy figured it'd come when it was ready.Apparently his body was ready now and Peter was so dreadfully unprepared. No aides or omega scents to calm him during the rut… He couldn't go out there, not when his scent was a clear indication to anyone with a working nose. Not to mention, his cock was practically throbbing, desperate for attention.“Guess I'm just gonna have to rough it out,” Peter huffed. He didn't think it was going to be a problem. He had lube and plenty of A/O porn he could watch. He'd just jerk off as many times as he needed to get it out of his system.His first rut… Peter was so excited. He'd heard so much about how crazy intense the first ruts were… Mindblowing, he often heardWhen he touched it, he understood why. It was sensitive… so sensitive. It was also tiny, just barely a noticeable bump at the base of his dick. It made him frown for a second before he realized that was how knots were designed.Alphas couldn't just shove a fully formed knot into an omega's body. Only knotheads did that.So Peter took his time, jerking off like he usually did. He spent a good amount of time looking at Tony's picture, fantasizing about the older omega. He was guilty of such dirty thoughts, imagining how his mentor would look naked or how he'd sound when he was getting fucked.He experimented, squeezing the soft knot and playing with it. It felt good and it had grown, for sure, but nothing seemed to work. He had gone an hour without having an orgasm, had a couple breaks between, but always went back to it.The warmth and the itching he had been experiencing all day was growing, getting worse with every attempt to pop his knot.Hours later, he was desperately humping his pillow, his erection rock hard, dripping, aching, and not getting any relief. The softness of his pillow felt good and even the action of rutting against it was satisfying, but for some reason… Peter couldn't find relief. He hadn't come even once since he got home.“Peter…? May says you haven't been–”He yelped, scrambling to his knees when the door opened.Mr. Stark stood in the doorway, May's spare key dangling from his finger. It only took one sniff for the older omega to realize what was going on and by then Peter had covered his still hard cock with the pillow.“So… Sweet 16 and finally popping your knot,” Tony tried to break the tension. “Congrats.”He didn't look at all ruffled after walking in on Peter jerking off.Maybe the older omega's blasé attitude would've worked another time, but Peter was frustrated to the point of tears.“Nothing sweet about it,” Peter grumbled. He was breathing hard from exe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Peter Parker
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Verse
Intersex
Knotting
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Creampie
Breeding
Dirty Talk
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

