Work Text:
Eddie stood in front of the full-length mirror, adjusting his tie, smoothing down his dark blue dinner jacket. He’d shaved, slicked his hair to one side, and even put on cologne. Its spicy, dark undertones tickled his nose, and somehow, he felt more powerful, daring. 

We look good, Eddie.

“Yeah, not bad.”
He adjusted the cuffs, then fussed with his hair a little more. A lint roller was taken to his sleeves, his pants, once, twice, just to make sure everything was perfect. He had to be presentable for her, couldn’t bear to embarrass her again. Maybe she’d even see him in a new light. The “put-together” Eddie, the Eddie that wasn’t a monumental fuck-up. Maybe she’d grow to like him again, and maybe—
A flash of something crackled up his spine. A disconnected feeling. Not his then, but Venom’s. It sizzled quietly in his gut, yet felt stone heavy. Poised, like whatever Venom was feeling could erupt.
Feeling vindictive, Eddie lit the fuse.
“Do you think Anne will like the new me?”
That sizzle detonated, blasting a metaphoric hole through his stomach lining. He wanted to strangle Anne, wrap his black tentacles around her throat and squeeze. Kill her, so she’d never touch his Eddie again.
His, his, his.
Wait—
“Wait.” Eddie stared at the mirror. “Are you jealous?”

No.

“You’re jealous—of Anne?” Eddie narrowed his eyes. “You know it’s just dinner. She specifically said we’re just friends.”

Tell yourself that.

“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Silence.
Eddie clenched his teeth, buttoned and unbuttoned the top one on his crisp white shirt. The awkward silence stretched on, weighing heavy on the air, and Venom stirred under his skin.

You seem tense.

“Nervous, I guess.”

Let me fix it.

Before he could say anything, black inky tendrils sprouted from his stomach, reaching lower, lower— Eddie jerked back from the mirror, nearly stumbling over himself. “No!”
No? 
The dark formations disappeared altogether.

Why no?

“Just… no.”

What is—

“Enough! I said no.”
Eddie stumbled back again, assaulted by a wave of—everything. The pain of rejection clawed at his insides, hollowed out then filled itself back up with the emptiness of sadness—then rage. So much fucking rage. He quaked with it, muscles bulging then snapping back to regular size, his skin darkening, corroded with veins.
He wanted to destroy something. Kill someone. Eat them alive.
“Venom… s-stop it.” His voice sounded like Venom’s, thick and monstrous. 
They were fighting for control over their body.

Then tell me what’s wrong.

“Can we not—“ Eddie growled, struggling against his rising fist. “—do this right now?”
Together, they roared and crashed a punch into the mirror, shattering glass, splintering wood. The rage they—
Venom—had felt lessened a few degrees, didn’t feel so urgent anymore or deadly. Not at all explosive. Like a child had just thrown a tantrum and was now playing peacefully in a corner.
Thousands of Eddies reflected in broken shards stared at him. No rows of teeth. Not a hulking mass of muscle. Just Eddie, among pieces of glass and wood.
“Feel better?”

Yes.

“Fantastic. After this not-a-date, we’re going to talk about your anger problems. Okay?” Eddie waited for an answer, and after a full five seconds of not hearing anything— “Okay?”

Fine.

Eddie let out a little huff, grabbed his—

Are you ashamed of us?

Us had a different lilt to it. Intimate, suggestive. Not the us when they ate together, not the us when Venom referred to them as one entity. It was the us under the sheets, with Venom so deep inside him, so perfectly made for him and him alone, that Eddie ached for it every goddamn moment of his goddamn life.
But he still felt shame. It echoed against his ribcage when it was dark and quiet. It followed him like a ghost through his waking hours, clung to him in his dreams. 
He was fucking an alien. He had a right to feel shameful.
Right?
“We’ll talk about it later.” 
 He put on his jacket and left.
:::
It was a French restaurant with a name he couldn’t pronounce. Crystal chandeliers judged him from high ceilings while linens (more expensive than his bed sheets) lounged and draped over tables. Silverware gleamed in intimate lighting, and fresh-cut flowers suffered in delicate vases. Hushed whispers danced along the immaculate wood walls, clean floors. He breathed in cultured air, thick with perfumes and colognes, and immediately felt… other. A fraud dressed in a suit.
After a few suspicious looks and a little convincing, the maître d' led him into main dining room. Anne stood out in a sea of black and white, her dress red as sin and her blonde hair trussed up. Her flush lips pouted as she studied her phone, and as he got closer, he was reminded how stunning she truly was. How he’d forgotten, he didn’t know. She’d always been the most beautiful woman in every room.
Jealousy arced up his body. Eddie frowned. He’d almost forgotten he wasn’t alone.
“Hey, listen up. She doesn’t know you’re alive, remember? So, don’t do anything stupid, al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Jealousy
Mildly Dubious Consent
Possessive Behavior
Vibrators
Butt Plugs
Cock Rings
Prostate Massage
Prostate Orgasm
Marking
Light Bondage
Power Dynamics
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
Biting
Coming Untouched

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

