Work Text:
It was rather ironic that the first mortal to pray to Loki in centuries, was not only an enemy, but a man who had no idea what his words were doing.The first one could be fairly easily explained; the man was kidnapped, in fear for his life, half-broken and entirely desperate. Loki had frozen halfway across the world, unable to believe whose voice was in his head, praying and cursing at him in equal measure.It was the tirade of a dying man; a man who knew he was soon to be finished off and was furious it couldn’t be more dignified, that he couldn’t ‘have gone out in a blaze of heroic glory kicking your godly ass, Loki’.It was a rambled prayer, more a monologue than the few short whispers for guidance or to be spared that Loki had heard many a century past - yet Loki had stood riveted, completely transfixed at hearing someone ask, of all the gods in the pantheon, Loki for help.Loki had acted without thinking; following the mental link all the way to Anthony Stark’s cell to find him chained, beaten, bleeding and exhausted. Loki was invisible to the mortal, but he barely glanced at him before walking through the walls of the compound to find the mortal’s armour. It took the work of moments to activate one of the tracking devices to allow the Avengers to find their lost comrade.Loki still remained nearby, directing the man’s captors and interrogates away from Stark’s cell until his fellow heroes could reach him. Thor was, thankfully, on Asgard, allowing Loki to remain and guard Stark until he was discovered by his allies. When he was sure the man was safe, Loki disappeared from the complex entirely.Yet, despite departing from Stark, Loki couldn’t stop himself from attaching a small spell to the man. It was imperceptible to anyone who wasn’t looking. It was a charm he hadn’t performed in hundreds of years, but he felt a surprisingly soft smile form as he let the bond of god and disciple form between them.Should Anthony Stark ever pray to him again; Loki had made sure he would always hear it.
And the mortal did pray to him.It was by no means frequent and seemed more of a joke to the mortal than any serious offer of fealty, but Loki found himself stopping what he was doing to listen raptly each time. Stark sometimes prayed to him when he was bored; his remarks usually to curse Loki or wonder what he was up to and Loki always found himself amused, listening to the mortal and chuckling.He prayed often when he was lonely or depressed; he would sound so tired, so stripped bare of his many masks and confidence. He would confess the secrets of his head and heart; revealing that he was every inch a lost, broken man in need of guidance. It physically hurt Loki not to go to him in those moments, to try to help or sooth the man’s troubled soul.But Loki was not so foolish as to forget how unwelcome his appearance would be to Stark. On rare occasions, Stark would pray to him in moments of pride and happiness; when he’d achieved some new wonder with his inventions and wished to share his triumph. Few and far between though they were, Loki cherished those moments the most.The prayers Loki hated were when Stark awoke from a nightmare.The first time he was called after Stark experienced such a dream, Loki had gasped for breath at the amount of, fear, panic, need, distress that had hit him. Stark’s prayer was full of hitched words and an attempt to distract himself from what he’d just experienced.Loki didn’t even think before he appeared at Stark’s tower.He’d expected to be attacked by Stark’s artificial servant or to have alarms blare as Stark’s technology sensed his presence, but nothing occurred and Loki was able to walk unhindered to Stark’s bedroom. He’d had enough sense to cloak himself so that he could not be seen, but he felt a tug to his heart when he found the mortal curled up in the corner of the room, arms around his knees.The artificial servant, JARVIS, was attempting to calm him to little avail. Loki just stepped over to the other man and bent down just enough to be able to run a hand through his hair and feed calming magic and a spell of sleep into his body.“Be calm, my mortal,” Loki whispered, his voice so low that not even Stark’s technology would hear it. “You are under the protection of your God.”Stark’s brow furrowed in confusion and he made a small sound of perplexity but the magic was taking hold. It allowed the man to drift off to sleep while swiftly forgetting the half-heard promise.While Loki truly wished he could have picked up the man and carried him to his bed, Loki knew he would not be able to hide the action from JARVIS’ eye without disrupting the tower’s cameras and thereby making Stark suspicious. He settled for shifting to stand with his back to the wall. He kept his hand in Stark’s hair, lightly playing with the strands. Loki remained with the mortal until the first light of the sun was entering Stark’s room. The mortal had drifted to lean slightly against Loki’s leg as the hours had pass
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 5.000-10.000
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Prayer
Developing Relationship
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Pining
Magic
Nightmares
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Comfort
Protectiveness
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Falling In Love
Feels
Accidental Relationship
Accidental Bonding
Fluff
Tony Stark Has Nightmares

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

