Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Just for the record: Tony had no idea what he was doing.That wasn't anything new, of course, but now his plan was especially wobbly. And not wobbly in the sense of “okay, I'll do that, but it probably won't work, so I might have to improvise”. No, more like “why the fuck am I even here?”.The answer to that question: SHIELD. Oh, and Thor. And Tony's own curiosity, which would definitely be the death of him at some probably very early point in his life. And very early might just mean in about five minutes, because he was about to enter the cell of a very labile Norse God with a complete lack of patience and minor anger issues. The fact that said god had already thrown him out of a window once before wasn't really reassuring, either.Tony could imagine that this encounter would be different than their last one, though. Because this time, he definitely had the upper hand. He wasn't entirely sure if he had the right to use that advantage – it had always seemed a bit unfair to him – but if it protected him from falling more than two hundred meters deep for a second time, well. He wasn't above using it, really.Gladly, the god was in a cell without windows. So the chances of being thrown out of one were very low. Apart from that, it wasn't as bad as Tony had imagined. Austere, yes, but not deliberately cruel. Not more than necessary, anyway.It was still a sorry sight.Loki was curled up on the cot in one corner of the cell, facing the clinically white wall. The cot was definitely too small for the tall god, and his position couldn't possibly be comfortable. There was a toilet in another corner and a sink next to it, a chair in the middle of the room, and that was it.Loki hadn't left this cell for three weeks, and Tony couldn't help but feel just the tiniest bit sorry for him. As far as he knew, the God of Mischief hadn't eaten and spent the most of this time just like Tony could see him now. Lying completely still, not reacting to anything, trying to shut the world out. Tony had no idea if it was working, but somehow he doubted it.When he entered the cell, Loki didn't move. Tony stood there for a moment, staring at the god's back. He threw a glance at the mirror that covered one entire wall of the cell, knowing that Fury and Romanoff were watching his every step. Then, he pulled the chair a bit farther away from the cot, dropped the bag on the ground next to him, and sat down.He could smell the fear. It wasn't as strong as he had expected, only a vague hint of the distress he had prepared himself for. Still strong enough to make him want to go to Loki and wrap him up in a blanket or something. He fought that urge and suppressed a sigh – this was going to take a while. His first impulse that didn't have anything to do with instincts was to make a quip of some sort, but he had the feeling that would only make things worse. And so he waited, eyes still fixed on Loki's lithe form.Twenty minutes passed before Loki spoke.“You smell different than the others.”His voice was calm and controlled, but tired. There was a slight rasp to it, probably because he hadn't spoken in weeks.“Better or worse?”, Tony asked, keeping his own tone light.No answer. There was an audible inhale of breath, though. Not really a gasp, but close. Tony wasn't sure whether that was a good sign or not.“Why do they smell different?”, Loki asked after another five minutes.“They're taking suppressants, most of them. Makes their work easier.”“Ah.” A pause. “And that woman?”“You mean Romanoff?”“Yes.”The god's voice was bare of any emotion, but Tony could detect a hint of anger in his scent. Probably still sulky because Natasha had managed to manipulate him that one time.Tony made sure that his eyes didn't flicker over to the mirror. “She's special.”“I don't like it.”“Yeah, it's weird”, Tony agreed, smirking. “You won't meet a lot of people like that.”They lapsed into silence again. Loki still didn't turn around, and Tony began to doubt that he would.“Why are you here?”“To explain some things to you. And to make an offer.”“Why did they send you?”Tony hesitated. “I'm sort of the safest bet”, he said eventually.“Why?”“It's a bit complicated”, Tony said, perfectly aware that he was hedging. He shifted a little on his chair. “But that's the complicated stuff I'm here to explain, I guess. So you can ask whatever you want. If you want to ask anything at all.”“I just asked you something.”“Yeah.”“So?”“Would you mind turning around for this? I mean, you don't have to, and your back's really nice to look at, but I bet your face would be nicer.”Nothing, for a rather long while. Then, Loki stirred, and very slowly sat up. It looked as if it took him a great deal of strength to even move. Hell, Tony was surprised that he could move at all. Loki spent a few more minutes facing the wall, one hand grasping the thin sheet the cot was covered with. When he finally turned around, Tony almost regretted asking him to.Loki looked awful. It reminded Tony
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Loki & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Loki
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Gets a Hug
Falling In Love
Touch-Starved
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Pack Dynamics
Protective Tony Stark
bless Tony he's trying his best
Rutting
Pining
Jealous Loki (Marvel)
Oblivious Tony Stark
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Masturbation
Self-Lubrication
consent is important
Mating Bites
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Panic Attacks
Domestic
Slightly Awkward Conversations
Communication Is Difficult
Possessive Behavior
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Threats of Violence
Sexual Harassment
Hand Jobs
Anal Fingering
Explicit Consent
Acceptance
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Smut
Morning Sex
Cuddling & Snuggling
Scent Marking
Snark
Angst with a Happy Ending
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Love Confessions
Overstimulation
Jealous Tony Stark
Insecure Loki (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Anal Sex
Porn with Feelings
Character Development

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Loki & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Loki
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

