Work Text:
The start of the whole mess is this crappy made-for-TV rom com that they’re watching on a Saturday night while Eddie is bone tired but too wired to sleep, and Venom is mostly full on an entire three-tier chocolate cake. He’s not sure what the exact plot is, having tuned in halfway through - something about fake dating and a wedding - but whatever, both leads are blandly attractive and it’s mindlessly entertaining even though the ending is obvious from a mile away.The love interest has just shown up on the protagonist’s doorstep, completely soaked through with rain and wearing a soulfully contrite expression on his handsome face. Eddie briefly tries to mimic his sad take-me-back smile, wondering if it would’ve worked on Anne, then feels immediately embarrassed, shaking his head when Venom sends an inquisitive hum his way. Mr. Handsome Love Interest holds out a sodden bouquet to Lovely Protagonist, making some kind of quip to sum up the parade of ridiculous obstacles he just went through to get here. The flowers look, to be honest, pretty nasty, but Lovely Protagonist accepts it with a sigh and a smile anyway.Why is he giving her wet vegetation, Venom asks from inside Eddie’s head. Sometimes they like to come out in the open when they’re at home, draped around Eddie’s neck like a really tacky scarf or splayed out in a blob along his body for easy access to pats. Eddie first started petting them by accident, as a holdover from his days with Mr. Belvedere, and then he felt sort of awkward about it until he felt a flash of pleasure at the touch that he knew hadn’t come from himself. Tonight they’re staying in, thrumming comfortably under Eddie’s skin like rainfall on the pavement.“People like flowers,” Eddie says with a shrug. He takes another sip of his water. “Annie wasn’t super into them, but we’d get some for the dining room sometimes.”
They are soggy! Disgusting.
“She’s not going to eat them, buddy. She’s- look, they go in the vase. To look pretty and shit.”Venom is unimpressed. And she’s satisfied with this gift? Pathetic.“It’s usually not so bad. Most bouquets aren’t sopping wet when you get them. Anyway, it’s just a way of showing that he cares- that he was trying to do something nice for her.”
Why doesn’t he just tell her? 
Eddie hums as he muses this over. “I mean, probably because this is a dumb movie with a bad plot. But some people think actions speak louder than words. Anyone can just say ‘I love you.’ Sometimes you have to show them with the things you do for them to really believe you.” Eddie’s always been a words kind of guy, but it had also been nice when Anne or his other exes expressed themselves through a different love language.Interesting, is what Venom says, but their tone is unusually curious. He can feel them carding through his memories for more information.The main characters are now sharing a passionate kiss, because whatever stupid misunderstanding that came between them has been magically resolved in the four seconds Eddie wasn’t paying attention. Ah. This is much better, Venom says, pleased by the couple still kissing as the camera spins dramatically around them another time. “This is what you’re into? Kissing?” Eddie asks, half-amused and half-concerned, because what if Venom wants to go out experimenting? Eddie’s already grown way too used to the idea of his body now being their body, allowing his symbiote to take the wheel when necessary or convenient, but if Venom gets it into their mind to go test drive the San Francisco dating scene using Eddie’s body, they’ll have to lay down some ground rules.It was more fun for you than me, Venom says, sounding smug, though I could grow used to it.“It was more- oh. Right.” It had been pretty fun for Eddie, all the adrenaline and terror from almost getting murdered in the woods notwithstanding. He’d like to think it was mostly because of Anne, but deep down inside (hopefully somewhere that Venom can’t see), he’ll admit that it was maybe 60% Annie and 40% Venom. 58/42. 50/50?Anyhow. “Well, if you want to go out trying it again, just warn me first, okay? It’s my body too. I should get a say in who we make out with.”
Don’t be stupid. I have no interest in anyone but you.
Oh. Eddie finds himself flushing at that, because even if it’s just his special alien parasite that literally needs him to stay alive saying so, it’s still nice to hear. Maybe because it’s his special alien parasite saying so. The thought of Venom leaving him again, of finding a superior host - it almost makes Eddie feel physically ill. It’s beyond the heartbreak he suffered when he drove Anne away. Their separation outside the Life Foundation had put him in a bad way, sending him into a spiral of guilt curtailed only by Anne’s persistent support and the media storm sweeping up around him at the time. He and Venom had only been joined for a few days at most at that point. Now, after months of living in and around each other, he knows he’d be pretty irreparably fucke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Fluff
Wooing
Courtship
Didn't Know They Were Dating
Romantic Comedy
Idiots in Love
Mutual Pining
Inexcusably Oblivious
Romantic Gestures
(attempted)
Officially Married

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

