Chapter 1: Welcome to the world.
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Parker... Parker! Penny Parker!" The voice broke though the sleepy haze Penny had been fighting, forcing her to sit up with a small 'huh.' Teary eyes looking around the classroom to mostly amused faces, with a few sympathetic ones among them. It was those that made Penny smile, her friends. Right till she heard her name again."Yes, Mr Powers?" Penny did her best to hold back the yawn in her voice as she answered him, looking to the presentation he had presented to the class, a graphic of the inside of a arm, the muscles shown. The teacher gestured to it, as if expecting the answer from her right away. Holding back the feeling to yawn again, the teenager frowned and gave it a quick look, ah, that was easy. "Sir, it's a build up of Lactic acid in the muscles. But we've already-""Thank you! Ms Parker. Yes. We are going to be taking a second look at Lactic acid and how it affects the muscles when you're an idiot that doesn't take the precautions to stop such a build up. Lactic acid is built up though physical activities, and generally it is a good idea to do..." The teacher slowed down, looking to certain faces before a hand lifted, causing Mr Powers to mock a shocked face. "My, Mr Thompson. Glad to see you are finally learning. Go on then. Give us the most basic answer to the most basic question."Despite how the phys ed teacher phased it, the jock held his head high and answered without another care in the world. But then, no one snickered at Thompson. It was like a death sentence. Only without the death. Or a sentence. Just a lot of hurt really. "Exercises such as maintaining consistent activity. Know when to back off, heh, back off... Oh, and stretch immediately after your workout." Simple, elegant... Maybe. That was Flash in a nutshell, and Mr Powers simply shrugged."Correct. Enough. Alright kids. Grab your 'biology books' and mark pages one thirty to one thirty eight..."Click. Click. Click. Thump. Lockers opened and closed around Penny as she opened her own with a rusted click. Knowing that she'd need to ask about getting a new locker soon... But how long till that one suddenly had a fault in it, it almost seemed too common to be a coincidence, but then maybe she was overthinking it. Letting out a sigh, she put away her last classes books and replaced them with a different kind of biology book. The best kind. "Pen." Penny turned to the voice, seeing the flair of red hair before her face, and smiling. After all, what wasn't great about seeing one of her really good friend's, MJ. "Hey Mary. Before you say anything, I wasn't asleep! I think..." Penny tried to get in before she got another lashing from MJ About how she should be taking better care of herself, but she only got a sigh from the red head as she got into her own locker. "MJ?" Penny could handle an answer, but the silence was starting to get to her, along with all the clicks. Clicks. Click."Pen. You know I love you. You know I know you have trouble sleeping. I can't fault you for that. It's a thing you can't help. But look what it is doing to you. All you do is sit in your room and eat till you sleep." MJ poked into Penny's side, met only with a softness that even Penny despised as she lightly slapped the intruding finger away."Heeey! It's not my fault I need comfort food... Where is Harry? He should be here..." Looking to move the conversation away from her insomnia. MJ sighed and crossed her arms as if in agreement. Osborn was late. They met up, went to biology. They spoke and laughed and it honestly made Penny's day a hundred times better when the three of them were together. But he still wasn't here. Why?"Well, slow poke can lose the chance to hang out with us! Come on." MJ grabbed the rest of her things and closed her locker, locking it and moving towards their class, forcing Penny to rush her own work to do the same."He better be here tomorrow. We're going on that field trip to Os-corp. We need him there. He was going to get us that extra tour. Reeemember." Penny mewled to MJ as they got to their class, forcing the two into silence as Mr Connors came in, their current replacement for Ms Jerryiba. Having a college tutor for a teacher had proven both difficult and amazing. Ultimately spectacular. 
  As the bell took it's toll on their ears, signaling the end of school, Penny found MJ and quickly attempted to get her neighbor out of the school. "Hey! Penny! What?" The girl protested, shaking herself free easily from the smaller girl."MJ! You know Stacy and Allan's like to push me around. I'd rather not deal with them. Not now. Not with tomorrow happening." Penny said, knowing MJ knew just as well, despite the fact the three of them use to be a trio... Till MJ couldn't handle everything Allan's would push the two to do. Letting out a defeated sigh, MJ held her hand out to Penny to take, who took it with gusto as the two of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Relationships may happen during the course of this written work

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker.
Universe of ones own ideas I guess. Not much might be changed
but will certainly try to do things my own way
Ps4 spiderman taught me that much
Btw. As this goes. I might actually update this so that it isnt as bad as it is right now.
Some tags above might not appear for some time
Character tags I mean.

fandom: 
Relationships may happen during the course of this written work

