Chapter 1: Call It a Freudian Slip
    




Chapter Text
It was just a normal night, really. No different than any other. Foggy Nelson, walking home from the tiny but beloved offices of Nelson and Murdock, whistling as he went. The streets were quiet but not deserted, and there was Chinese takeout waiting for him in his fridge.Except, just as Foggy was passing the mouth of an alleyway, there was a loud thud and a cry of pain. He took another step, past the alley. Then another. Then…“Dammit,” Foggy hissed to himself, tightening his grip on the strap of his shoulder bag.If it came to it, he could tug off the bag and fling it at whoever was attacking people in alleyways, he contented himself. His junky old laptop was probably heavy enough to concuss a mugger. Probably.Ok, yeah, he was going to get himself killed. But whatever.The further Foggy stepped into the alley, the more his eyes adjusted to the dark of it. A dumpster, a few loose bags of trash, and then—There. A guy sagged against the alley wall. His face was covered in blood and he wasn’t moving.“Oh, shit, are you ok, man?” Foggy asked, hurrying over, pressing his fingers to the guy’s pulse point, and praying he wasn’t dead.And, well.You know.No good deed goes unpunished and all that.Because suddenly there was a bruisingly-tight grip on his wrist, and before Foggy could quite figure out what had happened, the guy he’d been trying to help was standing and tugging Foggy back against him with an arm hooked around his throat.Cool, Foggy thought with a slightly hysterical flavor of his usual dry sarcasm. This is obviously the ideal way to go.“Back off or I snap his neck,” the injured guy growled thickly at the shadows.As far as Foggy could see, there was no one there. But then again, it wasn’t likely the guy had punched his own face into the mess it currently was, so… Maybe there was someone there. It was pretty clear that the guy threatening to murder Foggy in cold blood wasn’t exactly a good dude, but Foggy wasn’t sure he wanted to meet anyone that could freak out a bad guy that much. There was, for better or worse, no response from the shadows. The threatening guy took a stumbling step backwards, taking Foggy with him. Still no response.And then there was a loud crack from behind them.Foggy found himself knocked aside in the scuffle and went crashing into a wall. Um. Ow.Meanwhile, there was a lot of punching noises and swearing going on but Foggy was too busy trying to catalogue his minor injuries and get his bearings to deal with it. With no guarantee that either of the people fighting was remotely on the right side of the law, he was going to keep himself as the priority.Starting with getting up. Right now.Seriously.Now.Distantly, he noticed the commotion had gone silent. Cool. Great.Foggy staggered to his feet, bracing himself with one palm against the alley wall. It took a few moments for his eyes to focus, but once they did they settled firmly on the lithe form of a single man, the upper half of his face covered in a black mask.A… A mask.Foggy blinked. Blinked again. No, Dread Pirate Roberts was definitely still there. For three long seconds, Foggy’s brain chugged uselessly. And then it clicked.“You’re the— the guy,” he stammered. “Who saved Karen.”A thin, mocking smirk tilted the masked man’s lips, and he nudged aside the unconscious dude at his feet to take a step closer to Foggy.“I am,” he said in a low, rough voice.“Holy shit.” Foggy shook his head. “I mean, uh. Thanks for the save, dude.”The masked guy dipped his head.“My pleasure.”Oh. Wow. Yeah. Foggy was maybe going to be thinking about those words said in that voice for… Longer than appropriate. He cleared his throat uncomfortably and fell back on his usual defense – humor.“Well, my brief foray into heroism seems to be a flop,” joked Foggy. “Not only did I not save anyone, I ended up needing saving myself. Zero out of ten.”There was a soft, fluttering exhale from the man in the mask, as though he were trying to stifle a laugh.“I don’t know,” he replied to Foggy, warmly. “I’d give you at least a solid five. You certainly saved my night.”Oh. Foggy swallowed thickly. Oh, was that…? Was the masked guy…? Was he flirting? No, no. That… That wasn’t flirting. Was it? No, it couldn’t have been.Foggy’s dating history included a lot of very hot people, so it wasn’t a low self-esteem thing. It was just… Come on, some crazy street-fighting vigilante? Having the hots for a random dude he just met? Really?No, if there was sexual tension it was pretty much guaranteed to be one-sided.Foggy cleared his throat.“So. Um. What exactly was up with… That guy?” he wondered.Immediately, the masked man’s mouth twisted into an ugly snarl.“Human trafficker,” he explained shortly. “Tried to grab a high schooler.”“Ah.” Yeah, ok, Foggy didn’t feel that bad for him, then; well, except, uh… “… He’s alive, though, right?”Again, the masked guy’s expression changed on a dime, though Foggy couldn’t quite make out what it might mea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page

freeform: 
Humor
Secret Identity
Season/Series 01
Identity Porn
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Foggy Nelson Is a Good Bro
Bisexual Foggy Nelson
Bisexual Matt Murdock
Bisexual Karen Page
Canon Typical Slurs/Inflammatory Language by Stick
Arson
Seriously just so much arson
idiot plot
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page

