Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Three social media accounts, 12 million followers, and two verifications later @incorrectavengers is one of the top incorrect account there is. No one knows exactly who owns the account, and there has been multiple attempt at hacking into it by people all over the world - some say even the Avengers themselves - but to no result. Their follower and content grows, far more than anyone could expect and now millions of people wait with bated breath for their next post.
 
They wait, especially, for the intern. The legend, the myth, and the blue moon.  Tony Stark’s intern.
 
------------
 
The first time it happened, Peter didn’t notice.
 
MJ looks after the accounts on Mondays and Tuesdays, so she was in charge queueing, posting, answering questions. As high quality as their content is, it was getting a bit monotonous with only the Avengers as their source of entertainment. MJ noticed that some of their followers had been requesting to put Spider-man into the mix. MJ agreed with their sentiment, she’ll bring this up in the group chat later.
 
It was lunchtime and Peter had just ran out to help a robbery down the road, so Ned sat with her at the lunch table. “Man, I hope Peter gets back in time, we’ve only got 15 minutes left.” Her friend watched the timer on his phone as the seconds tick by.
 
“It’s a small robbery, or so he said, so he’d better be. Or you’ll have to call Stark.”
 
Ned’s eyes bulged in panic, after an incident a few weeks back no one is particularly in the mood to call Iron Man and say  hey your protégé son mentee was hurt saving the city and its people when he’s supposed to be at school . Michelle refused to admit it, but even she can’t help the shiver that runs up her spine at the idea.
 
To distract herself, she opened their shared document to check on what content they have left. That’s when she saw the new addition to their folder. “Ned, did you make a new word doc?”
 
“Uh, no? I haven’t checked on anything since last Friday. Why- oh my god don’t tell me it’s hacked!”
 
“No, at least I don’t think so…” She double clicked on the document icon, and they both sat together waiting for the slow internet to load, “Huh.”
 
“Huh.”
 
“You reckon he’d mind if we use this?”
 
For once, MJ didn’t have a reply. Her expression softened without her consent as she read the first few lines of the document. Peter must have written this as an archive of Tony’s words to him - if you eliminate the dumb ones of course. “Looks like a gold mine to be honest, but we’re only using the… less emotional ones.”
 
She let Ned have a closer look at the document and he soon nodded without another word. “Yeah,” Emotion riddles his voice, “yeah let’s just use… the others. I hope this doesn’t backfire on us.”
 
“Well, the people have been asking for Spider-man content, they didn’t specify which part one.”
 

@incorrectavengers

Employee: This is bad! Someone hacked into the system and they’re playing despacito through the R&D department non-stop! Tony Stark: Employee:No.1 intern: *slowly closes laptop*Tony Stark:No.1 intern: that’s so sad, FRIDAY play despacito.
[despacito plays to screaming intern]
 
Peter was too busy being yelled at by Mrs. Borris for being 5 minutes late to class,  again , to notice anything.
 
----------------------------

2.

 
The second time only happened after Peter skulked about for 8 days and 4 hours. Peter knew it was his fault for putting that document in the shared one, not his private account. He was running on 4 cups of coffee, 3 snicker bars, 3 hour sleep and an unsurprising bout of late night anxiety. So sue him. Or don’t. Neither May or he would be able to afford a lawyer, but hey maybe Tony would recommend him one for a discount?
 
No matter that. 2 days after the initial intern post, as the people call it, Peter was pissed that they’d done it without asking him for permission. Ned apologised profusely and even MJ made a point of saying sorry and being nice (read: gentle shoulder tap instead of arm punch for greeting) for the whole week and by the end of it he was milking it for what it’s worth. He called them to a meeting on Saturday, he wasn’t going to the Tower that weekend because May had the time off.
 
When his friends arrive, they were mildly cautious but gave him a warm smile as they both trickle into the living room. May has left a few minutes earlier to buy them lunch and subsequently giving  the teenagers time to plot world domination .
 
Peter cleared his throat, “So,” Picking at his shirt sleeve as he prepared for what he’s going to say, “it wasn’t cool what you guys did, but I kinda get it people are asking for more recently and this is new material. I- I’m not angry I just wished you guys had asked me beforehand you know?” Ned and MJ nodded, chastised.
 
“Thank you for not using… the other stuff in the document.” He started pacing now, “I admit the prank’s pretty funny… and people seem to like it. So, I- I don’t mind posting it to the account from 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Stark Industry's Magnificent Interns
social media is a no joke
incorrect accounts
IronDad and SpiderSon
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Prankster Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

