Chapter 1: Who Can Say For Certain
    


Summary:

The phone call that turned Peter's life upside down forever.





Chapter Text
One moment, Peter was on the couch, eyelids heavy and trying not to fall asleep waiting, then the next he was asleep, being awoken to the deafening ringtone from his phone next to his ear. Heightened senses aside, that ringtone could have woken a Snorlax.Peter blinked sleep out of his eyes and groped around the couch for his phone, barely keeping his eyes open.“Hello?” he mumbled sleepily.“Is this Peter Parker?” said a voice that was unfamiliar with Peter.“Yes,” he said cautiously, tiredness slipping away.“I am very sorry to inform you, but your aunt, May Parker, was in a devastating car accident,” the voice said, and Peter sat bolt upright, stomach flipping over, suddenly not tired anymore.“Wha- is she okay?” Peter said, jumping from the couch and throwing on a jacket.“She is in critical condition at your local hospital,” the voice said.The thought of putting shoes on didn’t cross Peter’s mind until after he started sprinting down the streets of Queens with just sock-clad feet, jeans, a t-shirt, and a bomber jacket. “I’m on my way,” Peter said and ended the call.Peter received a couple of funny looks from civilians as he Olympic Sprinted towards the hospital. His hair bounced about atop his head in tight ringlets.He rushed into the hospital once he arrived but didn’t stop sprinting until he reached the hallway where he encountered a woman dressed in white. Her head snapped up at the sound of Peter’s heavy footsteps and she immediately stood in his way, holding her arm out against Peter’s shoulder.“Whoa, honey, where are you going?” she said, sweetly but firmly.Peter’s lungs burned from the shear amount of running he just put his body through. “My aunt. Where is May Parker?” he said, his chest heaving.“Oh,” the lady said softly. “What is your name?”“Peter Parker, I’m her nephew,” Peter said. “Where is she?” He made a move to push past the lady, but she kept her ground.“Peter, dear, I know this is going to be hard to hear, but May Parker just died.”Time seemed to stop and the only light in the world was focused on Peter and the lady. The words that were the last thing in the universe that Peter wanted to hear rang through his ears. His mind sectioned off each syllable and it played in his head like a broken record.
May Parker just died.
“Wh-what?” Peter choked out, his head beginning to spin.
May Parker just died.
“Honey, I’m sorry for your loss,” the lady sympathized.“Where is she?” Peter said, tears beginning to burn his eyes.“Room 34, but—” Peter barged past her and found the room.
May Parker just died.
The tears in Peter’s eyes clouded his vision when he pushed open the door. A body bag was zipped down the centre around May’s lifeless form, but even through the blurring tears, Peter could see her hand through the plastic, limp and motionless.He stepped closer, but his legs gave out and he crashed to the floor, landing hard on his knees and the palms of his hands. Peter dragged himself over to May’s body and the tears in his eyes started to spill over his lids, creating streams down his cheeks. “No,” Peter managed, giving up and slumping against the wall.A sob ripped through him. He brought his knees into his chest, hugged them to his figure and then the waterworks emerged, and Peter lost it. The sobs were loud, deafening, and the intensity of them hurt his throat, but he couldn’t stop. He shoved his face into his hands and continued to cry.The room was dark, as it was currently around midnight and the only light was the soft glow of the moon through the window. The table cast a shadow across the room and Peter could see each curve and lump of his aunt’s corpse, even though the bag.This is my fault this is my fault this is my fault. The four words became a mantra in Peter’s head, and it just made him cry harder.The door opened during Peter’s breakdown and a short lady with glasses entered the room. “Peter Parker, I’m Isabel Connors, a social worker,” she said right away. “I’m very sorry about your loss.”Peter forced himself to look up and he met Isabel’s eyes.“Unfortunately, May was your last living relative. I’m sure you’re a very capable boy, but there is no other choice but to put you in foster care,” she said, without even a hint of sympathy in her voice.“I-I can file- file for emanci- emancipation,” Peter said, his voice hitched with sobs.Isabel sighed. “I’m sorry, Peter, but there is no other option.”“Get out,” Peter snarled, pulling himself to his feet using the table May’s corpse was laying on.“Peter, I’m afraid that is against—”“Get out!!” Peter yelled, tears streaming down his face. “Get the fuck out!!”“Peter, dear—”“Get out!!”He crumpled to the floor again and the satisfying click of the door indicated that Isabel had left him be.I have to call someone, the reasonable section of Peter’s mind went.With shaky hands and tears that continued to pour from his eyes, Peter 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Crying
Minor Character Death
I killed May
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Death
well aunt death
Temporary guardianship
Lots of Crying
Sorry Peter cries so much but you can't really blame him
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Feels
Nightmares
services
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Flash is a dick
Grief/Mourning
Tony Stark Cries
Platonic Cuddling
Cuddling
Adoption
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Completed

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

