Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark couldn't help it. The omega inside his workshop was smelling so good and constantly rubbing that swollen bonding gland. Spreading his scent everywhere.
Tony whimpered softly. Did the boy really not know he was about to go into heat? And that it wasn't the smartest thing to be in a Tower full of alphas who could jump into rut as soon as they smelled him?Then the boy bent over and that was it for Tony - something snapped, and before he knew it he had pounced on Peter, making the omega jump.
"Mr. Stark...?" That was fear in his voice, but his bonding gland just called for Tony to come even closer, so he did. Ignoring the fear of the (soon to be his) omega. "Hello there." Tony purred, scenting the omega, burying his nose in the boy's neck and inhaling deeply. "God, you smell like heaven, boy."
"Mr. Stark! That's inappropriate!" Peter shoved him, and Tony growled. "You parading that sweet ass around while you know you're going into heat is inappropriate, boy." Tony pulled peter towards him again, feeling him up.
"Mr. Stark. I think you're in rut, for one reason or another. Please, come back to your senses. I really need my mentor right now..." Tony noticed the boy was starting to sweat. His heat was starting. For a moment Tony's head was clear again; he needed to get Peter safe, and get the boy some pain killers, as he was already whimpering in pain. The scent of slick, however, drove him into rut again, and rather deep this time.
"It's not your mentor you need, it's your Alpha." Tony smiled sweetly at the boy, before kissing him. He noticed how the boy melted into the kiss and smiled. "Don't worry, Alpha's here." He promised. Peter whimpered softly, hands clawing at his hurting stomach.
"I know. It hurts, doesn't it?"
"Yes. Please, make it stop."
"Don't worry, sweet little thing. I'll take away the pain." Tony lifted the boy and carried him towards his penthouse.
"Please,call Aunt May... She'll know what to do..." Peter breathed, as he curled up on the bed.
"Oh sweetie. We don't need Auntie May. I'll take care of you from now on. Understood?"
"Yes, Alpha."
Tony almost purred at these words of utter submission.
"Good boy."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Tony
Omega Peter
Omega Peter Parker
Dubious Consent
Hot Sex
Claiming Bites
Claiming
Mpreg
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

