Chapter 1: The Encounter
    


Notes:
Bonus art at the end.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
 
 
“Are you seeing this shit…?”
 
He’s not talking to anyone in particular, per se, but it’s the type of thing one would mutter when confronted with a spectacle so bizarre that there’s nothing else you can really do but voice your disbelief. Which is exactly the kind of sight that Eddie Brock is seeing.
 
He checks his surroundings, unsure if he’s the only one.
 
He is.
 
Eddie takes a cautious step forward toward the small, glass jar next to his motorbike, housing a thick, black substance.
 

 How suspicious. 

 
Eddie scratches his neck in confusion. If it were any other jar, he would have assumed it was just ink, or black paint, or even dirty motor oil left next to his bike. He probably would have kicked it away if that were the case.
 
But the peculiarities lay with two crucial facts: the first being that Eddie  swears the jar wasn't there when he first parked. He’s usually pretty good about committing his environment to memory.
 
And the second (and stranger one) being that the contents inside the jar appear to be  moving. And with directional intent too.
 
His bike casts a shadow across the length of the jar, and the substance inside appears to be doing all that they can to stay within the shaded region. The black slime shakes in the jar, twisting and frothing uncomfortably, and on occasion, a piece of itself would shudder and overflow onto the other side which kisses the sunlight, before it quickly rushes back into the darkness.
 

 Is this a joke? 

 
Eddie looks around again, only to see empty streets. He hopes he's not the victim of a twisted prank channel, but he doesn’t see any cameras in his vicinity. He’s not afraid to admit he’s a little bit scared - he’s not that cold, hard-boiled investigator he wishes to be - but he takes a step closer anyway until his body casts its own shadow, completely immersing the jar in the dark.
 
Almost immediately, the liquid relaxes, redistributing their mass to fill the side of the container they were previously avoiding. It was then that Eddie realizes two things: first, this liquid is either alive or has some mannerisms resembling life, and second, this poor creature was being boiled  alive. 
 
Eddie bites his lower lip and squats to get a closer look. Surprisingly, the liquid responds likewise, shifting most of their mass toward Eddie as if they were doing the same.
 
“What... are you…?”
 
He reaches out, then hesitates. The possibility of danger finally squeezes it’s way to his consciousness. But curiosity overpowers him and he finally takes the jar into his hand. The jar itself is small and easily occupies a single palm, and unsurprisingly warm after baking in the sunlight.
 
Eddie turns the jar in his hand to face the other way. Curiously, the liquid doesn’t seem to want to change positions as they ripple back to the side of the jar closest to Eddie. He frowns and turns it again, and the contents crawl back to face him. He tips it upside down and away from him, and they defy both his expectations and gravity, plastering themself to Eddie’s side.
 
“Interesting,” he notes. Against his better judgement, he twists the lid open just enough for the  hiss  of hot moisture to escape before he quickly seals it again. He looks at them through the glass and they appear to be  better,  with their black, amorphous surface no longer rippling emphatically with discomfort. Instead, they simply pulse organically. Relaxed.
 
Eddie, too, feels relief.
 
He checks his surroundings one last time before placing the jar in one of the pockets of his jacket, then starts up his bike. Eddie’s not sure of what to make of this, but the idea of discovering more makes his chest flutter with excitement.
 
 
 
Eddie Brock isn’t ashamed to admit his apartment’s a shithole. He gets jobs every now and then, but he still wouldn’t consider that being employed, especially if most of his time is spent looking for work rather than  doing  work. It’s amazing that he’s able to afford an apartment at all.
 
One day, he’ll  become a hot-shot journalist. One day, he’ll be the ones writing the headlines on publications like the Daily Globe, or maybe even Time. One day, he’ll  be getting that upgrade in life and no longer needing to live off the kind of food that’s surely shortening his remaining time on earth.
 
But like the trash strewn haphazardly across his apartment that he swears he’ll pick up, that day has yet to come.
 
Even so, Eddie welcomes this new creature into his dump of a home. Of course, he’s not without his reservations and he decides to tread forth with caution.
 
Eddie pulls the jar out of his pocket and eyes his new friend. They pulse oddly, as if discomfited by the shaky ride home, but otherwise seems fine compared to when he first found them. He notes how cramped they must feel inside the jar.
 
“Let’s put you in a bigger home, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Eventual Smut
Alien Biology
Language Barrier
Canon Divergent
Alien Culture
Domestic Fluff
smol venom
venom starts out super smol and cute
Teratophilia
Xenophilia
Comedy
starts out horror for eddie
just comedy for the readers
Some Angst For Good Measure
Miscommunication
murder pudding
Developing Relationship
Some Plot

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

