Work Text:
Sometimes Peter really disliked the fact that the Avengers were at the Stark Tower a lot ever since he met them. Not that he hated it, because, dude! they were the Avengers and Peter got to spend time with them, but then the thing was, Peter was half-spider by mutation and the urge to walk on walls or the times he had to calm his instincts was going to drive him mad. Clint loved to prank and it took ever human cell in Peter's body to make him stay on the ground and not jump on the walls when the archer scared him. He had to suppress the urge to hang upside down and instead opted for half hanging on the couch. Mr Stark, on the other hand, found it hilarious. He would send him a secret smile everytime Peter would clench his hands to stop the urge to stick to something and he was sure that the Super spies caught on to the winks and scruffles easily. Then one day, Peter had to walk away, excusing himself to get a glass of water when Clint started the topic of Spiderman, asking Tony if he knew who he was. Tony had grinned and bit back a booming laugh and that was a perfect answer to his question. Feeling his cheeks turn red when Bucky joined the conversation, recalling how strong he was and Steve agreeing with him had secretly made his day. Later, when both the mentor-mentee worked together comfortably in each others company, working on SI projects when Rhodey and Pepper had joined them, grinning at Peter and laughing at his red beet face when they told him the Avengers asked them if they knew Spiderman. "I say, Natasha will be the first one to find out and Capsicle the last," Tony smirked while wiping his motor oil covered hands and raised his eyebrow when Rhodey shook his head. "Nah man, I think Barnes is very observant, so I think he will find out first and Clint last. He can be a dummy at times." Rhodey chuckled and leaned against the working bench Peter was using and ruffled his hair affectionately, Smiling back when Peter grinned at him. "I would rather no one finds out." mumbling he pouted when the adults rolled their eyes. After that, bets were placed and each party waited for the first person except Peter, who was very much on guard from then onwards. 
1)A week later, Peter had just put on his suit and he found himself in the park, dodging the punch that was aimed at his head, grabbed the muggers elbow and smashed his own fist in the man's face. His spider senses buzzed as a live wire and Peter jumped back, his mouth open seeing the cycle that was supposed to hit him on the ground. "Hey! That was not nice, Mr! I am not a cycle-" webbing the guy to the tree nearby and huffed out an angry breath, "-Stand!" webbing the second guy next to his partner he let out a long breath. "Karen, contact authorities and send location please." He picked up the offensive cycle and took it to the man who was hiding behind the benches and gave it to him. "Here you go, sir." setting it down next to him, Peter felt his lips tug up in a smile when the man beamed at him. "Thank you, Spiderman!." Once the civilian was out oh his sight, Peter made his way back to the City, jumping down on a roof and sighed, lifting his mask up till his forehead and looking up at the stars. He flopped down on the ground and groaned. He had so much work to do and got his midterms were coming closer he needed to study. His running mind and rushing adrenalin made him miss the person near him and Peter almost jumped out of his skin when the Person made a choking noise. "What the fuck! Are you kidding me! You! You are that annoying little brat!?" The familiar voice had Peter turn around so fast he saw stars for a second. Sam Wilson stood in front of him, mouth wide open in disbelief and finger pointing towards him that Peter stumbled over his words, trying to get the situation under control. "Wha...? No..No You got it wrong Mr Wilson! I uh... This is a costume! yeah...uh... you know since Halloween is coming and all." Waving his hand in front of him, he gulped when the hero raised his eyebrow at him. "I saw you swing up on my roof, Peter." The deadpan tone had the teen cringe and he rubbed his neck feeling his cheeks turn red. "I..I was...Um." He looked down at his feet before looking up and meeting the man's eyes once again. They both didn't say anything and Peter noticed the man put the book down which he didn't even know was in his hand until now. "So you mean to tell me that you fought against professional heroes and assassins, blocked the punch of a guy with a metal arm, lifted a jetway that Steve dropped on you and still you roll on the floor when you stub your toe?" The underlying smile had Peter relax and he grinned at the man. "I thought i was going to be left with just nine toes, Mr Wilson. That was scary." smiling cheekily at him, Peter walked closer when Sam motioned him to come and sit next to him. "In all seriousness though, I want answers, Peter." Holding the teenager's gaze he didn't show how much this freaked him out. Startin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
spiderson
Irondad
Fluff
Surprises
this was not supposed to happen
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
steve rogers is angry

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

