Chapter 1: Discovery
    




Chapter Text

Peter smiled when he saw Tony’s picture light up on his phone screen. “Hey, Mr. Stark.”

“Happy Birthday, kid,” Tony said. “Sweet 16, huh?”

“Yeah, thank you,” Peter grinned.

“I’m sending a car for you. I have a present for you at the compound. You good to come by?”

“Yeah, yeah. Of course. I’ll be there. Thank you.” 

Peter was nervous. Now that he was 16, he was supposed to find out who is mate was. It was tiring to be on the look out. He or she could be anywhere. At school, on the bus, or in the middle of the street. He had no idea what he was looking for or how he’d know if he found it. He was glad to be going to the Avengers Compound to take his mind off the whole ordeal. Tony always gave good presents and advice, anyway. Maybe he’d ask him for help. If it came to that.
–
Tony’s heart started racing the minute Happy pulled up with the kid. He looked at the security cameras to watch Peter enter the building. It had been a while since he’d seen the boy in person.

Tony grimaced when he started to feel hot in his suit. It was a three-piece, and he wasn’t interested in losing the jacket. He wanted to be dressed up for Peter’s birthday. He bit his lip, deliberating. Tony wasn’t sure why he was reacting this way. He could hear Peter and Happy making their way down the hallway. It wasn’t like he was nervous…but he felt hot and prickly. He found himself annoyed that Peter and Happy were taking so long. Did they really need to walk so close? He glared at the security monitor.

The man walked out into the hallway with a birthday gift in hand. He could smell both Peter and Happy, but something had changed. As soon as he laid eyes on Peter, his entire body tensed. He felt like throttling Happy to get him away from the boy. Tony felt euphoric and nauseated at the same time. There was so much coming at him. Things he hadn’t felt during any of his 48 years. He’d smelled sickness, attraction, jealousy, and love on other people. He’d smelled the scent of sadness and loneliness on Peter hundreds of times. Nothing ever like this.

Tony turned his gaze to Happy who was completely unaware of the shift Tony had just experienced. “Happy, you need to leave the room.”

He stalked toward Peter who was only just meeting his gaze now. He saw the boy’s nose wrinkle and his eyes widen. Peter looked up at Tony like he was seeing him for the first time, and he immediately stepped toward his alpha, practically stumbling over his feet.

Tony raced to catch him, letting the gift fall to the floor and taking Peter into his arms before turning his back on Happy. When the man moved to question Tony, Tony just bared his teeth. He had no time for anyone else right now. A growl escaped his throat when Happy looked back at Peter. 

Peter’s entire body tingled when he saw Tony’s display of dominance.

“You’re mine now, then,” Tony said, rubbing his face along Peter’s cheek and neck. He was fighting with every fibre in his body not to just tear the kid’s clothes off in the lobby.

Peter whined, unable to articulate any words. He was clutching Tony’s chest in desperation. He was aching for more touches. He wanted to hear more of his alpha’s voice.

“Happy Birthday, baby,” Tony offered. “The gift I got you isn’t fit for a mate…we’ll have to get you something else later,” Tony murmured. His hands were roaming all over Peter’s body. Both of them were beyond hard.

“Okay,” Peter whispered. “I’m happy with anything you give me, sir. I just want you. More of you. Please?”

“You got it, Peter,” Tony agreed. “God, I’ve been waiting my entire life for you. You belong to me now, baby. It’s just you and me. Nobody else.”

Peter moaned at the words. This was the best birthday he’d ever had, and he had a feeling it was going to get a lot better.
Tony manages to get them to his private elevator without taking his hands off of his mate. His Mate! God, the years, the long torturous years waiting for him.  Waiting and than giving up, giving in to the notion that he was an abomination.  A monster.But not anymore.He runs his nose along Peter's neck and cups his ass through his jeans.  He presses open mouth kisses along his jaw toward the teen's lips.  He doesn't hesitate to taste his mate and moan at how delicious he tasted, like peppermint and sweet apples.  Peter must have been sucking on those hard candies again.  His inexperience shows and Tony has to wonder if Peter has ever been kissed."Ever done this before, baby?" Tony grinds Peter's crotch against his, fondling his ass through his jeans. "N-no." The flush that travels over Peter's cheeks is delectable and he wonders how far down it reaches. "There isn't...I mean no one's ever...I h-haven't...""Good." He growls lowly, a massive curl of satisfaction thrumming in his gut and he rolls his hips again. The moan that comes out of Peter's mouth is beautiful.Tony goes in for another kiss.  He makes it filthy and dirty. But it’s not enough.He tears himself away from his ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha/Omega
Omega Peter Parker
Mates
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Knotting
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Tony Stark
Somewhat Dark Tony
Somewhat Dark Tony Stark
Teen Pregnancy
Male Pregnancy
Precious Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Claiming Bites
Bonding
peter is 16
Feminization
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

