Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Boss Peter has arrived and is in the elevator.” Friday announces and Tony looks around the room at the avengers sat on the sofas with him, now all looking at him confused, and sighs.“Whose Peter?” Steve asks the question all the avengers are thinking and Tony tries to think of a way to avoid the kid meeting the avengers but figures he won’t have time.“Alright, well, I was hoping this would happen with a bit of planning or something but basically Peter is my intern.” He explains as the elevator opens. Tony looks over at the kid, as do all of the avengers, and stands up when he sees the look on Peters face. It looks like he’s seconds from bursting into tears. Tony goes to walk towards him but gets barely a step away from the sofa when Peter is tackling him in a hug, almost knocking Tony over. Tony immediately wraps his arms around the kid, who is gripping Tony’s shirt with one hand, pressing his left ear against Tony’s chest and pressing his other hand against his other ear. He would be embarrassed that the avengers are watching him have a breakdown but he’s in too much pain to care. “Hey, kid, what’s wrong?” Tony mutters and Peter let’s the tears fall. Tony’s hand immediately starts threading through Peters hair to try and comfort him.“It- it’s too- it’s too much. Mr Stark- everything is too much.” He sobs into Tony’s chest and he immediately knows the kids having sensory overload. He hasn’t even taken his jacket or backpack off yet so it must be bad. Tony shoots a look at the avengers, noticing how confused they all look, before looking to Bruce, who just nods. He grabs a pair of headphones, specifically modified to block out 99% of sound for Peter, it's virtually impossible to block 100% of the sound Peter can hear, and stands up, placing them on Peters head. He immediately relaxes slightly and takes to burying the front of his face in Tony’s chest to block out the light.“Steve can you hand me those glasses?” Tony asks, gesturing to some sun glasses on the table near him. He does so, confused, and Tony pulls away from Peter slightly and places the glasses on him. Tony wipes the tears off Peters cheeks and sighs.“S’rry Mr Stark.” He mumbles and Tony rolls his eyes, wrapping his arm around the kids shoulders.“It’s okay kid, it’s not your fault.” He says and Peter nods.“So... this Peter?” Clint asks and Tony looks down at Peter who is looking down at the floor.“Give me a second, guys.” Tony says, knowing Peter will want to lie down for a while. Tony leads Peter out of the room and up to his bedroom in the penthouse. “FRIDAY lights at 5%.” He says as he leads Peter over to the bed. Peter drops his bag on the floor and let’s his jacket fall next to it before turning back to Tony.“It’s okay, kid.” Tony says, knowing Peter will be able to hear him slightly. Peter nods and takes the glasses off since the room is dimmed before he sits on the side of his bed.“I’m sorry I interrupted you.” Peter sighs as Tony sits next to him, taking his headphones off and resting his head on Tony’s shoulder.“Pete it’s honestly okay, why didn’t you come home earlier, I know you’ve been in pain for a while, when did it get too much?” Tony asks as he wraps his arm around Peters shoulders.“In PE. Third period.” Peter mutters and Tony frowns.“Kiddo you should have called me.” He sighs before realising the kid just didn’t want him to worry.“Listen, if this happens again you let me know and I’ll come get you, no matter where or when. Now you take a nap and when you’re ready you can come and properly meet the avengers, yeah?” Tony suggests and Peter nods, lying down in bed.“Goodnight kiddo.” Tony whispers, stroking the curls out of Peters face, and Peter smiles slightly.“Night, dad.” He murmurs as he drifts off, not realising what he said. He’s called Tony dad a few times, always when he’s not aware of what he’s saying or too emotional or tired to care, and every time it fills Tony with this amazing warmth. “Okay Tony what was that?” Natasha asks once he’s back in the common room half an hour later, after stroking Peters hair whilst he sleeps for a while. Tony sighs and sits back in his seat next to Bruce.“Peters my intern. Sometimes he gets over-stimulation or sensory overload or whatever you wanna call it.” Tony explains and the avengers look at him in disbelief.“Intern? You’re telling us he ain’t your kid?” Bucky asks and Tony raises an eyebrow.“He’s not my kid.” Tony says and Steve rolls his eyes.“Tony, you can’t expect us to believe that you willingly comforted a distressed kid and took them to their bedroom, which is in your penthouse, and that said kid isn’t yours.” Steve asks before Clint jumps in.“And how did Bruce know to give you those headphones?” He asks and the avengers turn to Bruce accusingly. Bruce knows because he’s had to help Spider-Man when he’s hurt, however he’s aware of the cover story, as is Rhodey, and it’s not like it’s entirely a lie, Peter is always in Stark tower with Tony working or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
IronDad and SpiderSon
Tony Stark is Peters dad
spiderson
Irondad
peter meets the avengers
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

