Work Text:
Eddie rubbed a hand over his face and stretched. "I should take a shower, huh?"
No, Eddie. You're already clean. Why don't you eat some more chocolate?
Eddie looked down at himself. He was clean, dressed in a fresh shirt and pajama pants. Venom was half-manifested, black coils physically wrapped around Eddie's middle and sprawled over his lap. Why had he thought he needed a shower?He looked around and froze, reaching down to lay a hand on Venom. They were in a strange room, a strange place, and Eddie had no idea how they had gotten there. Nothing looked even remotely familiar, not the furniture or the view out the windows, and here he was, barefoot in his fucking pajamas with Venom half out."V," he said, under his breath, eyeing the distance from this dumpy couch to the battered-looking door. "We need to--"
This is a safe place, Eddie. Please eat some chocolate and stay still.
Eddie frowned and looked down at the coffee table in front of him. There was a large glass of water, mostly full, and a bar of expensive-looking dark chocolate. It seemed like something Venom would like, and Venom sounded anxious for it, so Eddie picked it up and bit off a corner. There were a few bites taken out of it already. That seemed weird and unhygienic, but he figured Venom wouldn't tell him to eat it if he shouldn't, so it was probably fine. He set the chocolate down and leaned back against the couch, chewing slowly, savoring the rich bitterness and the weird little happy tingle of Venom appreciating chocolate. He ran his fingers idly over a cool coil. He was tired, but he didn't want to sleep in a strange place, even with Venom to watch over him. Everything looked kind of grubby, and he felt vaguely sore all over. Eddie rubbed a hand over his face and stretched. "I should take a shower, huh?"Venom let out a growl like a sigh and hugged him tighter. You don't need a shower, Eddie. Just-- Venom cut off abruptly. Stay calm, please, Eddie. These are friends."What?" Eddie tried to stand, but Venom held him still, a tentacle coming up to curl gently around his throat and cradling his head. "V, what--who--"There was a knock at the door. Eddie looked around wildly. He'd never seen that door before, or this place--where was this? How had they gotten here? Who had found them here when Eddie didn't even know where they were?I invited them, Venom explained. They can help. You have lost your memory, and I don't know why."I--" Eddie looked down at himself. He was wearing pajama pants and a clean t-shirt, and he was barefoot. There was a chocolate bar on the coffee table with several bites taken out of it. It looked fancy, like something Venom would want him to buy. He'd never seen any of it before. "I lost my memory? How--"But no matter what Venom told him, it wouldn't fill up the blankness in his head. He knew who he was--Eddie--and who Venom was--his symbiote--and beyond that there was nothing. "Eddie?" The knock sounded again, as a woman called out his name. He didn't recognize her voice. How did she know he was here? How did she know who he was? "Eddie, are you okay? I got your text. Please open the door."Eddie shook his head, closing his hand on Venom's firm-soft coil, but Venom sent out a tendril all the way to the door, deftly opening the locks and swinging it inward. A blonde woman in nice clothes was standing there, and a dark-haired guy who looked like he belonged to the same matched set was standing behind her shoulder.Both of them looked shocked for a second; Venom retreated to curl around Eddie, but didn't withdraw or take over, letting them see him in this halfway form."Venom?" The woman stepped over the threshold. "Eddie, is--is this--do you need me to get rid of him again?""NO!" Eddie snarled, and Venom popped up his own head to echo him. "NO!"The dark-haired man pushed the door shut and stayed right by it, watching them carefully, while the woman moved closer."Eddie? What's going on? You said--""I don't know you," Eddie snapped, and the coil Venom had around his throat shifted, an end tapping gently against Eddie's lips. He could have just shut Eddie up, and he hadn't. That probably meant something, but Eddie had no idea what anything meant right now."I texted you," Venom said, speaking softly-for-Venom, which still vibrated Eddie's bones in a mostly-pleasant way. It also made him feel his soreness, though, and--Eddie rubbed a hand over his face and stretched. "I should take a shower, huh?""Shh, Eddie," Venom said, and Eddie dropped his hand and jerked back from the strangers in the room--the unfamiliar room, the--"We are safe, Eddie," Venom said. "These are friends of mine. You have lost your memory and they will help us find out why, and how to fix it. Are you hungry? Thirsty?""I, uh--" Eddie eyed the strangers warily, then glanced down. There was a partially-eaten bar of chocolate and a glass of water on the coffee table. "Thirsty?"Venom picked up the glass for him instead of letting Eddie move enough so he c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Temporary Amnesia
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Cuddling & Snuggling
Tentacle Sex

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

