Work Text:
Rocket fuel burns at 5,800 degrees Fahrenheit, Eddie reads later. At the time, as they fall into the fire, all Eddie knows is that they’re being burned alive, flesh flaking off their body like ash, fat sizzling, and he can feel the symbiote healing them as fast as they’re burning up, but not fast enough. 
Venom is pouring everything they have into Eddie’s soft, fragile body but this isn’t broken bones, or even atrophied organs, this is annihilation, and the symbiote is equally vulnerable to the fire.
They’re dying. 

Goodbye, Eddie.

Eddie hits the water and cracks three ribs. He doesn’t heal. His face is stinging like he’s been sunburned, clothing charred and shredded. 
He surfaces, hacking up water, and claws his way to the shore. 
“Venom,” he says, groaning in pain, sheer bloody-mindedness the only thing getting him onto solid ground. “Motherfucker, you couldn’t fix my ribs?”
He gags up more water. Breathing feels weird, his lungs are crackling like he’s got bronchitis. Every part of him is scraped raw and hollow.
“Venom, you shitbird,” he says, drowning, desperate. “Pussy. Useless parasite.”
His ears are ringing in the silence.
He knows. He knows it in his bones, in his chest, in his guts: Venom is dead.
Anne finds him lying on the scorched rock of the shore. She’s already on the phone with 911, cellphone pressed against her ear. She kneels next to him, bare knees black from the dirty ground.
“You’re okay,” she says firm and no-nonsense. “Help is on the way. Don’t move, you might have a spinal injury.”
She’s not the boss of him any more. Eddie flops over so his head is in her lap and he can hold onto her legs. He can’t breathe but it doesn’t matter. He’s alone again.
“Venom’s dead,” he says, weeping. It’s the pain, it’s just the pain.
“Oh, Eddie,” she says, and holds him, gentle as a feather against his burns and broken bones.
xxx
Eddie’s ribs take twice as long to knit together as they ought to because it turns out sobbing is bad for healing. He feels like the planet’s biggest loser, but he can’t seem to stop. He’s been like this before but he always managed to pull himself together. Sort yourself out, his dad used to say. But this time he can’t. 
“I think he’s depressed,” Dan says to Anne. They’re in Eddie’s living room because they came over to make sure he was okay. Dan made him dinners he can heat up so he doesn’t have to tax his healing body by cooking. Not that he would’ve been cooking anyway. They both cleaned the place up as much as anyone could. Anne even managed to convince his neighbour that he’d been having a bad trip and that Eddie wasn’t actually a shapeshifting monster who’d killed half a dozen evil goons.
They’re good people, Annie and Dan. Eddie actually really likes Dan even though he doesn’t want to. Dan is good people, Eddie is just a lousy host.
Eddie is lying in bed, wrapped tightly in his duvet, hoodie on, hood up over his head. He’s sweating but he feels cold. He needs a shower. He needs to get up and eat something. He needs to go to the bathroom if nothing else but he can’t find the energy. He doesn’t want to die, he just doesn’t want to be alive any more.
He can hear Anne sighing. “Yeah, no kidding,” she says. “But good luck getting him to talk to a psychiatrist. God knows I’ve tried.”
They come into the bedroom. Anne chivvies him into the shower while Dan changes the sheets. One of them even took his laundry away and brought it back, cleaned and ironed.
Eddie sits on the couch and cries into his lasagne. He can’t help it. There’s nothing more pathetic than crying while you’re eating, but Anne just sits next to him and strokes his hair. Dan is cleaning his fridge and pretending he can’t hear the gross gulping noises that come tearing out of Eddie without his say so.
They have to leave eventually, they have lives to live.
But Dan comes back and he’s got a bottle of anti-depressants in his hand. “Sit up,” he demands. Eddie is curled up again, back in bed. “Take this.”
“I don’t want it,” Eddie says.
“Man, I don’t really care,” Dan says. “I’m not letting you self-destruct on Anne’s watch. It’s not fair to her.”
“Get fucked,” Eddie says.
“Nice,” Dan says. “You know Anne’s working through a lot, too. She carried the parasite just like you did. There were aliens in San Francisco. We’ve all got shit going on.”
“When do I get to give up?” Eddie demands, voice choked up so bad it comes out high and cracked. “Huh? How much do I have to take before I get to quit? Who says I’ve got to keep dragging along?”
Dan’s handsome face is carefully neutral. “Eddie,” he says. “Do you think about hurting yourself?”
“Who doesn’t,” Eddie says in disgust. “Four second fall from the Bridge and it’s all over. I’ve fallen once, I can do it again.” 
He doesn’t tell Dan that suicide is the reason he’s in this mess in the first place. He didn’t go to the Golden Gate Bridge to throw Anne’s engagement ring into the water, he went there to throw himself but got distracted by Dr. Skirth’s messages and ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Depression
Self-Loathing
Suicidal Ideation
losers in love
live lobster eating
self-care is taking your meds for the sake of your symbiote
Tentacle Porn

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

