Chapter 1: Eddie
    


Notes:
I... loved Venom... SO MUCH. Heed the tags, loves.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
     “YOU’RE A LOSER, EDDIE,” says the disembodied head floating in front of him, and a familiar feeling suddenly overrides Eddie’s terror. It can best be summed up as: are you fucking kidding me?Because hell, he just got through weeks of his boss, his girlfriend, and seemingly the entire universe telling him that. Not to mention himself, after a miserable while. Helping Dr. Skirth was supposed to be a step in the right direction. He wasn’t so presumptuous as to believe he could fix anything, but he thought maybe he could at least begin to move forward. Now Maria is dead, Skirth might be dead too, Carlton Drake’s out to kill him, Eddie got possessed by a goddamn Eldritch abomination—and this is what it tells him?Hell. Maybe he’s actually having a very normal day. Just the continuation of his trainwreck of a life.It’s objectively an insane thought, but it punctures his panic attack. The monster’s just staring at him now, all nightmare teeth and glistening goo and huge milky eyes. Venom. Somehow, Eddie’s stuck on that name. It just feels so—unnecessary, like it’s compensating for something. That thing’s already an oozing nightmare. At a certain point the edgy names and growled threats start to feel like overkill.The buoy bobs gently in the dark water. Eddie catches his breath. The alien’s waiting for him to talk. It saved Eddie’s life. Several times over. And Eddie said thank you, because he couldn’t afford to stay traumatized by every single near-death experience after five uninterrupted minutes of them. Shock cancels itself out, leaving only the absurd urge to play it cool.“You... you gonna eat anybody else?” Eddie finally tries.“MOST LIKELY.”All right, fine, the fear isn’t gone; all Eddie’s doing is turning his back to it. But that’s a goddamn start. * His terror levels take another lurching dive a few hours later, when Anne calls him and the parasite perks up. WHO IS ANNE? YOUR PULSE HAS QUICKENED.And there goes Eddie, stuck on a detail again; it’s the reporter in him, he knows, always looking for the catch in the story. Hold on, hold on. Didn’t that thing just say that it was in Eddie’s brain? That it knew everything about him? Strong words, but if it doesn’t even know who Anne is—she’d be hard to miss, front and center of Eddie’s mind at any given time—then the alien’s full of shit. Which is why Eddie says: “That is none of your goddamn business.”Part of him braces for retaliation, but the monster doesn’t hurt him. Instead, it gets hurt. EVERYTHING OF YOURS IS MY BUSINESS, EDDIE, it protests. WE HAVE NO SECRETS!Eddie almost says something about possessive girlfriends, but keeps his mouth shut at the last minute. This thing might just take it literally, and then where would he be? Although, maybe that’d distract it from its insane rocket-based world domination plans.Because of who he is as a person, Eddie tries pushing again. “Yeah, well then you know exactly why I’m going here before we get to your rocket.”
SURE. I'M NOT UNREASONABLE.
Monsters usually are, but Eddie’s not about to point it out. Better leave the catch in this story alone for now. * As he gets to his old workplace, Eddie’s mind is still generally frantic, but he also seems to be having a permanent out-of-body experience that allows him to wave at his trauma from a distance. The reporter in him, who’s having a field day at this point, notes that it’s been almost twelve hours now and the thing—Venom, since that is its ludicrous name—still hasn’t killed him.In fact, it’s being more and more accommodating.  When Eddie fails to get past security and the parasite offers to eat the guard’s brain, all Eddie has to do is yell and it hurriedly backs off. It makes no other attempts to hurt anyone as Eddie backs out of the lobby. It’s almost sheepish, fretting at the edge of Eddie’s consciousness.It’s like this thing doesn’t actually know what it’s doing, either, and struggles to maintain its monster-posturing. Or hell, maybe it’s not even trying anymore, because as soon as Eddie helplessly looks up at the building, there’s a rumble in his brain.YOU WANT UP?  WELL, WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST SAY?And the next thing Eddie knows, he’s in his former boss’s office, standing on a carpet of broken glass, panting but unscathed.There’s no denying anymore that Venom is actively trying to make itself useful. Eddie thinks back on how offended it got at being called a parasite, and remembers Skirth calling it symbiosis. Either way: it means Venom needs Eddie, like a guy that’s down on his luck needs a couch to crash on. And it’s doing everything it can to make itself agreeable.“YOUR WORLD ISN’T SO BAD,” it remarks, looking around the room before retreating inside Eddie again. And sure, San Francisco at night makes for a nice view, as long as you’re not afraid of heights. Which Eddie still very much is, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Venom Symbiote/Anne Weying
Dan Lewis/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Dan Lewis & Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Dora Skirth

freeform: 
Xenophilia
Teratophilia
Getting Together
Dubious Consent
Under-negotiated Kink
Kink Negotiation
teaching consent to symbiotes
it's a learning curve
alien parasites have no sense of boundaries
Mi Body Es Su Body
eddie crash-landing into the realization that he's terminally kinky
also a monsterfucker
and polyamorous to boot
Cobbled-Up BDSM Etiquette
Power Exchange
Alien Rape Fantasy
Consensual Non-Consent
Sounding
Breathplay
Choking
Bondage
Vacuum Bed Kink
Fear Play
Tentacle Sex
People Eating
A surprising amount of fluff
Dr. Skirth is alive because fuck you
Anne Is The Coolest
Dan Is The Nicest
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Genderless Venom
Good Guy Eddie
this is the best most complex and transgressive relationship in the whole goddamn marvel universe
why wasn't i told earlier
I Can't Believe It's Canon
Body Horror
mainly related to Venom's time in the Life Foundation lab
car crash
Artistic Licence: Medical
Rape Roleplay
Medical Kink
OT4
Polyamory Negotiations

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Venom Symbiote/Anne Weying
Dan Lewis/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Dan Lewis & Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Dora Skirth

