Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The pet shelter was one of those posh little places, a good sized ground floor repurposed from what had once been a trendy restaurant or maybe a middle-class department store back in the day.All the cute, comfortable furniture and gently wafting curtains couldn’t disguise the faint smells of animal waste and disinfectant, but there were dozens of cute kittens climbing over a cat tree in one corner and several very relaxed dogs on the furniture. It was the sort of place that offered a cup of coffee while you wait, and had a companion specialist walk a prospective pet owner through the process like it was some sort of dating game.Not surprisingly, Tony didn’t have time for that.He marched straight up to the counter, where a young woman was scratching the ears of an orange cat, and announced, “I need the biggest, most vicious-looking animal you’ve got, and I need it now.”The woman blinked at him in surprise; the cat flattened its ears and while it didn’t exactly hiss at Tony, it looked highly displeased. That didn’t surprise Tony, either. He really didn’t know much about animals at all, except that they were messy, expensive, and needed to be fed. So said Howard at any rate, and thus they’d never had pets at Stark Manor. So, double score for Tony; he was going to get a pet for the first time in his life. Although he suspected getting a huge monster dog wasn’t what most people thought of as a starter pet. Pepper probably would have suggested that he might want to try keeping a plant or goldfish alive before tackling something like a dog.But the pet part was only one aspect of the equation.“Um,” she said, and she looked at him, really looked. Tony watched the recognition rise in her eyes. “Oh, Mr. Stark… um, well, we have Bucky, he’s pretty big, but you probably don’t want--”“No, I absolutely want, what was it? Bucky? That’s not a very guard-dog sort of name, is it? Well, it can be ironic, I guess. Like naming a tiger ‘Spot’ or something. Anyway, yes, big is exactly what I want, and with teeth, lots of teeth, he’s got teeth, right?”The guy behind the counter shuddered. “You could name this beast Fluffy and I guarantee, people are going to get out of your way. I’ll just get Mr. Stark set up with the paperwork here, while you get him, Daisy.”Daisy rolled her eyes. “You’re such a baby, Grant. Bucky’s sweet, you just have to know how to talk to him.”“Monster,” Grant mouthed as Daisy headed into the back room.“That’s perfect, that’s exactly what I need,” Tony agreed. “In that my actual bodyguard has now tackled three innocent people who just happened to walk past me on the assumption that they were the freak who’s been leaving death threats stuck to my door for the last month or so and the last one turned out to be a judge who said that if Happy did it again, he’d see him put away for years, and I can’t afford that kind of lawsuit right now, so I need a monster on a leash to make Happy happy that I’m being protected.” He slipped the paperwork out from under Grant’s hand before it was even completely filled out, took a pen from his jacket pocket, and signed at the bottom with a flourish. “There, you just finish filling that out at your leisure, and I’ll take Bucky and get out of your hair, right?”Tony wasn’t sure what he expected, something like a mutt crossbreed rottweiler and pitbull from what Grant was describing, or maybe a German Shepherd mixed with a Pomeranian, based on the baby-noises Daisy was making as she brought out the dog.What he saw wasn’t a dog at all; it was a fucking timberwolf. Mostly black, with a rough mane of thick grey around his neck and one front leg that was silver-grey up to the shoulder. He had blue eyes that were wide as he stared around the room, paws splayed and toenails clicking as he struggled with the linoleum floor. Every cat in the room turned and bolted for the dubious safety of the cat-hideys in the tree.The beast was at least three and a half feet at the shoulder, and up on hind legs was going to be taller than most people. It looked like it had spent the night in a mudpuddle and the staff had only done a half-hearted job of cleaning him up.“He’s a rescue,” Daisy told him. “We got him from a routine euthanasia center. They give the owners thirty-six hours to show up, or they put the animals down. Less, if they’re not chipped.” She patted the thick fur at the back of Bucky’s neck and reverted to cooing at the beast. “But he’s a good boy, isn’t him? Him just needs some love.”Bucky didn’t seem to particularly agree with this sentiment, not doing any of the playful things Tony had seen dogs doing. He was, in fact, glaring and curling his lip at Grant, who was backed up as far as possible, the paperwork in hand. Grant looked like he was sort of wishing he could take refuge in the cat-tree, too.“This is awesome,” Tony crowed. “Whoever this ‘T’ person is who’s been threatening me, they’re going to take one look and run screaming. This is great, this is perfect
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Paranormal
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Stalker
Magic
Curses
collar and leash
but not in a sexy way
overly attached girlfriend syndrome
Kidnapping
Science Fair
Semi-Public Nudity
also not in a sexy way
Embarrassing Situations
Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

