Work Text:


The little ping of an alert on his phone catches Bucky’s eye, and he glances over without letting go of the wriggling dog he’s holding.

 New Tweet: Steve Rogers   – I couldn’t say no to this little guy, so I guess he’s co-
Bucky squints at the screen for a second before a yap catches his attention and he goes back to wrangling the harness onto the overexcited dog in his arms. As soon as it’s on, he clips the lead to it, tucking the loop around his wrist before setting the dog back on the floor. She prances on the spot, knowing what’s coming, and Bucky leads her out of the apartment with a chipper, “C’mon Buttercup,” after scooping his phone back up off the table.Five minutes later and he’s letting himself into another apartment, surprised to see a haggard-looking woman on the couch, swaddled in blankets.“Oh, sorry I didn’t realise you were home,” he says after a moment of staring at her, but she gives him a wan smile, tucking the blankets up a little closer to her chin.“It’s fine, don’t let me get in the way of your routine,” she says, and she sounds as sick as she looks, voice scratchy and stuffed up. “Not like I can walk him like this anyway.”As she speaks a massive black shadow comes flying out of the spare room, howling his excitement. Bucky crouches to scoop up Buttercup, then holds his hand out, immediately getting it covered in slobber. “Hey buddy,” he says to the dog, more fluff than animal, and the behemoth barks once, before sitting, tail scratching over the floor as it wags. “Alright Bruno, you know the drill.” He sets the smaller dog down now that there was no risk of her being trampled and holds her lead out to the bigger dog.There’s laughter from the couch as Bruno takes the lead delicately, holding it in his mouth while Bucky crosses to where Bruno’s lead is hanging.He clicks his tongue and Bruno leads Buttercup over, looking up at Bucky with sad eyes, devastated that he’s not mid-walk already. Bucky clips the leash on as a reward, then takes Buttercup’s lead back. “Hope you feel better soon,” he says with a smile, and Bruno’s owner just waves a hand in his direction.“Enjoy the walk,” she replies, so Bucky lifts a hand in farewell and heads back out.After Bruno, it’s Womble, a fuzzy apartment dog who likes sleep more than he likes walking. Then Goldie, the black lab named oh-so-helpfully by his owner’s toddler.Then back to Buttercup’s to drop the tiring pup off, and it’s only as he’s locking the door behind him after checking the water bowl that he remembers the notification on his phone.

 Steve Rogers:   I couldn’t say no to this little guy, so I guess he’s coming home with me!
The picture below it is an overexcited looking dog, barely older than six months, shoving its nose through the bars of a shelter gate. The tweet already has twenty thousand retweets, a few thousand more likes, and nearly three thousand comments. Bucky can’t help himself, leads in hand, and he leans a shoulder against the doorjamb and taps the comment field.

 bbarnes:   if you’re ever in need of a walker I’d be happy to take the lil guy on, nyc based and rescues are my thing!
He doesn’t expect anything. Steve is Captain America, a bonafide literal actual superhero, and probably mutes his notifications as soon as he tweets anything. But there’s so much activity in the comments sections of his tweets that Bucky is fairly sure that he’ll have a few DM’s by the time he gets home.Shoving his phone back in his pocket, he gets back to work. **There are twitter alerts on his phone when he gets home as he expected. Likes first, a good hundred of them, and he swipes them closed with a mumbled, “can’t just make one notification,” under his breath.Then he sees a DM. The name is Steve but honestly, Rogers has enough followers that are fans that he wouldn’t be surprised to find hundreds of accounts with display names set to “Steve Rogers”.He scrolls through his other notifications, mentally prioritising them, before tapping on the first DM that caught his eye.


Hi there – I saw your comment about dog walking, do you have any qualifications? Do qualifications even exist for this sort of thing? I’m new to this can you tell

Bucky snorts, taps the field to reply when he realises something. The icon is a perfect match to the actual Steve Rogers account, which isn’t a huge thing considering it doesn’t take a genius to work out the snipping tool, but the actual account handle looks a lot more official than he’d first realised.He warily taps the name at the top of the message thread and nearly drops his phone.Because it took him back to Steve Rogers’ profile. Steve Rogers. The Superhero.Oh god.Bucky stares at his phone, then switches back to the messages, little cursor blinking cheerily at him.“What do you even say to a real-life superhero?” Bucky says to himself, still staring. He knows he has to reply because he’s opened the message now. He takes a breath, starts to type out a response.


Hey! I have a cert in animal mana
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
modern!Bucky
cap!steve - Freeform
Dog Walker!Bucky
Fake Relationship
Pining
probably slow burn
Bottom!Bucky
if you need that tagged
veteran bucky barnes
Enthusiastic Consent
Gratuitous use of ben & jerries as comfort food
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Shrunkyclunks
bucky's somewhere between post ws bucky and pre ws bucky
no metal arm but pretty significant damage to his shoulder that happened pre-fic
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Captain America Big Bang 2018 | cabigbang
Steve Rogers is not okay but he's getting better
Fluff
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

