Work Text:
The thing is, David hadn’t meant to hit Peter that hard.At least, that’s what the boy tells himself as he presses an ice patch to his eye, the ring of black and blue bruises standing out against his abnormally pale skin.Normally, the man hits him in places that aren’t easily noticeable. Peter’s side, his upper arms, his back. This time, however, the hit came too fast, too hard and not aimed correctly, David struck blind by his misplaced rage. His fist had smacked against Peter’s face and the boy had cried out, shoving the man too hard and sending him stumbling into the cabinets. That’s when Peter had run to the bathroom. He stands there now, staring at his face with a mix of dread and self-loathing. His eyes are sad when he looks in the mirror.He tries not to look for too long anymore.Peter had just been in his way, that’s all. He had been standing too close to the doctor, or what ever the fuck his Aunt’s boyfriend did for a job and had gotten in the way and the man had gotten mad and had swung at him and–
Nope. Not going down that road again. 
Walking back into his room, the teenager slips on his jacket, trying not to wince as his sore body protests. David hadn’t been in Peter’s life for that long. A few weeks at most.3 weeks. 3 weeks and 2 days and 6 hours.  But it’s not like Peter’s counting or anything. It was– not nice per say, but bearable– at first. May has been so happy, so carefree and it made the spiderling try to push aside all the mean looks and too condescending questions David would shoot him over dinner or in the hallway. 
“Join any sport teams yet, Petey?”

“Got any hot girls in your classes?”

“Do you really stutter this much or is it just a tick?”
All the times the man would accidentally push him into the wall hard enough to bruise or ram his arm into Peter’s when walking past. And he drank. A lot.Mostly when May was at work or running errands. David would grab as many beers as possible and just chug and chug, leaving his trash all over the house for Peter to pick up.And the boy did. If anything, to keep May from getting even more stressed.But Peter isn’t worried that much. He’s Spider-Man. He can survive some small rough-housing and chores. Because that’s all it is. Just “man stuff” and all that. Becoming strong and reliable. So it’s good, it’s fine. 
Nothing to worry about.
At least May is happy. The most happy she has been in a while, actually. Peter tries not to think too hard about that. After Ben, it’s less than she deserves. More than Peter can give her, it seems. Shaking his head, Peter sets the now melted ice bag on his desk, grabbing his phone from his pocket as it buzzes. Clicking it on, a text message illuminates his face in a hue of artificial white light.
Dad:
 Hey kiddo, you still coming over tonight?
Barely holding back a shit-eating grin, Peter types a quick “definitely, be there in a few!” response before grabbing his shoes and slipping them on, hissing in pain as he leans down to tie the laces. Walking out into the hallway, the boy had just made it past the bathroom door when a hand grabs his arm. The grip is tight, dull nails digging into his skin and the spiderling freezes, blood going cold. “Where you heading off to, boy?” David’s voice is slurred, his breath reeking of alcohol and Peter has to resist the urge to flinch away from the smell. “Not gonna go see that Tony Stark again, are you?”Peter feels his heart speed up at the mention of the billionaire. David didn’t keep his hatred for Tony a secret, far from it. Any chance he gets, the doctor trash talks the man Peter had just began to call “Dad” and anything related to the man. The one time Peter had spoken up, the one time he had questioned David’s half-drunk ramblings during a night rant when May was working late, the man had hit him with a belt. It was only once though. Peter could tell that David was extra stressed– most likely something from work– and had gone too far. The man himself, after that, had been more distant. Peter suspects that the reason is guilt, but he can’t know for sure with David. The hitting stopped for a while after that, especially when May was home.David was a perfect picture of “fatherly interest” then. Ruffled Peter’s hair and everything. The spiderling had to use every ounce of self-control to not flinch away. 
Do it for, May. He makes her happy. Do it for her.
The hardest part, however, wasn’t taking the pain and the nasty words spit in his face. No, the hardest part was having to face Tony afterwards. Suddenly, David shakes his arm and Peter gets thrown back to the present, his eyes watering as the man’s grip tightens even more, alighting a pained hiss from the boy. “Not gonna answer me, then?” The doctor sneers. “Go then. See your little superhero and do whatever sciencey shit you two do. I’m surprised he actually wants you there, to be honest. At least Stark has something to offer, but you– you don’t have anything to give him.”Peter tries not to believe it, but some small
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Mama Bear Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Abusive Original Character
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Teen Peter Parker
Domestic Fluff
Peter Parker Whump
One Shot
Complete
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker is a Mess
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Cuddling
Father-Son Relationship
Mother-Son Relationship
Team as Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)

