Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  “Physics is like sex: sure, 
it may give some practical results, 
but that's not why we do it.” 
― Richard P. Feynman Tony knows hangovers. He’s pretty sure he’s had every kind of hangover imaginable - the kind that leave your eyes dry and aching, feeling like they’re about to swell out of your head, the ones that stick in your throat like a dry-swallowed pill.He’s spent hours sprawled out on the couch (or bed, or floor) where he’s woken up, summoning up every last inch of willpower to close his eyes against the daylight only to realize that his eyes are, in fact, already shut tight.This is not anything like those hangovers.It feels like the white-hot pain of a migraine, except somehow the nexus feels like it’s in his neck rather than his head. He groans. Presses his face harder into the sheets underneath him.Things are looking up. He appears to be in a bed, at least.There’s a shifting of weight on the mattress from somewhere in front of him, and a soft exhalation of breath. Which begs the question - whose bed?Given that the other occupant is apparently still present, he resigns himself to an awkward morning-after.  Been awhile since he’s had one of those, actually.He cracks one eye open cautiously.“Oh thank god you’re awake, Mr. Stark!”Tony swallows. Closes his eyes again. Opens them, wincing against the glare of the brightly lit room.Nope, nothing has changed.Peter is sitting there, leaning his bare back against the headboard, knees bent and legs pulled up to his chest, arms wrapped around his calves. He looks pale, which. Of course he does.The thing is, Tony is pretty well versed in facing his monumental fuck ups head-on.  His vices have always had the upper hand against the better angels in his head. Or, if not necessarily the upper hand, then at least a sneaky way of turning the tables on him when he least expected it.That this whole new level of fucked up is unexpected is literally the very least you could say right now.Peter is fidgeting with the edges of the sheet pulled up over his legs. He frowns.  “You are awake, aren’t you? Please say you’re awake. I’m kinda freaking out over here.”“Kid,” Tony starts. Stops. He levers himself upright, moving slowly. Carefully. Doesn’t want to startle the kid, doesn’t want to get too close. Give Peter his space. Little late for that, his traitorous brain taunts.He scrubs his hands over his face as if he can wipe the (most-likely) drug-induced grogginess away. It’s not until then that he looks around. Wait.This isn’t his bedroom - not the one at the compound, or the suite in Milan. Definitely not the penthouse in New York. In all honesty, it looks like the inside of the fucking Spaceship Earth ride at Epcot.“Kid,” he tries again, more urgently now, “where the hell are we?”“Uhh, the guy said we’re someplace called Sakaar.”“The guy? What guy?”“The weird guy,” Peter explains. He unwraps one arm and gestures towards a blank screen embedded in the opposite wall.“He say anything else?”Peter shakes his head. “He said he’d wait until you woke up.”Which means… Yep, now that his higher brain functions are coming back online, he can pick out cameras scattered around the room. A lot of them.He really doesn’t want to ask the next question, but he can’t see any way around it. “What’s the last thing you remember?”“Well, um. There was a portal thing that opened up in the sky, with these weird energy readings coming through. We were trying to figure out what was going on when everything kind of exploded. And then I woke up here.”It says something probably not-great about Tony’s life that that’s actually kind of a relief, but right now he’ll take good news wherever he can get it. He hasn’t done anything unforgivable with the kid. That counts for something.Actually, it counts for everything. * Tony stands to pace the room, only to discover he’s naked. Shit.By the way Peter is still nervously clutching the sheet around his legs, he would bet the kid is too. Okay, that’s… not great, but he gets it. They’d both been suited up for training when the portal had opened, whoever had taken them must have taken their suits and clothes while they’d been knocked out. It’s as much about security and control as it is about psychological manipulation; a power play.And it’s working. The idea of someone else messing around with his and Peter’s suits rankles fiercely.But Tony’s not a self-conscious seventeen year old kid - he’s not exactly going to let a little nudity keep him confined to the bed. He searches the room systematically - tapping on the walls, searching for weak points. He finds none. The room is square, the walls some kind of reinforced metal panelling. He thinks Peter could probably bust through with enough effort, but not without the cameras noticing.There’s a shower, a toilet, and a sink in one corner of the room, a table and two chairs in another. The bed is the only thing occupying the opposite wall. One large panel near the table sounds like it’s hollo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Sakaar (Marvel)
Aliens Made Them Do It
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Porn with Feelings
Tony Angst
Spanking
Rimming
First Time Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Hurt/Comfort
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

