Chapter 1: Bucky and Steve
    




Chapter Text
"Buck come on" steve was chasing him around their appartment."no! your always the one telling me not to force it!"steve caught up to him and grabbed his arm "I'm also the one telling you not to fight it either and that's exactly what you've been doing. 3 weeks? that's too long. that's 2 weeks too long!""what about peter? he's been big as long as I have!" bucky shook him off."Tony's dealing with him right now. now here's the deal. we're gonna eat dinner then we're gonna get in pajamas and watch a movie with them. we aren't forcing it just encouraging it." steve turned him around towards the bedroom and patted his butt. "we'll use extra encouragement if neccessary." bucky groaned because he knew that if he didn't go little willingly it would end up with him going there unwillingly and with a sore bottom. Steve led him to the kitchen and put out a bowl of mac and cheese with the smallest fork they had. bucky glared at him. "eat." was all Steve replied with. grudgingly, he ate it. Steve made the best mac and cheese. after dinner Steve took them to the bedroom where he laid out a onesie and a diaper. "no diaper. not little" bucky pouted. "I know you're not. but it's just in case you fall asleep during the movie and wake up little. it's a precaution." steve grinned. "nooo! I'm biiiig!" bucky screamed on the verge of a tantrum. Steve crossed his arms. "really? because you're not acting like it. right now you're acting like a little boy that gets his butt spanked and sent to bed. do you want that?" bucky shook his head. "then lay on the bed." Steve somehow managed to get him into the diaper and onesie without too much fuss and carried him out to the living room where tony and peter were waiting. Bucky was obviously on the verge but fighting it and failing. peter was latched on to Tony. he had a pacifier in his mouth and was wearing a red iron man onesie. his face was covered in dry tears. Steve looked confused and impressed that tony was able to get peter little so quickly. tony noticed his gaze and patted his bottom and said, "someone needed extra persuasion." steve nodded knowingly as peter whined and held tony tighter."buck, what movie do you want to watch?""jaws" he mumbled just to be a smart ass knowing full well Steve would never put it on. peter whined loudly not wanting the scary sharks on tv."cars it is" steve popped it into the dvd player and hit play.bucky fell asleep right when lighting McQueen got to radiator springs. when Steve woke him up at the end he was feeling very little."daddy?" he whined. "tired daddy. wanna go sleep""I know baby boy. its bed time now. here we go." he picked him up and off they went to blissful sleep. that only lasted about 8 hours.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Teen Peter Parker
Diapers
Spanking
Daddy Issues
Bratting
Whining
Precious Peter Parker
Punishment
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Christmas Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Family Fluff
Baby Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Over the Knee
Sickfic
Sick Character
Sick Peter Parker
Cold Weather
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Wetting
Bullying
Fights
Punching
Bed-Wetting
Crying
Bathing/Washing
Bathtubs
Bubble Bath
Angst
Light Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

