Work Text:

 Steve
Steve hums as he heads into his favorite engineer’s workshop, in that kind of smooth, easy mood that comes from a problem free Sunday morning. He plans on coaxing Tony out of his work mood with the promise of brunch, the kind with the orange juice and champagne that makes Tony gigglier then he would ever admit.His tune falters however, when he doesn’t hear the characteristic sound of Tony’s music, or any machine’s running a process in the background. Rather, it’s Tony himself, talking over a phone.Actually, he’s yelling over a phone, and Steve starts to frown.“—told you once, told you a thousand times, it’s not going to happen!” Tony snaps from where he’s sitting at one of his tables.“It’s nothing you haven’t built before.” A gruff and familiar male voice comes from the speakers in the ceiling. Steve suppresses his sigh.“What you want me to build is a weapon, which, hello, I don’t do anymore!”“Need I remind you, you have an obligation—”Tony catches sight of Steve, and Steve gives him a piteous smile. “Oh look, our scheduled 12 minutes are up. Call me back if you want, just know that my answering machine is now actually the sound of a call being disconnected upon receipt.” He says, and JARVIS hangs up before he can get in another word.“Ross?” Steve says, stepping up behind Tony’s chair, gently rubbing his hands into the tight muscles of his back, worn from years of being the world’s best mechanic.“Ross.” Tony mutters, “wants me to build…well it really doesn’t matter does it? More garbage to perpetuate more wars and keep the defensive budget growing.” Tony sighs, leaning only slightly into Steve’s touch. “And I know it’s the same shit every time, trust me, I’m used to it, but the fact that he has the gall to act like that with me. Like, he thinks he owns me.”Tony’s tense, and looks like he needs something to fight. Steve, who’s been with Tony for the better part of three years, decides to offers up their usual, alternative form of stress relief.“When we both know who really owns you.” Steve says, then reaches around Tony’s neck to grab his chin, tilting his face backwards until he was forced to look into Steve’s eyes.Tony’s breath hitches like it’s the first time they’ve done this, but Steve fights to keep his expression mild, just in case. “You open for business, babe?” Steve says, and he smiles, stealing some of Bucky’s Brooklyn accent that makes Tony’s knees week. Steve feels Tony’s Adam’s apple stutter as he swallows.“Hell yeah.” Tony breathes, already falling into his role, and Steve grins.Three minutes later, Tony’s sitting pretty on his knees with his arms wrapped around Steve’s pants as Steve slides into his throat, one hand behind his head and the other forcing his mouth open wide, Tony’s eyes rolling back into his head.Seven minutes, and Tony’s thighs are wrapped around Steve’s waist as he fucks into him in the air, Tony moaning like the whore he was as Steve moves his whole body for him, Tony’s cock jerking with each thrust.Twelve minutes, and, oh yeah, Steve likes him like this, on his back spread obscenely wide on the worktop, his toes curling into points and his knuckles turning white as his grips the edge, Steve trying to see if he can rip the bolts that hold the table to the ground.He manages to tear one before he finishes with a moan, noticing idly that Tony’s already painted his own stomach, and has been hanging on the right side of oversensitive for the last minute.Steve pulls out with a wet noise and makes a puddle on the ground. Tony drops his legs and stands shakily, and they share their first kiss, Steve pulling it out of Tony long and slow, not minding the way Tony’s naked body wets his shirt.“Shower, then brunch?” Steve asks softly as he observes the face in front of him, and Tony responds with a nod and an easy smile, looking at him with rare, open admiration it took Steve a long, long time to earn.
 

 

 
 
 Bucky
Bucky is trying, okay?He had two and half hours of social time, not only outside his room, but outside the whole fucking tower, in the open Goddamn air like a naïve little civilian. And it sucked, but Steve kept giving him these silly little happy looks which made it all worth it, despite the hundreds of thousands of people in this fucking city, all that could have knives, Steve and be Hydra, Steve, but nooo, that stupid, stubborn man just walks by them like it’s nothing, going so far as to pick up a frisbee and throwing it back to a little girl who messed up her throw on “accident”, like it couldn’t have been, been… a bomb, Steve!And Bucky knows he’s being irrational, okay? But this is what he’s feeling, and it’s happening, and Dr. Ryan keeps saying that despite all the logic in the goddamn universe, illogical feelings are valid, and while he works through his traumatic past and shit, he needs to find a proper outlet for them, or else he’s going to explode.“JARVIS.” Bucky says, tapping his foot impatiently for the elevator. “Is Tony open for business?”“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Double Penetration
Consensual Somnophilia
Rough Sex
Blow Jobs
Spitroasting
Magical Healing Cock
In a way
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Kinda
Sub Tony Stark
definitely
off screen kink negotiatons
Safe Sane and Consensual
Long-Term Relationship(s)
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
some AU where everyone's happy and no one's dust
this is kinda silly
but kinky and fun
Kinktober 2018
Objectification
but no degredation
Fluff and Smut
Sloppy Seconds
Overstimulation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

