Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Someone had taken his designs down.He blinked, vision blurry with sleep. The view remained the same - a blank, white ceiling. No schematics. No blueprints.He sat up, heart thudding in his chest. Was he in trouble? If his designs had been taken down –His tummy squeezed tight as he realized this wasn’t his room at all.This wasn’t even home.This room was huge, easily three times the size of his bedroom. The bed was massive, with shiny black covers - he could see his feet poking up, not even a quarter of the way down. The wall to his right was a dark red, the ones in front and behind of him white - and to his left ...Tony swallowed past a lump in his throat as he looked out of a huge window, onto a city that was too bright, too tall, too impossible.He was a long, long way from home.***“Captain Rogers.”Steve looked up from the coffee machine, slightly embarrassed that he’d moved Tony’s AI to pity, but more relieved than anything else.“Jarvis, hello, uh.” He cleared his throat. “So I’m aiming for a black -”“There is another matter which requires your attention, although I would be happy to prepare some coffee for you.”“Uh - right, thanks, that’s -” Steve put the cup down, grimacing at the cracks in the handle. “What’s up?”“Mr. Stark appears to have undergone a transformation overnight.”Steve blinked. No further information was forthcoming.“A transfor - sorry, Jarvis, you’re going to have to give me a hand here.”“He appears, to all intents and purposes, to be a seven-year-old boy.” Steve braced his hands against the kitchen counter, and sighed.“Tony ... OK, very funny, but also, very early in the morning. If you could hold off until -”“I assure you, Captain, this is no joke,” Jarvis interjected, sounding slightly stressed. “It is against my programming to lie.”“Right,” Steve snorted, gingerly picking up the cup, now full of hot coffee. “If this is a ploy to get coffee delivered, I’m surprised he doesn’t have a machine in his room.”“Captain Rogers, I assure you -”“Right, Tony, I’m coming, I’m coming,” Steve grumbled, heading toward the elevator to the personal levels. “Honestly, your dependence on this stuff, anyway …”He faltered a little in his stride when the elevator doors opened to reveal Natasha, her brow furrowed.“Nat?”“Did Jarvis call you?”“Yes - well, I sort of assumed it was Tony -” Nat shook her head.“No, I don’t think he’d mess with me. He values his limbs too much.” She smiled. “I was mid work-out, though, so if this does turn out to be a ruse, I’m all warmed up and ready to push him through something glass and replaceable.” Steve stepped in alongside her.“You can’t seriously be suggesting that he’s a child?”“Figuratively? Absolutely. Literally? Well … those were actual Nazi dinosaurs we fought last week.” The elevator doors opened on Tony’s floor. “Where’s everyone else?” Steve directed to the ceiling, beginning to accept that this was how his morning was starting. They headed for Tony’s bedroom.“You are the two on site I thought proper to inform,” Jarvis said. “Mr. Barton is perhaps not best suited to the sensitivity of this situation, and I deemed it unwise to put undue, unexpected pressure on Dr. Banner.” Steve raised an eyebrow.“Well, now I’m concerned.”“We’re also the best looking,” Natasha said, smirking at Steve. “Maybe this is his way of propositioning us for a threesome.”“Are you -” Steve stammered, heat flooding his face, “Do people really -” Nat laughed and slapped him on the back, which he didn’t find reassuring at all. She reached for the door.“If I may,” Jarvis said. “Captain, I thought you should be informed, but I believe it would be wiser for you to initially remain outside. Ms. Romanov will be better received.” Steve frowned, and took a step back. He felt adrenaline begin to prickle his skin. This did sound more like Jarvis than Tony. Nat’s eyes narrowed.“If there actually is a child in here, Jarvis, I hope you’re not suggesting it needs ‘a woman’s touch.’”“I can assure you, Ms. Romanov, the situation is rather more complicated than that.”“Isn’t it always,” Nat muttered, pushing open the door.***Tony tried to look brave. He thought of how Captain America would act in this situation. Probably kick down some doors and knock out all the bad guys, but if Captain America were weak like him. The two doors hadn’t budged at all when he’d tried them, so he’d accepted that he’d been kidnapped. Again.These kidnappers must be rich, to give him such a big bed; last time his room had been grimy, cramped, dark. There had been no windows. Tony had thought about banging on the window that stretched across one wall, writing a message for someone to see – but when he went over he saw that it was too high up to do any good, and looking down made him feel sick.The only other things in the room were two bedside tables, with empty glasses and some tissues on top. In the top draws he’d found some strange foil p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
De-Aged Tony Stark
Kid Fic
Kid Tony Stark
Ensemble Cast
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Tower

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov

