Chapter 1





Chapter Text

As Eddie’s knotting his tie in preparation for his interview, he can feel Venom writhing beneath his skin. 

Don’t do it
, he seethes. 

“Look, V, I’m telling you, this is the story of a lifetime. It could reanimate the cold corpse of my dead career.”

It’s too dangerous.

“How would you know?”

We know what you know, Eddie. The Russian Mafia is dangerous.

“What are you even worried about? These guys are human. They’re no match for us. If anyone has the power to safely call out the Bratva, it’s us.” 

Eddie feels Venom lapping at his memories, uncertain. Likely, he can taste the healthy fear that pervades all his pre-Venom impressions of mobs, cartels, and organized crime as a whole. 

“Don’t worry, we’re going to be alright,” he says with real confidence, patting the front of his buttoned up shirt.

Grudgingly, Venom lets him walk out his front door. 



Across town, Eddie tries not to feel underdressed as he enters the lobby of a beautiful hotel. Weaving between the columns that sprout from an expanse of marble, Eddie notices the  chandeliers hanging overhead, delicate crystals twinkling in the soft daylight that pours through floor-to-ceiling windows. 

Fancy. This news story will pay well?

Eddie hums his affirmative. 

Will we be able to move into a place like this? 

Now that Eddie has a job, he’s more careful about answering Venom out loud. Fishing his phone out, he scrolls through his apps aimlessly as he murmurs, “You like this kind of place? I thought you appreciated our grunge lifestyle.”

What makes you happy, makes us happy
, Venom stresses, as if hoping if he repeats it enough, Eddie will start to believe it. 
You like bright, sunny places.

“I could just get a sun lamp,” Eddie says, rolling his eyes at the impeccably dressed maitre’d, the grand staircase, and the immaculate furniture. “This place looks like a museum.” 

The doorman who's still within hearing distance bites down on a grin.
 
There are butterflies in Eddie’s stomach as he takes the elevator to the fifteenth floor.

If neither of us wants to do this, why are you forcing us?

“Because a lot of times the things that make you grow the most are the things you most don’t want to do,” Eddie says, petting soothingly along the black tendrils rising across his forearms.

Once the doors slide open, all it takes is a quick glance down the hall to determine which room the interview is obviously going to be in. 

Eddie’s fifteen minutes early, but already there’s a pair of beefed up security guys, outfitted with suits, shiny shoes, sunglasses, and earpieces, standing guard outside of the room. Like the name of their position in the hierarchy implies, they’re built like bulls (or Byki). 

It’s a struggle not to flinch as they track his progress down the hall, their backs stiffening as he gets closer. The tension is thick when he stops before them. “Uh, I’m here for the interview?” Eddie says, flashing the press badge with his photo ID. 

Silently, the balder of the two men, knocks four times in a distinct pattern, cocks his head to the side as if listening to his headset, and then opens the door for Eddie.

“Thanks,” he squeezes past the two men’s significant shoulder bulk.

So polite
, Venom teases. 

Ignoring him, Eddie fixes his posture and strides into the room with a confidence he doesn’t feel.

There’s a man sitting in a corner of the room, away from the windows, facing the door. And, funnily enough, he looks exactly like Eddie imagines a mid-level mafioso would - hair slicked back, wearing an expensive suit, a lit cigarette between two of his fingers. Only one problem. 

Eddie’s supposed to be meeting a Boyevik - one of the “warriors” of the Bratva. This man doesn’t look like much of a warrior. The only source of comfort is that the man seems rather slim, features almost lanky and poised. 

Still, thank fuck for Venom. 

Happy to be of service. 
He can feel the symbiote purr inside him, the shocks of which tingle beneath his skin. 

“Hey, sorry to keep you waiting. I’m Eddie Brock,” he waves his press badge, awkwardly, not wanting to assume Todorov remembers his name. “I want to thank you for agreeing to take this interview. It’s great to finally be meeting you in person, Mr. Todorov.” 

“Call me Semyon. Please,” Todorov says, in a smoother, more cultured accent than Eddie remembers. With a gesture, he directs Eddie to the loveseat that’s standing about half a room’s distance aways from him - not a big deal, but kind of awkward for an interview. 

Rude
, Venom growls, offended on his behalf.

“Um, sure, no problem…Semyon,” Eddie says, dropping himself onto the indicated cushion. “So, I was thinking I could answer any questions you might have before we begin the interview, if you’d like to go over any logistics, or - ”

“First logistic,” Todorov interrupts. “You drink.” He points to the coffee table where a shot glass stands ready and waiting, filled to the brim with a clear liquid, an open bottle of Spirytu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Self-Sacrificing Eddie Brock
Russian Mafia
Venom stalking Eddie

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

