Work Text:
Peter hits the ground hard, hard enough that his ribs reverb and his teeth chatter together. Big ouch. He can feel, actually feel, the temperature of the blood in his head as it rushes in his ears and trickles down his forehead.Down his forehead.Huh, weird, and yup he’s bleeding. Great, just great. Now he’ll have to explain this to his RA who is definitely suspicious that Peter’s in an abusive situation. And he’ll have to explain to her again that he fell off his skateboard (or something) and the headwound definitely isn’t inflicted by a mysterious alien creature that ritualistically stalks Spider-Man through the night, every night, for the past month.So, yeah. Like he said before: Great, just great.Peter squints up through the mesh screen of the mask, trying to make out where the creep crawls. The alleyway is dark, very dark. Deep in the neighborhoods around Queens, there are not as many streetlights as there should be in this part of the city. And Peter’s suit tech is down. The AI is completely offline; he’s lost his night vision, his specs, those little lit up boxes that yammer off all the usual information that Peter always ignores…Gone totally dark.He’s completely blind.So, he can’t see Venom oozing down the wall. Can’t see the arachnid crawl of its many black tendrils. Can’t see it coming.Oh, but he feels Venom.Especially when Venom curls a tendril around Peter’s ankle, and abruptly lifts him by the ankle, toppling him upside down and hung there. The split second before it plucked him off the ground, Peter closed his eyes; he knew what was coming the moment he felt it around snake around his ankle.Shit, maybe that’s a lie. Maybe he anticipated this when he crawled out his dorm window two hours ago. He knew what was waiting for him in the dark. Didn’t he?“Spider-Man,” Venom sighs, a polyvocal gurgle. “There you are.”A limb, broad as Peter’s thigh, slinks around his waist. It binds his arms to his sides as it tightens snugly. The pressure isn’t so bad. And...well, it’s warm, Peter notes with some surprise. It’s warm, and it eases the pressure of Peter’s weight off his ankle.But it’s also holding him in place. An indominatable force, like gravity. Trapping him there.Peter swallows thickly, more scared than he’d like to admit. He gives a helpless squirm against Venom’s grip, but it only increases his fear; he’s totally immobilized. Up here, Peter can thrash and kick and punch until he’s weak with exhaustion. It wouldn’t do any good. No matter how hard he struggles.He still can’t even see Venom.But he remembers the way that its long, strange tongue looks. Has seen it drag over Venom’s shoulder as it chases Spider-Man on all fours through the city. Peter can identify the feel of it as it licks along his temples, the wet of saliva seeping through the mask.“He’s bleeding,” Venom murmurs to itself, barely a whisper. “I told you not to be so rough on him.”“Hey,” Peter warbles, “…you. Venom. You.” It’s as if he’s having an aneurism. “Uh, how’s it going? Good to see you again...uh...buddy. It’s been too long. Hey, so, do you think you could let me down? Soon? Please? Because I—”Venom doesn’t wait for him to finish before it’s lifting Peter up, up, up high and oh my god Venom is huge. Peter didn’t realize just how high it towered until he’s hung upside down at what he can only assume is eye level with the guy. Alien. Guy.Venom appears before him suddenly. The dark of its face just a dim outline in the distant streetlight. Venom is a vague figure, like something crouching in a closet or skulking over some rooftop. So indistinct, that it might not even be real. Still too hard to make out.Teeth. All Peter can see is teeth.”Woah, hey there. Yup, that’s, uh...pretty scar—“A hand, human in shape but not in color or texture, presses to the mask over Peter’s mouth. Venom hushes him, a loud static rasp.“He talks a lot,” Venom hums to itself, “Doesn’t he?”Peter opens his mouth to object, but Venom continues on as if he isn’t there. “I like it. Let him talk,” a voice says, still polyvocal, but from somewhere within Venom. Strange.The stalk suspending Peter’s body by the ankle sprouts thinner tendrils, slender enough to creep through the mesh of his suit. Once inside, Venom spreads out over his body, pushing up under the elastic fabric. Long, oily-warm limbs that wrap around his thighs and wander up his chest. They pulse over him, shifting back and forth, not grabbing, but just rubbing the skin there. The hand stays over Peter’s mouth, though, even as his breath quickens.“Can you be quiet, little one?” Venom asks, its voice a low growl that sends electricity up Peter’s spine. “Or can you not help yourself?”And Peter reckons he doesn’t have much of a choice in this matter—at all—but he gives a shaky little nod. And Venom—Venom smiles.Then it melts back into the blackness, laughing to itself. Peter gives a little shiver; not being able to see Venom, not knowing what it’ll do next, only increases how (fuck) how excited
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Alley Sex
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Rough Sex
Tentacle Monsters
Monsterfucking

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote

