Work Text:
Food insecurity: the state of being without reliable access to a sufficient quantity of affordable, nutritious food.

 



 
"You look very handsome, Peter." 

 

Usually, Peter would be flattered... But the compliment comes from his aunt, so realistically, that doesn't count. He gives himself a nervous once-over in the skinny floor-length mirror in his room, his shoulders hunching in as his gaze flicks from the stretch of his suit over his shoulders to the way it tapers along his legs. 

 

"This feels expensive," he says weakly, glancing askance toward the opened white box on his bed, courtesy of one Tony Stark. May clicks her tongue, her hands curving around her hips as she looks him up and down. She's wielding her phone like a weapon, her thumb itching like she desperately wants to take about fourteen more pictures of him. "I don't know if..." 

 

"Oh, Peter, it fits like a glove." May bites her tongue, looking like she either wants to cry or pinch his cheek. He hopes she does neither, because when May starts to cry, Peter usually can't hold himself back. He's sympathetically teary, okay? "Look at you, so handsome. I can't believe Tony Stark is so nice to his interns." 

 

Peter coughs. "Yeah, uh, he's a really cool guy like that." He smiles weakly, not really cluing her in on the fact that he is, in fact, going to dinner as an Avenger tonight, not just dorky Peter Parker. The internship is just a guise, seeing as all the Avengers are now well aware of his being Spider-Man... Following a bit of an unfortunate incident involving Clint scaring him so badly, he ended up dangling from the ceiling, spun into a terrified little cocoon of webs. The team had burst in hearing his surprised yelp and Clint's equally surprised shout, and, well... That was that. There was really no easy way to explain how you webbed yourself to the ceiling unless you were, in fact, Spider-Man. 

 

It hadn't been a great day to wear his webshooters under his civvie clothing, but he had been planning on doing a little 'coming out to the Avengers' speech anyway. To their credit, the team had already been fairly fond of Peter Parker, Tony's nerdy intern, so the admission hadn't been particularly hard to swallow. 

 

Even Natasha, who's usually reclusive at best, has been ... affectionately? stalking him around the Avengers Tower as he busies himself in the lab, spars, and makes himself sandwiches, often swooping in and either threading her fingers lightly through his messy hair or tossing a sneak attack his way to make sure he stays on his feet. She seems to alternate between these two moods almost exclusively... But Peter doesn't care, as long as she isn't trying to actually hurt him. 

 

"It's just temporary, anyway." May continues, her mouth curving upwards into a warm smile as she gently brushes a speck of dust off of one shoulder. "After the dinner, you can give the suit back." Her hands flutter around him as if she's working off nervous energy, smoothing down the already smooth tie once more. "Oh, Peter, you look so lovely." 

 

"I just..." Peter takes in the several pieces of the navy suit and deep red tie, the closest homage to Spider-Man Tony could manage without making Peter look all too garish. "... What if I'm not cut out for all this, you know?" He asks, wiping his palms down and fidgeting with the tie a little bit. "Like... Dinner with the Avengers. They're, like, leagues beyond me, you know? I'm just... You know, a lowly intern." And a lowly vigilante, to boot.

 

"You're not just a lowly intern, baby. You're the smartest young man I know, and you deserve this. I won't hear otherwise." May insists, petting Peter's tie one more time before twisting a slightly wayward curl away from his eyes. "Okay, you're ready," She says with a sense of finality, arching slightly to press a kiss against his forehead with a slight sheen over her eyes. "He'll be here soon." 

 

As if on cue, Peter's phone buzzes. 

 


From: Mr. Stark!!!!


 


O/s.


 

Tony Stark isn't really one for mincing words, even through text.

 

"He's here," Peter blurts out breathlessly, gently moving away from May's nervous hands before flinging his arms around her in a brief, tight hug to make sure she knows how much he appreciates her help. "Thanks for helping me get ready." 

 

"Go get 'em, Tiger." she smiles. "You're gonna charm those fancy supersuits right off them." 

 

The words put a kind of horrific image in his head, and he visibly gives her a half-disgusted, half-dismayed expression and hurries out toward the stairs with the sound of her resounding laughter. No one's looking, so there may or may not be a couple totally unnecessary flips that get him to the bottom much faster... Because why not. He hesitates once more in front of the door, his heart pounding loudly in his ears as he looks down at his almost ridiculously shiny new dress shoes. The whole outfit costs more than all of the clothing he's ever owned combined. 

 

It's c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
food insecurity
Panic
The Avengers Are Good Bros
They all watch out for their Spider-kid
Irondad
Peter struggles to get by but he has a family
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

