Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“There’s a monster made of tar walking around San Francisco,” Natasha said, “We don’t have any pictures but it’s been in the rumor mill for a while.”

“So, you’re saying there’s more proof of bigfoot than whatever this is?” Steve said, “Has anyone drawn a picture or you know, written a poem about it?”
 
“No, it’s newer than that,” Natasha deadpanned, not appreciating his humor in the moment, “A year ago there was a crash in Malaysia which lead to illegal human testing in California. We think there’s a co-relation ever since the CEO of the company died mysteriously in his lab. He was the one funding both projects. Recently files were found about the people he was studying but most of the information is blurry at best. All we know is that most people, usually homeless and nameless, didn’t survive the testing. SHIELD hasn’t been looking into it too hard because most of it were rumors and nothing seemed to come out of it until we found files connecting the death to the experiments.”
 
“Either we’re looking at some rookie who thinks there were aliens and tested ugly things on homeless people, or there were actual aliens and he died because of them?” Tony said. “How did they die?”
 
“That’s the biggest problem,” Natasha said, “We couldn’t find remnants of the bodies, but organ failure seems to be the core cause of death according to the older files, and then the cause changes in later filed 'to eaten from the inside.'”
 
“Oh-kay,” Steve said, “I see why they want the Avengers involved.”
 
“Most people from the experiment didn’t survive but we know one journalist who investigated this and lost his job for it,” Natasha said, “That’s why we need to figure out a team to interview him. He hasn’t changed address since.”
 
 
 
Steve found himself knocking on the rundown door of a crappy apartment. The whole floor stank of smoke and mildew and he wondered if the city ever ran health tests in this neighborhood. He tugged on his baseball cap, checking on Natasha who was wearing a leopard print bustier dress and sunglasses.
 
Something crashed on the other side of the door, followed by swearing and mumbling. Steve was able to give one last eyebrow raise to Natasha before the door was pulled open. The smell of cooking hitting them--some kind of meat dish with a weird rancid smell beside it.
 
A man, unshaven and tired looking wore a hoodie and jeans. He looked like he’d been a model once but had to live in the woods for a while since and those years took away his youth and good nature.
 
“What is it?” the guy said, who Steve recognized as Eddie Brock from the video files on his old talk show. A shattered plate covered the kitchen floor. “You look familiar,” he said, “This better not be an intervention.”
 
Steve shrugged, “Sort of. We’re here investigating the Drake case around the missing homeless people and mysterious murders,” he said, “My colleague and I heard you were looking into it a year ago. Eddie Brock, right? I’m Steve and this is Natasha.”
 
“That kind of intervention,” Eddie said, “Yeah, sure, come in,” he said, motioning for them to take the couch. “Sorry for the mess. I should put the oven on low, just give me a second.”
 
As he left, Natasha turned to Steve, “He’s a freelance journalist now but I don’t see any files around. Do you think he has a workplace?”
 
Eddie came back, plopping himself in a sofa across from them.
 
“What do you want to know?”
 
Steve shrugged, “Whatever you have. We’re thinking there might be aliens involved and we’re curious.”
 
Eddie laughed in his hand, “Yeah, sure, whatever you want,” he said, “There were aliens, I saw them. They were being forced into people and a lot of them died because it wasn’t enough. They weren’t bonding. Drake thought he could take one and that was fine, but it’s a cannibal alien race, you know. One of the other aliens ate. Everything just kind of blew up. The aliens didn’t survive.”
 
Natasha leaned in, “Why didn’t you report it, then? You could have made money off of this story.”
 
Eddie looked to the ceiling for patience, “I’m not well. It was shocking, there’s a lot I don’t know. I’ve been schizophrenic since then--well, that would be my diagnosis if I could afford a health plan. Plus, I started my career writing mindless conspiracy theories for knock off magazines. You think anyone’s going to believe me? There’s a video on Youtube of me eating a live lobster, man. I’m not exactly considered trustworthy in the journalistic world anymore.”
 
“That sucks,” Steve said, leaning, “Look, we’re just wondering because we’re afraid one got loose and we need to know what we’re dealing with.”
 
“You want to know about the aliens I saw,” Eddie said, “Sure. They’re multicoloured, goopy, um,” he seemed to be thinking of words to describe them, “They eat each other and people. I don’t know what to tell you.”
 
“Were they a hive mind?” Steve said, “Did they all die when the leader died?”
 
Eddie shrugged, “Don’t know enough. They weren’t like 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Murder
Alien Invasion
Eddie is learning to cook
the Avengers are having a hard time with this
I'm just a human disaster who should be writing a paper on politics
Mainly dialogue
people don't like
when you eat other people
Venom came to have a good time and feels so attacked right now

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

