Work Text:
The way Eddie figured it, what was the point of living with a symbiote inside you if you weren’t going to make full, dirty use of his…attributes?Or at least that was what he told himself now, pinned to his own bed because he’d woken up horny, which meant that Venom was horny, and Venom didn’t know the meaning of the word moderation.“I’m gonna be late,” Eddie said. Tried to say. Managed mostly to say minus the guttural “uhhh” that cut off the last word when Venom clamped one of his little tentacle-type things around Eddie’s dick and squeezed. “I just got this job. I can’t—”
You can. We can.
Venom gave another squeeze, hard enough that Eddie’s feet tried to kick reflexively and got pinned down as ruthlessly as his upper body.We like this. Only a few of Venom’s most basic oil-slick tendrils had appeared, nothing resembling a head, so his voice was only a rumble inside Eddie’s own mind. Somehow it was all the more powerful for it. Being held down. We like it very much.Another, thinner tentacle split from the others and circled the tip of Eddie’s cock. It was barely a brush at first, but when Eddie jerked with a whine, the touch grew more firm and sure. It swept back and forth over the head, dipped into the slit, and flicked at every drop of precome it teased out.“Not like that,” Eddie said. “That, it’s…way too sensitive. You—”He broke off with a wail when Venom gave up with the teasing and exploring and just started polishing Eddie’s cock head in earnest. If he hadn’t been held down, he’d have been thrashing, struggling, fighting, but there was nothing to do when Venom had him like this. He could only moan and gnaw his lip and take it.
Yes. Eddie. Like this. We want it to hurt. Don’t we?
And there it was: a tingly, tense sensation near his shoulder that preceded Venom’s head rising and looping around so he was staring Eddie right in the face. Those milky eyes, those needle-sharp teeth—they were simultaneously alien and deeply familiar, and Eddie was quickly losing the ability to lie to him.
Don’t we, Eddie?
“Yes,” Eddie said with a whimper, and jolted in Venom’s hold when the tentacle polished faster. 
 The problem was that, although Eddie’s sexual history was pretty tame, all things considered, his fantasy life was not. And Venom had access to it all. Venom scoured the darkest depths of Eddie’s desires and rifled through what he found like people flipped through gossip rags.Then he wanted to talk about it.
You don’t want to be able to say no. You want the choice taken out of your hands completely.
And with Venom’s voice booming in Eddie’s skull like a bullhorn, Eddie couldn’t ignore him no matter how hard he tried.“It’s a fantasy. Doesn’t necessarily mean I want to do it. It’s just for me to think about.”
For us to think about.
Eddie didn’t argue because it was true. He was starting to believe there would never be an Eddie Brock without Venom, and he was surprisingly on board with that. They worked. They felt good together: right.He’d barely returned to his interview notes when Venom was sending snippets of old hentai through his mind.
Look at how perfectly we fit, Eddie. So many ‘tentacles’ in here. You craved us long before we even conceived of each other.
“Dude. Tentacle porn is basically inescapable. Another thing that doesn’t necessarily mean anything.”You want it. More flashes, this time of real-people porn: shots of a twink stuffed with at least one cock at either end. Yes. ‘Stuffed.’ We want it too. We will stuff you so full you’ll be incapable of denying us anything.There went Eddie’s productivity. What was left of it, anyway. He shoved his laptop and notebook aside, sat back in his chair, and rubbed his eyes. Tried to pretend his dick wasn’t already hard in his jeans and this wasn’t going to end with him pinned down again and tortured.A tingly-tight feeling between his shoulder blades, and then Eddie’s hair was being stroked by a pair of Venom’s oily tendrils. Another pair ventured lower to work on undoing his zip.
Shh. Relax. We’ll take care of you.
“You always do, don’t you?”
And you take care of us. Our perfect host. See? It feels good.
It did. Eddie’s legs had been frozen in place as wide as they would go, and Venom was stroking his cock as languidly and gently as he was stroking Eddie’s hair. No oversensitivity, no teasing. Just pure, sweet pleasure.
More?
“Please.”More in this case was apparently an odd aching sensation in his nipples. Eddie saw nothing happening, not even a hint of movement under his shirt, but it felt like he’d been touched there. Was still being touched there. But not in any way he’d been touched before. He was vividly aware of his nipples, arching his back like he expected Venom to suck them.
Without us, it didn’t feel like this.
“N—uhn. No.” Eddie’s head lolled to one side, and one of Venom’s tendrils tapped his temple, like a kiss. “I’ve never been this sensitive. Can—”He couldn’t say it. He could barely even think it. He found another porn image in the depths o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Possessive Behavior
Overstimulation
Fluff and Smut
Public Sex
Consent Play
Pet Names
Name-Calling
Sounding
Bondage
Dom/sub Undertones
Painplay
Rimming
Anal Play

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

