Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Dan was a normal guy. It was something he sort of took pride in. He had a normal job, a normal car, a normal (beautiful, smart) girlfriend: he had a normal life. It was his girlfriend’s abnormal ex that threw a wrench in things, and who, for one reason or another, ended up dragging both Anne - and by extension, Dan into the strange reality of his life. At first there was so much going on that Dan didn’t have time to be annoyed, or jealous, or suspicious of Eddie. His journalism was great, he was clearly smart, and funny, and indisputably hot (because, listen. Dan did some stuff in college, he knew what a mouth like that did, for both men and women), but none of that mattered because Dan saw that the guy was clearly sad and lost and a little neurotic the first time they met, none of which were exactly threatening.The next time he met Eddie, he was wild around the eyes, wearing clothes that smelt like day-old sweat, like chemicals and sickness and also inexplicably chicken. All of that promptly overpowered by the smell of lobster and briny water. Dan was too busy worrying for the man’s health to care about what he may or may not mean to Anne these days, and then he was seriously worrying about his health, because he had a parasite, and not just an easily cleared up stomach parasite caused by the old chicken he mentioned eating, but something serious, something Dan had never seen before that was wreaking absolute havoc on his body, destroying everything in its path.So he was worried, and then he was scared, and now – now he was just confused. Because Eddie seemed like a nice guy outside of it all, and Dan wished he could dig up some sort of possessiveness in him, something he should be feeling in response to his girlfriend kissing her ex and also being put in a good amount of danger by that ex, but ultimately he just – couldn’t. He knew Anne well enough to recognize that she would have probably ended up getting involved regardless, and from what she had told him that last decision to go back and help was all her, and the kiss – well, there was the rub. Anne told him about it in the end, only after she found out that Eddie and the symbiote were still bonded, which stung a little, but she told him it was the symbiote’s idea, and honestly, he believed her.It was a weird thought, though. Anne seemed to think that the symbiote had just pulled the idea from her memories and applied it to the situation because it was a behavior that required touch, and touching Eddie was its priority, but Dan was a little suspicious of that theory. Not that he thought she was lying to him – he knew that the kiss truly wasn’t her idea, but the reasoning she gave him seemed off, somehow. There had to be something else to it. It had passed between people before, between people and animals and back again, and so it clearly knew how to bond with someone just by touching them. It had wanted to kiss Eddie. Why, Dan didn’t know yet, but he knew that at least.He couldn’t help wondering about it, trying to figure out its reasoning. Kept wondering about it, kept thinking that there had to be something else to it, debated briefly whether it would be awkward to bring up with Anne before deciding yes, probably. So he stewed in his own curiosity for a good few months, itching to know, right up until out of the blue - he got a call.“Dan?”“Speaking,” Dan said, putting his phone on speaker while he changed out of his scrubs.“Uh, it’s Eddie, Eddie Brock?”“Oh shoot, sorry, how are you Eddie?”There was a pause at the other end of the line, a muffling sound like Eddie was putting his hand over the speaker, before he said, “Yeah, yeah I’m good, great thanks. I was wondering if – ah, if maybe I could talk to you about something?”“Oh, uh sure,” Dan said, quickly grabbing his phone and turning it off speaker. He didn’t think there was anyone in the hospital’s dressing room with him, but he didn’t want to risk someone overhearing Eddie talking about his symbiote. “Did you want to talk over the phone, or do you want me to come over? I can get to you in about thirty minutes, if it’s urgent.”“It’s not… urgent,” Eddie said tentatively, “but if you don’t mind, talking about it tonight would be good?”“Sure, no problem. Send me your new address and I’ll be over soon.”“Great, that’s great, I’ll see you later,” Eddie said, sounding distracted, in all likelihood by the alien voice in his head. Dan stared at his phone after he hung up, wondering what Eddie wanted to talk about, and what could be important enough for him to call Dan about it. He was a decent guy, sure, but Dan couldn’t imagine that he was eager to associate with his ex-fiance’s new boyfriend. Anne and Eddie had gotten coffee a few times since everything had gone down, and Anne had told Dan just this past week that he absolutely had the symbiote still attached to him, but that he seemed to be happy. Healthy. Dan wasn’t entirely sure how you could be happy when you were sharing yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Venom Symbiote/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Voyeurism
Tentacles
POV Outsider
Alien Sex
Dirty Talk
Light Humiliation
Established Relationship
Kink Discovery
Anal Sex
Deepthroating
(with alien tongue)
Accidental Voyeurism
Sharing a Body
Post-Canon
Foursome - F/M/M/M
(sort of)
Friends With Benefits
Kink Exploration
Rimming
Light Bondage

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Venom Symbiote/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Venom Symbiote

