Work Text:
When May starts telling him she’s going out with a friend, Peter’s happy for her. He’s happy she’s finally taking time to do something to herself, being social, spending time with someone, having fun. She looks like she had fun, when she comes back.Peter knows that, because at first, May only goes out on the evenings when Peter is home. He’s allowed to patrol three nights a week, and May never arranges anything on those days. She wants to be 100 percent available those days, and see with her own eyes that Peter returns in one piece and isn’t hiding an injury anywhere.“May, it’s fine, I can just call Tony if I need help, you don’t have to stay in to see that I’m okay,” he assures her several times, but it’s not until a month later that she finally agrees, but only on the condition that Peter swings by the Tower and then  Tony  has to send her a text that Peter’s fine. Peter would be affronted by how little she trusts his word, except, well, okay, he can agree she kind of has a reason to. He doesn’t exactly have a clean record with these sorts of things.Most of the time, Peter can honestly forget about the fact that May is seeing someone. His world doesn’t change much from it.At one point, May starts spending the night away sometimes - of course, she lets him know beforehand when that’s happening - and on those nights Peter is the most aware of the fact that there is someone else in her life, but he’s  happy . She deserves that. She deserves to have someone else who loves her, after all the suffering Ben’s death put her through. And so he doesn’t take it for anything that he has to cook his own food on some nights, or that he doesn’t have anyone’s breathing to listen to in the next room before he falls asleep.One day, May sits down next to him on the sofa, and Peter glances up to see her give him a soft smile. Peter lowers his phone. It didn’t seem like Happy was properly appreciating the new cat pictures he sent him anyways. Peter really needs to have a chat with him about the rudeness of leaving someone on read.“Hey, May. What’s up?”“Hey, sweetheart. You know David? The guy I’ve been going out with for a few months? I’d like for you to meet him,” she says, pulling at her fingers. It’s a nervous tick she has. Peter has seen her pull at her fingers too many times to count. When she had to call the landlord to tell him that they need a little more time. When Ben broke his nose because he fell from the attic ladder at May’s mother’s house. When she had send Peter off to take a bus to school alone for the first time. She pulled at her fingers a lot after Ben died.Peter turns her words over in his head and nods.“Okay. I’d like to meet him.”“Is it okay that I bring him over tomorrow?”“Yeah! Yeah, sure!” David is taller than Peter, has green eyes and dirty blond hair, a slightly crooked nose, sturdy build, and a strong grip.And Peter wants to get a far away from him as possible.As soon as he enters the apartment and sees May and David chatting on the living room couch, his spidey-sense goes off so abruptly he almost flinches. He has to consciously stop himself from backing down when David comes to give him a handshake.And the worst thing is, he seems  nice  . He makes an effort to talk to Peter, cracks a joke here and there, he asks about Peter’s interests, and May seems so  happy  when she talks with him. Peter has absolutely no idea why David makes his skin crawl.He excuses himself as soon as is socially acceptable, and escapes to his room with the excuse of homework, hearing May and David talk and laugh and trying desperately to focus on the fact that he makes May happy. Peter is probably just getting sick or something.It’s what he keeps telling himself when May comes to his room after David leaves, and asks him what he thought of him.“Yeah, I like him,” he says with a thin-lipped smile. It must seem genuine enough, because May looks like he told her the happiest news of her life. “I don’t like him,” he tells Ned, as the two sit down at their lunch table. “Ned, I don’t like him at all. He gives me the creeps.”Ned pushes the olives from his plate onto Peter’s, and gives him a worried look.“Do you just not like him or is it the, uh, the S-thing?” he asks, discreetly - as discreetly as he can manage - referring to Peter’s spidey-sense. Peter plops one olive in his mouth.“Both.”“Have you told May that?” Ned frowns, and Peter quickly shakes his head.“Think maybe you should?”“He makes her happy,” Peter argues, “and he hasn’t done anything wrong! He seems like a completely okay guy. I don’t know why I don’t like him, it wouldn’t be fair to May if I tell her.”“But your S-thing. That’s something, Peter,” Ned reminds him, and Peter sighs, shrugging.“Maybe it’s just…broken.” David comes over more and more often, and the feeling doesn’t lessen. He usually doesn’t pay Peter much attention, and Peter’s perfectly okay with that. He doesn’t join May and David unless May asks him to, and even then only if he can’t  exc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Child Abuse
(but it's not very graphic. and he's not like beating the shit out of him or anyhitng)
Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
I'll add tags later

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

