Work Text:
***Darcy had a new hobby — fan art. Specifically, Avengers fan art. Oh, she was not a creator of it, but she considered herself a connoisseur, and took on the self-assigned role of curator. She collected it, shared it, and enjoyed tormenting the others with it. Some of it was beautiful, of course, some of it was funny as hell, and some of it was a little horrifying, but she appreciated the spirit behind it all and the giddy fannish love from which it came. Tony and Steve were the biggest fans, though she was pretty sure Steve wished Tony would stop sending him the ones where the two of them were doing naked things together. Thor accepted it easily enough, but then he was a prince who was entirely used to having portraits and statues of himself around, so his commentary was largely confined to remarks on artistic merit. Bruce just sighed, which was Bruce’s default reaction to pretty much everything. Clint was the easiest to torment, because he didn’t like being noticed by anybody and the fact that there were strangers actively looking for photos of him and drawing pictures of him and otherwise thinking about him made him twitchy as hell. And Natasha was just baffled by the whole thing. "Look! Look!" Thor laughed, pulling a picture from a stack of art Darcy’d just brought back from a local con. "Look at tiny Loki! He is so small and so fierce."Darcy looked up from the comic she was perusing and grinned over at Thor. The print was from a series of the Avengers as kids. Not entirely her style, but the Loki one was too cute to pass up because, even if he was an evil asshole, Thor still loved him and she knew it would make the big guy happy. "The little snarl," she pointed out with a laugh of her own and Thor nodded his agreement."It is a fine representation of Loki as a child, though he did not wear the helm then." Thor smiled fondly at the picture. "May I have this one to hang upon my wall?""Of course, I bought it for you." Darcy smiled back and enjoyed, almost as much as Thor’s happiness, the thought of Jane’s reaction to the new addition to their decor. "You have my thanks."Tony, on her other side, was also digging through the pile of prints. “Where are the naked pictures of my Adonis-like physique?”Darcy’s lips twisted in disgust and she made a gagging noise. “I am not buying naked pictures of my father. You want that, you go next time.” She reached into the pile, flipping through some of the prints until she found the one she’d bought for herself. “Here, this one is my favorite.” It was cartoon-Tony being chased by his robots. "You had this commissioned, didn’t you?" He scowled at her. "I don’t know what you’re talking about," she told him with as innocent a smile as she could manage. She actually hadn’t, because the universe was kind and she hadn’t had to. Tony and Steve were easily the most popular subjects, because they’d both been public figures forever, so there was a lot for people to work with. And Tony was insanely popular because he was Tony and even when people hated him they were often moved to express that in pastels. But, mockery was good, too, and frequent. And in this picture, it was mockery with love. Thor looked over her shoulder at the picture and chuckled. “It is as though the artist has been in your workshop. I believe I saw a similar scene just days ago.”"I was manfully retreating from an impending explosion and they were covering my back," Tony corrected with a sniff. Thor looked unimpressed and entirely too amused. Tony pointed a finger at him. "Can it, Point Break.""I have seen that film, I do not understand the comparison."Darcy rolled her eyes at both of them as they continued to snipe at each other. Tony was more than a little Loki-like and Thor had millennia dealing with his brother, so they’d both fallen into the odd, and maybe unexpected, habit of picking on each other when the opportunity arose. They seemed to enjoy it, and since it never devolved into violence, she ignored it.Turning back to her comic, and tuning them out, she flipped through the pages. It was okay, she supposed. Hawkeye and Black Widow fighting some nameless, possibly pointless villain. The art was pure 80s four-color, which was probably the point of the whole piece — going for the vintage cheese-factor feel. But, it was one of the last panels on the last page that made Darcy cringe. In a completely terrified way. As in, people were going to die."Oh crap," she muttered, wincing but unable to look away from the panel."What?" Tony asked, snatching the book from her hands. His eyes scanned the page, and she saw the moment he found what had her so horrified. The look of glee on his face was unholy and so very dangerous. "That is the best thing I’ve ever seen." He pulled out his phone to take a picture, but Darcy grabbed the book away from him. “Dad, do we have to talk about this again? You’re a superhero, not a supervillain. Don’t you understand? People will die if she sees this. Actual people will act
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Leftovers
Tony Stark is Kind of a Troll
Thor is Not Actually an Idiot

fandom: 
None
