Chapter 1: Mistakes (FFVII)
    


Summary:

Prompt by amydrifting: Harry Potter x FFvii





Chapter Text
Harry was a man full of regret. He regretted everything from waking up that morning to finding that stupid stone that had transported him to this stupid world, hell, he regretted ever coming into magic, he regretted being alive and ever leaving Privet Drive all those years ago."No, for the fifteenth fucking time, I will not make you a magic item! Piss the fuck off!" he roared at the hopeful looking who-ever, he didn't even give a crap. Some sort of warrior. Gaia was full of them and they were all weird as fucking hell. And they all were of the mind that magic and magicians and everything related was for the sole reason of making them just a bit stronger."But… you've made magic items before," the warrior said, pouting. "I heard you made Sephiroth's shoulder guards.""The fuck is a Sephiroth?" Harry asked. There had been a case with shoulder thingies, though. One annoying asshole with long hair and a stupid sword – Harry had charmed the asshole's shoulder pad thingies to make the guy weightless and then had watched happily how the guy helplessly just floated away in the wind, listening to the guy's lovely cursing all the way. It had been music to his ears."And you gave Angeal's his gloves!" the warrior said."The fuck do you think I've seen angels – are you high?" Harry asked suspiciously, wondering if it was worth it to try and just Disapparate the fuck out of here. Apparition was a bit risky around here but…"You made gloves that are hard as metal and they're just leather!" the guy argued. "I know you did, he told me himself!"Well there had been one guy who had been relatively nice for a pushy asshole. Harry had eventually gotten tired of all the hand-shake attempts and just put a weight charm on the guy's gloves, leaving him trying to pull his suddenly very heavy hands off the ground where they had been imbedded after the charm had taken effect."And you made Genesis his sword, so you might as well make something for me too!" the warrior said, pointing a finger at him."The fuck did I make anyone a sword," Harry grumbled."You did! It has runes and it glows and occasionally catches on fire!"Oh, that one. Yeah he might've. The red headed idiot had been shoving the thing at his face, so Harry had just slapped a heating charm on it. It had been fun watching the guy burning his fingers on the thing. He'd fully expected the guy have burned himself to death on the thing by now."Well, whatever the hell I did before aside, I'm not doing shit for you," Harry informed the guy. "So you might as well just piss off and leave me alone.""No way – you have any idea how long it took to find you? No, no way man. I am getting something from you even if it kills me," the warrior said."I can definitely help you with THAT one if you'd like," Harry said, gleam coming to his eyes."Ah. No, I just… Come on man. You can make these things like, from nothing, right?" the warrior asked pleadingly. "So make me something. Please? I'm gonna be a hero and hero needs a special magic item! Like shoulder guards of flight and gloves of might and a sword of flame.""And a head of air, apparently," Harry agreed, narrowing his eyes. "You're not gonna leave me alone until I give you something, are you?""Nope!" the warrior said cheerfully and slammed a fist to his chest. "I'm the most tenacious SOLDIER around. Ask anybody. I can out last anybody.""Uhhuh," Harry answered, rolling his eyes. Then he considered the guy – very manly man sort of person, all muscles. Apparently all muscles in his brain too, judging by the way he was going about. Harry most definitely didn't have the patience for him, not for extended periods of time.A smile slowly came to Harry's face. The guy probably wanted something oh so epic, like a magic sword or some shit. Well fuck that noise. "You know what, I got the perfect thing for you," he said, flexing his fingers and calling on his magic. "Crouch down a bit."The guy crouched down immediately, eager puppy dog look on his face as Harry stepped closer. Above his head – just beyond the edge of the guy's field of vision – he conjured an item, slapped some random spells on it, and then watched how the thing entwined itself into the guy's hair."There. Now piss the fuck off before I set you on fire," Harry said."Oh man! Thanks so much!" the warrior said, jumping to his feet and touching his hair. The smile froze on his face. "Wait. What?""Yep," Harry nodded, smiling. "I'm going to set you on fire now."The guy's eyes widened and he quickly turned and ran – the tails of the gorgeous pink ribbon he now had on trailing after him while Harry cackled and threw balls of fire in his direction.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Uchiha Itachi

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Crossover
Snippets
many many oneshots
many many plots
Crack
Crossover Pairings
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Uchiha Itachi

