Chapter 1: Stabbed
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
As they continued their limping journey through the galaxy, it became clear that ruling a shipload of refugees was a far cry from the royal experience either of the princes had been raised to expect.Sometimes it was just what they had been raised to. They would arrive at a planet, usually one with a robust and prosperous economy, or at least enough finances to flow into royal coffers. They would announce their entrance, be escorted to a throne room, subjected to exhausting royal protocols and negotiations, but then at least there would be some kind of dinner. There would be wine, ranging in quality. They would dress up and braid their hair and straighten their spines and smile politely and answer shallow and asinine questions as if their entire planet had not been destroyed.   But most of the planets towards which they steer their massive and clunky Ark (as Bruce Banner had suggested they call it, for some reason) were the seedy backwater markets that had no respectable governing bodies to speak of, only crime families and capitalist tyrants, or despots like the Grandmaster. It was easier, then, to do their trading directly with merchants and mechanics. In a certain way, they almost felt more freed.    On this particular occasion, Thor and the Valkyrie went off to a supplier she’d done business with in the past. Heimdall stayed with the ship, where the citizens worked on loading the meager supplies they’d already gathered. Loki and Bruce were thus set loose on the market stalls, with vague instructions to find anything that “looked useful.”   Loki had smirked at his brother’s instructions.    “And what, pray tell, is your operating definition of useful?”Thor merely gave him a little shove, and a roll of his eye. “Just stay out of trouble, brother.”    Loki wanders through the stalls, examining the wares. Despite his mockery of his brother, Loki did have a list of things he needed that he might find in the market stalls. It was mostly magical tools and supplies, once plentiful on Asgard, but rare in these parts of the galaxies. If he could get some of them, his magic repairs to the ship would be made easier. Healing would go smoother. But as he looked around at this market, he felt his hope dwindle. Stolen goods being fleeced, weapons, recreational drugs. That was what was mainly on offer here.    He scowls at a stall filled with beasts in cages, but then his eyes alight on a stall of books.    He thinks for a moment about how his brother would tease him mercilessly if he found him with his nose planted in a book, then gives in.    He’s flipping through an unfortunately outdated volume of herbs and their medicinal uses when something collides with him. A body slips past him, a fist hits his lower back and he stumbles, dropping the book. Whoever hit him was gone in the next moment.    Loki spins to chase after him, fury and indignation hot in his veins. Or, he tries to. His knees buckle as he turns and he hits the ground hard. He manages to drag himself into the dark space between two stalls as he registers something hot begin to drip down his back.    Shit, he thinks as he gropes behind him. His fingers brush the wound and he seizes in pain. His breath comes quick as panic grows. He’s been stabbed in a dirty bookseller’s stall. Wonderful.  And it severed his spine.    Or at least significantly damaged the cord. His legs are numb and tingling and he can feel his magic tied up in holding the nerves together. He’ll heal but it will take time and he won’t be able to use his magic to stop the bleeding, or defend himself if whoever did it came back. And he won’t be able to walk until it’s done. He presses his hand harder against the wound, ignoring the pain and tries to think. He doesn’t have time to wait to be missed. The blood is already starting to pool beneath him.    A projection. He can use just a little magic to send a projection. But the ship is too far, and he doesn’t know where Thor and Valkyrie are. But Bruce…Bruce should be around here somewhere. He closes his eyes and loosens some of his seidr from holding nerves together. His legs go suddenly, sickeningly dead. He swallows down the rising panic and projects his consciousness into a double.    Then he walks, not runs, but walks quickly, trying not to draw attention to himself, until he finds Bruce, poking at some oddly green meat hanging in a crowded stall.    “Banner!” Bruce turns, jumping at Loki's sudden intrusion. “I apologize, I didn’t mean to startle you.”    “Yeah, no worries, what do you think this weird-”   “We don’t have much time, I need your help.”Bruce raises an eyebrow. “What did you do?”In his physical body, Loki grinds his teeth in frustration. “I did nothing. Well, not this time at least. It’s possible that…never mind. What you need to know is that I’m in a bit of a bind and I need you to follow me.” Bruce looks hesitant. Be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Whumptober 2018
team revengers - Freeform
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Team Bonding
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Sokovia Accords
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Mythology References
Illnesses
Kidnapping
Magic
there's a lot going on everyone deserves a nap

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)

