Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Eddie.
 “No.” 
Eddie.
 “No.” 
Eddie.
 “No! We are  not eating anyone!” 
Stark?
 “No, Stark is  not food.” Eddie massaged his temples, not the safest thing to do when he was driving. “Just… stay quiet, okay?” 
Quiet. Right. Will this get me food?
 “If you stay quiet I’ll buy you a bunch of chocolate and tater tots,” Eddie hissed. This seemed to satisfy Venom, who fell silent. Eddie pulled into the Compound, parking his car a short distance from the entrance. He didn’t get out immediately, though, instead sitting there for a moment. “Lay low. Stay quiet. Hopefully they don’t know about us- but knowing Stark… well, just keep quiet, and we’ll see what happens.” 
You’ve said that twice.
 “What?” 
You said stay quiet. Twice.
 “Oh.” Eddie opened the car door and stepped out. “I’m going inside now, so you’d really better stay quiet. Or else I’ll seem either crazy, or like I’ve still got you.” 
But you do still have me.
 “No one is supposed to know that!” Eddie took a deep breath, exhaling slowly, then opened the doors to the Compound. “Welcome, Mr Brock,” came a feminine voice, from somewhere above Eddie- obviously FRIDAY, Stark’s AI. “FRIDAY, right?” he asked, somewhat amused. The AI chuckled. “You’ve got that right, Mr Brock.” “Welcome, Welcome!” The very loud, obnoxious but consistent voice of Tony Stark echoed across the room. He reached Eddie and shook the reporter’s hand. “Eddie Brock, right?” “Tony Stark, I presume?” Eddie shot back, and the billionaire let out a short laugh. “Yes, come on through.” Eddie followed Tony, a little more nervous than usual- though who could blame him? He was hoping to hide his alien friend. “So, I’m assuming you know why you’re here?” Tony asked as he opened the door to another room- revealing Captain America, Bruce Banner, The Winter Soldier, Black Widow, Falcon, Hawk Eye, and some kid he couldn’t name sitting at a table. Eddie simply shook his head, and the billionaire frowned. “Giant rocket? Explosion? Alien symbiotes? Does any of that ring a bell?” The reporter gulped; he guessed he wouldn’t be able to hide Venom for much longer, not that he’d really expected to, anyway. “Yeah, yeah it does.” Captain America- Steve, Eddie thinks his actual name is, gestured for Eddie to sit, and he complied nervously. “We wanted to ask about the symbiote you bonded with,” pitched in Black Widow- Natasha, Eddie was sure of that one. “More specifically what happened to it.” Avoiding the probing, Eddie pointed at the kid. “What’s he doing in here?” “I’m Peter. Parker. Peter Parker,” the kid said, and Eddie had to admit, he was kind of adorable, in a childish way. 
Eddie. Can we keep him?
 “No,” Eddie hissed, unfortunately loud enough to be heard. “So you still have it,” Tony said acknowledgingly. Eddie, Venom said, a warning edge to his tone; he was obviously ready to fight his way out, if they needed to. Sighing, Eddie raised his palms in surrender. “Yeah, he… he didn’t die after the blast, though he almost did.” Venom chose this moment to materialise, coming out from between Eddie’s shoulder blades and twisting around to look at his host. The Avengers, apart from Tony and the kid-  Peter, his name was Peter- flinched, and Eddie allowed himself a small smile as he reached up a hand to pat Venom, who purred like a cat. “This is Venom,” Eddie said slowly, after the silence grew too long. “And I’m out.” The Falcon-  Sam,  Eddie reminded himself, not wanting his hours of extensive research on the Avengers prior to this meeting to go to waste.  Sam, Sam, Sam- said loudly as he stood, pushing his chair harshly back. “Sam,” Steve said, in a voice that sounded  very exasperated. “No. No! That thing is an  alien, a creepy man eating alien and it’s name is Venom? I’m out.” Sam began to back away, towards the door. 
“Eddie, can I eat him?”
 “No, you  can’t . He’s not a bad guy,” Eddie snapped at Venom hurriedly, knowing that the others in the room could currently hear the symbiote. “Guys,” came the voice of the kid, Peter Parker. Eddie wasn’t expecting anyone to listen to a kid, but they did, all turning to look at him expectantly. “Have you thought you might be freaking him out? Like when I got bitten and my senses were heightened for those few days? Like everything was dialed up to eleven.” “Eddie,   now   can we keep him?” “For God’s Sake Venom, I already said no!” To Eddie’s surprise, Peter laughed a little bit at that. “Sorry buddy, you can’t keep me.” Peter grinned at the symbiote, and the lack of fear on the kid’s face stunned Eddie. “The city needs me.” “Okay, you’ve lost me,” Eddie said, holding up his hands in surrender. “Bitten? Heightened senses? The city needs you?” “Oh, come on, man. I’m Spider-Man.” Eddie didn’t even get a chance to voice his disbelief and the kid was crawling across the ceiling, then sitting there upside down right above them. Venom curiously stretched up towards the kid, despite Eddie’s hissed “No”, and Peter poked at him with a finger. “Peter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
symbrock
Pre-slash but still gay
IronStrange
StrangeIron
veddie - Freeform
Supreme Family
Peter likes the Venom Symbiote
Tony’s “impenetrable” defences breached again
the “mask!” “Copy” thing happens bc I love it
Venom is a bitch
Eddie don’t call him a parasite that’s mean
Peter is saved by Eddie and Venom
hes not that grateful
IronDad and SpiderSon
Tony is protective dad
Peter is a good child who doesn’t assume your sexual preference
be like Peter
wait no don’t he nearly died

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote

