Work Text:
Tony isn’t sure how he ended up with a kid who doesn’t talk; the cynics would call it karma he guesses, or maybe the universe thinks it’s funny. It’s one of the first thing that absolutely everyone who meets Peter remarks - wow, he’s quiet, but hey! I guess you talk enough for the two of ya, Tony!

    People think it’s hilarious until Peter also refuses to look them in the eye or let anyone get more than three feet within his reach. If a noise is too loud he’ll start tapping his foot, harder and harder, faster and faster until he lashes out and kicks something close to him. There are a few holes in the walls, there are broken chairs and lamps. Tony has gone floor by floor in the tower to put in sound buffering layers for the kid and childproofed his home in an entirely different capacity than most.  

    There are lots of things Peter does to indicate to others around him - almost immediately after meeting the kid they look at Tony with such fucking pity in their eyes. It drives him nuts. They don’t see the kid in his element - they don’t see him in the lab working on shit that will literally change their fucking world. They don’t know that he’s taught Tony Stark a thing or too in organic chemistry. They don’t see Peter slowly opening up day by day, curled up next to Tony on the couch or sometimes even Happy.

    Shit, he thought Happy would cry the first time it happened - and that man sat stone faced through Titanic back in 1997.  

    “So he’s mute?” the admissions people ask when Tony shops for a new high school to put him in.

    “Nonverbal,” he corrects. Who says mute anymore? Pete’s not an orphan living in a Charles Dickens novel. “He does communicate.” This is partially a lie - Peter really doesn’t communicate with many people - just himself, Happy, and Pepper. They’re working on getting Rhodey inside the group, but it’s slow going. Tony thinks the kid feels overwhelmed with just the social interactions of three people.

    “He signs?”

    “Kind of.”

    Peter has made his own signs, of course. Nothing from ASL, and not anything as extensive as a language either, but Peter naturally wrings his hands and makes different formations with his fingers that Tony has established some meaning to. When he points these out to Happy and Pepper, they look between him and Peter and nod. They don’t see it as well as Tony does, but then again - they just don’t spend as much time with him.

    They’re working on incorporating ASL. Obviously, Peter is more than capable of picking it up easily, but he guesses when the need doesn’t exist, it doesn’t matter.

    “He doesn’t sign because he doesn’t need to,” the language specialist says. “You know what he’s trying to communicate with what he already does, so why would he branch out into something else?”

    Stop coddling him is basically what they tell Tony. You’re not doing him any favors, they say. But damn - it continually amazes him what Peter does and doesn’t do, and he’s not about to dictate something as fundamental as talking to his kid, not when he wakes up from a dream where Howard Stark is mocking his newest project or sneering at him over a glass of Scotch.

    Tony gives up on getting the kid into any kind of traditional school and homeschools him instead. Yes, he, Tony Stark, is homeschooling someone. Willingly. Well, out of necessity. It’s not as if Tony thinks there is anyone better suited to do it, it’s more that Peter deserves to have a diploma from a nice school. He finds out there is an option for Peter to take something like a GED from a local public school so he can have that institute’s name on the diploma, so he arranges the test and waits patiently outside the room they put in him.

    The first try is disastrous. Tony isn’t allowed to go in with him, and Peter freaks out when the proctor gets too close for too long. Peter’s first defense is just that - he’ll curl in on himself in the smallest way possible, a pile of Peter so small that he fits neatly in Tony’s lap, but if he’s pushed he will lash out. The proctor runs out into the hall rubbing his forearm where Peter stabbed a pencil and Tony goes in to quiet the screams.

    Because he’s Tony Stark he can bribe his way into more tests, and Peter eventually graduates high school nearly the same age Tony did. This fact does little to impress anyone when they look at Peter though; all they can see is the rocking and the hand wringing.  

    On his worst days, Tony also thinks about Pete in terms of what if - what if he could go to MIT, just like Tony did? What if Peter could learn to drive his favorite car, even if he did put a ding in it? What if he could get the kid a matching suit just to embarrass him at a party, parading him about in front of everyone?

    But then Tony remembers his own father and every idea Howard ever had for him.

    On Peter’s good days, he will sit pressed up against Tony, as if any air in-between their bodies offends him suddenly. These times
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Tony Stark
Peter is on the spectrum - somewhere
Mute Peter Parker
Tony is Peter's Kid
biologically or not
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark adopts Peter Parker
choose your canon adventure
Autistic Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

