Chapter 1: Barbie
    




Chapter Text
The first sensation that came back to Tony was the feeling he was lying on something soft. His body was stiff, sore, and sluggish as he attempted to move. Carefully, he stretched out his hands. Damn did he have a killer headache! Had he been drinking? Surely not enough to be this hungover. Pep would tear him a new one!
Maybe if he just slept a little longer he'd—
"Is mama's little boy waking up?"
Tony froze at the condescending voice, eyes shooting open now fully awake! He squinted against the lighting as his vision adjusted and he found himself staring at a pair of white bars.
What the hell?

His mind raced to recall what events had transpired to lead him to…wherever here was!
"Where's mama?" the same voice cooed, "Where is she at, Anthony?"
In a series of jerky movements, Tony flipped over on his back and scooted to the edge of the barred walls, heart pounding! Something felt clumsy about his movements, but he had no time to dwell on that. Some crazed looking blond woman towered over him. Seriously—towered! God, she must be part giant! She looked like she'd jumped straight out of the 50's with her hair done up in an exact replica of Jackie Kennedy's. His eyes were assaulted by her bright, pink dress and obnoxious yellow apron overlay. Clearly, she missed the memo that Halloween had already passed and they were well into November.
Brown eyes taking in his surroundings, he quickly realized the woman wasn't the only thing stuck in the past. The entire room looked like something that should have been on Leave it to Beaver. The yellow and white striped wallpaper, the mahogany nightstand, the old-fashioned baby crib he was currently in—wait what?
"That's right, here's mommy!" 
Did this…did this nutty broad seriously think he would play along with this?
"Listen, lady, this isn't the kind of foreplay that gets my engine running."
Or that's what he had intended to say. He cut himself off after the first couple of words as they came out sounding muffled. Something with a hard, slick surface was shoved inside his mouth. Hands clawed at his face in an attempt to remove the foreign object only to conclude that it was strapped to his face.
Was it a pacifier? Ew! What the hell was this chick's problem! Did she have some sort of sick kink?
While his mouth was his first weapon of choice when he didn't have the suit, he could still use the rest of his body. Rushing to get to his feet, Tony found himself not as tall as he remembered.

Something really screwy was going on here. Why was he so short? Looking down, he saw his hand—at least what was supposed to be his hand. The one he was staring at was free of all scars, small, and pudgy.
"Aw, is baby confused?" She cooed, reaching forward to grab him.
Coming back to his senses, Tony ungracefully vaulted over the other side of the crib and landed flat on his butt.

As he shakily got to his feet, he spotted a door and wasted no time in heading straight for it. However, the sheer largeness of everything around him threw off his equilibrium and caused him to stumble. The ground rushed up to him, but before he could land on his face, hands roughly gripped him underneath his armpits and yanked him off the ground like he weighed nothing.
"Oh I knew you'd be my little trouble maker," she teased, placing him on her hip. He began thrashing wildly, but was easily subdued as she pinned his legs against her and crushed his wrists together with one hand. 
He screamed profanities that were garbled by the pacifier. She must have understood at least a few of them because she winced before glaring at him. That gave him a pinch of satisfaction.
"Stop this tantrum right now or you won't get to see your brother, Stevie!"
Stevie? Who was--
Tony gasped and ceased bucking. That's right! He remembered now! Cap had convinced him to go on one of his ungodly early morning jogs when they'd heard a scream down some alley! They'd rushed to see what was the matter when he'd felt a pinprick and then...nothing?
Well, scratch that, waking up in a crib was clearly not nothing. He and Cap had been kidnapped by some evil life-sized version of Barbie who thought they were…her kids or something? 
Where was Steve now? Had she done something to him as well? 
"That's right, calm down, baby," evil Barbie said and bounced him lightly which only further pissed Tony off, but he had put up with it. At least until he saw Steve again and then they could take down this nut job together.
Barbie began walking towards the door pausing in front of a mirror that hung over the dresser seeming to admire herself. The hand that was painfully holding Tony's wrists together let go as she moved to put the one loose strand of hair back into place.
But Tony wasn't paying attention to that. He was too busy staring at his own reflection. For in the mirror wasn't sexy, charming, genius Tony Stark, but instead a small, three-year-old boy with a messy mop of dark hair and a primary colored pacifier strapped
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Regression/De-Aging
forced age play
Non-Consensual Drug Use
non-consensual age play
Diapers
Pacifiers
Tony-centric
Kid Tony Stark
Kid Steve Rogers
tony is a sassy 3 year-old
Kidnapping
Wetting
bottles
Infantilism
cap is a protective 5 year old
pull-ups

fandom: 
None
