Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Eventually, Peter picks himself up off the ground and half-limps half-swings home. He’s got Venom’s jacket over his shoulders and, whoever this jacket actually belongs to, he must be a broad man because the jacket goes down past Peter’s thighs.Which is good, on account of his suit being fucking ripped open.Peter swings in through his dorm window. He’s got class in a few hours but might skip; it’s only Organic Chemistry and he’s a few chapters ahead there and doesn’t even need it for either of his degrees.That’s what he tells himself, anyway, when he collapses onto his narrow twin-bed in an exhausted heap. It’s times like this that he’s insanely grateful that he lives in a single. No roommate to tiptoe around, to explain why he’s wearing a totally ruined Spider-Man suit, creeping into his own window at 6 in the morning.Great walk of shame, Parker. Iconic.He falls asleep like that, on top of the covers, in the jacket over the suit. He sleeps hard, dreamless, and wakes up with a dry mouth and an aching body. Peter is tender all over, but especially sore between his legs. Getting up and out of the suit is a nightmare. Limping wide-stanced down the hall to the showers is torture. But the hot water over his complaining muscles is heaven. He lets his head hang forward while the water runs down his back and shoulders. All the sweat and dirt from yesterday rolls off him and down the drain.For the first time today, Peter can think clearly.“Oh my god,” he says, resting his forehead against the tile of the showers. “I can’t believe that actually happened.”Looks like Venom isn’t the only one who talks to themselves around here. Peter feels a little crazy, and when he gets out of the shower and catches a look at himself in the mirror…oh boy.His face is a wreck. Peter has always been pale, easy to blush, and a hectic flush rises in patches over his cheeks and forehead. Like a little boy who’s been playing out in the cold. The cut on his forehead has mostly healed—thank you, radioactive spider healing powers—but there’s a bruise blooming there that he hopes will be gone by tomorrow.But it’s his eyes that startle Peter the most. Glazed over and shiny, pupils blown wide despite the bright fluorescent lights. Paired with the blush, Peter looks feverish. Crazed, even.And all this from just one alley fuck.Maybe Ned is right. Maybe Peter is sexually starved, addicted to crime fighting, and he should download Tinder. And Grindr. And OkCupid, just to be safe. Because being this strung out from a single night in an alleyway is unacceptable.Peter wobbles back to his room, ducking his head just in case his RA is skulking around somewhere, and locks himself in his dorm.“Okay, Parker,” he says to himself, “Focus.”First order of business is the suit. His poor, poor suit. He hangs it up on a hanger against the door and snaps a picture for Mr. Stark. He texts along the message, Salvageable?, and waits for a reply.It comes nearly an hour later: What did you sit on? A chainsaw? And, a few minutes later, Next Friday.Peter groans. It’s not the only suit he has—Mr. Stark seems to make Spidey-suits like some people make lego models—but it’s definitely his favorite of the three. The Iron Spider suits are heavier, itchier, and seem like overkill.But, hell, maybe overkill is what Peter needs tonight. If he goes out tonight.A memory curls around him then, a thought so intrusive, he doesn’t even quite realize he’s thinking it. Venom, a sticky mass surrounding him and inside him. Venom, grinding him against the brick wall in the alley. Venom, pumping him full and bending him in half and…And nothing. Who is he kidding? Peter Parker is going out tonight.  --- 
  SEVERAL MONTHS AGO  
In all fairness, this is probably Peter's fault. He went looking for the mysterious black creature, and he sure as hell found it. Peter isn’t just moving as fast as he can, he’s swinging through the city at a pace he can’t possibly keep up with. Each time he shoots a web, he’s only half assured that it’ll anchor to a solid surface. Each time, he swings his body forward, he isn’t sure he’ll be able to shoot the next web in time to keep himself from going splat against a brick wall.He knows better than to look over his shoulder, but his terror gets the better of him. He looks and when he does, he’s not sure what he sees.The thing chasing him—Venom, but Peter didn’t know that at the time—it looks like Peter’s shadow gone wrong. And huge, so big that Peter has a hard time tracking how far away from him it is. Like an optical illusion, it constantly seems closer than it is. It’s a strange, amorphous being, too dark to fully see even in the streetlights. He only catches a glimpse of it before he has to snap his head around to avoid hitting a semi-truck.Venom isn’t so lucky; it crashes into the truck hard enough to topple the whole thing over. Peter rescues the driver from the crash—
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Semi-Public Sex
Teacher-Student Relationship
Tentacles
Rimming
Bondage
Dirty Talk
Begging
Humiliation
Monsters
Prostate Massage
Masturbation
Cannibalism

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

