Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Monday wraps up with a bullet and a bloody carpet that will need to be either dry cleaned about eight times or thrown out entirely. Erik eyes the destruction around his office dispassionately, noting the overturned chairs, the splintered desk, the smashed tumblers dripping liquor on the floor. His hand is bleeding, glass embedded in his palm. He’s gotten blood on his favorite tie. What a fucking mess.Azazel pops back into the office with a swirl of smoke. “Sir.”“Message delivered?”“Loud and clear.”“Good.” He hopes Azazel left the body impaled on the spikes of Guerrero’s front gates. That’s a warning that could hardly be mistaken and clearly the idiot needs it. Sending an assassin—the man’s getting impertinent.“How did he get a weapon in here?” Azazel asks, his brows drawing together. His tail lashes restlessly back and forth in agitation. If there’s one thing the Russian hates, it’s feeling that he’s failed his job, and that’s what Erik likes about him. That’s what Erik needs from him.“He didn’t,” Erik tells him, pointing to what used to be a full glass tumbler by the foot of the desk. “Pretended to drop his drink and picked up a glass shard when he was cleaning it up. It was a good ruse, too; I didn’t even see him palm the shiv until he was coming at me.”Azazel mutters an oath under his breath and glances at Erik’s hand. “Let me look at that.”Erik holds out his bleeding palm, making and discarding plans as Azazel picks at the glass lodged under his skin. He can’t let this challenge go unanswered. Guerrero has been a tolerable neighbor for years, but he’s been growing bolder lately, bold enough to be irritating. His territory hasn’t grown—Erik’s made sure of that—but word is his forces are considerably stronger now than they were when Erik first rose to power, when they’d agreed on a strict “you leave me alone and I’ll leave you alone” policy. There have been suspicious encroachments on Erik’s borders, not enough to provoke any sort of retaliation but enough to draw Erik’s attention. He’s testing the Brotherhood, testing Erik’s resolve.Erik hates being tested.“I need to call Charles,” he says, casting his eyes around the ruined office in search of his phone. “I want to see him.”“Is that a good idea?” Could be dangerous, is what his tone says. Someone just tried to kill you.Erik wonders if telepathy can rub off on you if you’ve been around a telepath long enough. Sometimes it seems like he can almost hear thoughts, clear as Charles’ voice in his head.“Guerrero wouldn’t send someone so soon after this one,” Erik replies. He wants to add that no one would dare strike at him so deep in his own territory but—well. Clearly that’s not the case.The audacity of this attack. It’d be infuriating if Erik allowed himself to be anything but detached about events like these. Emotions get in the way.“I’ll take extra security,” he continues, mostly to appease Azazel. “And we’ll stay close.”Azazel nods after a moment. “Then let me put a bandage on this first. Don’t want you bleeding on your little myshka, do we.”Erik barks a laugh. “I’ll tell Charles you called him that.”“Please,” Azazel says dryly, “I would rather not die.” * Charles arrives, as usual, with little fanfare. Erik feels him coming from three blocks away, the thin circlet around his wrist burning like a beacon in the rest of the comparatively dull world. Erik gave him the circlet a while ago, even before they had been lovers. He’d told Charles it was so Erik could pick him out of a crowd, and that had been partially true. The other part had been that Erik had liked the look of his metal on Charles, liked that Charles had something Erik had made on his person at all times. He knows every smooth inch of that silver band. He knows how it feels against the heat of Charles’ skin.The door to the café swings open, and Charles steps through, looking windswept and harried. He’s not wearing his cardigans today; instead he’s in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt that says “Mitosis – I hope I have your divided attention.” Erik raises an eyebrow at it as Charles slides into the other side of the booth, pulling his satchel over his head and laying it aside as he does.“Dressing down for class today?”“No, you caught me on my day off,” Charles says with a cheery smile. Oh good. He’s chirpy today. “What did you need? You were awfully cryptic on the phone.”“I wanted a little bit of time with you,” Erik answers, raising his hand to push the cup of tea he’d ordered across the table. As soon as he does, Charles’ eyes zero in on the white bandage around his hand, and he reaches out immediately to touch it. “What happened?”“Would you believe me if I said I slipped in the shower?”“Would you like to try a better lie?”Erik grins sharply and strokes his thumb along the back of Charles’ knuckles. “A man tried to kill me today.”There was a time Charles would have reacted in horror to that, but now, he only turns Erik’s palm over to examine the bandage and says, “They d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Injury Recovery
Alternate Universe - Mob
Calm Down Erik
Erik is not a Happy Bunny
Protective Erik

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

