Work Text:

Bucky was watching Tony’s back when it all went wrong.

 

It was just a routine battle with some incompetent magician, nothing too serious, until Tony got hit with a blast of purple magic.

 

The Iron Man suit fell to the ground from fifty stories up, completely motionless.

 

“TONY!” Bucky screamed as he watched his boyfriend plummet to the ground. “JARVIS, take control of the suit! Override 52202!”

 

The suit slowed, then stopped, hovering in midair. Without warning, it shot off back towards the Tower. 

 

“Winter, report!” Steve hollered into the coms. “What the hell just happened?” While the others had been watching Tony fall, the magician had disappeared.

 

“I don't know, Stevie,” Bucky said, trying fruitlessly to retreat into Winter Soldier mode to stave off the anxiety.

 

“We need to get back to the Tower, ASAP,” Clint said, no levity in his voice. Even he understood that something was potentially very wrong.

 

Bucky all but sprinted to the quinjet, where he started pacing back and forth.

 

“He’s going to be fine,” Natasha said, having snuck up behind him. She placed  careful hand on his shoulder. “He’s tough, you know that.”

 

“JARVIS had to override his suit, which means he was conscious but unresponsive, and now he’s gone!” Bucky wanted to scream. “What the fuck was in that blast?”

 

Bruce grimaced. “I might be able to answer that one,” he said. “A lot of the blasts went wide, right?” Without waiting for confirmation, he continued. “When they came into contact with living things, they, well, deaged them, I guess.”

 

“How young?” Steve said quietly.

 

Bruce winced. “The trees reverted back to seedlings,” he replied.

 

“So we potentially have an infant Tony at home?” Clint asked.

 

“We don’t know how much protection the suit offered, but he’s probably a child, yes,” Bruce looked vaguely green at the thought.

 

Bucky was silent. He wanted to scream, but held it in. He was also probably doing what Tony called his 

murder face, 

which would explain why all of the Avengers took an unconscious step backwards. 

 

Steve gulped. “How do we undo it?”

 

“I’ll call Strange, apparently he’s a magician now,” the scientist responded, already typing away at his tablet.

 

“We’re here,” Clint said blankly, landing the jet on the roof of the Tower.

 

Bucky was the first one out the door.

 

---

 

Tony was confused. 

 

When he was let out of the metal suit into what he assumed was someone’s living room, no one had come to get him. No one came to tie him up, or hit him, not like any of his other kidnappings. 

 

The metal suit had disappeared almost immediately, so he had no guard either, not that he could see.

 

Tony shook his head. Kidnappers were dumb. Being as that was, he still needed to escape. He snuck towards the kitchen, eyes peeled for movement. Seeing none, he grabbed to toaster off of the counter and ducked into a corner. 

 

Using his nails, Tony pried open the back of the toaster to get to the wiring he needed. He frowned, because the toaster was 

way 

more advanced than anything they had at home. Oh well, he’d build it when he got back. Maybe Howard would like it. Tony pulled at the wires and circuits, fashioning them into a bomb. Bombs out of appliances were the first thing Howard had him make after his first kidnapping, so that Tony could get out and he wouldn’t have to pay ransom again. 

 

Tony’s tongue poked out of his mouth as he inspected his work. He had made two bombs, a big one and a small one. Not bad, but he didn’t have time for anything better. He snuck towards the stairwell, completely ignoring the elevator. He had tried the elevator the kidnapping before last, and it didn’t end well for him, and Howard was so mad that he wasn’t willing to risk it again.

 

Tony wanted to cry when he saw that the only stairs were going up, and he knew he wasn't underground from the windows. 

Stark men don’t cry, 

he reminded himself as he climbed the stairs, holding his tiny bomb like a teddy bear.

 

He reached the roof just in time to see a silvery blue plane land on it. Tony ducked back behind the door as he saw a bunch of adults stream out. 

 

Tony figured he could probably fly the plane (he 

was 

six, after all. He was a big kid, and big kids could fly planes), or at least use it to call Jarvis to come and get him. First he had to get past the grown-ups, though. He took a deep breath, and ran out the door, right into the chest of one of them. 

 

“Hold this,” he said cheekily before sprinting away. He dodged a redhead and ducked under a blond, making it maybe twenty feet before his larger bomb went off. It wasn’t as big as he wanted, it would've been better if he had used the microwave.

 

The adults all looked at him in surprise. With their attention on him, Tony figured he wouldn’t have time to hack the plane doors to let him in. He pushed down his fear and stepped forward, a sneer twisting his little lips.

 

“Tony?” the large b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
deaging
Kid Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
polyglot Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Poor Bucky Barnes
pure angst
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Everyone hates magic
Not Canon Compliant
ignores CACW

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

