Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony tiredly rubbed his eyes before reaching out to grab his nearby mug, moving it to his lips to take a sip. His nose scrunched up in disgust as he swallowed the room temperature coffee. “How long has it been since I made this?” he muttered to himself, though his AI did not hesitate to answer him. “It has been just over two hours since you made that coffee, boss.”Two hours?  “Fri, what’s the time?” he asked as he squeezed the bridge of his nose.“It’s 4:38 in the morning. Would you like me to turn off the lights as you make your way to bed?” Friday suggested, the lights in Tony’s lab already beginning to dim.“Uh huh, nice try, Friday. You’ve been spending too much time talking to Pepper and Rhodey. Lights up.” The lights immediately returned to full brightness, causing Tony to squint a bit, and Friday made a slight huffing sound that Tony is positive she learned from Pepper. He rolled his eyes and turned back to his work, pen in his mouth as his eyes carefully scanned the formulas on the paper in front of him. He adjusted a few things here and there, stopping after each adjustment to chew on his pen a bit more. He continued to work until he was interrupted by Friday once more.“Boss, Captain Rogers is trying to access the lab.”With a groan, he set down his work before running a hand through his rather unruly hair. “Is there a problem? I thought Cap had the decency to sleep until at least 5:30 before his morning workout.” The agitation in his voice was unmistakable.“It’s nearly six o’clock. I believe he came down here because he’s worried about you.” Great. Just what he needed. Captain America to scold him for staying up past his bedtime. He stood up with a grunt and took a minute to stretch before heading to the entrance of his lab. “I’m going to bed.” He announced, the lights immediately turning off and the door opening to reveal a concerned looking Steve Rogers dressed in black workout apparel.“Tony, I saw the lights on in your lab when I was getting ready to head down to the gym. Have you been up all night?” Though Steve really didn’t need to ask as he could tell from the mussed hair, hunched shoulders, and dark circles that the other man had not properly slept in quite a while.“Just working on some stuff. Headed up to bed now.” He said as he brushed past the super soldier. Steve frowned a bit as Tony began to walk towards the elevator before calling out to him.“Hey, I was planning on making omelets for breakfast, so don’t sleep too late, all right?” Tony sighed and looked back at the man as he stepped onto the elevator. It was really hard to stay annoyed with Steve when he bribed Tony with the ambrosia that were his omelets. Tony knew it was one of many daily attempts by Steve to repair their friendship as quickly as possible, but he also knew there was nowhere else in the state of New York that he could get an omelet as good as the ones that Steve made, so he nodded and offered the Captain a tired smile.“I’ll try not to.” Tony said as the doors of the elevator closed. Once the elevator was moving, he leaned back against the wall, arms crossed over his chest, and sighed deeply. It had only been three months since the rogue Avengers were pardoned and had returned to the tower. In the two years that they were gone, Tony had secretly never stopped hoping they would be reunited one day. He had continued to develop new weapons and technology for his outlaw teammates during the entirety of their separation, constantly updating his creations so that he would always be ready for their return. Though he was angry, hurt, and still had panic attacks about the incident in Siberia, the Avengers had been a family to him, As a man who hardly even had that when his own family was alive, he found himself secretly longing for that once again. That desire of camaraderie which he so longed for, may or may not have been the reason that he worked so diligently for two years to develop clever and exciting gadgets for his former teammates. Even if they hadn’t missed him, he was sure that they missed the toys. After all, nobody else could provide them with the things he could give them, right?The elevator gave a soft ding as the doors opened and Tony stepped out onto his floor. He froze in surprise when he heard hushed voices; until he realized that the TV was on. He chuckled softly as he walked further into the living room and saw a certain curly-haired teenager passed out on the couch, a bag of Doritos under his arm. The genius picked up the remote and turned off the TV before leaning over to take the chip bag from under Peter’s arm and set it on the coffee table. Peter whined, and Tony rolled his eyes as he laughed softly, which caused Peter to sleepily crack open an eye to peek at the older man.“Mis’er Stark?” the teenager asked sleepily.“Yeah, it’s me kid. Come on, why don’t you go to your bed?” He suggested in a soft voice as he sat beside the boy and pushed a few curls out of Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Canon Compliant
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Slow Burn
Veeeery slow burn
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Domestic Fluff
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Eventual Romance
Slow Romance
Marvel Cinematic Universe - Freeform
mcu - Freeform
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Tony Stark-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark - Freeform
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hallucinations
Enemies to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

