Work Text:
Steve does not get drunk very often. It’s more of a once in like six months thing and he has low alcohol tolerance. Really, he spent most of his youth sick and skinny. Just because he became fit does not mean he is not a lightweight.“Dude, you’re such a lightweight.” Tony yells at him above the loud music of the club. Steve makes an aborted gesture towards the back door before racing out of it and puking into an alley.“Shit, Rogers.” Tony smirks, leaning against the door. Their night out did not go as planned (or exactly as planned, if you ask Tony) and Steve thanks God that he has an off tomorrow.“I’m gonna leave.” Steve says as soon as he can breathe normally again.“Yeah, okay, let me go get Happy.” Tony says.“No, I’ll get by.”“Don’t be a fucking idiot, I’m not gonna let you go by yourself when you’re this drunk at this late into the night. Stay here. Don’t move until I get Happy.”Tony will probably find the alley empty because Steve is already on his way home.*Steve isn’t that drunk anymore. Really. The fact that the key does not seem to be fitting the slot is clearly the key’s fault. Abandoning hope after the 13th try, Steve fishes out his phone and calls Sam.“Saaaaam, I’m stuck outside the apartment.” Steve whines as soon as Sam picks up.“Uh.” A soft female voice says. “Hi.”“Hi? Did I dial the wrong number? Because that sounds like something I would do right now.”The girl laughs. “Um, no. This is Stacy. Sam’s at my place for the night?”Stacy. Publicist Sam had a date with that night. Right.“Oh.”“I can wake him up for you.” she offers.“Whaaa, no. Um, I’ll use the fire escape. Thanks. Have fun.” Steve hangs up before contemplating whether saying ‘Have fun.’ was really necessary.He makes his way up the fire escape, only stumbling twice. He opened his window and fell in on a bundle of blankets. Huh. It’s actually comfortable.He’ll just stay here for a moment before getting up.*Steve feels something tapping against his forehead.“Hey. Buddy. Wake up.” Steve slowly opens his eyes only to come face to face with a frying pan. He shoots up, trying to sit upright and failing miserably and only becoming more tangled in the blankets. He looks up to find the man holding up the frying pan defensively, with a bemused expression on his face.“I’m… so- sorry.” Steve stammers, struggling to free himself from the fabric. His head was pounding and the constriction was not helping.  “Why are your bedsheets trying to eat me?!”“Probably because you broke into their master’s home. They can get protective.”“Ha. Funny.” Steve grumbles as he finally stands up straight, brushing himself off. He finally gets a good look at the guy, who was only wearing a vest and boxers. Steve looked away, blushing. Instead, he looked out the window.“So, um.” He says, looking down. “I’m in my building. Thank God. On my floor. What apartment is this?”“107.”Steve turns, face still burning. He holds out a hand, trying to act more dignified than he probably looks right now.“Steve Rogers. From apartment 108.”“Bucky Barnes. You okay, pal?” the man asks, shaking his hand. He has a firm grip and really, Steve just wants to run into his apartment before he explodes from embarrassment. He runs out the apartment as soon as the man lets go of his hand.“Nice meeting you!” the man- Bucky- calls out as Steve closes the door behind him. Steve bangs  his head against the door once before entering his own apartment. He heads straight for the shower and spends at least an hour cleaning away the stink of puke and alcohol. Then he makes himself coffee and toast and does not think about his meeting with Bucky Barnes.Instead he checks his phone. There are 7 missed calls from Tony and 3 from Sam. There was a message Sam and two from Tony.Tony 4:28 a.m.Don’t be dead in like ditch. Happy’s looking for you.Tony 5:00 a.m.Happy says he saw you enter your building. Don’t be dead in your apartment.Sam 8:09 a.m.Dude, you okay? I’ll be back after work.He sends back messages confirming he is indeed not dead and he’s alright for a not dead person. He falls asleep watching Shaun the Sheep.*He wakes up a few hours later, sneaks into the gym after making sure Bucky was definitely not in there and sneaks back into his apartment. He feels like he should do something to apologize to his neighbour but can’t really think of anything that says ‘I’m sorry for breaking into your house while I was drunk.’ He doesn’t really know who he can text. Tony would just laugh at him and Sam would say something like “Just be honest and sincere” and Steve feels like he needs to do more than that. Nat wouldn’t even dignify that with a response.“Hey, Broody McBrooderson. Credit card or cash?” Darcy snaps at him, breaking his train of thought.“Hey, how would you apologize to someone for doing something dumb?” he asks as he hands over the cash. Darcy just looks at him thoughtfully.“How dumb are we talking, Cap?” she asks.“Pretty dumb?”“A cake?” Darcy asks, waving at the displays of cake. “No, wait, yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Bucky/Clint friendship

freeform: 
AU
Fluff
bucky/clint friendship of epic proportions

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Bucky/Clint friendship

