Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony woke up in the middle of the night. He blinked at his dark surroundings, more surprised by the fact that he'd actually fallen asleep than by his unexpected awakening. His bleary eyes landed on the silhouette of a screwdriver clutched in his right hand and he hummed. Right. Suit. Repairs. Fucking space octopus.Tony stretched his sore muscles with a groan and raised a hand to rub out a crick in his neck. Man, what he wouldn't give for a cup of –
Woah.
He startled, eyes flicking down to his crotch. What the hell–There was nothing there. No stray machinery poking him, none of Dummy's misplaced fondling. Tony shook his head. Weird. He could've sworn he felt –Tony's hands slammed down on the table, a gasp punching out of his lungs. Fuck, what was– A hand definitely, felt like a hand on him, but–He gritted his teeth when a wave of pleasure rushed through him so fast it almost hurt. His hands scrabbled along the table top, trying to get a grip. Fuck, his dick was rock hard, how – Oh God.Tony couldn't suppress a strangled shout when he suddenly came in his pants, no warning whatsoever. He twitched through the aftershocks, trying to catch his breath and staring at his crotch in utter disbelief. What the fuck was that?With shaking hands Tony wrestled his pants down and looked at his now flaccid penis, breathing out a sigh of relief when everything looked normal, no alien goop or anything.“Sir?” Tony jumped at JARVIS' voice and tucked himself back into his pants. “Your heart rate seems to have spiked rather suddenly, are you alright?”“Fine,” he panted, running a shaky hand through his hair. His head was still reeling from his unexpected orgasm. Fuck, he hadn't come that fast since– ever, probably. “I'm–”He almost bit off his tongue when his whole body jolted at the sudden pressure on his sensitive dick. Tony hissed out a breath, his eyes widening when his cock twitched painfully in an attempt to get hard again, not even a full minute after –Tony whimpered when that phantom hand returned, brutally jacking his dick to the point of pain. He sucked in sharp breaths, pressing his hand over his crotch to somehow stop it, but there was nothing there, the sensation was all inside his head. Fuck, it hurt!“Sir?”Tony gripped his thigh so hard he could feel bruises forming, panting faster and faster as the hand sped up. He flailed his arms around spastically, trying to ward off an invisible attacker, but there was nothing there, nothing tangible –“JARVIS,” he groaned. “What's – Is there –““I can't detect any heat signatures other than you, Sir.” Tony could just make out the AI's distinct note of distress over his own strangled shout. Fuck, it hurt so much, how was that even –Tony choked on his next breath when the phantom grip tightened, tears welling up in his eyes. He tried to suck in more air, but his chest felt so tight that he couldn't – Fuck, he couldn't breathe –“JARVIS,” he garbled out, voice barely more than a choked whisper and –Sweet, sweet relief. Tony sucked in a huge breath when the hand suddenly paused before the pressure eased off entirely and his whole body slumped like a puppet getting its strings cut. His chest heaved like he'd been drowning, throat burning with every sharp inhale. Fuck. Tony reached down with shaking hands to pull his sweatpants away from his sweaty legs just enough to see his cock, angry red, but not chaffed or bruised like he'd feared. He heaved a sigh of relief as he let his head fall back against the floor. So someone was really fucking with his brain. No pun intended.His head snapped up when the door to the workshop suddenly slammed open. Tony grimaced, his hands dropping back to his sides.“Tony?” He recognized the footsteps even before Steve skidded around the workbench Tony had fallen under. Huh. When had that happened?“What's wrong?” Steve demanded rather than asked, checking him over with military efficiency. “Are you alright?”“Fine,” Tony ground out, still out of breath as he batted Steve's hands away. “What are you doing here?”“JARVIS told me you were suffocating,” Steve said, his brow furrowed. “It's four in the morning, what could you possibly –” He trailed off after a look at Tony's face.“What?” Tony grumbled, lifting a hand to his face as he struggled to sit up. “Something on my –“ His mouth snapped shut when he felt wetness on his cheeks. Shit.“Tony –““Well, as you can see I'm still alive,” he said brusquely, turning away from Steve as he wiped off the tears even though there was no point now. Steve had already seen them. Shit. “Don't know why JARVIS felt the need to alert you, without my permission by the way, don't think I'll let that slide, J. The City College is about to get very, very lucky.” Tony grimaced as he wiped his hands on his shirt. “But yeah, I'm decidedly not dying, so. Go back to sleep or whatever.”Now slightly more presentable Tony turned back towards Steve, a bored mask plastered over his face. Steve just kept staring right at h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Telepathic Bond
Telepathic Sex
Telepathy
Empath
Magic
Hand Jobs
Anal Sex
Denial of Feelings
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Rough Sex
Super Soldier Serum
No Refractory Period
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Idiots in Love
Falling In Love
Sexual Tension
Anal Fingering
Masturbation
Desperation
Aliens Made Them Do It
Marvel Norse Lore
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Porn
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Mutual Pining
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Ghost Handjobs
because that needs to be a tag

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

