Work Text:
The Rogue Avengers had been back in the US for a few days, happily settling back into the Compound. The welcome back had been quiet, which was unexpected- they had thought, once the world realised they were right, they'd be welcomed back with open arms. But the landing pad had been empty, bar a short blonde woman who stared them all down before running them through the new rules of the Compound.It wasn't exactly the same as they had left it. Tony had apparently been recruiting new Avengers in their absence to fill the gap, which Steve privately thought was a bit irresponsible. After all, he really should have consulted with everyone before making such a decision about people who might be inexperienced. But as it was, the facilities had to be shared out a bit more. Not all the time- most of the newer people tended to spend their free time at the Tower, but the training areas weren't as empty as Steve remembered them.It was quieter, though. FRIDAY had been replaced with JOCASTA, an AI that wasn't as complex as the last one yet. It often didn't understand their requests the first time around, and didn't predict their requests like FRIDAY of JARVIS used to. It sounded a lot more like a normal AI, though Steve didn't fail to notice how the voice suddenly gained emotion when the New Avengers were around. Honestly, programming it to discriminate was just petty.Not that they could go to Tony with their complaints. Pepper had shown up in their second day back, informing them of the restraining order she had filed against them for all SI buildings, including Stark Tower- why had he changed the name back, anyway?- and the guy never seemed to leave the place. Most of his meetings happened there, and those that didn't he arrived to in the suit, so they had no chance of intercepting him on the way. The only chance they found was an award ceremony they found he was invited to. The news station talked about the award he was meant to receive, the reporter looking far too excited outside the venue."In just a few hours," she grinned into the camera, "Dr Tony Stark will be right here in this building, receiving his long-awaited award with the nation watching. Stark Industries has already released a statement, expressing their gratitude to the public and excitement for Dr Stark, as have the New Avengers, who have told us they are to attend and will be watching the event from the front row. Spider-Man has already posted a now viral picture of the invitations addressed and delivered to the New Avengers."Steve frowned, looking over to Sam. "Did we get invites to that thing? I never saw any."Sam shook his head and Wanda scoffed. "Petty bastard probably wanted the spotlight all to himself. Can't even face us and apologise."The news anchor was talking to the reporter now, asking questions. "Christine, many members of the public have been concerned about the possibility that the pardoned ExVengers showing up. Does Dr Stark have any word about them?""ExVengers?" Clint fumed, drowning out the reporter's response, "Is that what they're calling us now? We fight against those stupid Accords and suddenly we're a joke! Stark's got them wrapped around his finger!""Guys, I can't hear what she's saying." Scott complained, but he was ignored."Tony's gone too far," Steve decided, turning the TV off, "He's had time to get over it, but this grudge is going to affect our work if the public doesn't respect us.""We need to confront him." Natasha said gravely, "Make him see sense. He can't treat us like this. At least in public he'll have to be civil.""Where was the venue?" Tony stood from his seat next to Stephen when his name was called out, ascending the steps to the stage under the explosion of applause. The host matched his smile as they shook hands, exchanging the award before he took to the podium, grinning at each of his teammates in turn as he waited for the noise to calm down. Peter was fishing his phone out of his pocket to record everything with Rhodey, and Tony felt a new rush of affection for both. Stephen and Carol were clapping politely, though Carol wasn't bothering to hide the massive grin on her face. Pepper was beside her, resplendent in the beautiful evening dress he had bought her, seemingly glowing in the dark seating area."Alright, alright, that's enough." He said with a grin when the cheering continued, and it died away quickly under quiet laughter. "I have a lot of people to thank, but I also have to make something clear. This award is not just a job well done, for me or anyone else. It's more than that. It's a reminder of the endless possibility that is human potential. We did not reach this point by snapping our fingers and hoping for the best; we did not reach this point by settling with what worked well enough. We got here through progress, through looking at what we had and deciding to make it better, by looking at our mistakes and working to make sure they never happen again. As for my own part in this, I have 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
New Avengers
Civil War Team Iron Man
Still salty about CACW
Tony Has a New Team
Exvengers
Very Tony Stark Friendly

fandom: 
None
