Chapter 1: Tinnitus
    




Chapter Text
  
Thick black ooze ran in rivulets between Eddie's shaking fingers and dripped horribly onto the pristine lab floor. Every muscle in his body was tensed and straining and a miserable whine was being pulled from him, nearly silent under the ricocheting waves of modulated shrieking projected by the room's massive speakers.

And as suddenly as the sound had started it stopped, leaving Eddie to fall forward onto all fours, panting into the puddle beneath him.

"Vee?" he whispered, his own voice distant and tinny behind the ringing in his ears.


 OH, EDDIE, OH IT HURTS EDDIE 


The puddle was pulsating feebly, black drops struggling to draw together. Eddie lowered himself to the floor, curling on his side to get closer to the other, lying on the cool tiles while the muscles in his limbs ticked and shuddered as they tried to recover from the overwhelming tension they'd been subjected to.

"I know, love, I know," he trailed a hand through the shivering goo, relieved when tendrils began to twine with his fingers but saddened and frightened by how slowly they moved to mate with his touch. "It hurts me too, Vee."


 CAN WE TRY TO BREAK THEM AGAIN? 


Eddie pulled his hand toward his chest, drawing the symbiote closer to the core of him, tucking it up against his heart where it belonged.

"I don't think I can stand."


 WE'LL HELP, EDDIE, WE'LL DO WHATEVER WE HAVE TO BUT PLEASE, NO MORE NOISE, NO MORE HURT. 


Eddie's face was already running with sweat and it was strange how much hotter the tears felt when they ran from his eyes. "We can try, love." Eddie forced himself to get on his knees, stopping to catch his breath before he started crawling toward the nearest speaker.

A loud click echoed through the room and Eddie froze, curling in on himself and slamming his hands against his ears, trying to do whatever he could to shield himself and his other from the next onslaught but instead of more painful wailing the speakers projected a voice.

"Stay where you are or I'll give you another five minutes."

Eddie Brock nodded brokenly and sat back on his heels.

He really fucking hated Carlton Drake.

 

***

 

If you had asked anyone who saw the video they would have said that nothing could have survived that shuttle explosion. It was enormous, it was a nightmare, it was an explosive bloom above the bay that flash-boiled enough of the Pacific to cause a sudden salty fog to envelope the city for hours.

Still, Eddie and Venom had survived; that should have been enough to tip them off.

Riot didn't make it out alive. At least Riot hadn't risen out of Drake's blistered skin to make a sneering appearance - nor had Drake's burns been healed, so perhaps the lead symbiote really had been boiled off in the explosion.

But Drake was rich and Drake was clever and he had always made a point of ensuring that he'd never be the one to suffer for his choices. The Life Foundation shuttle that crashed over Malaysia hadn't had escape pods, the shuttle that Carlton Drake had practiced piloting did.

And because he was an idiot Eddie hadn't questioned the sudden flurry of furtive emails from a Life Foundation doctor. He figured that with the CEO dead and the symbiote horrorshow in the lab exposed he was safe. So he and Venom had happily ridden across the bridge to meet up with a mysterious researcher who wanted to atone.

And now he was locked in a prison of glass and sound, on his knees and weeping while he lifted his eyes to meet the gaze of the slimy bastard who had ruined his life on three separate occasions.

Drake faced him through the glass, wearing an immaculate suit and a mask of wounds. For all that he was injured he stood easily and watched the sweating man in the cage dispassionately.

"Are you ready to cooperate?"

Eddie laced his fingers together behind his neck and glared at the ground, rocking slightly from the waist up. "We can't, Drake, Venom is a part of me. We're bonded, it'll kill us both to separate."

Drake thumbed a remote and sound flooded the lab again; for thirty seconds Eddie convulsed and Venom phased in and out of its host, flickering like a strobe light as the overpowering sonic assault rolled through them both. Drake pushed another button and once more Eddie and Venom were reduced to a shivering mess on the floor.

"Either it cooperates and goes into the containment vessel or I keep doing this until it melts out of your ears, Brock."

"Goddamnit, what good will a dead symbiote be to you?"

"It'll live long enough for me to study it further. It'll live long enough that I'll know more when we go back and collect samples from the comet. It can still show us enough that we can save the world."

Eddie growled and clutched a hand at his heart, cradling a shimmering mass of black.

"The world doesn't need saving from anything except your meglomaniacal plan to sell us out to a bunch of parasites." It was hard to talk, it was hard to make sense of anything. Drake's plan was t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Life Foundation Goons

freeform: 
Torture
Psychological Torture
Body Horror
NaNoWriMo2018
Whump
Eddie Brock Needs A Hug
walking disaster eddie brock
Eventual Happy Ending
my anticapitalist son eddie brock
Medical Experimentation
Medical Torture
Vivisection
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Tentacle Sex
Tentacles
Consentacles
Rough Oral Sex
Light Bondage
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drugged Sex
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Gang Rape
Amputation
Original Character Death(s)
Violent and Well-Deserved Revenge
Ding Dong the Dick is Dead
Character Death (NOT Eddie or Venom)
Hurt/Comfort
Healing
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Rimming
Cannibalism
But like just Venom eating people no additional cannibalism
Panic Attacks
Graphic Description

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Life Foundation Goons

