Chapter 1: The Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Flying back to Earth is a long, somber experience.
Peter is beyond exhausted but he can’t sleep. Mr Stark said that he should get the bed and no one argued with him, so now he’s lying down curled on his slightly-less-worse-off side, wide awake. Quill’s small vessel judders and stutters as their pilot seemingly cycles through the five stages of grief over and over, but even without the baseline rattle Peter’s body would be in too much pain to settle. The unsettling lack of background noises his sensitive ears are used to picking up doesn’t help either; there is a sense of vast nothing beyond their spaceship that makes him queasy.
Drax is sitting next to Quill in the copilot’s seat, in contemplative and supportive silence. Mantis sequestered herself in one of the higher struts of the cargo hold in an attempt to get as far from everyone else’s emotions as she can. Nebula isn’t with them—after she killed her father she only ever said two words: “For Gamora.” Then she got on her own ship and left, refusing to answer Quill’s demands for explanation; refusing even to look back.
Mr Stark was appointed the unofficial custodian of the Gauntlet, and him and Dr Strange are huddled across the hull from Peter, within his line of sight. They are arguing in low voices—but not low enough.
“…to destroy it.”
“Of course to destroy it. But it’s going to take more than a bit of tinkering to figure out how to do that safely.”
“But you think you’ll be able to do it?”
“I think I can phone a friend, yes.” Mr Stark sighs. His armor looks surprisingly intact given all they’ve been through, but his hair is matted and windswept. The set of his shoulders is weary with the weight of the world. His gaze wanders from the Gauntlet in his lap to the floor and up to—
Peter closes his eyes.
“…Parker.”
Peter tries to keep up the pretense, letting his mouth slacken slightly and not reacting otherwise.
“Parker.” He hears Mr Stark sigh again. “Prometheus was a worthy prequel.”
Peter’s eyes fly open. “No way,” he whispers. It makes Mr Stark smile with his eyes, if not his mouth, but that exhausted expression is totally worth the indignation Peter injected into his tone.
Strange snorts. “Did no one ever teach you it’s rude to eavesdrop?” he says to Peter.
“I can’t sleep. It’s not my fault you’re talking about important world-ending stuff.”
Mr Stark gets up, carefully depositing the Gauntlet on the bench he was sitting on. It looks like a corny toy on its own; the shine of its four kitschy stones dulled while not in use. It still makes Peter shiver in cold, instinctive terror just remembering.
“Hey.” Mr Stark walks over to him and crouches down so they are as close to eye-level as possible. His metallic joints don’t creak even after all the fighting he did; the nanobots are holding together. “How are you feeling? You okay?”
Peter nods, leaning up on one elbow and trying to square his shoulders, to look less like a powerless kid. “I’m fine. Regenerating already.”
Mr Stark leans over him to look at his right side. Peter took off the Iron Spider armor an hour into the flight and he’s in his regular flexi-cloth Spider-Man outfit now, which unfortunately withstood the wear and tear a little less comprehensively than the nanobots did. There are several gashes in the fabric along his side that reveal how much bruising and swelling is going on underneath.
For a few moments, they are all quiet again, and Mr Stark stares blankly at Peter’s injuries in a way that makes Peter inexplicably guilty for having gotten hit. He can tell Mr Stark isn’t upset about the rips in the million-dollar suit under his billion-dollar armor.
“I told you, it knew that I wanted to stay and help. I wanted to. I was joking, about it being your fault.” Peter deliberately shrugs through the pain, and feels proud of himself for not wincing. “It was my decision.”
Mr Stark gives a small nod, but his eyes disagree.
“I’m not… actually your ward, dude.” Too casual. “Sir.” Too formal. “Mr Stark.”
That makes Stark chuckle unexpectedly, and Peter feels like he won something.
“We could ask Mantis to take some of the pain away,” Mr Stark suggests, but Peter immediately shakes his head.
“I’m okay. Bet you it’ll heal before we make it to Earth.”
“If it doesn’t, bet you I’m covering your medical expenses.”
“Bet you I’m not letting a doctor see me and figuring out I have superpowers.”
“Bet you both forgot I was sitting right here.”
They both look at Dr Strange, who seems unamused with their bit of banter.
“Oh. Right,” Peter says. Mr Stark huffs, as though incredulous at his own lapse in memory.
Dr Strange stands up and walks over to them, pausing pointedly next to Stark until he moves aside and lets him near Peter.
“Do I need his permission or something?” he asks Peter, crouching down and rolling up his sleeves. His cape rustles despite the lack of a breeze and nudges Mr Stark back a step so he’s not hovering as close.
“No,” Peter mutters. They never got aro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Power Imbalance
Age Difference
Peter is 18
Found Family
Slow Burn
Explicit Sexual Content
author has already arranged a ride to church trust me

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

