Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The halls were full of people, and they were all trying to talk to Tony. Rhodey was gone; Tony - or rather, Iron Man, since he couldn't remove the armor - had ridden in the ambulance along with him, but no sooner had they arrived at the airport than Rhodey was whisked away into the operating room. Hospital security had stopped Tony from following and instead ushered him into a small, empty room to wait.He didn't know how long he'd been there for. But it was long enough that the blood, sweat and tears had dried on his skin. He couldn't stop shaking, and he was pathetically glad that his identity was secret – no one needed to see Tony Stark having a breakdown. That shit would be all over the media faster than he could contain it. Everyone knew that Iron Man guarded his identity zealously, which meant that none of the nurses tried to make him come out of the armor. He wasn’t sure he had the energy to deny them at the moment.No one was telling him about Rhodey, not that Tony could pull himself together long enough to really ask. They asked him questions when he first arrived, trying to find out details about what happened, but shortly left him alone. It was just as well: his brain could barely process English at the moment, much less trying to speak German, and FRIDAY's attempts to translate just made him want to cry.He closed his eyes, seeing Rhodey's fall for the hundredth time. In those few moments, it seemed to take Rhodey forever to hit the ground. Yet, Tony hadn't been able to reach him. He kept replaying the instant Rhodey hit the ground. The crater he’d made because he’d hit with such force. Landing beside him and prying off the helmet, only to see that Rhodey was unconscious."Iron Man?"Tony startled at the familiar voice, jerking upright. "C-Coulson?" he whispered, shocked. "What are you doing here?"Phil Coulson looked as exhausted as Tony felt, but he still managed to smile as he pressed a tiny white button against the door. It may have looked relatively innocuous, but Tony knew exactly what that button did: it would short out any monitoring devices while simultaneously creating a soundproof barrier to prevent anyone from eavesdropping. It was one of Tony's own creations."Vision contacted me and told me what happened. He knew you would need me," Coulson said simply. “I borrowed the Starkjet and got here as fast as I could.""You shouldn't - what if someone saw you?" Tony said blankly. Coulson had been avoiding the public eye for years now, maintaining that it was safer to let people think he was dead. It meant he could more easily move around behind the scenes of SHIELD.Coulson smiled. "I used a holographic mask on my way here and only took it off when I came in in the room." He moved closer, hands cupping the Iron Man helmet. "Come on out, baby boy."The tenuous hold that Tony had maintained on his sanity finally cracked. He didn't know if he gave the order, or if Coulson did, or maybe FRIDAY decided all on her own that it was time he emerge from the armor. All Tony knew was that the armor opened and Coulson gently pulled him out of it and into a hug. Tony collapsed into it, pressing his hands over his face and breaking down into tears."R-Rhodey..." Tony sobbed."Shh, I know," Coulson murmured, rocking him back and forth. "I know. FRIDAY sent me the footage. I'm so sorry, sweetheart." He couldn’t even say that Rhodey would be okay. Both of them knew that might end up being false. The armor was good protection, but that only went so far. Tony just cried until he couldn't cry anymore. He was too exhausted. His brain was overloaded and all he wanted to do was curl in Coulson's arms and hide away from the world. But he couldn't. There was more at stake than just himself. Rogers and Barnes needed to be stopped, or at the very least needed to be brought to heel. Tony was still the best person to do that in spite of everything. Too many people had been hurt because Rogers was trying to play hero and protect Barnes. Rhodey was just one of many. He couldn't let there be more if he could do something to stop it."I-I h-have... have to -""You're not doing anything but coming back to the hotel with me," Coulson said firmly. "That's not negotiable right now.""But -""You can catch up to them tomorow. Right now, you're injured and tired and way too close to your headspace to help anyone."Tony opened his mouth to continue protesting and then gave up. What was the point? The stern look on Coulson’s face told him that this was a fight he wasn’t going to win right now. And frankly, he didn't really want to go. His daddy's arms were warm and safe, and, now that the adrenaline was wearing off, his whole body was starting to ache – especially his left arm.“Okay,” Tony said softly. “But I should – Rhodey, I should –”“You can’t help him right now. He’s going to be in surgery for several more hours, and even once that’s done they’re not sure if he’ll be permitted visitors right away,” Coulson murmured.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
ignores infinity war
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Age Play
little Tony
Baby Tony
Daddy Phil Coulson - Freeform
Phil Coulson lives
Protective Phil Coulson
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
takes place during civil war
starting after the airport and leading up to and including siberia
Tony Stark Has Secrets
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
No One Knows Tony Stark Is Iron Man
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
phil coulson is the best daddy ever
thumb sucking
Diapers
bottles
Crying
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

