Work Text:

Steve’s last pencil was down to a nub not much longer than his thumb, but he meant to put it to good use. The sketchbook on his knee was brittle and coffee stained, but that too was his last one. Over on the bed Bucky and young, plump Brigette were rolling in threadbare, sun bleached sheets growling and nipping at each other playfully.
Of the girls they’d shared, Brigette was his favourite, lush and pink with coffee-dark hair she was quick to smile and had curves that left both him and Bucky wishing for an extra pair of hands.
“You will come to bed, no?”

Steve just smiled down at his sketch, tracing the curve of Bucky’s out-turned knee. Brigette’s near-perfect use of English was one of her many draws, she had proven an excellent French tutor for both of them. Though questions were still being raised as to why Bucky could wax poetic about a woman’s breasts in French for hours, but struggled to ask which way a convoy had gone.

A pillow smacked into his front, sending the remnants of his pencil rolling under the bed. With a lazy smile, Steve set his sketchbook aside and turned his attention to the bed, where Bucky was losing himself in a tangle of sheets and woman. “He’s probably too tired from the scouting mission to be of any use to us, Honey. Ain’t that right kid?”

“On va voir,” Steve drawled, winning him a proud smile from Brigette, who opened her arms for her student and beckoned him onto the bed.
 ~*~ Darcy Lewis was that shitty sort of four-drinks-drunk that wasn’t really drunk at all, but just socially lubricated enough to make some bad calls.…and Mr ‘Just Call Me James’ was shaping up to be one of the worst calls she’s ever made. Darcy was a little worried she was being easy and wondered if perhaps there was a reason for that. Her thing with Ian had wound up pretty quickly. Tuned out that apocalyptic situations did not make for solid foundations when it came to relationships. Ian had declared Darcy to be ‘too much’ for him. Though he never did say what she was ‘too much’ of.Sure, she was a little bitter about making the trek all the way over to the Stark precinct for dinner with Jane, only to be stood up 30 minutes after their agreed meeting time. She’d been determined not to waste the trip and resolutely sat herself down at a quiet wine bar to choke down a few glasses of their house red. Of course she would have stood out. A woman drinking alone, comfortable in a denim skirt and oversized knit sweater (far removed from the work attire of SI’s horde) and scowling into her wine. She must have painted up on James’s radar as easy pickings. … and all he had to do was walk in with his artfully dishevelled self, unwashed hair just the right side of ‘drug addict’ and that face. So what if he wore that one leather glove? Darcy had spent six months defending the sartorial leanings of a boyfriend who’d sworn that cravats were going through a revival. Even with all that and a gut full of wine she’d been determined to turn down his thickly spoken advances. It wasn’t that James had seemed wrong per se, just a little off. There was an unsettling familiarity about him, as if she were meant to know him from somewhere (even though she’d bet her entire NIN back catalogue that they’d never shared air before). Then there was the way that he’d narrow his eyes as if searching an internal database for words before speaking and even then the words, the syntax, were just… off. It would have been so easy to shrug off the general advances of just some normal guy, but this one wasn't normal and he’d shown an attentiveness - no, focus - that left Darcy feeling giddy. Other more attractive women loitered on the sidelines, their thin laughs trying to draw his dark, hooded eyes but he didn’t budge. There was something almost old-fashioned in the way that he settled on her, body angled to her as he nursed - but didn’t drink - his imported beer. It was almost a novelty to be sitting with a guy who wasn’t scanning the crowd for a better option.When he’d offered her a few beers at his place she nearly applauded that he had managed to smooth himself out enough to work up to it and, yeah, of course she was going home with him. She was a big girl, she had her prettiest panties on and he had eyes like Valentino.It wasn’t like anyone else was ever going to know. ~*~ When Bucky had gone out and promised to ‘bring something back’ for him Steve had been hoping for a cheeseburger. With Bucky things were never that simple.Steve quickly forgot about the cheeseburger when he heard those first few feminine gasps coming from the living room. It was unsettling to think that Bucky had picked up a woman, he wasn’t fully acclimatised to the world they’d both woken up to. Had Bucky found himself an escort? Worse, had he found himself a perfectly normal girl who wasn’t ready for the assortment of fractures that Bucky’s psyche had to offer?Steve threw back his comforter and dragged on the sweatpants he’d left hanging over the foot of his bed. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Prostitution
Sex for Money
OT3
Threesome - F/M/M
Oral Sex
Voyeur!Steve
Bucky is a bit of a dick
Darcy Lewis is surprisingly okay with being paid for sex
Frottage
OFC Flashback

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

