Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony Stark. Billionaire, playboy, genius, philanthropist, alcoholic, the ‘merchant of death’,

Father. 

One of those things is not like the others. 

Tony Stark, emotional wreck and a self destructive individual, was a father. 

Granted, he didn't know he was one until a few hours ago. He was passed out on his sofa, his alcohol induced high reducing as his body was slowly pulling him into sleep, before his phone started blaring. He groaned, reaching into his pocket and turned it off without looking who the number was from. Almost immediately, it started to ring again. With a frustrated huff, Tony grabbed the device to switch it off, but frowned when he saw the number. 


It was from the police.

He hadn't done anything that warranted him getting thrown in jail (again), he had no family, his parents being long dead (and he celebrated enough to know that was real) so it wasn't any personal emergency. His only closest friends, Rhodey and Pepper, weren't even in the states so why would his local police station be calling him?

Maybe they got the wrong number.

“Hello?” he rasped out, picking up the call.

“Tony Stark?” a man's voice replied.

So much for that theory.

“Yes, this is he.” Tony said, sitting upright. He rubbed a hand over his face, trying to rile himself up for this conversation.

“Good Evening Mister Stark, my name is Officer Coulson.” the man informed, “I’m calling you with some important information. Are you familiar with a woman named Mary Parker?”

Tony’s breath hitched. Mary. God he hadn't thought about her in a long, long time. Granted, the things he associated with their time together were never good things. If his life was shitty now, six years ago, things were way worse. Mary was an employer of his and on day one of her job, he managed to seduce and sleep with her. Unfortunately, his attraction for her slowly diminished once he got to know her. It was a dark period in his life, one filled with cigarettes and cocaine. Mary was an addict through and through and she had an obsession with making him one as well. To an extent, she succeed, try as he might, he couldn't give up the alcohol, but the other drugs and such were never really his thing. Yet, he was smitten with her, and more than once, he found himself passed out with her next to him, cocaine under his nose and a smile on his face. Their relationship lasted only for a month, with Tony having to fire her when she tried to attack Pepper. Potts, lovely, sweet Pepper Potts, was the one who convinced him to drop the drugs. Even if he wasn't one for doing it, he sure as hell enjoyed it and once Pepper sat him down and made him realize how fucked up things were, how he’s doing things he doesn't want to do. When she managed to bat her eyelashes and fix him with a 'you continue this and ill shove your own foot up your ass' glare, he complied. 

Needless to say, it worked, he cut Mary out of his life and managed to quit the drugs. It was tough, even if he wasn't addicted per say. He had a few relapses, of course. There were times he called Mary, times where he got his hands on drugs again, but in every instance, Pepper or Rhodey were by his side, pulling him through it.

“Yes.” He replied, “I knew her.”

“She’s dead.”

Tony’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, “Wow. What happened?”

“She jumped out the window of her apartment. Fell down seven stories.”

“Fuck.” Tony whispered, wide awake now.

“Initial assessment pointed at suicide, but we ran some tests, and turns out she was incredibly hopped on some drugs which probably was a factor of her death.”

“Right…So why are you calling me?”

“I’m sorry?” Coulson replied, sounding genuinely confused, which just confused Tony in turn.

“Why’re you calling me? Sure, Mary and I had a relationship but i haven't seen or heard from her in six years. Is it new police protocol to inform every single being involved in a dead person's life?”

Coulson paused for a second before responding, “...We called because of her son.”


Son? 


The officer continued, “Peter Parker. Five and a half, almost six years old. We found him in the apartment. Luckily, he was in his room and didn't see anything, but he’s still pretty shaken.”

Damn. Poor kid. Then again, if Mary was as shit faced as she was before, Tony doubted she made a terrific enough mother to be missed. 

“So? Why are you calling me?”

“We found Mary’s will, in it, she specified that she wanted you to take care of Peter for a month after which-”

“Woah, woah, woah, woah, hold up.” Tony interrupted, “Take care of him, 

what?

 You’re shitting me right? Where’s the kids father, shouldn't he be the one responsible?”

 A pause, “You are his father, Mr. Stark.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Kid Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
tony becomes a good dad
just give it time
genius starks
Tony is a scientist/engineer

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

