Work Text:

Bucky whistled to himself as he strolled down the hallway to his apartment. He kept his hands in his jean pockets and a suggestive smirk on his lips.

 He knew what he exactly what was waiting for him, and he could barely resist sprinting in his eagerness.

 He reached his apartment door and fished out his keys, opening it quickly and shutting it behind himself just as fast; it wouldn’t be good for anyone to get a peek into the behaviors in 34C for one thing, but even more of a risk was the noises that could have escaped.

 Bucky, however, was free to let it wash over him.

 Barks and whines and the sounds of skin slapping against skin and something else.

 The sounds of sex. The smell of it as well. Absolutely enveloping the place.

 And coming from his boyfriend, Bucky knew. Not that he was at all jealous.

 Tony was kneeling on all fours on the living room floor. Mounted on top of his was their Golden Retriever. Buried inside of him, and fucking him eagerly, was the dog’s cock.

 There was simply no better sight to come home to than that, Bucky thought.

 Bucky walked closer, finally drawing the attention of his boyfriend.

 Tony stared up at him with a look of absolutely adoring devotion written blatantly on his face. Like this, for Tony, there was no sense of hesitation or thoughtfulness or shame; he had no reason to hide with Bucky because everything he was and would ever be had already been laid bare.

 Pants and gasps escaped his wide-open mouth. Tears trickled down from watery eyes. His cheeks were ruddy and flushed from exertion and sensation.

 He was utterly beautiful.

 Bucky smirked and then cooed, one hand reaching down to smooth through sweaty and matted hair, scratching behind ears as if Tony really was just an animal. “Who’s my perfect boy?” he asked. “Have you been a good boy for me, baby? Have you been a good boy for your studs?”

 Tony whined high in the back of his throat. Judging by the way Steve’s thrusts had begun to slow, had begun to deepen, he was knotting. Tony’s mewling just confirmed it.

 Bucky chuckled and settled down onto his knees next to Tony, one hand pushing between he fuzzy stomach of his dog and the sweat-sticky back of his boyfriend to feel at the place where they were connected.

 “So good for us, sweetheart,” Bucky murmured, circling the stretched rim delicately with the pad of his finger. “So good for all of your studs. So good for me.”

 And Tony was. He was absolutely perfect.

 Steve - technically Steve the Third, the grandchild of Bucky’s beloved childhood Golden Retriever - was a cross between the purebred species and a mutt. Tony had known Steve the Second (Stevette, really) and Tony had been there when Bucky had chosen the dog he wanted her to have puppies with; a large, bulky mutt that was a little ugly but otherwise impressive, and blonde enough to preserve the golden locks of his mate.

 Tony had blushed through the entire process but it took another two years for Bucky to find out why.

 Steve had been the only puppy from the litter Bucky had chosen to keep; though he retained the size and muscle of his sire, his looks and sweet temperament had been passed down elegantly from his mother. Or perhaps not so elegantly, with the way Steve’s habits of jumping up on people and slobbering on everything had never been fully trained out of the otherwise well-behaved animal.

 Thor was the largest of Bucky’s dogs by far - bred for size, he was an enormous cross between a Newfoundland, a Mastiff, and a Saint Bernard. He was mostly blonde, albeit paler than Steve’s gold coat, but with jagged strips of grey that had earned him his name. When Bucky had adopted the pet he’d barely reached Tony’s knee over a foot more that first year. Now, at four years old, Thor’s head rested above Tony’s hips when they stood side-by-side.

 Finally, the newest addition to their family as of two years ago, was T’Challa, a pure black Great Dane. He was their only purebred. He was already an adult when they had adopted him and while Bucky had protested at first, saying that younger dogs were easier to train and they needed their dogs to be trained very specifically, it had been a lost cause; Tony had fallen in love the second he laid eyes on him. And in the end, Bucky was always powerless to Tony’s wishes.

 Currently, T’Challa was perched regally on the couch, a particularly satisfied look on his face as he surveyed the scene before him like a monarch overseeing his conquered lands with satisfaction.

 Bucky rolled his eyes at the dog fondly and turned his attention back to Tony.

 His boyfriend’s eyes had fallen shut and his mouth had somehow opened wider. Bucky could feel the hot puffs of breath against his skin and the way Tony was being rocked back and forth by the thrusts of the animal lodged inside of him. Steve was speeding up - brutally so, as he always did before knotting.

 Steve might have been the smallest of the three dogs, but he had been trained for this for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
mentioned
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Steve is a dog
T'Challa is a Dog
Thor is a Dog
Bottom Tony
Knotting
Bestiality
knot fucking
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Pet Names
Name-Calling
Anal Fingering
mentions of mpreg but no actual mpreg just dirty talk
Cock Cages
Safe Sane and Consensual
Established Relationship
Bucky and Tony are still human
Dogs
kissing animals
Crying
little bit of
Objectification
Butt Plugs
Come Inflation
Anal Gaping

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
mentioned
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

