Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text




You Are Responsible For What You Tame


 


PART THREE


The Blooming


 

 

 


 “People have forgotten this truth. But you mustn’t forget it. You are responsible forever for what you have tamed.”

Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince
 
 
“What were we to each other Steve?”
 
Bucky’s voice was quiet as it carried over the air of Steve’s still unfinished art studio, to where Steve was kneeling, sanding over the distortions on the floor where the wall had once been. Soft yet focused, with a hint of something Steve could not quite identify. Curious, yes. Intense, absolutely, in the way almost all of Bucky’s words were. But there was something else there. Something new that had Steve glancing up from his work to stare at him.
 
Bucky was looking back at him, but there were none of the usual tells to give Steve any indication of what he was feeling. His head wasn’t tilted to the side, and he hadn’t lowered his face to hide behind his hair. He was just kneeling there on the opposite side of the room, staring at Steve calmly, a scouring pad in his hands.
 
“Jesus Christ, Bucky,” Steve laughed, going back to sanding the floor. “We’ve been living together for months, and working on the house even longer than that. Are you just now getting around to telling me that you don’t know who I am?”
 
“No, I know who you are, Stevie,” Bucky said in that same voice, his gaze never wavering. Steve could still feel it, like he always could whenever Bucky’s eyes were on him, and it had once more returned to being the protective comfort it had always been. “We’ve been closer than brothers, best friends, for all of our lives…But, were we ever more than that?”
 
Steve froze. Because the answer to that question, those seven simple words, was a maelstrom of hurt and want and need and burning desperate love. Secrets that Steve alone had carried deep and hidden in his heart for over eighty years.
 
“What?” he asked, wishing he had his shield to hide behind. He could deflect anything with it, and there was nothing he wanted to do less than answer the question Bucky had just asked him. “What are you talking about, Buck?”
 
But Bucky had always been able to see through every shield Steve had tried to use, whether vibranium or words, because he just knew Steve that well, and had made it his life’s goal, no matter what century they were living in, to keep Steve safe.
 
Except, it seemed, this time.
 
“Were we ever anything more to each other, Steve?” he asked again in the same tone as before. Steve’s throat was suddenly as dry as a desert, and he could feel a slow heat rising from his stomach to his neck and up into his cheeks. And of course, Bucky noticed; he had never needed any super serum with its enhancement to his senses, sniper’s focus or training from HYDRA to be able to perceive even the subtlest of shifts in Steve’s body. He tilted his head slightly to the side, with a barely perceptible narrowing of his eyes and kept all of his attention on Steve.
 
“Uh…” was all Steve could stammer. Bucky continued to stare at him, searching, searching, searching for something, until he must have found the answer he was looking for.
 
“Ah,” he said with a slight nod, before he lowered his head and went back to working on the floor.
 
Steve had to swallow three times before he could speak. “Ah?” he asked, never pulling his gaze from Bucky as he resumed sanding the uneven bits of his section of the floor.
 
“Ah,” Bucky repeated with another nod, before he lifted his head and once more turned to Steve. “Unless there’s something that you think I should know Stevie?”
 
Steve found himself staring at Bucky’s face, his beautiful, beloved face, that Steve knew better than his own, and into Bucky’s eyes, a pale blue that was as bright as the summer sky and as vast any ocean, and realized that, once again, he did not have any words. What could he say to the one person he had always loved more than anything or anyone else in his life? Who would have gone to his grave not knowing how Steve’s heart beat, how it had always beat simply because of his presence in Steve’s life, if not for some cruel twist of fate and an evil man’s desire to create a super soldier of his own. A man with his own demons, demons that had brought both of them nothing but pain for the past two years, yet who was here now and had promised to never, ever leave Steve again. A man whom he knew would keep his word to Steve until his dying breath and probably beyond, who was staring at him from across the room and asking Steve the one question he did not want to answer.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Recovery
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
BAMF Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Rape Aftermath
Roommates
Mutual Pining
Slow Burn
Idiots in Love
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Flashbacks
Home Improvement
Memory Loss
Food as a Metaphor for Love
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Explicit Sexual Content
Hair Brushing
Puerto Rican Food
Fluff and Crack
Mutual Healing
so much love
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes After Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Let's Just Pretend Everything After The Winter Soldier Didn't Happen
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Kittens
Explicit Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

