Chapter 1: Lost and Corn-fused
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Getting Midtown School of Science and Technology to approve the decathlon team for a field trip to a pumpkin farm had been a bit of a stretch. It should really be more of an elementary school activity, but their teacher had argued something about team building experiences and first-hand knowledge of agriculture giving the school a potential advantage at the upcoming tournament.(Everyone knew Mr. Harrington just really loved those apple cider donuts.)“Gotta say, dude, not super impressed with the whole spidey sense thing,” Ned says as they trudge through the muddy corn maze.“Who ever said anything about spiders having a good sense of direction?” Peter shoots back.“Have you never seen the second Harry Potter movie? It’s literally ‘follow the spiders.'”Peter scoffs. “Yeah because movies about wizards in boarding school are totally realistic.” He presses his fingers between his eyes where a headache has been building ever since they arrived at the farm. It’s nothing major—just irritating—but it’s making his brain feel fuzzy, which is likely a contributing factor to why they’ve been weaving their way through this stupid maze for the past hour.They turn around another corner and are met with a dead-end and a yellow sign stating ‘You look Corn-fused!’. Both boys let out an annoyed groan as they turn around to backtrack once again.“Maybe you can do one of your leaps and look over the stalks,” Ned suggests, gazing up at the top of the corn surrounding them. “Figure out which way is out.”Peter gives a half-laugh. “Okay, one, that’s cheating. And two, Mr. Stark says I gotta stop doing acrobatics when I think no one is looking.”“Yeah, he’s probably right,” Ned agrees. “Pretty sure MJ is onto you.”Peter scoffs. “Nah, I don’t think so.”A few minutes later, Peter’s stomach growls audibly, reminding him that they’re currently missing lunch. “God, I would kill for one of those donuts right now...” he mutters.Ned snorts. “Too bad you don’t have laser vision or something—we could roast the corn.” He gasps suddenly. “Wait, you don’t have laser vision, do you?!”“No, Ned,” Peter groans.His friend shrugs. “Worth a shot. But I guess even if you did, we wouldn’t have butter anyway.”“Oh wait I just remembered!” Peter stops walking right in the middle of the path and takes off his backpack, balancing it on the top of his shoes so as not to get the bottom dirty. He starts to rifle through the contents.“Oh my god.” Ned’s eyes go wide. “You brought  butter?”Peter groans and whacks him with one of his physics folders. “No but we have apples,” he says, pulling three small Braeburns out of a paper bag.The group had started out the field trip that day by picking apples in the farm’s orchard. Flash had quickly turned it into a game of seeing how many rotten apples he could discretely chuck at Peter’s head before Mr. Harrington noticed. The answer turned out to be eleven.Peter holds one out to his friend. “Want one?”“No thanks.” Ned wrinkles his nose. “I’m more of a Granny Smith kinda guy.”Peter shrugs. He puts two of the apples in the pocket of his hoodie and sticks the other between his teeth to free his hands so he can re-zip the backpack. As he straightens back up to standing, he sees black spots in his vision for a second.Yep, he definitely needs a blood sugar boost.
X
Ten minutes and two and a half apples later, they turn around yet another bend in the path and arrive at a three-way crossroads. A familiar figure comes into view.“Hey losers, you’re not lost are you?” Michelle calls over in her usual bored tone.“What? No!” Peter denies immediately. “We’re just taking the scenic route.”“Yeah, just enjoying the whole fall aesthetic here,” Ned says, spreading his arms out in an encompassing gesture. “Crisp air, sweet smell of corn, ankle-deep mud…” he trails off.“The apples,” Peter throws in, making a finger gun. He takes another bite to emphasize the point.Michelle rolls her eyes. “Whatever. The rest of the team’s been through here twice already. Mr. Harrington sent me to find you.”“Oh,” Peter says.She points to the path on the left. “Exit is over there.”“We knew that,” Ned lies.With a disbelieving snort, she walks off on the path to the right.Peter frowns. “If the exit is over there, where are you going then?”“Where are any of us  really  going, Peter?” she says cryptically.The two boys exchange a bewildered look as she stalks off.
X
To Peter’s dismay, the lightheadedness and headache he’s been experiencing aren’t improving with the addition of the fruit—in fact, they’re definitely getting worse. He feels vaguely nauseous now and there’s a weird tightness building in his chest that’s starting to wig him out.“Uh, can we stop for a sec?” he asks, his breath hitching.Ned stops walking. “You good?”“I dunno…” Peter mumbles. He’s swaying slightly on his feet. “Just feel weird.”Ned wrinkles his brow at him. “Weird how?”“Head
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Sick Peter Parker
Major Illness
Breathing issues
Vomiting
Poisoning
Angst
Field Trip
corn maze
Hurt Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Ned Leeds Needs a Hug
just hug 'em all man
Iron Dad
Irondad
Seizures
Medical Procedures

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

