Chapter 1





Chapter Text


There had been moments, and quite a number of them, where Loki thought his cause was doomed. Earth had managed to pull together a rather impressive (though Loki would die before admitting so aloud) group of compatriots resist him. If they had only fought together, they might very well have triumphed. But like most of those he had met on this cursed planet, and indeed like most of those he had met anywhere, they were too concerned with their own egos and competing agendas to coalesce into a solid fighting unit. There was something to be said, after all, for authoritarianism. As long, of course, as he was the one with the authority.Acting separately, Earth's mightiest heroes had fallen or fled one by one. His dungeons now boasted Rodgers and Stark, both of whom he deemed too dangerous to attempt to control with the scepter, and his minions included Romanov and Barton, who he judged to be less a risk and therefore had leading factions under his tight psychic oppression. His brother had returned to Asgard in an attempt to rouse Odin to take direct action, but it seemed the Allfather was waiting to see the outcome of his adopted son's siege before committing to what could be looked at as another alien invasion. That left Banner, a specter that haunted Loki in his quieter moments. He had no idea where the scientist had retreated to, and was expending considerable amounts of energy to locate him. He was not sure what he would do when he found him, but he could not allow a creature of such power and unpredictability to remain on the loose unaccounted for.Other than the constant nagging worry of Banner and Thor, Loki was enjoying a moment of rare calm. The city of New York had been subdued, along with about a third of the United States. He had carved out a nice little kingdom for himself, a good starting point from which to launch the rest of his take over. Local leaders, political, financial, and cultural, were either dead or converted to his cause, either by scepter or good enough sense to recognize the winning side. He had the President here with him at Stark Tower, to be paraded out when needed in order to show how completely he had overturned the old order. Loki had taken over Stark Tower as his seat of government, turning Tony's press hall into his throne room and, of course, usurping Tony's living quarters for his own.He sat now in the "throne room" on the golden chair he had demanded be placed on the raised dais. His aide, a studious young man named Timothy who he converted without undo coercion once he saw how over worked and underappreciated the youth was by his former superiors, stood at his side, his ever present tablet in hand."My Lord," Timothy said diffidently, bowing to Loki anxiously."What is it Timothy?" Loki asked with a sigh. He had hoped to put in a brief appearance in his hall, as he tried to do everyday - it was important that he be seen - and then spend the rest of the afternoon in his rooms. It had been forever since he had had any time to himself, and he was craving the space to think, read, and relax."The prisoners, my lord," Timothy looked even more worried than usual. "They are to be released today. You asked me to remind you.""Ah, yes," he murmured. "Bring them up. All of them. We need to come to some decision on what will become of the lot of them."Over the past month he had somehow managed to collect a number of humans in the converted cells of the tower. Pockets of resistance had popped up here and there, and rather than allowing the Chitauri the pleasure of slaughtering them, he had taken prisoners where it seemed advisable. He had never been a fan of needless killing. A man or woman who was dead could not be of any use, but one alive, and owing their life to his largesse, well... they could sometimes be quite valuable indeed. And so now he had a score or so of humans to determine a fitting punishment for. Rebellion could not be left to go completely unpunished, after all. At least, not most of the time.Unfortunately, two of the prisoners were now destined to escape Loki's punishment, whatever he decided it was to be. It seemed that the group of cyber saboteurs they had caught three weeks ago counted among them the son and daughter of one of the more important media moguls of this wretched country, one based out west in territory he had yet to claim, and in return for promise of their safe release, Loki had been enjoying much improved coverage on the airwaves. It was the day appointed for the release of the pair. The son, Ben, younger of the two, he would part with easily. The lad had clearly been following the lead of his more intelligent, assertive sister. Without her leading the way, Loki had no doubt rebellion would never have entered the boy's mind. He had been brought easily to heel once captured, and bowed to Loki, calling him "My King" as was proper. The sister... she was another story.Megan Bell was a constant irritant in Loki's side. For one th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
POV Loki (Marvel)
Angry Loki (Marvel)
Control
Sex
Begging
Light BDSM
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Oral Sex
Public Humiliation
Collars
Public Sex
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Loki Wins
King Loki (Marvel)
Porn With Plot
Smut
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Sex Toys
Forced Orgasm
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Anal Sex
Dark!Thor

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

