Work Text:
The event promises to be a rather boring night until Tony catches sight of the pretty little omega. He’s standing near the refreshment table, looking a bit lost and unsure.In a room full of confident and seasoned partygoers, the crème de la creme of New York, this omega looks out of place. And that's why he draws Tony's attention.Everyone seems to be ignoring him which puzzles Tony just briefly before he shrugs it aside. Tony has always had an eye for such things, seeing the things that are just beyond simple minds. Finding the bits of coal that turn out to be the most stunning diamonds.Tony has a feeling about this one so he goes with it.“You look a bit lost,” Tony says as he steps up to the omega's side.Startled brown eyes meet his and Tony's breath catches.The omega is so much more attractive up close than from afar. Too many details lost to the inadequacies of human sight. Chocolate brown hair falls into the omega's eyes, not quite curls but a little tame to be waves. It looks perfectly tousled though and Tony's fingers itch to touch them.He doesn't.Tony realizes that the omega is also young, or at least younger than any of the partners that he's had in the past. The alpha might even be old enough to be the boy's father…The older man wavers for a fraction of a second, wondering if maybe this... this young omega... might be where Tony draws the line.But then the omega bites his lip, that pink, plump flesh. Tony's eyes can't look away even when the boy's gaze darts shyly to the side.“A bit…” the omega admits, then meets Tony's eyes with a bashful smile. “Kinda my first time…”That piques Tony's interest, can't help the underlying dirty thoughts that come to mind. He leans a bit closer and catches the sweet scent of the omega's cologne. It's subtle and only works to enhance the boy's own unique scent.“Ah, new to the scene,” Tony comments warmly. “Would you like to go outside then? Get some air? I know it can be quite overwhelming in here.”Tony gives the omega a charming smile, one intending to woo and soften whatever reservations he may have. It doesn't seem as though the omega has any because Peter gives a relieved smile, nodding along.He turns towards the door leading to the roof terrace and Tony follows him, a silent shadow.The air outside is chilly. It's also windy which is to be expected. They're on one of the highest rooftops in the city. There are sofas scattered around, empty, and the lights have been dimmed for the evening. The view is breathtaking, but apparently not worth the chilly weather since they're alone.Tony smiles because he prefers it that way. Fewer distractions and with just the two them, he can get to know the omega more intimately.“My name's Peter…” the omega tells him.He reaches the railing that encompasses the entire terrace and only then does he look at Tony. The same shy, flirty look is aimed at the alpha and it's enough of a sign that Tony follows him.“Tony Stark,” the alpha says in return, “But you already knew that, didn't you, sweetheart?”The endearment makes the omega blush, but he doesn't deny it.“Everyone knows who you are, Mr. Stark…” Peter murmurs coyly.Tony steps closer but instead of pressing up against the omega like he wants, the alpha stands beside him. Their hands do brush, Tony makes sure of it. He takes it as a good sign that the omega doesn't move away.“So, hm… first time, right?” Tony smiles. “How you liking so far? Not too boring, I hope?”“It was… Until you came along,” Peter mumbles, the tail end of his sentence trailing off uncertainly.He seems a bit mortified at the admission, but Tony finds it endearing.“Did you come with someone…?” Tony casually asks.He wants to know if he has competition. He can’t imagine someone abandoning the omega, but in a sea of New York's high class, Peter had been alone. Somehow.“Kind of,” Peter says, a little hesitant to reveal.Tony gets it. He can read the omega loud and clear. There's an undeniable attraction between them and the omega doesn't want Tony to think he's taken. Maybe he doesn't want to lie though. That's all good signs cause Tony doesn't like liars too much.So he does have competition. That's fine with Tony. He knows he's a much better choice than whoever brought the omega to the party. He just has to make Peter realize it too.“Hmm…” Tony pretends to think. “That's rude of your date then, to toss you to the sharks. Terrible, really.”“Date–Oh. Um. Yeah,” Peter chuckles nervously, “Well, I mean… It's okay, I guess. I'm getting something out of it so it's not too bad…”Tony raises an eyebrow at that. Was Peter a sugar baby? With this possibility, Tony takes a subtle look at the omega.Peter definitely looks the part. The boy is well dressed, certainly clothed in an expensive, tailored suit. New shoes, shiny and polished. Fingernails manicured. Very well taken care of.And yet… Tony knows he can do better than whoever Peter's daddy is. Now to just lure the omega in…“Really... Well, whatever it is they're giving 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Breeding
Impregnation
Daddy Kink
Older Man/Younger Man
Condoms
Barebacking
Semi-Public Sex
Knotting
Creampie
Dirty Talk
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

