Work Text:
It started with a harmless Instagram story.
The camera was shaky, cutting across the table in front of Peter, covered in dice and notebooks and a large, printed map with miniature figurines positioned carefully in the battle field. It moved to Tony Stark, the DM screen piled on the table, forgotten, his smile wide as he rolled a twenty-sided die, legs crossed on the chair on which he sat.
Tony laughed, once. “Nat 20. Harley, my boy, does a nat 20 hit?”
The camera moved to Harley, sitting directly opposite Peter. He rolled his eyes, grumbling. “Of course a nat 20 hits. Don’t bother rolling damage. I’m down.”
As Harley picked up his pencil, Peter said, “Shit – am I the only one left standing?”
“No,” Tony replied. “Shmaptain Shmamerica is still standing too. And he says Language! at your swearing.”
The camera cut out as they started to laugh, and Peter posted it to his story, tagged with Tony Stark set an Iron Golem on our baby level three adventurers and is surprised that we’re dying.
Two hours later, when the session was left on a cliff hanger, the battle behind them and Harley’s character, the Half Orc Fighter Aerelm, barely surviving after a few brutal hits, Tony scrolled across Peter’s Instagram. He wasn’t following the kid, but occasionally checked up on it to see what photos Peter was posting from practically impossible angles. Being Spiderman meant he could climb to the highest of skyscrapers to take photos of the sunset, and Peter’s ten thousand followers he’d gained on the back of it was nothing to scoff at.
Tony laughed when he watched the video and paused for only a moment before sharing it on his Insta story. He then followed Peter, for good measure, because why not.
 
-
 
Peter choked when he saw his Instagram followers hit 100k by dinner.
“What the fuck,” he muttered, scrolling through his notifications and promptly turning them off. The follows were still coming in, one after another, and Peter’s phone screen was lighting up with each new account.
“What?” Harley asked, peering over Peter’s shoulder. The two of them met through Tony and had quickly formed a friendship outside of their mentor. Tony was ecstatic when he found out that the two boys he’d taken under his wing had developed a fast friendship, and even more so when they asked Tony if he wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons with them. That started a whole thing. A fortnightly thing, to be exact, in which Peter’s friends Ned and MJ would come to Stark Tower and Tony would take them on an adventure that he’d been writing for far too long, and the five of them would talk in funny accents and laugh for four hours straight.
“Look at this,” Peter said, showing Harley the screen. “Why are people following me? This is ridiculous.”
Harley snorted, taking Peter’s phone and clicking through the screens. “Easy, Pete. Tony followed you. And reposted your story – did you even try to figure it out? I mean, it’s right there.”
“Mr Stark followed me?”
“Yeah, and he only follows like nine people.”
“Are you one of them?”
Harley raised an eyebrow. “Of course I’m one of them, get with the programme. Now let’s use your new-found fame for good and film Tony talking to DUM-E like the bot’s his child.”
So, they did, and Peter posted it, captioned with mr stark’s first born son and watched in awe as the comments flooded in.
Eventually, Tony seemed to realise Peter had posted about him and had found the two boys on the sofa, a movie playing quietly as they scribbled out their homework in rough chicken scratch. Harley had only moved to Midtown recently; he’d left Tennessee for New York upon his mother’s frank discussion with Tony Stark about Harley’s potential and the best place for him, and Tony had taken over temporary guardianship and enrolled him in some private school in Manhattan. Harley hadn’t liked it, but it wasn’t until he and Peter had become friends that Tony had considered Midtown.
Now, the two of them, Ned and MJ were some weird, unbreakable group that roamed the halls together, decidedly at the bottom of the food chain, but happy all the same.
Tony took one look at the boys, turned his phone so they could see the video playing on mute (Tony smiling at DUM-E as he fixed a broken wheel, DUM-E beeping enthusiastically and Tony replying yeah yeah, I love you too, but if you keep acting like a moron I’ll donate you to a homeless shelter, you know that, right?) and said, “Your older brother isn’t amused about his image being online.”
Peter snorted and Harley barked out a laugh.
“I don’t want my children fighting, okay?” Tony added, before promptly walking from the room.
 
-
 
At school, Flash cornered Peter in a rare moment where he wasn’t flanked by his friends. Flash Thompson held no care in his heart for Peter Parker or Ned Leeds, but Michelle Jones had a cold, hard way of looking straight into his soul and saying Eugene with the most indifference he’d ever heard, and Harley Keener, the new kid, was the Southern kind of rude, in which he put a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Rated teen for language
Peter says Fuck
Social Media
Instagram
Family Bonding
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
No plot just fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

