Chapter 1: Who knew...
    




Chapter Text

 Chapter 1 – Who knew…? 

 “ You took my hand, you showed me how,  You  promised me you'd be around, Uh huh, that's right 

 I took your words and I believed, in everything you said to me, Yeah huh, that's right ” 
 Tony Stark. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, sat alone in his lab with only a decanter of whiskey, old flip phone, and a letter from Steve Rogers for company. It had been 6 months since Siberia. Anyone he hadn’t drove away with the accords, he directed away. Vision he sent to help Rhodey acclimate to his new legs andassist with day to day things he may not be able to handle anymore. Pepper, after saying no to his proposal, he guided to head the office in L.A sending Happy with her. It was as far from Manhattan as he could manage and have her still be in the U.S. Spider boy, after receiving Tony’s suit back, was out being the friendly neighborhood spider Tony wanted him to be.  After handling the boat incident so horribly with the boy, then Peter almost being crushed by a building in a fight against the Vulture, Tony  knew he was too much like his father to mentor anyone.  With Thor and Bruce in the wind to places unknown, Tony wallowed in the tragedies that surround him. That always seemed to surround him. As he sat there, trying to find the answers again at the bottom of a bottle, he asked himself  over and over again  “ Do they even need me ?”The answer was always a resounding “No.” He was the teams Albatross, and Tony felt it was high time he stopped bringing them bad luck.    After  coming to his conclusion , Tony did what he did best, compartmentalize and strategize. The first person he contacted was Pepper.
“Tony, I’m walking into a meeting right now, can this wait?” Pepper asked, sounding as if she was walking, speed walking if he knew her at all and he did, to their boardroom at SI.
“This will only take a sec,” Tony said keeping his voice airy and light, “I need you to have our lawyers work on getting pardons  for the Rogue A vengers.”“ YOU WANT ME TO DO WHAT ! ?” Pepper nearly yelled through the phone coming to a complete stop outside their boardroom.“I want you to have our lawyers…”  Tony continued but was cut off by Pepper.“The question was not literal Tony and you  well  know that,” Pepper said with  a frustrated  sigh, “Why would you want them back here after everything they put you through?”Tony paused for a moment, not knowing how to say enough without saying too much. “It’s been a year Pepper; it’s time to let things go because the world needs them. Rhodey, Vision, and Black Panther can only do so much while one of them is running a country and another still works for the military. If anything happens that we can’t handle, I need to know they can step in.” After that, Tony said the magic words that would make Pepper Potts move mountains for him, “I need you to do this for me Pep, not for them, for me.”With those words, her eyes focused, posture straightened ,  in a way a bystander would have thought she was just given the most critical mission on earth because to her, she literally had  been . She answered Tony, not an ounce of hesitancy or doubt in her voice, “I’ll let you know when it’s done.   It would be almost 4 months before Pepper contacted Tony back. In the meantime, he worked in his lab on everything he possibly thought the Avengers might need. There were over 5,000 arrows, 10,000 widow bites, 100 pairs and variations of wings, armor of all possible types, were boxed below Tony’s lab. The only thing he worked on and completed that wasn’t sitting below his feet was the 10 model arms he sent to Wakanda. Just two days prior, t he Princess of Wakanda got in contact with him stating “Mr. Stark, I know I have no right to ask this and wouldn’t if there was any other  choice ,  but circumstances as they are have forced my hand.” Tony had the call on video in his lab  Shuri  could only see him working on what looked to be mother board circuitry while she spoke to him. The only acknowledgment he gave her that he was listening was a faint nod. “I can create many things but a functioning robotic arm is well outside of my expertise.”
Tony stopped what he was doing with his head down for a few moments before responding to her. Lifting his head and looking into her eyes, he asked “How is the conditioning removal going so far?”
Shuri  smiled  and said, “While we were unable to remove the winter soldier completely, we were able to remove his base programming to grant him the choices of his actions. ” Tony nodded for her to continue as he picked up one of his Stark pads and began typing. “In effect, Sergeant Barnes will always have the two separate personalities, one of ‘Bucky Barnes” and the other of ‘The Winter Soldier’, but is no longer a threat unless provoked. Even then, killing has become a last resort for both.”
“How do you know?” Tony asked sitting down his tablet and picking back up his tools to continue fiddling with the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony
Tony-centric
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Steve is kind of an ass
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Multiverse
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Avengers are really mean to Tony
You’ve been warned...
Bottom Tony Stark
Light Dom/sub
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Steve Rogers
Insecure Tony
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Angst
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Anal Sex
Shower Sex
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Polyamory
Blow Jobs
Emotional Sex
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Wake-Up Sex
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Needs a Hug
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

