Work Text:
Peter knew what home was.
He knew the definition like the back of his hand, knew the feeling, the smell, the taste. He knew what it was like to be away from home, to long for it; knew what it was like to be in a place he was told was his home, but know it wasn’t. Peter Benjamin Stark knew that home could be carried and taken with you; he knew that it was a portable concept, attached to people, not things; knew that home never tried to run away or escape; home never tried to betray or lie.
Home, to Peter, was not a foreign concept.
It was familiar, intimate, known.
It was his to hold, to touch and turn in the palms of his hands.
And Peter’s home, quite decidedly, was his favourite place to be. Not that he was surprised – no, when he realised he had a favourite place to be, it made sense all the way down to his core that it was with his parents.
Because Peter Stark, in his opinion, had the best parents in the world.
 
-
 


@PeterStark: 

clint thought he could beat me at mario kart but he seems to have forgotten that I’ve got a lot of free time and better hand-eye coordination than anyone actually needs.



@TheHawk: 

@PeterStark didn’t your parents ever tell you not to get on the bad sides of highly trained super secret agents?????



@PeterStark: 

@TheHawk of course they did. you don’t see me calling out natasha do you???


 

From across the room, a pillow hit the side of Peter’s face. He sensed it coming the vague way, in his danger sense whispering move quietly in the back of his mind, telling him it wasn’t a massive threat, wasn’t anything too big, he could get hit by the projectile and all it would do is mess up his hair.
Peter frowned at Clint, throwing the pillow back. It didn’t even reach the highly trained super secret agent, who snorted, shoving his phone in his pocket and picking up the cushion.
“Respect your elders, kid,” Clint said, dumping the cushion on the sofa. Clint hit the sofa right after, landing heavily with a grunt, and Peter swung his legs up and onto his lap.
“FRIDAY, are they here yet?” Peter asked, Clint rolling his eyes with a smile.
“No, Peter. I will inform you when they arrive,” the AI responded from overhead.
Peter turned his attention back to Twitter before Clint snatched the phone from his hand.
“Hey!” Peter whined. “Give it, come on.”
Clint held the phone just out of Peter’s half-hearted reach as he scrolled down the app. “They’re staying for the weekend, huh?” Clint asked as if he didn’t already know.
Peter nodded. The coffee table was covered in snacks, movies and games, ready for the visit. He’d never had a sleepover before in his life but he was incredibly excited.
“They’re staying for the weekend, which means you can leave my house and not bug me for two days.”
Clint laughed, climbing up onto his feet. Peter groaned and followed him.
“Your house, huh? Last I remember, this was Tony’s place, and it’s super not yours.”
Clint let Peter chase him around the Iron Suite, his fingers flying across the phone screen as he dodged the projectile pillows Peter was aiming in his direction. Eventually, Clint ground to a halt, locked Peter’s phone and held it out.
“Fine,” he said. “I’ll go. It’s clear I’m not wanted here. Old Uncle Clint, passed over by his favourite nephew. Unwanted. Alone. Terribly depressed.”
Peter rolled his eyes at Clint’s melodramatics and swiped his phone back. “I’m not calling you Uncle Clint,” he replied, making Clint’s frown deepen. Peter was calling Rhodey “Uncle Rhodey” but largely only in Clint’s presence, or in the presence of someone who would take that news back to Clint.
“Peter,” FRIDAY cut in, “your guests have arrived. They are coming up the main drive now.”
Peter grinned, calling thanks, FRI over his shoulder as he darted out of the Iron Suite and ran down the stairs to the entrance. He made it to the main door in time to see Ned and MJ climb out of one of Tony’s Audis, Ned’s face open and wide and MJ seeming indifferent bar her single raised eyebrow.
“Peter!” Ned shouted, noticing Peter’s presence at the top of the steps, and came running, his duffle bag leaping around in his grip. Ned barrelled into Peter for a hug, and the boys laughed. MJ sent him a smile and a nod as a greeting.
“I can’t believe we’re at the Avengers Compound,” Ned gushed, turning around in a circle to get a look at everything. He whispered, in awe, “The Avengers Compound.”
MJ rolled her eyes. “You live here now, right?”
Peter nodded. “Yeah. Come inside, guys. Oh! How was the last exam?”
Ned and MJ replied with their varying opinions of their final exam. It was their senior year – it was Peter’s senior year, too, but Peter had been kidnapped and brainwashed and only acknowledged to the world that he was up and about a month ago. He hadn’t bothered to return to school, due to all the exams he’d missed, and his parents had shrugged it off and had a discussion with the school to get him on the list for next year’s exams instead.
Peter would work from home, rather t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Teen for language
Peter says Fuck
Fluff
the end of an era
Epilogue
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Pepper Potts is our hero

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

