Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve Rogers comes to college with three goals in mind:1. Graduate with a dual Political Science/Public Policy degree with at least a 3.7 GPA in four years.2. Find an attractive, intelligent girl to marry in five years’ time. It is absolutely necessary that she have a scandal-free past; it is a bonus if Steve likes her.3. Stay clear of any excessive partying, radical politicizing, association with shady characters, or anything, ANYTHING that might quirk some eyebrows if found on some acquaintance’s facebook page a decade from now.Because Steve Rogers is going to be a Senator; so says his father, the Governor of New York. And then Steve Rogers is going to be the head of an important committee. And then, if Steve’s made all the right moves and sacrifices and the grace of God shines down on the Rogers clan for the third generation, Steve Rogers is going to be President.It might be too much weight for the average 18-year-old’s shoulders, but Steve’s been prepped for this since the age of three. All of Grant Rogers’ grandchildren had been brought before the arthritic Vice President and, after careful thought and consideration, he’d laid his shaky hand on Steven’s bowl cut and said “him.”Two men from Joe Rogers’ staff help Steve move his belongings into his dorm while his mother taps away on her Blackberry. All the other mothers are wearing sweaty tank tops and shorts, and Steve’s even seen some visors going back and forth in the hallway, but Sarah Rogers is in Chanel.“When does your roommate get her, sweetie?” she asks him as she finishes up a call with one of her event planners.That’s the question of the day; Steve’s been assigned to room with someone named James Barnes, but all of Steve’s attempts to contact him using their new university email addresses have gotten lost in the internet netherspace. Or the guy is an asshole and ignoring Steve on purpose.Steve’s parents are very concerned about whom he’s going to be living with, but it’s an Honors dorm, so they’re more worried that Steve won’t get along with the guy than the possibility of his being a bad influence.“I don’t know, mom. It doesn’t matter, though, I’m gonna go say ‘hi’ to some of the guys in the hallway. Give me some people to hang out with until he gets here.” His mother beams at him, and Steve starts to make his way down the hallway, introducing himself with a handshake and a “Hey, I’m Steve Rogers, room 205.”Steve thinks he’ll get along with most of the guys on his floor. There’s a healthy mix of guys who can’t wait to attend their first college class and guys who can’t wait to attend their first college party, and Steve thinks he’ll flow between both groups smoothly enough.His mother and the guys leave after they get his room in order. It’s a lot different from the governor’s mansion where he’s spent nearly his entire life, but the ambiance of plastic shower caddies and egg crate will be good for him. Steve kisses his mother goodbye and promises to text daily and call every Saturday morning. She squeezes his shoulder and tells him to “make this experience count, Steven,” which is a reminder that Steve can’t take his eye off the prize. Three goals. He can do this.He goes to the dining hall with some guys from his floor, and they’re already buzzing about parties and the girls on the third floor. Steve eats a sorry piece of chicken and some macaroni, and wonders how his older siblings managed to make the transition from their chef to this. He’s conscious of the fact that he’ll look like a rich douchebag if he says anything.When they return to the dorm after a dessert of soupy soft-serve, Steve’s door is open and he hears someone moving around inside. He enters with a smile that freezes as soon as he gets his first look at James.There’s no way he can fucking do this if he has to live with this guy for a year. This guy is gorgeous, with wild brown hair and bedroom eyes and shit, Steve already wants to cocoon the both of them under his new, extra-long twin comforter and just smell the guy.The universe is being supremely unfair. First dining hall food, and now Steve has to sleep three feet away from the most attractive guy on the entire floor.“Hey, James, I’m Steve,” he tells him, holding his hand out even as he thinks a litany of ‘please transfer…please transfer…please transfer’ in his head. James looks at his outstretched hand with his Movado watch and snorts.“Bucky. How ya doin,’” he says as he tosses items out of a beat-up cardboard box onto his bed by the window, which Steve had been nice enough not to claim in favor of taking the bigger wardrobe. He doesn’t shake Steve’s hand, and Steve flushes with embarrassment.“Bucky? That’s what you want to be called?”“Yeah. This your TV?” Obviously it’s Steve’s TV; the university doesn’t provide HD plasma flat screens to go with its plastic, 1970s mattresses.“Yeah. Did you eat yet? I just went with some of the guys in the hall.” Bucky points to the wastebin where Steve can see gr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter & Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Politics
Starts as College AU
Then not college!
Political Ambitions
Drugs
Sham Relationships
Angst
Unhealthy aspects of relationship
Relapse
Addiction

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter & Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

