Work Text:

The wonderful and inspiring art by wiredoll, here. -------Steve still wasn’t entirely sure why he’d come. He’d been invited by Tony in person, of course (in passing, when he’d invited the whole team to come “celebrate how his moderate brilliance and a fair share of ridiculous luck had kept him alive another year,” and then again, when Tony had said to him, personally, that he’d like him to come, when they’d been alone for a minute after a debrief), so he’d been surprised to receive an invitation, too—on nice letterhead, a hard copy.  In the mail. And all of that. And the man was a teammate. So, team bonding, maybe, or—Steve had no idea.  But the invitation had surprised him, and so here he was, at Tony Stark’s birthday party. He wasn’t even sure how old Tony was going to be. The liquor was free-flowing, of course, the whole do in some kind of fancy conference space at Stark Industries that Steve was pretty sure was meant to make you feel like you were walking on air (and it kind of worked, he’d spent a good few minutes just looking down after he’d first arrived, seeing the whole atrium of the building below him), and full of people, the kind of pretty, glamorous women and glitzy men that Steve had always figured Tony spent his time with.  It was all a little dizzying—he’d never been great at small talk anyway, at . . . mingling, and he felt like it had gotten even harder since he’d been unfrozen.  There was just nothing to talk about.  What would he have said?  Talked about his missions?  Whatever parts of them weren’t classified to hell and back?  That would sure go over well.  So he ended up lamely talking about the weather, or whatever his conversation partner brought up.  Which was usually awkward.  He tried as hard as he could to avoid the subject of politics.  There were other people Steve knew there, of course, but they were desperately outnumbered.  And he wasn’t sure what he’d have talked to them about, either. He ended up standing by various windows and nursing drinks that had absolutely no capacity to get him drunk—he didn’t even like the taste of alcohol that much—and turning down various drunk, giggling women who asked him to dance, since that kind of bobbing up and down together wasn’t what he’d have called dancing.  He talked dutifully to anyone who came his way and made an effort not to glower too much (he wasn’t sure why, but he felt like he should at least act like he was having a decent time, even if he wasn’t really), but that was all. He’d worn his service uniform, and he kept finding himself tugging on it, not sure if he was overdressed or not. There didn’t seem to be a real consensus on the formality of the thing. Tony himself was in rare form.  In and out, back and forth and all over, Steve thought he’d talked to every guest, just about, and whatever he said always seemed to make them smile or laugh.  However he did that.  Based on his own experience with the man, Steve figured broad smiles, constant chattering, and crude jokes, but that surely didn’t work on everyone.  But Tony had his own special brand of charisma, Steve could admit that.  The man also flirted with just about everyone.  Without much discrimination.  He was always, well, like that, but that night it was like he’d turned it up a notch, so that every time he smiled at you, it felt like he was making some kind of . . . proposition.  He looked sharp, at least, in a suit that fit him perfectly and was cut in some kind of new fashion, his hair artfully tousled and his eyes bright and laughing, and Steve thought he was probably only a little bit drunk. He flirted with Steve, too.  He came over to check on him only minutes after he’d arrived—even after beaming at him at the door, smile bright and surprised—came over and smiled and thanked him like he really was honestly pleased he’d come, his hand a little too low on Steve’s arm, and his smile startlingly warm and personal, like, for whatever reason, he honestly meant it, and it really did mean something to him that Steve had shown up, his eyes so big and bright and vivid-soft that it was hard to believe that he was just blowing smoke. He dropped his voice low and husky and caressing, kept his eyes fixed on Steve, kept touching him, always an arm around his shoulder or a hand on his arm or even the small of his back, like Steve was his dame or something.  And he kept coming back, checking on him—pulling him away from the windows and introducing him to new people.  He actually did introduce Steve to a few interesting folks—a military engineer who kept Steve engaged in conversation for almost fifteen minutes before being pulled away by some supermodel, and an intimidatingly beautiful woman who talked with him about vinyl records and where you could buy them these days.  Steve figured Tony didn’t want anyone standing around holding up the walls, but it was more than a little surprising that he actually found anyone Steve wanted to talk to at all. And whenever the co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Undressing
Kissing
Flirting
Anal Fingering
Nipple Play
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony
Top Tony Stark
Resolved Sexual Tension
Sexual Inexperience
First Time Bottoming
Rating: NC17
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drinking
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge
Reverse Big Bang Challenge
Getting Together
Get Together
Panties

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

