Chapter 1: The Devil of Hell's Kitchen
    


Summary:

He’s heard tell of the new member amongst the ever-growing ranks of superheroes in New York. There are no clear descriptions of the guy aside from his costume because everyone who gets close enough to get a good look at him gets so badly concussed that they can’t remember a damn thing, they've been brutally "interrogated" and are too terrified and traumatized to even say their own damn name, or they're the grateful citizen of Hell's Kitchen who was rescued by the new vigilante.



Notes:
Hey guys, when I uploaded this I didn't really expect many people to read it, but here we are! A lot of you guys seem to really enjoy this, but I was especially unhappy with the first chapter so I rewrote it. This is the edited version, so if anyone wants a copy of the original for some reason I do still have it and can send it to you if you'd like. My tumblr is dumbbitchnumberone so feel free to shoot me any asks you have on there! This is still a work in progress so please leave any suggestions or ideas in the comments or send them to me on tumblr!




Chapter Text
He’s heard tell of the new member amongst the ever-growing ranks of superheroes in New York. There are no clear descriptions of the guy aside from his costume because everyone who gets close enough to get a good look at him gets so badly concussed that they can’t remember a damn thing, they've been brutally "interrogated" and are too terrified and traumatized to even say their own damn name, or they're the grateful citizen of Hell's Kitchen who was rescued by the new vigilante. Word starts to spread that the Devil is in Hell's Kitchen, and Tony would be lying if he said he wasn't intrigued by the guy's moniker. He's assuming the Devil of Hell's Kitchen didn't pick it out for himself but rather it was given to him because of some attribute he shared with Christianity's resident bad-boy. There are a few vague posts on social media made by people who claimed they were rescued by the Man in Black, but not enough that Tony can glean anything significant from the available information.  At first Tony doesn’t pay much attention to the situation other than telling Jarvis to keep an eye on the Dread Pirate Roberts rip-off. Shortly after the vigilante manages to get on his radar more important and imminent problems crop up, for example, Douche von Doom deciding to unleash his Doombots (Doombots? Really? Tony doesn’t call the unmanned suits Starkbots even though that is significantly catchier in his refined opinion) on Park Avenue.  Jarvis, ever the loyal and unforgetful sidekick, keeps his eye (read: every CCTV camera in Hell’s Kitchen with encryption lower than military grade) on the so-called Devil of Hell’s Kitchen which as a name, let’s be honest, is less catchy than “Doombot”. Time passes and Manhattan's newest Super doesn't do anything else to land himself on the radar of either Shield or the Avengers, so Tony just... forgets about him. He has a multi-billion dollar company to run and mental health issues to avoid, so it's really no surprise that he buries himself in his lab often enough to avoid the topic of superheroes almost entirely. But the Devil eventually pops back up, and it isn't in a small way. Hell's Kitchen looks like-- no, scratch that-- is a goddamn war zone. Multiple warehouses and buildings have been blown to shit, the streets are covered in flaming rubble, and people are looting every store in the neighborhood as if the apocalypse has arrived. An hour or so after the bombings a news channel gets their hands on some grainy security footage showing the now-beloved vigilante taking out a pair of cops with his freaky ninja skills and then bolting with one of the suspected heads of a human trafficking ring. At this point, Tony finally decides to ask Jarvis for an update on the Devil. There isn't nearly as much footage as he would've hoped. Like in many impoverished areas, the majority of security cameras in Hell's Kitchen are just for show. While a few are real and functioning, most don't record at all, and a shocking number don't even hook into a power source. Being an NSA analyst is probably a lot more frustrating than Tony originally assumed considering all he's gotten from unlimited access and frickin' artificial intelligence is a total of eight minutes and thirty-two seconds of grainy, dark footage. What he can see in the footage is impressive though; the so-called Devil is an incredible fighter-- as in could probably last more than one round in the ring with Natasha. The more he watches he starts to realize that the guy would probably actually be able to do some serious damage to Nat before she could take him down. The fighting style he uses looks like an amalgamation of different styles and disciplines, so Tony can't help but wonder where this guy learned it. “The Devil of Hell’s Kitchen appears to use a unique combination of jiu-jitsu, muay thai, krav maga, and boxing moves,” Jarvis supplies
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
daredevil meets the team
eventual comedy
Humor
Mistaken Identity
Secret Identity
Tony stark means well
Blind Character
Deaf Character
Ableism
mentions of domestic abuse
gets a bit darker and longer than I'd originally intended
but hey!
present tense except when it's kinda not

fandom: 
None
