Chapter 1: NooOo PeTEr
    




Chapter Text
Thankfully, Peter didn't keep his favorite family member a secret."May's my favorite family member, and there's nothing you can do about it." Peter says with a small devious smile. "After all, she did raise me." - And oh, Peter was thinking back to that moment, like it was yesterday. In reality, it was only a few hours ago.What happened, you're wondering?Peter had gone on patrol, and everything was somewhat normal. As normal as a 16 year old boy with spider powers can get.That was, until this weird guy started chasing him around New York. He made it to Brooklyn when he realized that he was Spider-Man, and he could take this guy. It was just a regular guy.Wrong.As soon as Peter got close enough, the guy took out a syringe and stabbed the poor boy, injecting this weird blue stuff into him. The guy then cackled a weird laugh and ran off, leaving Peter confused and drowsy.That was all Peter remembered when he woke up. Something definitely felt... Off.For one, the Spider-Man suit was waaay too big for him, but he fixed that by pressing the spider on it. It instantly shrunk to his new size.The next problem was the time of day. It had been close to midnight when he got injected, but now it had to be at least 6. The sun was rising.The last problem was the mask. It was too big for him. Peter was really confused about that. He looked down to his hands, everything seemed... Normal.That is, until he looked in a window and saw his reflection.Peter just stared, until he realized that the five year old staring back at him was... Him.Trying not to freak out, Peter pulled his mask on."Katen-Karen- c-call mi-mister Sta-Stark." Peter says quietly, wincing at how young he sounded. Karen didn't answer."Karen!" Peter says, getting a little desperate. The AI still didn't answer, only increasing Peter's concern for his well being. Did Karen not reconize him with how young he looked?Trying not to cry, Peter took the mask off. Looks like he had to swing home. He aimed his webshooters at a building and went to press them, then realized they had slipped off. Everything was too big and Peter didn't like it.Sniffling, Peter gathered up his webshooters and mask and began walking home.He just hoped he remembered the way, it was like his memories were fleeting. His emotions were getting out of hand, too.Peter just walked, hoping to find his way back without thinking for some reason. He asked the way back to Queens a few times, but nobody paid attention to him. Was it was the Spider-Man suit?Peter then bumped into someone and he looked up, wanting so bad to apologize, but it was like he couldn't control what he said next."Help."Peter winced at how much he sounded like the wasabi baby, but he couldn't dwell on that now. For once, the person knelt down, and it was like he was inspecting him. Peter couldn't help but notice that the guy was Asian and... Well, bald."Are you that Spider-Kid that helps out in Queens?" Wong asks curiously.Peter just nodded, not wanting to sound anymore like a kid."You're probably trying to get home, aren't you?" Wong asks, and Peter wondered how much this guy knew. He nodded again."Strange knows Stark, I bet he can help you out. Follow me." Wong says simply, and stands back up, leading the way.Peter had to do an awkward little jog to keep up with Wong, but he did it. He still had a pretty fast metabolism, so it seemed. So he still had his spider powers.Soon, the young spider-ling found himself in a weird place with a stranger that somehow knew a lot about him, and he was starting to think that this was a bad idea."Oh good, you're back. I was-" Strange cut off when he entered the room and saw Peter. "Why is there a child here?""This is the kid that Stark told us to keep an eye out for." Wong answers."... He is... Younger than I expected. I thought he was older." Strange says, slightly confused."I-I wa- I was. U-um, s-som-something.... Hap-happened." Peter says, looking up to the doctor. He wondered if his stutter would ever go away."That was ominous." Strange says simply. "I'll contact Stark, so we can get the kid out of here." he says, opening a portal and stepping through it, disappearing. - The Tower was in complete chaos.May had come, while Peter was out patrolling. The Avengers said not to worry, after all it was just midnight and Peter's curfew was 1am when there was no school the next day.Tony got worried when it was 1am and no Peter. As did the other Avengers. By 2am and no Peter, Tony was doing everything he could to find Peter and not wake May up. The other Avengers where out in Queens, trying to find the boy.Tony didn't know why he couldn't track the suit, but he couldn't. He tried several times to get Karen to call him, but Karen wouldn't answer. A safety mechanism he installed just in case Peter wasn't the one in the suit.Why did he do that?Now he knew two things, Peter was missing, and Peter had to be either hurt or dead, since someone ele had the suit.By 4am
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wong
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
De-Aged Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Tony is a worried parent
Something went wrong
as always
May is a worried parent
Peter is smol boi

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wong
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

