Work Text:
 “Don’t worry,” Reed Richards said, which immediately had Tony worrying. “I can fix this.”“Fix what?” Tony demanded, feeling an ear twitch nervously. Wait…He reached up in trepidation, realizing with a dawning sense of horror that his normal, human ears were gone. They had migrated to the top of his head and were now very fuzzy and distinctly pointed.“Richards!” Tony yelped, other hand flying up to touch the second ear that should not be on his head.“I can fix this.” Richards didn’t sound at all sorry or worried.“Tony…” Steve sounded rather stunned. “Your ears…”Tony looked over at Steve, rather hysterically noting that Steve was also sporting fuzzy pointed ears and what also looked a bushy platinum blond tail. “You have a tail,” he blurted.Steve looked down, brow furrowed. “Oh.” He sounded rather blank.“You do, too,” Richards said, and Tony felt something twirl anxiously around his right leg, and what the hell. He could actually feel his leg with the strange limb.“Fix this,” Tony demanded, feeling his new ears flatten against his skull in anger.“I said I can,” Richards said, looking down at the computer in front of him. “But…um…it’ll be a bit.”“I have ears,” Steve said, sounding appropriately horrified. He was holding onto said ears.“Why will it take a bit?” Tony asked suspiciously.“Because I don’t know what happened,” Richards said. “Yet,” he added hurriedly upon seeing the murderous expression Tony sported. “It wasn’t supposed to do this.”“What was it supposed to do?” Tony demanded.“Something,” Reed answered vaguely, not at all reassuring Tony. “But, well, it apparently did something else.”“Obviously.” Tony’s new tail whipped around agitatedly, and he grabbed hold of it in irritation.“But you can fix it?” Steve’s nose was twitching slightly, and he had a strange look on his face.“Of course,” Richards assured him. “But it’ll take some time before I figure out what exactly what went wrong and reverse the process.”“How long?” Tony asked, because that was the question.“A week.” Which meant more like four days, but that was still four days too long.“There’s no hope of doing it now?” Steve asked desperately, thumbing his nose as he scrunched his eyes up in a way Tony didn’t at all find adorable (nope, not at all).“Unless you want to switch places with your counterparts in another universe, then no,” Richards answered.“You did not call us here just to mess about with the multiverse, did you?” Tony demanded.“Of course not!” Now Richards sounded affronted. “I’d do that in seclusion.”“You mean while the rest of us are still in the tower and terrified of our safety?” Johnny Storm’s voice drawled from the entrance of the room. “So, what’s been – holy shit, Reed, what did you do?”Turning reluctantly, Tony saw Johnny gaping at them like a fish.“I said I can fix it,” Reed said irritably.“Can you do that without dumping them in a world where they’ll be worshipped as gods because they’re the only humans with animal parts around?”“That sounds oddly specific,” Steve noted.“It’s happened.”“No, it hasn’t,” Richards disagreed.“I’m gonna go with mini-Steve for this one,” Tony said, earning a glare from Johnny.“You know we’re not related, right?” Johnny said, rolling his eyes.“Thank God,” Steve muttered under his breath, quietly enough that it hadn’t been intended to be heard by anyone, except Tony did hear it because he had animal ears and how was this his life?“This hasn’t happened before,” Richards repeated, “but I can reverse it. It’ll just take a little bit of time. Why don’t you two stay here while I sort this out?”Just the thought of it was almost enough to give Tony hives. “Yeah, no thanks.”“What Tony means is that we can’t,” Steve said in a more reasonable tone. “We have things we need to do, and we can’t do them here.”“You can’t go out like that,” Johnny pointed out.“I don’t know if you’ve heard of it, but there’s this lovely invention called a hat,” Tony started. “And I’m told there are these fashionable covers called coats.” His new tail flicked dismissively.“Ha.” Johnny did not look impressed. “Funny.”“I thought so,” Tony said, grinning.“So do you have coats?” Steve asked, getting to the point like the good solider he was.“Ben has something you can wear,” Richards said, giving the two of them another look, his eyes lingering on their new features.“Oh yeah,” Johnny said, smirking. “He has a whole wardrobe.”Tony considered that for a few seconds, recalling what he remembered of the Fantastic Four’s debut years ago. He could definitely see why Grimm had a whole wardrobe full of coats and hats.“Great,” Steve said, shooting Tony a look when he didn’t say anything. “Then we’ll be out of here.”“And you’re going to fix us,” Tony said to Richards, his new tail whipping around in agitation.“Absolutely,” Richards promised.
They ran into Sue on the way out, and she gave them one look before rolling her eyes and marching upstairs while muttering death threats under her voice. Grimm simply heaved a resigned sigh and hau
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Animal Transformation
Romance
Humor
Developing Relationship
Friendship
Domestic Avengers
Comic Book Science
Reverse Big Bang Challenge
Friends to Lovers
Love Confessions
First Kiss
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

