Work Text:
Prompt: Penny and Wanda get into a fight when Wanda is drugged/mind controlled.  Penny swung from building to building, dodging a laser beam shot her way, then flipped, landing on the balls of her feet, knees bent, beside Wanda who’s whole body was covered in a red glow.  The Scarlet Witch grinned over at her, nodding.  “What do you think?”  Wanda asked, flinging a huge chunk of concrete at the nearest flying robot droid alien thing.  It had been a big enough deal that Mr. Stark had asked Penny to come along.  They’d been fighting for about twenty minutes when Penny arrived, suited up and ready to fight, and for the last thirty minutes, they had been slowly, methodically getting rid of the robots that Penny had never quite gotten the backstory of.“They’re not too hard to take down...but there must be hundreds of them,”  Penny told her, taking a breather for just a second, then shooting a web at one of the robots that dived toward them.  She pulled hard, leaping to the side and letting it crash land on the concrete.  Natasha and Steve had already cleared the area of civilians, so they were free to fight without worrying too much.  Still, they tried to keep the structural damage to a minimum, so Penny had been trying to keep them away from the buildings and instead, throwing them to the street which Mr. Stark was going to pay to have repaved.  “Where did they come from?”  She asked, speaking loudly enough that she wouldn’t have to use her comms.  They seemed to be attacking her more now that she was on the ground with Wanda.  “We don’t know.  Bruce is back at the Compound looking into it.  If we can figure out who made them, we can take them down too.  Stop them from doing something like this again.”“So...not alien?”“They’re definitely using alien technology,”  Wanda told her, taking another one down while Penny dodged, heart racing as another came diving toward them.  Why were they suddenly focused on the two of them?Just then, Captain America landed beside her, bringing up his shield to protect both of them from the debris that had been flying their way.  Penny barely noticed...her suit was thick enough to protect her from most of it, but she was sure she had a couple of cuts and bruises.  She’d be fine, though.  “You two okay?”  He asked, and she nodded.“They’re coming after me more when I stay in one spot.”  He flung his shield at one giant robot while Penny shot a web at another.  They moved like giant grubs, undulating and flying in ways that didn’t make much sense.  But they were fast, with sharp noses and bodies in spikes.  They seemed to attack mostly by just running into things, which didn’t seem to Penny like the most effective way to attack.  Still, who was she to question the weird alien-like robots attacking New York.  Others could shoot lasers, and those were the ones to watch out for.“Cap, I need you over here.  Now.”  Falcon spoke into the comms.  “We’ve got civilians trapped in here...at least thirty.”“I thought we cleared the area!”  Mr. Stark cried, and Penny spotted him flying overhead, three robots on his tail, and Rhodey followed, shooting at them and trying not to let them destroy any buildings.  “I guess they were trapped!”  Falcon called, and Steve took off in his direction, leaving Penny and Wanda once more to fight alone.Penny didn’t mind.  Wanda was one of the more powerful Avengers, and one of the only ones that didn’t treat her like a kid.  Instead, she treated her as an equal, probably because they were the closest in age, with Wanda being maybe 20 or 21...Penny had never really asked.  They worked together well, had sparred together plenty of times, and could often be found sitting together in the living room of the Compound on weekends, Penny working on school work while Wanda read a novel, the two of them fighting in companionable silence.  Penny spent a lot of her time at the Compound down in the labs with Mr. Stark where they worked together on suits or science projects or whatever else they were in the mood for.  But in the evenings, she and Wanda had started watching movies together or playing card games that the others would sometimes join in.  It was almost like having a sister.  Penny loved it, and Wanda seemed to enjoy her company, so she was happy to fight alongside her friend.  Then, before Penny’s spider sense could even go off, Wanda cried out, dropping to her knees.  “Wanda!”  She called, turning to find the girl grabbing her neck, then pulling something out...it looked like a needle.  She groaned, swaying on her knees, and would have collapsed had Penny not leaped to her side, slamming a fist into the robot thing that had gotten close enough to stick her with it.  It didn’t look like any of the other spikes...this one was blue and green, swirling colors coming to a point of dark red, the whole thing about six inches long.  Penny swore under her breath, looking around and finding that no one was nearby...not even the robots seemed to be bothering them 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Peter is Penny because Peter is a girl
Irondad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

