Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony often wondered why Steve stayed with him after all this time. They had a great relationship for years, a happy marriage even. Then they adopted Peter, a six year old with sparkling eyes. After that, Tony couldn’t seem to go anything correctly. Steve lashed out when ever something didn’t go his way. After ten years, Tony still covered when ever Steve’s jaw tightened or his blue eyes flashed. Tony didn’t dare speak out about it because he feared for Peter;s safety. It was safer for the both of them if Tony just did as he was told and keep his husband happy.
 
The first time it happened, Tony had just gotten back from a visit with May Parker. She had worked for Tony for years and he considered her a sister. Peter was in bed and Steve was very obviously drunk.
 

“Babe I’m back!” Tony calls, pulling his coat off and hanging it in the living room closet. He didn’t hear a response so he went looking. Maybe he had fallen asleep with Peter again.

 

Tony goes upstairs, to Peter’s room and peaked in. Steve wasn’t there. Tony crept inside and knelt by the bedside. Before he knew what was happening, Peter had rolled over and clung to him.

 

“Hey baby.” Tony smiles and kisses his head, but pauses when he hears Peter snifle. “Peter? What’s wrong love?”

 

“Papa’s mad. He’s scaring me.” 

 

“What do you mean? Talk to me.”

 

“He said….he said you ‘are screwing that no-good bitch whore May Parker’.  But doesn’t Aunt May like Ms. Potts?”

 

“Don’t worry. I’ll take care of it. You just go to sleep and I’ll fix this.”

 

Tony kissed his head and stands, going to find his husband. Steve was in the kitchen, nursing a whiskey.

 

“Hey.” Tony moves forward and kisses his cheek. “Are you okay?”

 

Steve glares at him, not answering. He downs his drink and slams the glass down before looking over. Tony jumps back, his pulse skyrocketing.

 

“Stevie?” Tony squeaked. 

 

“You’ve been fucking her haven’t you?”

 

“What?!? Who?”

 

“Don’t lie to me Tony.” 

 

“Steve I have-”

 

The slap came out of nowhere and made Tony stumble back. He brings his hand up to his cheek, tears pricking his eyes. 

 

“I told you not to lie to me.” 

 

“Steve I’m not lying to you. I have never lied to you! I’ve not had sex with any woman in over fifteen years. I’m gay for god’s sake!”

 

“THEN WHY ARE YOU FUCKING YOUR PUBLIC AFFAIRS OFFICER?!?” Steve yells and strikes him again. Tony falls to the floor, hitting his head against the cabinets.

 

“Steve….” Tony whimpers. Steve doesn’t answer and Tony can hear him leave the room. Then the bathroom door slammed.

 

“Daddy?” A soft, scared voice asked. 

Peter. 
 

Tony cursed, pulling himself up to a sitting position. “Come here Peter.” He says softly, holding his arm out. Peter hurries over, throwing his arms around Tony’s neck tightly. “It’s okay baby. I’m okay.” He whispers. “I’ll fix this I promise.”

 

“Why did he hit you? It’s not nice!”

 

“I know baby. He didn’t mean to. He was just confused is all.”

 

“Is he better now?”

 

“He is.” 

At least I hope so. 
 

“Okay Daddy.” Peter murmurs, already almost asleep again.

 

Tony closes his eyes, his head pounding from where he fell. He was almost asleep when he heard footsteps and his hold on Peter tightens. 

 

“Let’s get you to bed okay?” Steve whispers, prying Peter from Tony’s arms. Tony’s eyes fly open.

 

“No. No! NO! You can’t!” He sobs, clinging to his son as if he were a lifeline. “You can’t! Please!”

 

Tony, you can’t sleep on the kitchen floor, let’s get you to bed.”

 

Standing, Steve takes Peter out of the kitchen, leaving Tony alone with his fears, his thoughts. Then he returns, crouching down. 

 

“Tony?” He whispers, reaching out. 

 

Tony flinches back. “Don’t touch me.”

 

Steve pulled back, looking horrified. “Tony….” His voice breaks. “I am so so sorry. Please…..Bucky said he saw you two and-”

 

“You believed him over me.” Tony says bluntly. 

 

“It was stupid and I regret it so much. Please...let me make this up to you.”

 

Tony looks up. “Do you love me Steve?”

 

“Of course I do. More than anything.”

 

“Cute him out. Cut James Barnes out of your life. For good.”

 

“Okay.”

 

“Okay?”

 

“If that’s what it takes, yes. I swear to you. This will never happen again.”

 

Never happen again…..

 
Never happen again.
 
But it did. And it didn’t stop…..
 
It was sad that the once confident billionaire was torn down to the careful, quiet spouse of friendly, outgoing Army major Steve Rogers. Tony kept a smile in place in public but his close friends were not fooled. Of course Tony wasn’t allowed much time to be alone with them, especially Rhodey. Of course, whenever they were apart, Steve needed half hourly updates on what he was doing and who he was with. 
 
“Tony?” Steve calls, pulling him out his book. “Where are you?”
 
“I’m in here dear.” Tony says, standing quickly as if he were caught doing something wrong and closing the book, sitting it on the counter. 
 
S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peggy Carter/Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis
Carlos/Cecil Palmer

freeform: 
Domestic Violence
Abuse
Dark fic
Dark Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Human
Helpful Natasha Romanov
Hurt Tony Stark
Cheating
Healing
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Natasha Romanov
POV Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Asshole steve rogers
Touch-Starved
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Minor Original Character(s)
Cameos from other fandoms
Anti Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peggy Carter/Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis
Carlos/Cecil Palmer

