Work Text:


They weren’t looking for Spider-Man. 

 

The Avengers had been following the last echos of a trail HYDRA may have left behind, the prospect of finding anything all but null; regardless, Tony and Steve decided to take a look, see if they could find anything at all in the demolished warehouse HYDRA had been using for some sort of middle-management work. Spider-Man's involvement was plastered on the news just a few minutes ago; he'd webbed up as many of the criminals as he'd been able to, leaving them like particularly unappealing gifts for the NYPD, but hadn't been there when the police actually got to the scene.

 

“So what happened here again?” Steve asks as Tony touches down, his eyes flicking away from the warehouse as he moves a little closer. “We left so quickly that I didn’t get to actually watch the news report." 

 

“It looks like our friendly neighborhood Spider-Man came through.” Tony remarks with a hint of an exasperated smirk as he notices the leftover pieces of webbing lying around. He’s only met the guy a handful of times, but he seems genuine... if a little careless at times. In any case, Tony’s begrudgingly enjoyed modifying Spidey's suit and having chats with him, once in a while, about tech. He’s decent company, if not shrouded in mystery ... and red and blue spandex. He's also a genius, if an albeit overexcited one, who, to Tony's surprise, has no lab experience under his belt. 

 

“Oh?” Steve, Tony knows, also has a soft spot for Spider-Man. As far as they can tell, Spider-Man is pretty wholesome, never killing, never straying off the path. He barely even harms criminals, choosing to web them up and leave them for the cops instead. Something about how he carries on gives Tony, as cliche as it sounds, a bit of a hopeful warmth. Even when they talk, he seems so genuine that it makes Tony’s teeth ache. Steve shares the sentiment, since he's been pining for at least one pristine vigilante-superhero; Spider-Man fits the bill, since he's almost entirely known to fight for 'the little guy.' “Have we asked him what he found yet?”

 

“He doesn’t really operate like that, you know?” Tony shrugs, moving slightly closer to Steve, and gives him the side-eye. “I’m going to lure him to the tower again tonight with the promise of new tech, though, so maybe I’ll be able to weasel something out of him. He’s pretty open to sharing, all things considered.” Tony hesitates. “And I’ll also throw in some actual new tech, what the hell. He probably needs it, anyway.” 

 

Something dawns in Steve’s expression- something rare, a fondness that leaves Tony slightly uncomfortable, still. He’s not used to it, although he supposes he should be... seeing as he’s going to be getting this from Steve more and more. “You like him, don’t you.” It's not a question. 

 

Tony spreads his arms with a shrug. “I like his mission,” he admits with a rueful grin. “He’s still fresh, you know? He doesn’t...” 

 

“He doesn’t know, yet, how downright awful people can be?” Steve arches one perfect eyebrow swiftly as he fills in the unspoken blanks. They’re both maskless, which Tony prefers. He likes to read Steve’s expressions, his expressive eyebrows. “He hasn’t been exposed to, to...” he waves his hand in the direction of the abandoned HYDRA warehouse, where they’d no doubt kept god knows what locked up. “Or who knows, maybe he has seen it, now. Since he came through here...”

 

“Hm,” Tony steps into the warehouse, wrinkling his nose at the overwhelming smell of paper and ... something else, something that stinks like old blood. “I don’t think HYDRA was doing anything particularly incriminating in here, though. They wouldn’t set up in a warehouse, not when they love their underground labs so much. This must have been something much smaller.”

 

“How subtle can you even be in a warehouse around the docks?” Steve maneuvers around Tony, their hands grazing just slightly as he gestures past him at a few tables. “My guess is that this was all management. I bet they had some printers and workshops set up, maybe they were creating fake IDs or something.”

 

“Clever boy, you figure that out on your own?” Tony drawls sarcastically but with no heat, and Steve flushes, swatting at him without turning around. “This must have been mid-level operations. Management, maybe.” He takes on last glance around at the hollowed out remnants of a workshop, disappointed despite himself. “I don’t think there’s anything to be found here, I guess we’ll have to ask Spider-Man...” 

 

He stops himself as they're leaving, something shiny catching the corner of his eye. Tilting his head back, he follows the slight gleam until he notices it: a glistening cocoon of webs outside the warehouse, lofted high into the air and woven around the fire escape of the warehouse. Tony frowns, maneuvering his suit just high enough so he can reach out and see what's tucked into the webs. 

 

Sudden chills shiver up and down his arms when he gets a good look at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
mild Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Shameless Peter whump
descriptions of injuries
Nobody knows Spider-Man's identity
but oh boy are they gonna find out
Peter is fourteen
Major Character Injury
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
mild Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

