Chapter 1: The Impossible Dame
    




Chapter Text


 
Hands in his pockets, collar turned up against the wind, Steve walked at a brisk pace to get home as soon as possible while trying not to set off his asthma. After being deemed unfit to join the army, for the… what? Fourth time? Fifth? He wasn't counting anymore, and his fake identities became more and more ludicrous every time. Heck, he'd even said he was from New-Jersey tonight, and that particular lie had made his skin crawl worse than the time Bucky had put a worm in his shoe.

Oh God… Bucky was going to kill him if he heard about New-Jersey. He supposed he would have killed him anyway if he had been approved. Bucky might be his best friend, his brother in all but blood, but he couldn't understand, he didn't know what it felt like to be dismissed when all he wanted was to help and do his part like everyone else. 

Steve felt so… useless. Like an old shoe beyond repair that no one knew what to do with. Useless but you didn't just throw a shoe out, so you left it to rot in a corner.

But he 

could

 fight. No one believed him, but he could. He'd taken on bullies twice his size. He wasn't afraid. He wasn't impotent. Steve kicked a stone, followed it with his eyes as it hit a trash can, then the next in a musical combo. Okay so maybe he didn't win those fights, not really, but neither did the bullies in the end since he refused to let them, refused to stand down and cower. Steve was looking for another stone to take his anger out on when he heard a harsh laugh. It wasn't a happy one, but mocking and cruel. He'd heard it often enough directed at him. Worried, he searched for the source, walking back a couple of yards to the dark parking lot nestled between the back of barber's shop and the grocer's. Both closed at this hour, of course, so it was deserted and dark, or it should be but he heard a deep voice from the entrance.

“...walking around dressed like that. Just askin’ for trouble is what I say.”

That voice belonged to the laugh that had made his hackles rise, no doubt about it.

“Piss off! I can dress how I ruddy well like, you neanderthal.”

“Think not, doll. C'mere and I'll show you a good time.”

“No!”

The woman's shout ended in a squeak. Steve had heard enough. To be honest, he had waited too long already to intervene, but he had been taken by surprise at hearing a dame stand up for herself like that. However, this was not a lovers’ quarrel. He doubted she even knew the man, and he sounded well into his drinks, too.

“Hey!” he shouted as loud as he could and stepped further into the darkened lot until he could see them. He had cornered the dame in the far end, leaving her no chance to escape, the beast. “Leave her alone!”

The man laughed when he saw him, but Steve jutted his chin out, fists clenched, ready to strike. He wasn't intimidated. What worried him was the woman who was struggling to keep her weight on her toes while the drunkard crushed her right arm in his meaty hand. A huge hand as large as her head. She was holding a stick as if she'd tried to attack him with it. She was brave, he's give her that, but she finally let it go with a whimper when he yanked her arm forward to face his new adversary.

Steve saw red. That was no way to treat a dame. Before he knew it, he was throwing himself at the bulky man, who swatted him back like a fly before he could even land a punch. Steve fell on his arse, tasting blood on his lips. The brute was wearing heavy rings to top it off. Damnit. Steve shook his head, trying to get rid of the dizziness from the blow when the other man yelled suddenly, dropping the lady as he held his hand. He cursed, then kicked her in the stomach and called her a couple of words Steve had never even heard before, although he could guess at the meaning. Finally, the drunkard left, snarling at him as he walked past. All in all, not such a bad outcome. It could have been a lot worse. For him at least, because he still had to check on the woman who had just been assaulted. Steve picked himself up and approached her cautiously so as not to scare her further. She was curled on herself on the floor, groaning.

“Ma'am?”

He was surprised when she carefully uncurled and looked directly at him, without any fear, even if she still looked to be in pain.

“Hey,” she replied with a soft voice and a bloody smile. “My knight in shining armour.”

A blush crept up his face. He knew she wasn't serious, but he couldn't help his heart from swelling with pride at those words.

“Thank you,” she added, and she really did sound sincere. His blush intensified and he looked away.

“I couldn't just walk away. Are you badly hurt?”

“My pride, mostly,” she replied, but her wince as she moved to a sitting position told him otherwise.

The lines around her mouth, the way she cradled her arm against her body and how she held herself, hunched over… He knew the signs of someone in pain and trying to hide it.

“May I help you up?”

She bit her lip and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hermione Granger/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hermione Granger

freeform: 
Time Travel
Dimension Travel
World War II
Awesome Howling Commandos
Hydra (Marvel)
OT3
Threesome
BAMF Hermione Granger
Steve Rogers is not a choir boy
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hermione Granger/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hermione Granger

