Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Eddie stopped to take a deep breath the moment he stepped out of the precinct.WE CLEAR, EDDIE? Venom asked; their first words for hours. It was a relief to finally feel that voice reverberating around his head, even though their presence could be felt constantly, and even though it had been Eddie who had spent days drilling Venom on keeping silent for the duration of his interview.It would’ve been foolish to reveal their little secret in the middle of a police station, or to leave visual evidence on the security cameras that could prove something was off with a run off the mill reporter.
Yes, V. You were wonderful. Thank you.
Venom preened under the praise, and Eddie knew that the warmth that he felt around his heart was his other’s doing.
 HUNGRY, EDDIE. 
Well, of course they were.I know a place that has a variety of chocolate the likes of which you haven't seen, Eddie thought at them.It had taken them some months to perfect talking silently: months of Eddie always walking around with a headset as a cover. And now they could feel and understand each others’ every emotion, but Eddie still preferred using words.Venom perked up at the idea of chocolate.Let me grab a few burgers first.
 BUT CHOCOLATE! 
They had learned the hard way that Eddie's body reacted badly to unmonitored amounts of sweets to an empty stomach. Eddie sent Venom the mental image of crouching over a toilet, accompanied with the foul, lingering taste in his mouth. Venom recoiled.BUT CHOCOLATE LATER, they amended.Eddie nodded to himself.God, he had missed New York. San Francisco was fine and all, but nothing could beat the greatest city in the world. A part of him — a part that was tucked finely under layers of anxiety about being discovered — got thrilled when the police called him with news regarding Spider-Man having caught the Sin-Eater and Eddie having to travel to the East Coast in order to give a new statement.Years ago he had claimed that the primary suspect of a series of murders around the city, a Mr. Emil Gregg, was a compulsive confessor and not the real killer, for which he was rebuffed, made fun of and eventually fired from the Daily Planet. Now that Spider-Man caught the real guy, Eddie's story was judged under a new light.COULD MOVE BACK PERMANENTLY? Venom asked, sensing his enthusiasm for the place.“No!” Eddie said, causing a few people to stare. He pretended to unfruitfully search for something in his pockets, but it was quite unnecessary: nobody cared in New York.No, dear, he continued silently. The Avengers are here, remember? Too many heroes in this city. We can't risk being discovered.It was a miracle as it was that nobody had connected the post-Riot appearances and crime-solving of Venom back to Eddie.Venom curled and uncurled in his mind. BUT YOU LOVE THIS CITY.Not being able to lie to himself was a curse and a blessing. Eddie sighed. Our relationship is more important than a city.Eddie had had cats, so he knew what real purring was like, but he had yet to come up with a better term to describe how Venom expressed intense satisfaction. It was like a buzzing sound at the back of Eddie's head, but not uncomfortable and annoying. More like… being tipsy and seeing everything in a golden-peach light.SOMEBODY IS FOLLOWING, Venom thought, and Eddie crashed back to reality. But there were too many people around them, the streets too crowded, to spot anybody without being obvious.They walked on, more cautiously than before. The previously warm and content buzz turned into an alarming siren: Venom disliked being threatened.This was what motivated Eddie to take a right turn to a lesser populated street, and from then, another right to a deserted alley full of huge trash containers.Typical.
V? I need you to stay hidden, no matter what happens. If someone attacks, just make us invisible and get us out of here. Nobody should see us.
 COPY  .He could feel the distaste in his other's voice, but the promise was enough.Eddie placed himself with his back to the wall, arms down but ready to snap up at a moment's notice, and he took in his surroundings: what he could use and what could be used against him. He expected someone to turn up from the mouth of the alley any moment when Venom nudged him gently.
 ABOVE! 
Not a second later a red blur landed on top of a dumpster, and Eddie found himself face to face with Spider-Man.“Man, I thought I lost you!” Spider-Man exclaimed in a suspiciously young voice.“You were following… me?” Eddie caught himself the last moment. He could talk in plural with Annie and Dan, but it would've been an immature mistake with Spider-Man.
Spider-Man.
Venom was also still in shock.“Yeah! Oh, I mean, not in a creepy way,” Spider-Man said hurriedly, and any cool demeanor he may have had evaporated. “Not stalking you, or anything, I just wanted to talk to you.”“That doesn't sound ominous,” Eddie remarked. What on Earth c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Eddie Brock
Venom & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Gender-Neutral Pronouns for Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Precious Peter Parker
Venom wants to adopt Peter because he's a loser
Avengers (mentioned) - Freeform
Fluff and Crack
Dorks
Banter
Minor Angst
Hurt
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Eddie Brock
Venom & Peter Parker

