Work Text:
“There’s just,” slurs Bucky, squinting, “Lots.”“Sure is, Buck,” Steve says agreeably, and steers Bucky successfully to his cot. It tips a little as he flops over to pluck at his bootstraps drunkenly. Steve bats his hands away and kneels down to do it for him. Bucky keeps on squinting; down, now, instead of up. He slaps a hand on Steve’s arm and squeezes. His thumb rubs against the fabric.“Christ,” Bucky says. “Jesus fucking Christ, Stevie.”“No need to go on sayin’ His name thataway, Buck,” Steve chides, a smile tugging up the corner of his mouth.“You used to weigh one hundred pounds soaking wet and holding a stack of Bibles,” Bucky accuses, but fuzzily. “I’m not still stuck with the damn Nazis, am I?”It’s supposed to be a joke, but Bucky is at that certain stage of drunk where everything he says just sounds heart-stopping and honest. Steve has to take a breath and hold it while he finishes unlacing and tugging off Bucky’s shoes. Left foot untied, right foot untied; left boot removed, right boot removed. There are holes all over his grayish socks, and his big toe pokes out of the right one. Steve feels abruptly terrible, and not just because he hasn’t had to darn a single sock since he left Brooklyn.Bucky squeezes Steve’s arm one more time and then reaches out the same hand, briefly and companionably combing his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve tries not to lean into the touch. He wants to put his head on Bucky’s knee, but he doesn’t.And then Bucky says, “You sure are sweet on that Carter girl, ain’t you?”Steve’s throat closes right up. She looked so beautiful tonight in that dress he forgot how to talk. But Bucky, right now -- Steve can’t even look at Bucky, not with his mouth all red and wet that way from the hard liquor. It’s confusing. He doesn’t think there’s a word for people like him, people who want these things. He feels, secretly, selfish. He doesn’t understand why he’s wired so different; why he can’t just choose if he likes dames or fellas and stick with it, same way as everyone else.Steve stands. “Come on now, lie back,” he says.Bucky stretches out on his cot happily enough, feet hanging off the edge a little. He watches Steve through those big heavy-lidded eyes. He smiles. It’s wonder his face doesn’t break in half, trying to hide that almighty cringe. “S’good, I’m glad you do,” Buck lies. “Real glad. You fucked her?”“Christ,” Steve bites out, completely forgetting his manners and turning about fifteen shades of red in the process, all the way from tomato to poppy. “Bucky, that’s rude as all hell. I know you’re drunk, but I don’t have to stay here and listen to you speak that way about a lady, and an agent at that.”“Je-sus,” says Bucky, laughing, but his face is brittle and mean. “Only askin’, man to man. Bet she’d be wild.”“The hell’s wrong with you?” Steve demands, and immediately regrets it. “God, Buck; sorry, I’m sorry. Listen, you get your rest. You need it. No wake-up call tomorrow, huh? That’s a first in a long while.”“Stevie,” says Bucky. His voice is suddenly small and scared. His eyes have gone as wide as they can with this much liquor in his system. He drank a lot tonight. A whole lot, more than usual, even more than the time they laid him off from the job at the docks. Steve takes a step forward, concerned.“Y’sure you’re real?” Bucky asks quietly.“Hey,” says Steve, dropping to his knees again. He reaches out to give Bucky’s shoulder a squeeze. “Hey, Buck, look at me. I’m sure. Same eyes, right? Same face.”Bucky reaches up his hand and traces his index finger down the bump in the middle of Steve’s nose. “Same beak,” he kids.“Your fault,” Steve replies. “Did a helluva job setting it, you knucklehead.”“Yeah,” says Buck, and then, completely non-sequitur: “They just — okay.”“Okay,” Steve echoes softly. Bucky’s hand cups loosely around Steve’s jaw. His thumb presses on Steve’s lower lip before he drops his hand and his eyes drift shut. His eyelashes are thick and dark, and in the dim light they cast long shadows down his cheeks. Then Steve realizes what Buck has said.They.Steve keeps his hand on Bucky’s shoulder even though he wants so bad to push it through Bucky’s hair. He wishes abruptly that he was back down to a sickly ninety-five pounds again, even if it would mean shivering and wheezing in the cold and ugly damp of this European winter, just so he’d have an excuse to climb into bed with Bucky the way they used to. But there’s no way they’d both fit now.Just a minute later and Bucky is out cold.—Steve unintentionally lied; there was a wake-up call.“They want,” Colonel Phillips had said, his lip curling, “pictures.”So it’s back in dress uniform for Steve, hat and heavy jacket and all, even though the rest of the unit just gets to wear what they’ve got on. These pictures are for the men and boys fighting alongside them, and whoever’s marketing thinks they should leave Captain America out of it. Privately, Steve agrees. He understands now that a dress uniform says more to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Healing Sex
Steve Rogers: The Bisexual America Deserves
WWII era

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

