Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
Watching conspiracy theories had always been one of Natasha’s guilty pleasures. Not because she thought any of them were accurate. In fact, it wasn’t even watching the conspiracies that interested her. She watched them to give herself ideas. To set a challenge for herself. If the theory seemed to have enough basis then she would do her own research into them, prove them true or false. She had a perfect record for figuring out government conspiracies, they were always the easiest to crack.While they had been on the run it hadn’t really been easy to keep her hobby secret. She wasn’t quite sure why she had been so embarrassed for the others to find out. Maybe it’s just because it was so against her image, conspiracy theories were so ridiculous and unserious. The opposite of her. But in the end the others finding out had been a terrific thing. It turned out Sam was really interested in solving unsolved mysteries, thus making his own theories, Wanda just found them amusing and Steve ended up learning more about the last seventy years through YouTube videos than he did through actual historical research.And so it ended up becoming a thing. Whenever they had some down time or they weren’t in any danger of having to pack up and go again they would sit down and watch conspiracy theories. Nat would take notes on theories she wanted to crack, Sam would take notes on theories he wanted to extend, Steve would take notes on anything he didn’t recognise and Wanda would take notes on any theories she thought were particularly interesting or any channels she thought were really good. Their favourite theory to date was that the Avengers were Illuminati leaders. It went something along the lines of them being so influential that no one would question it when they took over the world. According to the theory they were more powerful than the government, which wasn’t all that false.They had only had a Conspiracy Night once since they arrived at the compound almost two months ago. So it was obviously due time for another one. Since Tony wasn’t at the compound for the night, and they were all still reeling from the events of the day, they decided it was the perfect time to have one. Wanda, Nat and Sam had set up the room like their own personal police station; there was pens and papers lining the tables, a stack of cases they had already solved, a camera (which was just for show) and a large amount of popcorn. Steve was still in too much shock to actually help. He was having a very hard time believing that a fifteen year old had punched him. (“A fifteen year old, Natasha!”). Nat was actually rather impressed with Peter. He didn’t look as though he’d be able to throw a punch to save himself, yet he had managed to leave a bruise on Steve’s face. Granted the bruise had only lasted about an hour, but Steve was a superhuman and Peter was not, Peter was a scrawny teenager. Nat appreciated strength.The thought of Peter made her kind of desperate to get to know him. She didn’t know what it was about him, but there was definitely something. Maybe it was that he had punched Steve. Maybe it was that he seemed interesting. Very protective of Tony. The truth was probably just that she really liked children. It wasn’t as if it was a secret, she loved hanging out with the Barton children, but she felt like she should have a reason to get to know the children.“Do you think Tony would want to join Conspiracy Night?” Nat thought he would. Tony Stark was either the type of person to secretly be a conspiracy nut or to completely hate them. They could also invite Rhodey and Peter to join them. Rhodey would most likely enjoy them, and all teenagers did, right? Vision would obviously be invited to, in fact she didn’t know why he wasn’t there tonight. He would be good at solving the theories, since he was connected to the whole internet.“He isn’t here,” Sam replied.“I know, but I think we should invite him to join the next one.”“I agree,” Wanda said.Sam and Steve nodded their agreement. It was settled. In her head Conspiracy Night was their new Movie Night. Nat smiled, maybe she could pull her family back together.They started with a video of how the moon landing was faked. This had become one of Steve’s favourite theories, because he got to learn so much about space exploration through people trying to disprove it. And definitely not because he still had a hard time believing that people had actually managed to get to the moon. From there the videos only got weirder and weirder, until eventually they got to the superhero conspiracy theories. Soon the video loading was about who Spider-Man was.“Argh, stop the video! I don’t care who this spider punk really is,” Sam complained.Wanda laughed, “You’re only bitter because he tore you apart at the airport battle.”Sam rolled his eyes, but he didn’t say anything else.The video ended up being a very long winded explanation of the relationship between Iron Man and Spider-Man and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Shuri

freeform: 
Fluff
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
5+1 Things
Peter Parker is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Shuri

