Work Text:
He never thought he would wind up here.His hands gripping the beveled edges of Mr. Stark’s shatter-proof glass desk, clear PVC up around his waist, his breaths coming in short, heavy bursts as the man’s cock takes him apart. His back is arched in a way that would’ve been painful if it didn’t bring him closer to the release he was so desperately seeking. His knees feel like they might buckle if the man hits him just right one more time. He lets out a cry of alarm when Mr. Stark grips his hip hard enough to bruise.“Like that, don’t you?”It’s hissed into the air, and Peter hears himself groan in response. His legs are shaking. He doesn’t remember how to breathe, not with the hard edge of that desk digging into his stomach, not with such a big piece inside him.“Say it. Say this is all mine.” Mr. Stark is breathless, but the command is as sure as any he’s ever given him.He wants to say he can barely think, let alone string words together. But a hand comes down, firm and merciless, spanking his left asscheek and leaving it stinging.“Say it.” -- If he’s being honest, it had started six months ago, on his eighteenth birthday.He wasn’t big on birthdays, not since parties tended to involve more people than he was comfortable being around at any given time. Aunt May had long ago given up the dream of a big celebration, and instead opted for the pizza-with-select-friends approach. Of course, this year she made the fatal mistake of inviting Tony Stark.Tony’s response was something along the lines of “Wait, it’s his birthday?”Plans went from pizza-with-select-friends to being whisked away from school to Stark Tower, where a helicopter swept him up and flew him to a very fancy hotel with a restaurant called Luis. The place had a nine course tasting menu and a strict jacket policy that they were apparently willing to ignore for the sake of Tony Stark’s ‘honored guest’. Inside Natasha, Clint, Thor, Happy, and several of the lab techs who had gotten to know him pretty well since his ‘internship’ had started were there to greet him. And in the center of it all was Tony, wearing a rich-looking suit and a pair of smart glasses, which he was using to talk to Pepper.“Yeah, I know I said I’d be there, but it’s his birthday. He’s turning eighteen… Yeah. Yeah. Well, I’m still in town, I can meet with him and get his fucking signature tomorrow. Hang on—” He was saying as Peter walked in. He got up and immediately came over to wrap his arms around him in a hug.God, he smelled good.Peter closed his eyes and just breathed him in, clapping his arms around him, trying to keep it ‘bro’. But he smelled faintly of expensive cologne and salt water shampoo. His breath tasted like ginger ale.“How’s it feel to be a man?” Tony asked, pulling back from the hug, his hand clapping to Peter’s shoulder, leading him to the table.“Like every other day, I mean…” Peter started, then trailed off as he realized he didn’t have much to say on the matter. Being close to Mr. Stark made it hard to think sometimes. “Good, I guess.”“Good.” Tony said, his lips taking on a faint smile shape. He rarely really smiled. But the more time he spent in Peter’s presence, the happier he seemed. At least to Peter.It was one thing to idolize your mentor, and another thing entirely to harbor a crush so massive it had its own gravitational pull. He’d thought Tony Stark was the sexiest man alive before he’d met him (and had, in fact, voted him such in several online polls), and now, knowing him, working with him every day, it had only gotten worse. Not only was he a sexy older man with a brilliant mind and a tinkerer’s touch, he was funny as hell, and he had amazing taste in music, and when they were in the lab together it was more comfortable than his own home. He would be doing just fine, thanks, idolizing him from afar. But the man just kept touching him, and every time he did, Peter melted just a little more.Seeing him smile, even this much, made his heart thump.Tony guided him to the table, where Natasha gave him a kiss on the cheek and Thor wrapped him in a giant bear hug. The gathering was jovial. Tony stayed by his side and told stories of their adventures in the lab, making him laugh and go flustered in turns. When they wheeled the birthday cake out, it was a four-tier monstrosity with sparkler candles on top. It took three tries to blow all the candles out.Then Tony had leaned over and whispered in his ear, “What’d you wish for?”Flustered, Peter turned away and stabbed his fork into his slice of cake. “A change, I guess.” He’d said then, and like a naïve fool, assumed that would be the end of it. -- The present arrived at his apartment the next day.It was hand-delivered, and Aunt May had to sign two separate agreements before accepting it. It came in a slim box, wrapped in silver paper with red ribbon webbed like a spider’s web over the top in a classy touch that made Peter bite the inside of his mouth to keep the laughter at bay. Inside was a StarkDesign Engi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter is a Little Shit
aged-up Peter
Peter is 18
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Phone Sex
Anal Sex
I am a little ashamed of myself
snark and smut
get-together
Infinity Wars didn't happen

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

