Work Text:
Tony stops for a brief moment and chances a look around. He can’t see much; the rain is pouring down like a curtain and it’s getting dark fast. There’s nobody around, a relief and curse at the same time because that means he hasn’t been found yet, but he also can’t ask anybody for the way.It has to be here somewhere. The flier he’d seen had mentioned turning right at the intersection and then heading towards the woods. But there is nothing there but empty fields. He curses the cab driver who had refused to go any further, without even telling him where they were when his money had run out. He curses not having at least taken the time to grab his wallet. But there hadn’t been any more time when he’d run from the penthouse and made for the street.The small bundle in his arms gives a little squawk, and Tony starts moving again, holding his precious cargo a little tighter.“It’s alright; we’ll find it,” he soothes, carefully feeling inside the leather jacket to make sure the water hasn’t penetrated yet.He himself is already soaked to the bone and starting to shiver. He has to push on and find shelter soon. But there is nothing there. He finally reaches the tree line, but the small road continues, and the trees provide no shelter.It should be here. The directions had been pretty simple. This can’t be so goddamn difficult. Maybe he headed the wrong direction back at the city line? Doubts rise inside him. He can’t stay here much longer. It’s cold and while the inside of the leather jacket is still dry, it won’t remain so much longer, and he can’t risk it.Tony pauses again, darkness crowding in, thunder rolling in the distance. The weather is only gonna get worse. He just decided to turn back, try another place, try a homeless shelter to stay the night at least, when suddenly, there is a light shining through the darkness and the trees.“Yay,” Tony silently cheers and starts walking again, leaving the road for the shortest way to the safe haven.***Bucky has just climbed out of the shower when there’s a knock on the door. Scowling, he throws on a flannel shirt and stalks over. It’s a bit late for anyone to be knocking on his door, so it’s likely trouble. He reaches for the shotgun and throws open the door. What he doesn’t expect is a man with a goatee, drenched from head to foot, eyes hopeful and desperate and clutching a leather-wrapped bundle to his chest with both arms.“What the…” he can’t continue because at the same moment the man begins to speak. Or rather stutter.“I-I’m sorry, this… I didn’t mean to… this isn’t the shelter. I was looking for the shelter?” The last bit comes out with a squeak, as the man notices he’s staring down the barrel of Bucky’s rifle.Bucky notices his scent immediately. Omega. Exhaustion. Panic. He lets the shotgun sink.“You missed by half a mile,” he manages to rasp out, as he puts down the rifle and pulls the door open.“Oh, damn, I’m so sorry,” the man starts to apologize, eyes sinking. “I’ll just…”Bucky watches his shoulders slump, then he winces, as lightning brightens the sky, followed by an ear-splitting roll of thunder.The bundle in the man’s arms starts whimpering.“I think you should stay here.”***Tony gets the scare of his life when he’s suddenly faced with an open door and the barrel of a shotgun, on the other end of which stands a rough-looking Alpha with wild hair and a scruffy chin.But before he can even take one step back, a firm hand pulls him forward and into the dry and brightly lit cabin. Because it is definitely only a cabin and not the shelter he was looking for. How on earth did he miss that.“I- really, there’s no need,” he tries to protest again, but Peter has finally started crying inside his tight bundle, and there’s just no way he can go out in that weather again.He is uncomfortably aware of the water dripping down onto the floor from his clothes, but the man, tall and imposing, pulls him forward, not caring that Tony is probably leaving muddy footprints all across the floor.“Put him here,” the gruff man suggests, patting the bed still covered with a thick comforter. “I’ll get you a towel.”Tony has no choice but to obey, and puts the soaked jacket down to unwrap the baby from his prison. Peter is still hiccoughing dryly, but calming down a little once he’s able to see his father.“Hey, there, little one,” Tony coos quietly, stroking a hand down the baby’s soft, warm body to calm both himself and his son. Peter seems to be alright, thank goodness, even though he’s probably starving by now and still complaining at Tony with a wrinkled face.Tony doesn’t hear the Alpha return, until he’s almost upon them and turns to stand between the man and Peter.He is a little taken aback when the other ducks his head a little, obviously trying to appear non-threatening and holding out a towel with his hand. His only hand. Because the Alpha doesn’t have a left arm.“Hey, I don’t think I introduced myself yet,” the tall man begins. “I’m Bucky, my sister runs the shelter down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone (past)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Baby Peter Parker
Past Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Getting Together
mentions of physical harm
Bruises
h/c
Fluff and Angst
dad tony stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
former Vet Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe
Disabled Character
Tony's gonna kick Ty's ass!
Tony is a great dad
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone (past)

