Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Hi this is my 1st supercorp fic, I do not own any right of Supergirl or the DC universe, this is just for fun and, because some of my followers ask me to do a supercorp work. Hope you enjoy it too. The beginning of this story will be during season 4, and, the last scene will be like season 2 episode 4. Everything in bold italics will be the thoughts of the characters, what is in their mind. Let me know what you think about this, thank you in advance if you have the time to leave a review. Have a great day!
 
(At Catco)
Nia. - "Kara, do you have a moment?"Kara nods. - "Yeah, sure…"Both girls go to the terrace and, once they are alone, Nia reveals something…Nia. - "I know you are Supergirl… "Kara. - "What?!"Knowing Kara's secret is not the only revelation of Nia…Nia. - "I know you are Supergirl because I… I can see the future…"Kara. - "What ?!"It looks like Kara can't formulate a complete sentence and, this doesn't make it easier for Nia, but, there is no time to waste so, Nia continues talking…Nia. - "I don't know if it's a gift or a curse, but, I have seen the future, that's why I know you are Supergirl. Before coming here, I knew, I know that one day, you would be my mentor, and I'm not talking just about being a reporter…"Kara. - "What do you mean?"Nia. - "You will help me to use my power to help people and, with your help, I will become: 'Dreamer'... "Kara looks very confused with everything that she's hearing and, she gets more conflicted when Nia warns her about the end of the world. Kara shakes her, she does not want to believe that the world… Her world will end, very, very soon…Kara. - "I know that everything looks very bad, and, you might be scared but…"Nia. - "Kara ! I'm serious! This hate will rise in a scale you can't imagine, it will poison the heart of more than a half of the world and, it will destroy us…" (deep breath) "A very advanced technology will be in the wrong hands, and that will be the end of the world as we know it…"Kara shakes her head, she refuses to believe it…Nia. - "You don't believe me…" (she approaches and, putting her hands around Kara's face, she says) "Let me show you…"
 *** Kara's narrative (voice-over) *** 

 We do our very best, but it's never good enough… being good is not enough, no matter how hard I try to protect others, it doesn't make a damn bit of difference, because when bad things come, they come out of the last place you ever thought… 
Lena was working late in her office when someone lands on her balcony. The brunette doesn't bother on looking at the girl of steel, she is still angry with the hero…Lena. - "Just because I helped to keep you alive and, clear the atmosphere from kriptonite, it doesn't mean you can come to my office whenever you want. We are not friends…" (she raises her head and, says) "You're not welcome in my office, you… "(she frowns) "You are crying…"Lena wanted to act cold and distant with our dear hero, but, how, how can she act cold and distant when the hero looks like that... so broken, so sad...Supergirl cries. - "Why?! Why Lena…?!"Lena. - "What are you accusing me now?!"Supergirl. - "You are experimenting with the material of my planet, after Reign you kept working with those elements we used to vanquish her… Why?!"Lena avoids eye-contact and, replies. - "I don't know what you're talking about…"Supergirl. - "Don't lie to me!"Lena. - "You can't ask me to be honest with you when you say just lies to me!"Spuergirl. - "I don't know what you're talking about..."Lena says with a bitter voice. - "Really...?! I'm the smartest woman in the world, do you really believe that I wouldn't notice that Kara Danvers & Supergirl are the same person?"Supergirl drops her jaw open, she can't believe that Lena has known her secret identity for a long time...Lena says with pain in her voice. - "I hoped that one day you would tell me, but, I guess that will never happen..." (Sad chuckle and tears) "How stupid I was to believe that a super & a Luthor could be something else than enemies..."Kara stays in silence, she's constantly lying to her and, till this moment, she realizes the impact of her actions…Kara mumbles. - "They stole your research…"Lena. - "What ?! That is impossible…" (she looks at her laptop and, at the video cameras of her secret lab and, says) "That is…" (she gasps in shock when she realizes that the lab is empty) "No… Who…?!"Supergirl. - "Mercy…"Lena. - "I was so distracted in the DEO, working with brainy, trying to clean the atmosphere. GOD! She knew I would be distracted…" (she types on her laptop and says) "I can track them down, I…"Kara says with a defeated voice. - "It's too late, there's nothing to do…"Lena. - "What do you mean?!"The CEO gets angry with the defeated attitude of the hero…Lena. - "You are supposed to be our ray of sun! You're supposed to always bring us hope! How can you say that?!"Both girls look at each other, they look into their eyes, into their hearts and, for the 1st time, both realize how
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kara Danvers/Lena Luthor
Clarke Griffin/Lexa

freeform: 
SuperCorp
AU
fnfiction
Fiction
Romance
Pregnant Kara Danvers

fandom: 
Kara Danvers/Lena Luthor
Clarke Griffin/Lexa

