Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony was freaking out. Just a little bit.

 

His boyfriend, Stephen Strange, was returning from some magical bullshit field trip (Tony pretended not to know or care, but if asked, he could recite every dimension that Stephen predicted he would go and then extrapolate from that where he probably was at the time. So sue him, he cared a little bit), and Tony hadn’t exactly told him about some changes that occurred in the Compound while he was away.

 

Namely, the Rogue Avengers were back.

 

It wasn’t 

news

, per se, because Stephen and Tony had known they were coming for months (in fact, Tony had been instrumental in securing their pardons, much to Stephen’s discontent). Tony just might’ve not told Stephen that they were coming while he was gone.

 

It was an important trip that Stephen was on, and Tony didn’t want to derail it because he couldn’t get along with the Rogues. He knew Stephen would’ve stayed if he asked, so he didn’t ask. He had ushered Stephen out the door (portal) and hours later, ushered the Rogues in. 

 

The Rogues came back with every selfish, awful trait cranked up on high. Rogers immediately started with the 

we forgive you, Tony, don’t be petty 

shtick that he had down to a science, while Wilson just glared from behind him. Barton spat horrible things at Tony, and Romanoff contributed every so often with a cutting remark about his ego. The worst was the witch. Maximoff immediately tried to get into Tony’s head, only to have her magic repelled by the shield charm Stephen had given Tony when they first got together. When the witch had the gall to complain about being locked out of 

Tony’s own head

, Rogers gave him the disappointed eyebrows and a small speech about being a team. Tony flipped him off and walked away, to the jeers of the assembled Rogues.

 

Tony had spent the next few days avoiding them, going so far as to use FRIDAY to tell him when the coast was clear to go into common areas. But still, the Rogues had managed to sneak up on him and corner him, which really fucking sucked. Barton wanted to scream about the divorce papers that came with his pardon. He had actually tried to hit Tony, but FRIDAY threatened to gas him and have him arrested. Romanoff tried to scuttle back into his corner like the little spider she was, but Tony rebuffed her, and she made a crack about his ego before disappearing again. 

 

Rogers was the worst, though. He kept cornering Tony to talk about 

love, 

and 

friendship

, and 

trust

, and it made Tony sick. Rogers didn’t apologize, not once, so Tony didn’t see a reason for them to talk. In fact, the last time Rogers had cornered him, Tony stuck a powered up gauntlet in his face, the nanotech coming together seamlessly (Tony was really proud of that, considering the gauntlet had a tendency to jam, and that would not look intimidating 

at all

). 

 

So Tony was happy that Stephen was coming home, but also freaking out, because he figured Stephen would be mad because Tony didn’t tell him (

sometimes my teammates don’t tell me things

, the ghost of a former partner echoed in his head). 

 

Tony was so deep in (frantic) thought that he didn’t notice when Stephen portalled into their bedroom.

 

“Hey, sweetheart,” Stephen greeted, kissing Tony lightly on the cheek. “What are you thinking about?”

 

Tony didn’t have the energy to try to put on a false front, so he just collapsed against his boyfriend. “They’re back,” he said softly. “And I fought for this, I made this happen, and I hate it so fucking much.”

 

Stephen stiffened. “Tony,” he said carefully. “Why didn’t you tell me they were coming back?”

 

“I mean, 

technically, 

you knew…” Tony said, sounding like a scolded child.

 

“Tony.”

 

“You were doing important stuff, this could wait,” Tony muttered into Stephen’s robes. “And it can continue to wait until tomorrow morning. I haven’t been sleeping well without my wizard pillow, and I need to take full advantage now that he’s here.”

 

Stephen sighed but curled up against Tony. “Tomorrow,” he promised, and Tony hummed his agreement.

 

---

 

Tony woke up feeling better rested than he had in days, but also alone. He knew Stephen had been there, because his side of the bed was all messy, but the wizard was missing. 

 

“Fri, where’s Stephen?” Tony said, yawning widely. 

 

“Doctor Strange is in the common kitchen, and Mr. Rogers appears to be on his way there now, Boss,” came the AI’s voice. Suddenly, Tony was wide awake.

 


“Shit,

” he whispered. “Fri, security feed? Gotta make sure Abra Cadabra isn’t killing the captain and shoving his corpse in the dark dimension.”

 

The AI wordlessly pulled up the security feed. 

 

Stephen was in the kitchen, lounging casually against the countertop. Rogers was looking markedly agitated when he saw Stephen standing there making coffee.

 

“Excuse me,” Rogers said in his 

I am Captain America, bow down to me

 voice. “How did you get in here?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
implied Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (past)

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
IronStrange
Protective Stephen Strange
BAMF Stephen Strange
where are all of my stephen strange tags
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
im sorry but i hate them
Like
A lot - Freeform
steves a dick
esp in this one

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
implied Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (past)

