Chapter 1: this was supposed to be the only chapter
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 This class is boring. Let’s go outside and crunch leaves! 

No, we—I’ve already missed three times this semester, I have to actually take notes and pass. 

 School is pointless. We shouldn’t do it. We should eat a lot of chocolate and watch some movies. 

If I drop out then I’ll never get a job and there will be no one to pay for your chocolate. How do you feel about that?
A wash of ice-cold surprise and then hot anger floods over Jeno, and he shudders involuntarily in his seat. The girl next to him notices and gives him a look, scooting her chair just a little farther down the row. Jeno whispers an apology, and looks up at the whiteboard to realize his internal conversation has already caused him to miss three lines of notes—Econ’s his hardest class, and he can’t afford that kind of lack of concentration. He glances at the clock on the far wall of the lecture hall. He only has to focus for twelve more minutes, so he doubles down on his notebook.
 Fine...do your studying. We have to eat LOTS of chocolate. Or people. 
I’m not eating   any   people, Jaemin. We’ve been over this. You don’t even like doing that. 
 Jeno….Jeno. Fine, Lee Jeno. Then please. Buy us more chocolate. 
 
 —
 
 Oh Jeno. There he is! Do you see him, Jeno? We should go and speak to him, Jeno. Let’s go right now. 

N-no, I don’t think so. He looks busy.

 We can interrupt him, we read that book too! We can tell him it tasted boring when we tried it. 

I’m not telling Renjun that my symbiote took over so it could lick my copy of Anna Karenina. 

 The people on the cover could have been tasty. 
Sliding into his seat at the back of the room, Jeno tries to shake the extra voice out of his head. Recently it’s harder, because Jaemin seems to get a little stronger every week, and Jeno has a little harder time remembering where he ends and the symbiote begins. The symbiote taking on a human name only makes it easier to forget what Jaemin is—actually dangerous, and not at all human. But since Jaemin knows most of what he’s thinking, it’s hard to argue with him on much. Jaemin just tells him they’re one, and then pushes for more food.
 He looks good today. Agree? 

...agree.
Bonding with Jaemin changed Jeno’s life in a host of ways. It took him three weeks to stop breaking pencils just by picking them up, and that was after the week of class he missed trying to stop screaming out loud every time the other voice in his head spoke. Weirdest was probably when he allowed Jaemin to take over his body—their  body, he asserted—and walk around campus introducing himself to strangers with that eerily wide smile. Jeno had asked why he didn’t look like a monster, when he was one. Jaemin had been offended, pouted into the mirror, and replied that not all symbiotes were like the ones in the news. Some of them were just there, needed a host, maybe some brains to eat, and had no issue looking like humans. Jeno didn’t know enough to question him, only enough to put his foot down on the eating brains bit. Their foot. Jaemin’s foot? He put a foot down.
 Why don’t we ever talk to him, Jeno? You like him. I like him. He’d like us, if he knew us. Let me take over and prove it! 

You are not altering my entire physical appearance in the middle of this classroom!
Several rows forward, Renjun scribbles out a note while sighing in frustration, and runs a nervous hand through his hair. With the sense enhancements Jaemin brings along, Jeno can practically feel the tiny air disruptions from that movement. Having a crush and a symbiote at the same time...is not ideal. Not when Jaemin encourages and feeds on every little crush-like emotion, points out every time Renjun is in visible range—as if Jeno doesn’t already  know—and pines after him too. With their symbiosis, it’s like having twice the crush at once.Jeno misses whatever funny thing the professor says, but Renjun’s responding laugh makes his heart beat loud in his ears. There’s a deep sigh in the back of Jeno’s mind, the spot where Jaemin lives.
 I bet he tastes nice. 
 -- 
 We should get more chocolate. For snacks. Renjun will need snacks too! He’ll like us better if we give him our food. 
For once, Jeno doesn’t disagree, although he does think some snacks other than just chocolate might be a good idea. He wishes he could calm his nerves enough to prepare better for the studying he’s about to do, but with Jaemin reminding him about it almost every second it’s hard to just get the things he needs and leave the convenience store.The problem is that he’s on edge, even just walking back to his dorm room. The announcement of the group presentation threw him for a loop—he’d already established himself as a loner (due to the whole...people eating symbiote thing. It seemed safer, even if he wasn’t allowing Jaemin to ever eat anyone) but he couldn’t argue his way out of the assignment.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Lee Jeno/Na Jaemin
Huang Ren Jun/Na Jaemin
Huang Ren Jun/Lee Jeno
Huang Ren Jun/Lee Jeno/Na Jaemin
Lee Donghyuck | Haechan/Mark Lee

freeform: 
Fluff
Miscommunication
Hiding in Plain Sight
Human/Monster Romance
never thought I'd be using THAT tag
Alien Character(s)
Alien/Human Relationships
Symbiotes - Freeform
Klyntar
Pining
Mutual Pining
Kissing
Awkward Kissing
Awkward Tension
Flirting
The Author Regrets Nothing
au no one asked for
things are gonna be weird and you should just go with it
Sharing a Body
Mental Link
Ambiguous Relationships
Jekyll and Hyde
Hungry Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Sweet Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Venom Symbiote AU
Polyamory
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Family Issues
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Lee Jeno/Na Jaemin
Huang Ren Jun/Na Jaemin
Huang Ren Jun/Lee Jeno
Huang Ren Jun/Lee Jeno/Na Jaemin
Lee Donghyuck | Haechan/Mark Lee

