Chapter 1: How to Tame a God of Lies
    




Chapter Text
Tony was buried under a pile of rubble. He had mixed feelings about this. Okay, 'buried' was a strong word, it was more that he was inconveniently pinned, but the point was: mixed feelings. Boredom, impatience, relief (nothing he couldn't get out of, after all), and the seething resentment that boiled up every time Asgard's dirty laundry become Earth's problem yet again.
Worse, there was an upturned car right in his line of fire, preventing the appropriate reply of six wrist-mounted laser beams fired in parallel straight into Loki's face.
He soothed himself with a reminder that further down the street, Cap was pinned in place by a historic cast iron lamppost bent around him, and there was no way someone with a telephoto lens wouldn't get a hilarious shot of that for the papers.
Still, at the moment Thor was the only one fighting Loki, and that was always a really terrible idea. Thor had a war hammer, but Loki had a tendency to rip Thor's heart into tiny shreds and jump up and down on the pieces. Also, throwing knives.
As long as Tony had his voice and functioning comms, he wasn't unarmed. While he shifted broken chunks of concrete and rebar he threw barbs at Loki, little insults and jabs. Just enough to keep Loki's attention divided, keep his sharp tongue aimed at Tony so he was too distracted to really tear into Thor.
(The way Loki treated Thor was further evidence for Tony's private theory that sometimes, family was the worst thing that could happen to a good guy. He'd only made the mistake of telling Thor that once, and fortunately he'd been in his armor at the time or it could have ended with broken bones.)
"Your hounds are defeated, Thor," Loki sneered, amid the sounds of hand-to-hand combat. "Will you lay down your arms? Or--"
"Better a hound than a son of a bitch," Tony chipped in before that 'or' could get out. He saw something go blasting overhead, and quickly aimed upwards, blowing the falling masonry to bits before more of it could fall on him. "Come on now, what did that building ever do to you? At least pick on one of the ugly ones, you've never heard of civic improvement?"
("Reloaded," Hawkeye reported through the comms; "getting back into position.")
"Does he never shut up?" Loki demanded.
"No," Thor said, which, hey. There was a grunt and a noise like someone had hit the ground hard. "Loki, I warn you-- this madness will--"
"Madness?" Loki gave a bitter-sounding laugh. "The only madness, Thor, was that it took me so long to be rid of you."
He sounded like he was about to launch into another speech of the brutal heart-stomping variety, and Tony grimaced, gathering his strength. With one last shove he wrenched himself free of the debris and jetted up past the toppled car blocking his view. Loki must have been the one who got thrown; he was sprawled on the road a good ten yards from Thor with his helmet and his latest fancy wizard staff by his side.
Tony raised his voice. "Hey, asshole, you're not the only one with issues. Daddy didn't love you, boo-hoo, I've been there and you don't see me trying to conquer planets. So you never got enough hugs as a kid, so what. No one cares."
Loki flinched and looked up at him. Tony braced for an attack but Loki didn't touch the staff or helm; his face just kind of… crumpled. "Do you think I don't know that?"
Well, that was refreshingly self-aware. There wasn't a good moment to say so because Loki had launched into full rant mode, no pauses necessary. It looked like the taunt had worked even better than Tony had expected.
"Believe me, if there's one thing I've learned, it's that I stand alone. I've had centuries to have that lesson etched under my skin." Loki was still on the ground, voice rising to a shout and words bitten off. "Taken out when useful, then cast aside so they might pretend they were saved by something nobler than my 'cowardly tricks'. Every time, my reward was only to be shunned. Unnatural Loki! Loki the interloper! Just a stray beast Odin stole on a whim."
Oh good grief. Stolen, really? Tony rolled his eyes hard enough to make his sinuses ache. "Right, you were adopted, worst thing that's ever happened to a kid."
"Adopted," Loki ground out, some kind of noise that could have been a laugh or a sob or both. "Do you adopt a serpent, Warsmith, and name it a child? Do you adopt a sword or one of your little missiles?"
Uh… that… was a little different than the usual self-aggrandizing conqueror b.s.
Between the ragged, half-hysterical noise Loki'd made, and the fact Loki hadn't picked his staff back up, Tony was starting to get an uncomfortable feeling that he might have cut a little closer to the bone than he'd intended.
"I was taken, hoarded, the Allfather's dirty little secret - he should have had me banished with the rest of the monsters!" Loki didn't stop when Thor tried to say something; didn't even look over. "But of course Odin can keep a monster if he wishes; he need not follow his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
more serious than the title implies
Slow Burn
I mean glacially slow burn
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempt
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Marvel Cinematic Universe Phase Two Compliant
Eye Trauma (chapter two)
Fantastic Racism
Major Character Injury
Survivor Guilt
Tony Stark: story hijacker
Alien Culture
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Tony Stark Has Issues
Emotional Infidelity
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

