Chapter 1: Maybe more chapters? Not sure yet.
    




Chapter Text
Steve likes to say that he could leave Bucky alone for five minutes and when he came back Bucky would have some kind of tale to tell and he’s not really wrong. This time it’s a damn gorgeous omega in heat spread out underneath of him handcuffed to his bed. He smells fucking great, like cinnamon and marshmallows and the noises he makes are sinful, if you believe in that kind of thing. Little young for Bucky’s usual tastes but he hasn’t been the type to consider moral qualms in a long time and Tony came to him. He buries his face in Tony’s neck, nosing at the space there and he snorts. “You fucking alphas are so easy,” he tells him and Bucky laughs.“You came to me, gorgeous. Think that makes you the easy one,” he points out, nipping at the skin under Tony’s jaw. He gets a shiver and a small moan for his efforts. Tony likes teeth, he’s gathered.“Not easy,” Tony tells him and they both know that’s not reallytrue, the way they met sort of disproves that not that Bucky gives a damn. This is Tony’s prerogative and shit, Bucky’s pleased to be a part of it.“Mhm,” he murmurs, nipping at Tony’s jaw again.Tony shivers, “can’t be easy if you’re a virgin,” he says and Bucky sits up straight.“What?”That earns him an eye roll. “See? Easy.”Bucky looks Tony over like he’d see signs of him telling the truth but there’s nothing, obviously, because ‘virgin’ isn’t something written on people’s foreheads. He squints, “how young areyou?” he asks not, he supposes, that it’s entirely unusual for omegas to be virgins later than others. Frankly Bucky doesn’t get why people spend time worrying about sex anyway but he figures he should maybe cover his bases. You know, for liability reasons.“Legal. Now do you need a fucking roadmap or do you know what you’re doing?” Tony asks. Cocky little shit. For that Bucky sits back further and oh, he has some fucking ideas- lots of them. Too many to make it into a one night stand but he’s sure he can make things creative. Maybe. Self-control has never been his strong suit.“Don’t need a map, gorgeous. Not like you’re the first omega to land in my bed,” he says. First to land here as a virgin in heat though and Bucky has experience, lots of it. Props to Tony for making things interesting even within all that. “Frankly if this is the result of all those omega sexual revolutions I think you guys should have done that a long time ago. This is a treat,” he says, looking over Tony’s body. The youth is a little more notable now that Bucky is looking for it though he can tell Tony works out. Makes him look a little older, the muscle mass, which is why Bucky hadn’t noticed right away. His wiry frame lightly padded with muscle happens to be exactly Bucky’s type too. He swears Tony is some kind of wet dream of his come to life and he licks his lips.“Damn alphas,” Tony mumbles, “the point was to make sex for usgood, not sex for you.”Bucky shrugs, “happy medium- we both have a good time,” he counters and Tony snorts, laughing a little.“Then get to it, solider,” he says.“Eager,” Bucky murmurs, shaking his head. “Youth- you guys are too used to instant gratification. I’ll learn you a little patience.”Tony rolls his eyes, “I don’t need it to be instant but you know, happeningwould be nice.”Bucky laughs, “needy little thing. Relax, gorgeous, I know how to make this good.” He’s had plenty of practice and even if he hadn’t his experience with Tony so far has told him he’d be able to read his actions easily.He runs his fingers over Tony’s thighs, smiling a little as Tony shifts below him. Yeah, he’s antsy and maybe it’s his inexperience or maybe it’s the heat, Bucky doesn’t care either way. “Ever finger yourself?” he asks and Tony nods. “Use dildos?” he asks and Tony nods again. Bucky snorts, “cheater,” he says lightly and Tony rolls his eyes. Popular habit of his and Bucky decides he likes it. But then plucky also happens to be his type.“What? A guy has to get through heats, alright. Never did cut it though,” he mumbles.Hmm, so Bucky knows. “That why you’re here?” he asks, fingers trailing up the space between Tony’s cheeks. His back arches a little as he sucks in some air and Bucky grins, poor thing won’t even know what hit him.“Yeah,” he breathes out softly.“And why me, gorgeous?” he asks, gently probing at Tony’s hole but not going in. He’s slick already, probably the heat but Bucky takes it as a compliment anyways.It takes Tony a moment to respond. “I um, you’re hot,” he says and Bucky laughs.“I’m not the first attractive alpha you’ve ever seen,” he points out and, because he wants to see Tony short out a little he slides the finger in. Tony lets out a small keening noise before it turns to disappointment when he pulls the finger out.“Do that again,” Tony tells him. Bossy.“Not until you answer me.”It gets him a dirty look, not that he expects anything less from an impatient omega in heat. “What makes you think being an alpha even had anything to do 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Explicit Sexual Content
uh... this is mostly porn actually
Age Difference
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
this is the first time I've written this kind of thing so like... idk if its good
i mean its not the worst but I'd have to be REAL bad to be the worst
like using book pages as lube bad lmao
I Don't Even Know

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

