Chapter 1: From A to Zed
    


Notes:

 A/N: As a warning, there are mentions of Jemma/other and Fitz/other in this chapter to set up the story. 


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Men were terrible.Awful.The worst.Jemma stomped her way up the stairs to her flat, jammed the key in the lock, and slammed the door closed behind her.“Jemma?” Fitz called from the living room as she kicked her pumps off one at a time. They hit the wall with a satisfying bang. “Hello, Jemma?” She growled under her breath. Terrific, just what she wanted, another man to deal with.She marched into the living room. Fitz was slouched on the sofa in track pants and a ratty t-shirt, a gaming headset on and a bowl of Cheetos in his lap. He hadn’t shaved, and his curls were a rat’s nest. Jemma crossed her arms. “What are you doing here? Didn’t you have plans?”“Uh, yeah—” Fitz licked Cheeto dust from his fingers. “Gaming night.”There was a tinny voice over the headset, “Fitz is out, his missus just showed up.” Fitz yanked the earphones off and powered down the console.“Why aren’t you out with Sally, or Sheila, or whatever her name is,” Jemma snapped. “It’s Saturday night.”Fitz frowned. “Sherri, and we broke up three weeks ago.”“You did? Why don’t I know this?”“She dumped me, but it really wasn’t a big deal. “ Fitz shrugged.Jemma edged around the coffee table, where Fitz deposited his bowls of Cheetos, and sat beside him. “Sorry I didn’t know.”“It hurt, but not that much. Wouldn’t have worked anyway. Sherri couldn’t balance an equation properly to save her life.” Jemma snorted, and Fitz smiled. “I’m fine, but it looks like you didn’t have a good night. Did Milton do something?”Jemma flopped back against the couch cushions with a groan. “Oh, screw him.” Fitz’s brows went up. “Or not, actually. We’re done. He’s a…oh, I don’t even know. He’s not worth coming up with an appropriate description.”“Slug? Pig? Snake? Piece of—”“Yes, all of that.”“What was the final straw?”Jemma heaved a sigh. “It wasn’t exactly one thing. We’re not as compatible as I had hoped. But I lost it tonight when, after he agreed that white wine paired with steak, he also agreed with me when I made an argument in favor of a modernized version of Johnathan Swift’s idea.”“You suggested cannibalism as a solution to overpopulation?”“It might have been an intentional plant on my part.” Jemma put her hands over her face. “But, Fitz! He agreed. Not as a joke. He earnestly said that he could see it as a viable option.”“Future founder of Soylent Green.” Fitz patted her knee. “What did you do?”“I stood up and dumped the red wine I was drinking with my steak over his head and told him not to ever talk to me again.”“That’s a girl.”“I’m just so mad. I knew Milton and I weren’t going to last, but he could have tried not to be quite so annoying.”Fitz leaned back, and she put her head on his shoulder. “How’d you know it wasn’t going to last?”Jemma hesitated. “We weren’t very compatible.”“You already said that. In what way? Besides that you’re echelons more intelligent than him.”“Well, I’m not sure you want to hear this.”Fitz linked his arm with hers. “You can tell your roommate and best friend.”“It’s embarrassing.”“Is that a whine I hear?”Jemma pouted. “Fine, but I cannot be held responsible if you get grossed out.”“Cast iron stomach.”“That is a giant lie.”“Tell me anyway,” Fitz said. “But let’s head to the kitchen. This sounds like a situation that requires tea.” They stood at the same time, and Fitz headed to the kitchen as she trailed behind him. While he filled the kettle, she pulled down two mugs and got out the sugar and tea bags.Fitz didn’t press her while the water boiled and they let the tea steep. It was one of the things she appreciated most about her friend. He knew when to push her and when to hold back. They sat down at their tiny kitchen table, her knees bumping his underneath it, and they sipped their tea in tandem. She put her mug on the table and wrapped her hands around it.“Milton and my interests did not align in bed,” she said. Fitz set his tea down hard and coughed. “Are you choking?” He was turning a little red.“I’m fine, continue.”“Milton might have agreed with me on everything else, but in bed, he took over without a word. Every time we were together, it was the same. Some kissing, he’d paw my breasts, and then it was missionary or nothing.” She was getting peeved all over again. “I flat out asked him once if I could be on top and he looked more shocked than he did at permissible cannibalism.”Fitz rubbed the back of his neck. “Sounds a bit like me and Sherri.”“Oh, Fitz, did you break up over sex?”“I think so? Wasn’t great for my ego, I can tell you that.” He hid his face behind his mug as he took a long, and loud, sip. She breathed in the sweet but slightly acidic steam coming from tea as she put a hand over Fitz’s on the table. Jemma hadn’t really known Sherri. The girl had always looked at Jemma like she was s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons

freeform: 
Roommates
Sci-Ops Era (Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.)
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Experimentation
Happy Ending
Fluff and Smut
Humor
Scrabble
Alphabet

fandom: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons

