Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey Tones! Do you wanna watch a movie with us?” Tony’s breath hitches just a little bit every time he hears that voice. Losing Peter on Titan broke him, but when he returned back to Earth and found out Pepper is also gone, it almost killed him. Rhodey was all he had, the only one he could talk to, only one who cared whether he lived or died, but… there was always this little but… apparently while Tony was in space with Strange and the kid, Rhodey decided it is fine to welcome back Rogers and his merry band of traitors.“Kind of busy, maybe later. Thanks” he tries not to show his bitterness. Everyone is acting like the Civil war never happened. Yes, they defeated Thanos and returned all those taken by the soul stone, but it doesn’t mean everything is suddenly okay. Tony is certainly not okay, Pepper returned only to break up with him again, Rhodey glued himself to Wilson’s side and if Tony didn’t know Rhodey is straight he would be convinced the two of them are fucking and Vision follows Wanda like a lovesick puppy. The worst thing is, that the world sees Rogers as a hero again and the UN is tripping over itself to cater to his every wish. His wish being, that the Avengers are reinstated and all of them bond as a team by living together. The day they told him he needs to live with them in the Compound and ‘bond’ with them, was one of the worst in Tony’s life. It was also the first time in 5 years he’s got drunk.“Come on man, you can’t hide in your cave forever. We have pizza!”“I told you I am busy, can’t you just leave me fucking alone?!” he can’t help it, he lashes out. He just CAN’T! Can’t sit there pretending everything is fine, can’t listen to their laughter while he sits there trying to stop a panic attack every time he looks at Rogers or the witch. He wishes he could turn back time, he wishes he never heard of Steve Grant Rogers or the Avengers.“Fuck you Tony! Stop playing the victim, Thanos is gone, the team is back, we saved everyone. Everyone is moving on, the only one ruining it is you, you do not even try to forgive, all you do is lock yourself up in this fucking workshop and drink all day. I thought you grew up, but no! You’re the same selfish prick you were after you returned from Iraq. I had enough!” Rhodey storms out and Tony doesn’t even try to stop him, all he can do is to slide down against the wall and try his best to hold back desperate tears at the sight of his last friend leaving him.“Hey Boss, maybe…”“Not now FRI, leave me alone. Mute.” there, not even his A.I. can talk to him now, he is alone, as he always was…. “Hey, where did you leave Tony?” Steve asks the moment Rhodey returns to the common room. He is lying on the couch, Bucky snuggled into his chest. Those two finally pulled their heads out of their super soldier asses and confessed how much they love each other. Like it was not clear as a day to everyone except the two of them. Apparently all they needed was one of them truly dying in front of the other’s eyes to give them the courage. Now they were inseparable, making out all over the Compound, almost never leaving each other’s sight, they were almost disgustingly sweet.“He won’t come, said he has work to do.”“Again? Come on Rhodey we all know he is lying, he is avoiding us!”“Yeah, I know, but what do you expect me to do about it? I tried to talk to him, I tried hanging out with him, but I can’t force him.”“Rhodey is right” Sam pipes in “Stark has a lot of shit on his plate, we need to give him more time. We need to show him that he is welcome amongst us and not force him and he will eventually come back.”“Uuuu, all listen to Mr. Psychology here, he knows best!” Clint mocks, carrying a huge bowl of popcorn and a soda, while Steve tries to shove Bucky off of his chest “I will go talk to him.”“You won’t do no such thing doll. Lie down and let us enjoy the movie, Wilson is right, he will come when he will be ready to come.” Steve doesn’t like it, he knows it is mainly he himself who Tony doesn’t want to see, he screwed up, royally so, he knows that now, but every time he tried to make it up to him, every time he tried to talk to him, Tony ran. With a heavy sigh he nods and shoves his hands under the blanket grabbing handfuls of Bucky’s ass, that ass always makes him feel better. It is morning and the newly re-formed Avengers slowly start streaming into the main kitchen. It became their habit, having breakfast together, every since they defeated Thanos. Everyone who is in the Compound at the moment comes, except Tony, he never joins.Steve and Sam are already back from their morning run preparing bacon and omelettes, while Bucky and Rhodey just wake up and are still sleeping a bit. Natasha and Clint left during the night, helping Fury with something super secret, while Wanda and Vision were gone on one of their ‘exploring’ trips and should be gone at least 3 more days. Bruce is slowly sipping his herbal concoction and reading the Times while Thor shovels 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Loki

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Thanos is defeated
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Tony Stark
Kid Tony Stark
Everybody Lives
Restored Avengers
Broken Team
Broken Team Dynamics
Civil War Team Iron Man
Panic Attacks
Domestic Fluff
Happy Ending
Protective Stephen Strange
jealous Stephen
Jealous Stephen Strange
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Avengers
Peter Ships It
may ships it
Humor
Crack
-Ish
Peter Parker Ships It
Snap reversed
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Steve Rogers bashing
Not Wanda Friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Loki

