Chapter 1: Showtime
    




Chapter Text
Eddie was not fine. He was not fine, definitely not, but he had no one to talk to, so he had to resign himself to other ways to get affection. It all started, or it all went downhill, however one chooses to see it, when he lost his job and his alpha as well. She had been perfect. Beautiful, smart and quick‑witted. She knew what she wanted and got it. And what she wanted was for him to leave. So, he left. It was his fault, in all honesty, but that didn’t soothe the pain, nor did it help with the loneliness that followed. After that incident he had barely managed to scramble some money together by the end of the month, to get by. No one wanted him to work for them. His name was tainted.He had lost every shred of hope. He was just barely getting by and soon his last savings would evaporate, and he would be left with nothing. It was the only thing he could do, the only thing left to do for an outcast. It is what people have done since the concept of trade existed first in their minds.Selling yourself for money.  Well, Eddie wasn’t stupid. Sure, he had done some stupid stuff in the past, in the recent past as well, but he would still always say, that he was quite smart. Had to be, since being an investigation journalist had gotten him into a lot of crazy situations. It resulted in him always finding a way out. At least until the last time. And when shit’s happenin’, then all of it is happenin’.Him not being stupid was one of the reasons he managed to sell his body, without a potentially dangerous stranger laying his filthy hands on him. No, that wouldn’t do. He wanted to be safe. And for people not to notice him.One evening he was walking down the streets and dropped by in a small shop that was owned by a chinese woman called Mrs. Cheng.“G’d evening, Mrs. C.” He walked past her counter quickly, before she could start analyzing his health again. The woman looked at him critically and he already felt judged.“How do you feel, Eddie?” Eddie shrugged as he walked past a few shelves and grabbed a pack of instant noodles.“Like always, you know. Everything hurts, but I can get by.”“Are you meditating?” He winced. He had tried meditating, as she had told him, but he couldn’t concentrate. So, he just started to hum and read the instructions of how to cook instant noodles. Maybe he wasn’t as smart as he thought he was? He sighed and looked up, when from the corner of his eyes he saw some black garment. It looked like a typical movie mask, a bank robber would wear. Beside it was another one that looked like… Iron Man. Suddenly Eddies cheeks were heating up. He had been playing with the idea, contemplating it. He had never though about actually doing it. Until now.He didn’t know what exactly had driven him that day. Seriously, he couldn’t even remember his reasoning. But that moment settled his fate. He grabbed the food and the mask before walking over to the counter, paying a ridiculous amount of money for the Iron Man mask and walking home with it. Oh boy, that night would be a funny one.  That night he created an account on cam-boy-website dot net and wondered, what the hell he was even doing. He thought he had resigned himself and that all of his pride was long gone. Seems like it wasn’t. Pride and shame mixed in his brain as he just stared at the screen blankly for a few minutes. He had a few notes in front of himself. Eddie Brock was not going to go in unprepared. Since coming home and creating the account he had watched a few guys doing… their job. Camming. No, that word was too close to cu- no. They were doing their thing. After watching the seventh guy jack off and earn money he had decided, that this was enough for now. But like on any bigger platform he had to first try to get behind the algorithms, to get popular. So, he had started taking notes on the names of videos, the angle, the cam quality and then he had started to investigate the time where the most people where online. Around ten apparently. Which his current time was. Actually, it was three minutes past ten. He should be fine. He had checked the quality of his laptop cam and it wasn’t the worst. And this was only until he would find a decent job. Nothing to worry about, since his face was also masked, and he was sitting on his bed. Nothing could give his identity away since he had no real personal items to begin with, so why was he hesitating?The former journalist took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He heard the blood rushing in his ears. Not good. If he was to give a show, he couldn’t be soft for this. He had to be into it and with his nervousness this wouldn’t work. Getting up from the couch he got a beer from the fridge and just swallowed the liquid. Better. Afterwards he got into a nice, hot shower and then went to bed, slowly drying himself with a towel. He would be using it again at the end of the night, if everything worked as planned.He placed the laptop at the far end of the bed and laid down in the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Venom / Eddie Brock

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Porn
POV Third Person
Canon-Typical Violence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega!Eddie
Angst
Hurt
Comfort
Bonding
Bottoming
Fluff
Romance
Friendship
Feels
Love
Plot
Porn With Plot
Teasing
Smut
Sad
Sex Work
Protectiveness
Not Suitable/Safe For Work
Omega Eddie Brock
Biting
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
some pregnant sex in the end
Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
cursing at people when they are not around
symbrock

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Venom / Eddie Brock

