Chapter 1: UPDATE
    




Chapter Text

So, like any recent story I've been making, I jumped into this way to fast. 

It was like the water splashed my face and I was like GAWD YASSSSSSS and just 
  
Totally flopped it. 

I thought I jumped into a gigantic lake but really I just stepped into a puddle. 
  
So, I am doing a remake of chapter 1 and continuing from there. 
 
I promise, THIS WILL BE A GOOD STORY!!! I JUST NEED THE TIME TO MAKE IT THAT WAY. 
  
 Thanks to those who already gave kudos - it honestly, really does make me feel appreciated. 

Love you all, and enjoy the real version of 'I needed the BATHROOM but I'll take the Job'.
         
Also, here's the deleted scene (the non-good one):
 
Peter Parker was fucking screwed. 
He was having a really awful day as well as being screwed. First, he got a notification that he would be kicked out of his apartment in eight days if he didn't pay up but whatevs. No big deal, he could find somewhere else. And he needed a job anyways (Because being Spider-Man didn't really make a paycheck) so he found several places to get a job. So far, all were bad. Nothing good. And all of it was done today. He had one last place to go to and hopefully that would be the jackpot but first he had to go to the bathroom. Peter didn't really look and instead just ran into one of the nearest buildings. He started walking towards the front desk, hoping to ask for a bathroom. He was cutting time a bit short, as the interviews started in about a hour, but he could swing the last few blocks with...Peter patted himself and slowly closed his eyes, breathing out slowly. He didn't have his mask with him...He'll have to take that risk. "Hello, how can I help you today young man?" Peter jumped a bit when the desk clerk addressed him. "Ah, yeah I'm - " Peter started but ducked instinctively when a flare of pain ignited in the small of his neck. Peter grasped it, wincing but looked as to what actually happened.A knife was in the wall above the clerk and she didn't look the slightest bit fazed. "Um, there's a - " Peter started again but had to dive when the pain ignited again. Grunting, Peter turned on the ground to look at the entrance. A figure clad in black was whipping knives at him. Peter scrambled out of the way, fleeing behind one of the desks. People had realized what was going on and some were starting to scream but as far as Peter knew, Knife Guy was focused on him. Panting a bit because it's been a while since Spider-Man has seen the light, Peter looked around the edge of the desk he was behind. Knife Guy threw a knife directly at his face and Peter dragged his face away. Peter took a deep breath and the tips of his lips flickered into a smile as he knew what was about to happen. The world around him slowed as his sixth sense kicked up. It was almost like echolocation except not. Peter felt the desk behind him - he could taste it - but if he looked beyond that he could 'see' Knife Guy. And he was standing over Peter, about to knife Peter to death. Peter turned and time sped up. Peter whipped his hand around the knife and grabbed the dude's wrist, flinging him over the desk and against the wall. Peter stared at the guy who was now knocked out and against the wall. He wiped his eyes and then dragged his hands against his pants. He swallowed and closed his eyes, recovering from the adrenaline rush. Peter looked up when he heard the click clacking of heels. "Okay, so that was great, you're free to go now," the desk clerk person was back and she was shooing the unconscious guy on the ground. Or maybe not-so-unconscious now because the guy was standing on his feet, nodding at the desk clerk and turned to Peter. "Good job, man," the guy's voice was muffled. "You're good...but you're going to have to get a lot better." And he walked off. "Congrats Mr. Parker," the clerk person, smiled, flashing teeth. "You're the new bodyguard for the Avengers." Peter stared at the woman. "Why - how - how did you - ?""Know your name?" the clerk shrugged her shoulders. "Easy enough. Jarvis did a scan when you entered the room." "Jar - oh ah fucking hell," Peter let out a hoarse cry. "I'm in Stark Industries?" "Technically it's the Avengers Tower but same dif," the clerk tapped her foot impatiently, looking at her watch. "Listen, I gotta get you upstairs so let's get going - ""Whoa whoa whoa who said yes?" Peter waved his hands and stared at her. "Because I know I never said yes - all I wanted was to go to the bathroom and instead I get knives thrown at my face and an offer to be the Avengers' bodyguard." "Do you have a job?" the clerk gave him a one-over. "I - yes," Peter stood, brushing him off as snootily as possible. "Yeah I do actually.""Where, the club for gay daddies?" the clerk shot back. "Because I'm pretty sure you'd make it there," Peter squeaked and went bright red. The clerk giggled. "Well, with that face you're going to be on your knees in no time, come on," she clacked her way over to the eleva
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Avengers x Avengers
Everyone/Spider-Man
Everyone/Everyone
Sam Wilson/T'challa
Mostly Tony/Steve/Peter
Also Mostly Peter/Original Six
tony/peter
Steve/Peter
Thor/Peter
Bucky/Peter
etc. - Relationship
Natasha/Peter Parker

freeform: 
crack fic ish
Peter needs a job
peter is 18+
Not specified though
Peter gets a job
Peter has very bad instincts
NOT AN ORIGIN STORY
Peter has had his powers for several years now
Idea that was based on a fanfiction.net fanfic
Tony is the first one who initiates the kiss kiss with petey
Peter loves the Avengers
Precious Peter Parker
Sassy Peter
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter is a Little Shit
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Avengers
Andrew Garfield Spider-Man?
You get more Andrew Spidey sassTM than Tom Holland sass
bodyguard Peter
Bottom Peter Parker
Virgin Peter Parker
Basic Avengers
No Vision
Demanding Avengers
They're actually kinda creepy with how possesive they are
but hey
it all works out in the end
what is this title
don't mind it
Iron Man 1 kinda Tony
He's a bit of a douche to start but he's my fav character so he doesn't stay that way for long
Flirty Tony
Flirty Avengers tbh
Domestic Avengers!
Peter Parker speaks Italian
Tony Stark speaks Italian
Into the Spider-Verse - Freeform
Characters are from different tv shows/movies/comics
Web Warriors Team
More marvel characters to come
I take it back
Nanotech is bae
So Tony has nanotech
No Thanos as far as I know
(Sex tags to come)
I don't know how to tag that
so as story goes along pls help
i'm also awful at at writing sex scenes
so pls help
really srsly pls help
when i need it
Constructive Criticism Welcome
Avengers (more than) Family
PTSD Peter Parker
Peter's spider sense is dangerous to him
toxic
Peter can't control it
Peter has severe anxiety problems
Peter has sever sensory overloads
Also RATINGS MIGHT CHANGE
Really understand that this is basically the Avengers being fuckbuddies with peter
Unfortunately discontinued
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued
tbh the avengers are actually pretty sweet
ig i really wanted people to know that this isn't a platonic relationship thing
i reread the tags
and i made them sound evil
which
they are possessive and shit
but they're not like
Evil
or anything

fandom: 
Avengers x Avengers
Everyone/Spider-Man
Everyone/Everyone
Sam Wilson/T'challa
Mostly Tony/Steve/Peter
Also Mostly Peter/Original Six
tony/peter
Steve/Peter
Thor/Peter
Bucky/Peter
etc. - Relationship
Natasha/Peter Parker

