Work Text:
Tony sighed, taking a long drink from the cup of coffee he had in his hand. He had been working his ass off for the last month to get Ross to agree to revise the accords and revoke the rogue Avengers' war criminal status, and since Pepper was abroad for a meeting of some kind he had to go it alone.  And now that it had finally happened the Avengers had moved into the compound. Tony wasn't exactly over the moon about this arrangement, but he couldn't really do anything about it.There were two main reasons he didn't want the Avengers living with him in the compound; Privacy, and Peter. Now that there were more people at the compound, he didn't have any of the privacy he had gotten used to when they left a year ago. Only his lab, bedroom, and Peter's room were safe. He had to be on guard constantly, couldn't just relax. After what happened in Berlin, he didn't trust any of the rogues, especially Steve. And since he didn't trust them, the last thing he wanted was for them to meet Peter. Peter was like a son to him. He wanted to protect him at all costs. You don't take your son to meet people you don't trust, people who you feel could stab you in the back at any second, some of them literally. You don't let your son meet people who kicked you when you were down and then left you for dead. You just don't. That also meant restricting the amount of time they spent together. Peter couldn't come by after school anymore, or stay over on the weekend. Occasionally Tony would find time to sneak away and pick him up from school, or go spend time with him at his house. But they couldn't build robots together anymore, or have long movie-marathons that last for a day and a half, or shit talk the government together when they were supposed to be asleep.  But it was better for them to spend less time together than to have Peter in close proximity with the rogues. At least, that's what Tony thinks.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  Natasha was exploring the compound, a habit she picked up during her time as an assassin, when she came across a locked door. That wasn't the strange part. What was strange, was that when she tried to unlock it, she got zapped. "You are not authorised to access this area." FRIDAY's voice rang out. Natasha's brow furrowed. Stark had said they'd been given all access except for his and Pepper's bedroom and his lab, and this room was neither of those. "Override code Black Widow." "Access Denied.""Override code Natasha Romanov.""Access Denied.""Override code Russian Spy.""Access Denied."Natasha frowned. That was definitely strange. Not only could she not enter the room or pick the lock, none of her override codes wold work. This requires backup. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  "Are you sure none of your codes worked?""Yes! Why else would I bring all of you over here?" Natasha hissed, leading the rogues to the inaccessible door.  "Why couldn't you just ask Tony about it?" Clint asked, annoyed at being pulled away from Mario Kart with Sam.  Natasha glared at him. "I can't ask him why he locked us out of a room in the compound after giving us all access, that's like asking him why he doesn't trust us! And we all know why he doesn't trust us. We shouldn't be making it worse." Clint looked down. She had a point. "Well, why don't we all try our override codes, and if none of those work, we'll think of something else." Steve said, looking at the door curiously. "Override code Captain America.""Access Denied.""Override code Steve Rogers.""Access Denied."~"Access Denied."~"Access Denied."~"Access Denied."~"Access-""Yeah, we get it, access denied." Sam muttered, cutting the AI off. "This room is clearly inaccessible, why are we still here? None of our codes work." He crossed his arms, leaning back against the wall. "Oh! Let's check the window from the outside!" Clint said, looking victorious. They exchanged looks before rushing outside and circling the building, looking for the right window. "There!" Bucky said, pointing to a window on the top floor that was slightly darker than the others, just like all their bedrooms.Sam activated his wings and flew up there, Wanda used her powers to boost her up, and Clint and Natasha scaled up to the window while Steve and Bucky waited on the ground. "Curtains." Natasha said while Clint cursed. "Wait!" She exclaimed. "I can see inside a little bit!" She moved around, tilting her head to see into the room better. In between the two sides of the curtain, a little bit of the dark room as visible. No one was inside. There were a bunch of clothes strewn over the visible floor, and a stack of textbooks on a messy desk. A backpack lay on the floor below the textbooks. A little device was next to it, it's purpose unknown. Half an Iron Man shirt was visible hanging on a hook near the door. Most perplexing of all, however, was a plain white mug that said 'World's Best Son' in black lettering. Her eyes narrowed, and she climbed back down to share her findings with the others.   "World's best son? Does- Does To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Secrets
Family Secrets
Cute
Fluff
5+1 Things
Peter is a Little Shit
Bisexual Peter Parker
Deaf Clint Barton
Swearing
Clint isn't married
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

