Chapter 1





Chapter Text

He's a world away from mother nowIn this land of smoke and steelHe lies listening for another soundAnd he's eaten his last meal


And he knows that winter is comingAnd he knows he won't surviveBut he's tired of endless runningHe won't hide...


And he's waiting for the winterWaiting for the winter
--Tony Carey
~
Steve Rogers can't sleep. 
He is one of two people currently walking the skin of this world peculiarly, perfectly suited to addressing the gravestone of a friend while that living friend stands beside him. The sharp lines of the words cut into Fury's headstone have not had ninety years to fade and blur, but he knows what they will look like when they do. He can see it, overlaid on the new-cut marble. He can see Peggy vivid and intense, her mouth scarlet and generous and curved, like a ghost over the dying Peggy's face. He can see two ages and neither of them have the slightest understanding of mercy. 
He can't sleep because every time he does find himself slipping under it is only a matter of time before he is back in the vertiginous hell of the falling Helicarrier, the stink of ozone and burned metal all around him, his right side a mass of cold fire, fighting the Winter Soldier. Fighting Bucky. Again the past and present lense into one another, he's dangling over another lethal drop, reaching desperately for a hand that slips away from him; and in the present, he lets go. The shield falls away like a toy, inconsequential. I won't fight you.
In the dream Bucky's eyes meet his, and know him, and their cold pours through his bones. You let me fall, says James Buchanan Barnes, and every time, Steve wakes up drenched in sweat, hands shaking. 
You let me fall.

I'm with you to the end of the line.

He has no memory of the fall into the Potomac, no memory of a hand materializing out of the ringing gloom to haul him back to the surface, back to life, back to air. No memory of being hauled ashore and deposited without ceremony on the beach. Until he woke in the hospital, the last thing he was aware of was the bitter-ice crack of his cheekbone breaking under the Winter Soldier's fist, the almost euphoric sense of relief, of giving up. He had nothing left, no more strength, no more options. Do it. Finish it. I'm with you to the end of the line. 
He was so tired, and it had been so long a life. 
Steve can't tell if it's better, the way the dream ends. If it's better that Bucky knew him and remembered who he was, even if that memory was horrible. Part of him was still frozen in that moment when the rail had snapped and he couldn't reach Bucky in time, couldn't save him, couldn't stop it happening. Part of him would always be caught there, in the endless grind of time. Was it better that way than the reality, that the Winter Soldier had just decided it was close enough for government work and slipped away to save himself after beating Captain America senseless?
He doesn't know, and he paces through his darkened apartment, fresh scars angry pink across his side and his face. Steve Rogers is terrible at lying, always has been, and it doesn't matter that he's lying to himself these days. He can't tell anyone about this--who would he tell?--and it's only now, in the slow nights, that he lets himself think about the third option. He does not know if he wants to believe what he thinks he saw, falling away from awareness like a stone into dark water: that fist drawn back pausing, those eyes suddenly focusing on him instead of through him, that implacable shell showing a crack. 
Because hope is not a blessing. Hope is, and always has been, cruel. 
~
The arm hurts him all the time now. 
He is aware of this the way a man might be aware that it is raining, or that the collar of his shirt is too stiffly starched and rubbing against his neck. Pain has long since ceased to offer any motivational force; he registers the dull ache and the sudden hot stings as something in there makes an intermittent connection, files it away to include in a status report, if one is ever called for. It's not just the arm, either. The way five of his ribs on the right side flare with pain each time he draws a breath has also been registered, as have countless bruises and lacerations, now healing. Slow. It has been a very long time since he has had to heal without the needles and the chair.
He wants the chair. His memory is a series of afterimages interspersed with the haze of thawing, but between the brightness of the outside world (wind on his face, touching his exposed forehead, the odd intangible heat of sunlight) and the dizzy fog he's so used to, the chair had been there. It was shaped to his body, and when the restraints closed around him and held him fast, something about that pressure all around him seemed to activate some deep, deep subroutine left over from a previous program, something that mimicked relaxation. The chair always meant pain, of course, and the headstorms that meant the beginning of a wipe, bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Past Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Brainwashing
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Memory Loss
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

