Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 This story features events based off of Young Justice Season One. Anything that you recognize from that show is the property of DC Comics. Also, this story will feature the main character in a relationship with multiple women. This will also feature content of  a sexual nature. And some characters who are male in canon will be swapped to female in this story. Or swapped with a similar female character. The only Harry Potter character featured in this series will be Harry Potter, or Hadrian “Harry” Kent as he was reborn as. If you do not like this, then I wish you the best in your future endeavors. For the rest, enjoy this story. And now for your feature presentation. 

Chapter One:


To the outside world, Cadmus Labs was just your ordinary research facility. Not too many people paid any attention if at all to Cadmus, except for the occasional advancement in science and medicine the lab pumped out. They were always researching something. And people did not question it when it did not effect their lives.

The research done on the ground floor was only a small portion of the entire work done from Cadmus. The Cadmus facility in Washington DC for example, held an extraordinary development from the government organization.

An attractive and well built redhead stepped into the lab. The redhead adjusted the lab coat she wore over the professional work blouse and modest length skirt. It only did a moderate job in covering her amazing body. The glasses the woman wore showed a sense of professionalism. 

This redhaired scientist  stepped in front of an pod containing a young man, of around eighteen or so years of age, if one judged him over by his looks. The woman picked up the microphone by the pod and prepared to record information. 

“July the fourth, two thousand and ten, twelve hundred hours. Log Ninety Three, Doctor Caitlin Fairchild.  The surge of power Cadmus experienced approximately three days ago appears to have no adverse effects on our project, other than a few peculiar anomalies. The latest round of simulations have shown remarkable development within Harry. Our subject, Harry, has moved through the simulations presented to him at a breakneck pace, and my recommendation is to up his amount of time outside of it, so he can develop his abilities further in a real world setting.”

Caitlin put the glass of coffee up to her face and took a long drink from it. 

“There are no mental changes to report that would cause any concern. Physical changes are interesting, as he has aged two years beyond what  Project KR intended and his eyes have shifted colors, from a bright blue to an emerald green. This is extremely interesting and…”

Another pulse of power abruptly ended Caitlin’s train of thought. Inside the pod, said eyes opened up and showed her how much they changed. Most of these changes within him occurred within the last three days. 

Project Superboy, or Harry as Caitlin dubbed him,, most certainly had not been the road she expected to take in Cadmus. However, Caitlin proved herself to be an extremely adaptable woman. And Caitlin Fairchild intended to stick with the project. 

“I will monitor any further changes and report on them as needed,” Caitlin said. “Whether this has anything to do with the additional DNA grafted after the failed prototype, I will find out soon.”

It had been interesting how Harry stirred awake, yet one more time. Harry’s newly changed green eyes locked onto hers for a moment. Caitlin pressed her hand onto the glass.

“It’s going to be okay.”

The Genomorph Gnome that kept Harry in a docile state appeared to be in great distress. Almost in a strain almost as if it hurt to keep in constant mental contact with Harry. These remarkable creatures, bred for their high level telepathy, being forced to suffer like that. 

Her direct superior encouraged Caitlin the first time this happened to replace it with another G-Nome to ensure that he remained under for a longer amount of time. She disagreed, thinking that keeping him in a pod, especially considering that Harry developed his own thoughts and feelings was inhumane. However, the G-Gnome on her shoulder made Caitlin somewhat more agreeable.

Caitlin  replaced the G-Gnome, just in time for a door to slide open. An older gentlemen stepped into the room and put his hand forcefully on Caitlin’s shoulder. 

“Any changes?” he asked.

Doctor Mark Desmond had less consideration for anything other than the boy’s state of being an asset to Cadmus and more likely his direct superiors. 

“His eyes changed from blue to green,” Caitlin said.

“A mere triviality,” Desmond said. “There’s no degeneration, either physical or mental, like the other one...and the board will want to see him soon. I hope that he will be ready to function in the Light.”

“Oh, he’s more than ready,” Caitlin commented. 

“And you’ve done well,” Desmond said. “He would not have developed into the state that he has, without your compassion and how you ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Kara Zor-El
Harry Potter/Karen Starr
Harry Potter/Caitlin Fairchild
Harry Potter/Dinah Lance
Harry Potter/M'gann M'orzz
Harry Potter/Artemis Crock
Harry Potter/Zatanna Zatara
Harry Potter/Donna Troy
Diana (Wonder Woman)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Thea Queen
Harry Potter/Multi

freeform: 
Harems
Lemon
Threesome - F/F/M
Foursome - F/F/F/M
Smut
Incest
Cousin Incest
Shapeshifting
Rule 63
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Kara Zor-El
Harry Potter/Karen Starr
Harry Potter/Caitlin Fairchild
Harry Potter/Dinah Lance
Harry Potter/M'gann M'orzz
Harry Potter/Artemis Crock
Harry Potter/Zatanna Zatara
Harry Potter/Donna Troy
Diana (Wonder Woman)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Thea Queen
Harry Potter/Multi

