Work Text:
Steve’s halfway to Clint’s hotel room to collect Lucky when he gets new orders from Nat via text. Change of plan. Go collect Liho from the wedding suite <3With a wry smile, Steve puts away his phone and heads back to the elevator he just got out of. Cat duty wasn’t exactly what he expected after he offered to help out before the rehearsal dinner, but as his sister commands, so he goes. Nat knows she has him wrapped around her little finger, and has ever since he was nine years old and his parents came home from the adoption agency with a too-solemn little Russian girl with bright red hair and fierce green eyes. Nat was four and barely spoke any English, but she could communicate just fine with those eyes.He opens the door of the wedding suite and has to take a moment to catch his breath at the thought: his baby sister’s getting married. In less than twenty-four hours, he’ll walk her down the aisle. After their parents died in a car crash when he was eighteen and Nat was thirteen, he became not just her older brother, but sort of her father too.The building ache in his chest is derailed by the sight of a perfect ass clad in close-fitting dark gray pants that lovingly cups its curves. There is a stranger in Nat’s suite. And that stranger is down on all fours in front of the Louis XV reproduction couch. His perfect ass sticks up in the air as he tries to reach under it.“Come on, you glorified rat. C’mere…” It’s said in such a sweet tone that for a moment, Steve thinks he misheard the words. The man inches forward and tries to get his arm further in. “Nat, your cat is more trouble than she’s worth.”“I’m not Nat,” Steve says. “Do you need any help with that?”The man bangs his arm on the underside of the couch with a muted thunk when he jerks in surprise. “Fuck.”“Jesus!” Steve hurries forward. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you.” Before he’s even halfway into the room, the man’s already on his feet and turning around. He has a face as perfect as his ass. High forehead, square jaw, pink lips with a hint of a natural pout. Short, wavy, dark brown hair. His wide, deep-set eyes are a clear and luminous gray. Those eyes widen as the man takes in the sight of Steve staring at him.Something about that wide-eyed, slightly nervous look catches at Steve’s memory. “Bucky?”Steve remembers a shy, sweet teenager, with soft round cheeks, eyes too big for his face, and a wild head of hair. If this really is Bucky, some time in the last few years, he grew into his face and is now so gorgeous that Steve’s having a little trouble breathing. The lean, toned body beautifully displayed by a black shirt and gray pants don’t help the breathing situation either.“You… have a beard now,” Bucky says faintly.Steve’s hand goes up partway to his face before he drops it back to his side, glad the beard does a good job of covering most of his blush. “Yeah. Save a lot of time on shaving.”It really is Bucky. Steve’s eyes widen as the full import of that finally registers. It’s Bucky. Nat’s best friend. The quiet kid who spent half his time in the Rogers household. Steve remembers one memorable incident when Nat and Bucky were sixteen and Nat decided to ‘help’ Bucky bleach the tips of his hair. That experiment led to stained bathroom floors and piebald towels. Bucky ended up having to get a buzz cut to salvage the disaster. Bucky hadn’t been able to look Steve in the eye for a month after that incident.He cannot lust after Bucky Barnes. He just can’t. He takes a step back.“Meow.”Bucky closes his mouth on whatever he was about to say as Liho emerges from under the couch.Thank God for distractions, Steve thinks. “You’re here for Liho?”“Yeah.” Bucky glares at the little black cat winding round his ankles. He gives Steve a curious look. “What are you doing here?”“Nat sent me to get Liho.”“Really.” An odd expression flickers over Bucky’s face. “She told me you were getting Lucky.”“I was, but then she told me to come get Liho.”Bucky makes a noncommittal sound. He scoops Liho up in his arms. “Got you.” Like a criminal knowing to bide her time till her next chance for freedom, she concedes defeat and curls up in Bucky’s arms and starts to purr. “Silly cat,” Bucky says.Steve is presented with a perfect view of Bucky’s profile as he looks down at Liho and strokes her. She stretches her head up and rubs her nose against Bucky’s chin, eliciting a surprised laugh from Bucky. The sound is mellow and smooth and so very easy on the ears.“I should—” Steve takes a step back and points at the door. “I should probably go see about Lucky.”“Oh.” Bucky blinks at him as he continues backing away. “Okay.”Steve turns around and heads for the door. He would swear he can feel the weight of those beautiful gray eyes on him as he walks away.At the elevator, another message from Nat arrives. Change of plan again. Can you get Lucky from Clint’s room and deliver him to Barney. Sorry about the confusion <3Steve punches the button for Clint’s floor and tries not to t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
best friend's older brother
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Weddings
Age Difference
Bearded Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes
POV Alternating
Shower Sex
Intercrural Sex
Drunken Flirting
Getting Together
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

