Work Text:

 Rule Number One in the Stark-Barnes Household; the dogs were never to be allowed outside with Tony unless they had fucked him recently.

 And then Loki had showed up at their door - Loki who had been Thor’s original owner briefly before he had moved into a building that didn’t allow pets. Loki and Tony had become friends, and every now and then they would get together and take the dogs out.

 But Tony had forgotten that this particular visit was scheduled, which meant that when Loki arrived at their doorstep, they were unprepared in accordance to their rule.

 It wasn’t so much a problem with Thor, who had in fact woken them up that morning by humping Tony’s thigh until he came, too eager to even wait for the genius to wake up enough to get in proper position to be fucked. Steve also wasn’t a variable in the predicament as he was spending the weekend with Bucky’s sisters - who had once shared ownership with the dog’s grandfather and continued to smother love on the Golden Retriever mix.

 But T’Challa….

 Tony had been unwilling to turn Loki away from time with his former pet and Bucky had been unwilling to risk sending Tony out alone with a potentially horny dog, and so the five of them had set out together.

 Which turned out to be a very good thing, in retrospect.

+++

 They were at the dog park together - together being relative, because Bucky wasn’t particular fond of Loki and the feeling was mutual, so while Tony and Bucky had split off to take an unusually aggressive T’Challa for a walk along the hiking trails around the park while Loki played with Thor in the open spaces.

 They didn’t typically leash their dogs when they could get away with it, and now counted as one of those times. Which meant it was at least partly their fault when T’Challa took off the trail and into the forest in chase of a squirrel.

 Bucky and Tony ran after him, trampling through the brush until they caught up with their unusually energetic Great Dane in a small clearing some thirty yards away from the trail they had been following.

 “Jesus, boy,” Tony panted, a grimace crossing his lips as he stretched awkwardly. “What’s gotten into you?”

 T’Challa responded by jumping at Tony and ruthlessly licking his face, much to Tony’s amusement. With the change in position, however, Bucky quickly realized the answer to Tony’s question. He could see the spot of pink poking down between T’Challa’s legs.

 Eyes widening he quickly looked around them, taking triple stock of their settings; if the situation kept escalating in the pattern it was currently heading, then it was of utmost importance that nobody be around to see anything. It was unnecessary of course. They were entirely off the path now, and the clearing they’d found themselves in was surrounded by thick foliage and underbrush, which would provide a good cover if they needed it.

 Bucky heard an, “Oof!” and turned around to see that Tony had been knocked on his ass by the large dog, who took the opportunity Tony’s new height presented to begin attempting to lick into the genius’ mouth. “Ugh,” Tony garbled inelegantly when a rough tongue was suddenly thrust onto his own as T’Challa jumped onto his lap. Tony managed to get his hands in front of him and pushed back on T’Challa’s chest enough so that he could get a full breath into his lungs before the dog pushed back in for more kisses.

 Bucky chuckled to himself another cautionary glance at their surroundings; they were isolated. Which was becoming a more beneficial necessity with every passing second.

 Secure enough that they wouldn’t be caught, Bucky turned back to Tony and the Great Dane with a teasing smirk on his lips. T’Challa’s cock was steadily slipping out of its sheath as he almost aggressively licked at Tony’s face and mouth despite the sputtered indignities spilling from his owner’s lips.

 “He’s pretty insistent, isn’t he, Tony?” Bucky mused thoughtfully. “Almost desperate.” He faked a critiquing look and surveyed the scene before him. “Have you not been taking good care of all of yours studs, Tony?” he asked condescendingly.

 Tony gave him a wounded look, but Bucky could tell by his eyes that he was starting to feel the mood of the scenario. After all, at their hearts, Tony and Bucky were deviants. But they were also upstanding citizens, which meant that some kinks had to be kept carefully out of sight. Which was contradictory and impossible if said kink was exhibitionism.

 Which Bucky knew for a fact Tony loved.

 The two of them had had sex in public before - in restaurant bathrooms and shadowy corners in clubs and even on park benches before - but never with the dogs. Dogs didn’t generally have the finesse it took to pull it off.

 But this place, Bucky thought, was perfect. It was secluded; they wouldn’t be caught. But it was still in the open to an extent - it was still risky, still devious.

 Tony’s pupils were swelling rapidly.

 “He wouldn’t fuck me yesterday, Bucky,” he whined, high in hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
mentioned
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Bestiality
T'Challa is a Dog
Thor is a Dog
Steve is a dog
Bottom Tony
Established Relationship
Bucky and Tony are still human
and are in a loving relationship
Knotting
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Creampie
Sex Toys
Butt Plugs
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Dirty Talk
Ass to Mouth
Dildos
cock gag
Name-Calling
Slut Shaming
Cock Slut
Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Public Blow Jobs
Come Swallowing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
mentioned
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/T'Challa

