Work Text:

Natasha Romanoff was a spy, first and foremost. 
 
She prided herself in her abilities to read people and 

always

 choose the winning side. But something about Anthony Edward Stark messed with her instincts, made her second guess herself. He unsettled her, with his perfect masks and unflappable demeanor. He acted like diamond but shattered like glass, and it confused her. And Natasha Romanoff hated being confused.
 
When the Civil War came, Natasha started on Tony’s side. She figured that he knew what he was doing; after all, he had been in politics his whole life, one way or another. But at the airport, she made a fatal miscalculation: she bet against Tony Stark. She threw her lot in with Steve, and she left Tony behind with a crack about his ego.
 
Unsurprisingly, Tony won their little spat. It wasn’t a victory he wanted, hell, she wouldn’t want that kind of victory, but it was the one he got (

not the one he deserved

, an insidious voice in her head whispered. 

He deserved better than you

). She, along with the other Rogue Avengers, were whisked off to Wakanda by Steve, who had come back from Siberia down a shield and his best friend’s arm. He refused to say what happened, which made Natasha’s spy instincts go crazy. Against her better judgement (again), she ignored them.
 
And, oh, was that a mistake.
 
But Wakanda had made it easy to become complacent, little sheep following the leader. Vitriol against Tony was the same as pleasant conversation, and she was as guilty as the rest. She made cracks about his ego, his daddy issues (which had earned her a reprimand from Steve, because he somehow thought Howard was a good man), and his wealth, while ignoring all of the good he had done for her and the rest. She nodded when Wanda called him a murderer, even though she knew, she 

knew

, that it hadn’t been Tony’s bomb that had killed her parents. She laughed when Clint mocked the man for his wealth and ignored the pit in her stomach that told her that they had all been fine with his “blood money” when they wanted things. She agreed when Steve called him selfish, careless, not a team player, even though Natasha could attest to those things being patently untrue (he had taken in all of them, the ticking time bomb that was the Avengers, without complaint. How could a man like that be selfish?).
 
When Tony reappeared after Siberia, bloodied and bruised, arc reactor firmly back in place, he condemned her along with the rest. Her betrayal, she knew, was more personal to him than Sam’s or Clint’s.
 
Because they had been 

friends

.
 
Tony had been the one Natasha opened up to, and she had been the one who promised to always have his back. He gave her a 

home

, and she threw it away to follow some half-cocked American flag on a mission to burn the world down for one man.
 
She could see in his (many, too many) media appearances the exhaustion that clung to him like a dear friend (his closest friend, except maybe the bottle. Had he started drinking again after she left? She wouldn't blame him if he did) the toll that the Accords had taken on Tony. He was fighting alone, she figured. 
 
Another miscalculation. He was not alone. 
 
Tony had secured pardons for all of them, even Barnes, when he was ready, so they could come back to the US. They weren’t allowed to do anything internationally until they signed the Accords, because Tony wasn’t a miracle worker. Natasha knew this, and she still joined with the others in their saying that he hadn’t done enough to make up for his crimes. That he threw them in the Raft, he should pay for that by solving all their problems. She bashed the man who was once her friend and shoved down the twinges of guilt. Spies had no room for guilt (guilt was  weakness, and there was no room for weaknesses in the Red Room). 
 
Tony had met them at their airport when they returned from Wakanda. His eyes were hidden behind his trademark shades, but there was no hiding the glow in his chest. Steve had a look of regret on his face, but it passed so quickly into anger that she doubted that it was ever there. 
 
“I thought he had the reactor taken out,” Clint said quietly from behind her. Steve flinched, almost imperceptibly.
 
“Me too,” their leader said, sounding (lost) angry.
 
“I see you’re all here,” Tony- no, this was 

Mr. Stark

, the renowned businessman who could shut anyone down with a single word- said coolly. “You’ve read your pardons, I assume. Since you’ve already signed, they are legally binding and you are to follow them to the letter. Or don’t, and give me a reason to throw you to the wolves. Your living area in the Compound is much the same. Any questions?”
 
“Why are you so petty?” Wanda screeched, red magic coalescing at her fingertips and shooting towards Tony. 
 
“Strike one,” Tony deadpanned, as the red tendrils were devoured by gold. “Stay out of my head, Maximoff. Or you won’t like the consequences.”
 
“Tony,” Steve pleaded. “Don’t pick on Wanda unnecess
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
IronStrange
Team Iron Man
Sassy Stephen
Protective Stephen Strange
BAMF Stephen Strange
not team Cap friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
POV Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Feels

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

