Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter mindlessly tapped his pen on the edge of the desk he was seated at as his Spanish teacher droned on about conjunctions. It was Wednesday and the school day couldn't end fast enough, Mr Stark promised him they could spend the evening in the lab tinkering with his webshooters and he couldn't wait."Peter….Peter! Are you even listening to me?" Peter was startled back to the present by the sharp tone of his teacher, he looked down blushing as everyone turned to stare at him."Lo siento, ¿puedes repetir la pregunta por favor?" He asks cheeks burning as his classmates tittered around him.The teacher repeated the question and he mumbled back a response quickly to avoid further attention. No attention was better than the wrong sort after all.Minutes later his spidey-sense tingled which he reluctantly ignored due to being in class and as he expected seconds later a ball of paper hit him on the back of the head. Reaching down he picked it up surreptitiously to avoid another reprimand from his teacher and flattened it out. He drew in a breath, he shouldn’t have been surprised really, he had known it would be from Flash,  the paper on his desk sported a crudely drawn picture of a boy in frayed trousers, a slightly too short on the arms sweater and surrounded by books with tears running down his cheeks. The words 'Poor Penis Parker' framed the drawing and he didn't need to turn around to know it was Flash sniggering behind him. Flushing he angrily scrunched the paper back up and dropped it into his bag to throw away later. Studiously ignoring the boy and his gang of morons laughing behind him he continued to note down his teachers words, determined not to let the boy see how his taunt had affected him. Showing weakness would just make everything worse, of that he was certain.Only ten more minutes until lunch, he thought to himself, then another two classes and I can go to the tower. His stomach was in pain from hunger and all he could think about was getting his lunch, breakfast seemed so long ago. Stupid spider metabolism. As soon as the bell rang he grabbed his bag and rushed out determined to meet Ned and join the lunch queue as quickly as possible. So focussed on looking for Ned in the sea of students crowding the corridor he was taken by surprise when a harsh shove pushed him sideways into some lockers. Shocked he turned to see Flash grinning at him and unconsciously curled in on himself slightly gripping his bag tightly."Please Flash I don't have time for this, just let me get my lunch, leave me alone" he told the bigger boy tiredly.The boy's smile became predatory as he leered over Peter."You know, I don't think I will Penis" he replied and turning to address his friends continued, "You know what boys? I'm feeling really hungry today what about you?"Dread pooled in Peter's stomach already knowing what was coming even before they all agreed with Flash. Quicker than Peter expected he was punched hard in the stomach and had to drop his bag in fear of someone suspecting something was afoot. After all if this had happened before Spiderman he was certain he would have been in tears by this point. He would let himself be the victim to prevent someone else being in his place but he refused to give Flash the satisfaction of making him cry. So, he curled up in a ball to cover his stomach, to be fair despite being Spiderman he could still have the wind knocked out of him, it was still unpleasant. He so wished he could just hit him back but he couldn’t, right now he wasn't Spiderman he was poor, useless Peter Parker and had to act like he would have a year ago, before he was bitten. As he clutched his stomach he heard the others grab at his ratty bag and open it emptying the contents all over the floor. He saw his blue meal ticket which gave him a free lunch flutter towards the ground and reached out a hand to grab it but was beaten to it by Flash."Oooh thanks Penis," he jeered. "I think I'll take this, you'll have to go buy yourself something."Gritting his teeth Peter ignored the taunt. Everyone knew blue tickets were for people that got free school lunches, so Flash knew by taking it away he wouldn’t be able to eat. He also knew Flash knew he was on a scholarship, this school was expensive but assholes like Flash didn’t understand, would never understand.He flinched as a hand came down to rest on his shoulder."Only me."He turned and smiled up at Ned who quickly helped him pick up his things which were strewn all over the hallway."Sorry I got held up in biology, you can have some of my lunch if you want" The larger boy offered with a sad smile.Mumbling his thanks Peter pulled himself up self-consciously dusting himself off. He entered the cafeteria to a shout of thanks from Flash who was grinning like an idiot as he bit into a burger, another in his other hand."Ignore him, he's an idiot" Ned murmured to him as he pulled Peter towards their normal table.Nodding absently but still upset at the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Family Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Spanking
Domestic Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Peter Parker is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

