Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thumbing through the ancient magazine before tossing it aside in favor of jiggling one leg nervously, fingers plucking at the edge of his shirt, Bucky contemplated whether there was a company who specialized in creating magazines so boring they could hold no one’s attention, ever. After a lifetime of endless hours spent in doctor’s offices, repair shops, and the worst of the worst, the DMV, he was convinced such a company must exist. Because Bucky had yet to flip through a magazine in any of the aforementioned locations that didn’t put him into some sort of comatose state. Clearly, this company must be making a killing.            Refusing to acknowledge that his lack of attention to the admittedly lackluster reading material just might have something to do with the nerves coursing through his veins, Bucky chewed restlessly on his bottom lip as he glanced around the clinic waiting room he was currently waiting in, suspended in some sort of time warp limbo.            As far as waiting rooms went, it was actually fairly nice. The walls painted a lovely blue, interesting and colorful art hung in simple frames, plenty of sunlight poured in through large windows, and thriving plants tucked in corners made it surprisingly atmospheric yet relaxing. Or it would be, if Bucky didn’t feel on the edge of an anxiety attack. Because it wasn’t the pictures on the walls that had caught his attention, but rather the Omega sitting several plush chairs away, the Alpha sitting beside her rubbed the large curve of her stomach and whispered quiet things that had her beaming, love and pride practically radiating off of her.            Fingers abandoning the hem of his shirt in favor of pressing over the flat, firmly muscled planes of his own stomach, Bucky flinched when the Omega looked up, and sent him a smile that was both supportive and understanding. Tearing his gaze away from the sight that filled him with a longing so sharp it was painful, Bucky flushed, and stared down at his shoes instead.            He’d known when he’d made this decision, after years of agonizing indecision, that the results would be anything but simple. The mechanics of getting what he so desperately wanted aside, the stigma he was openly inviting wouldn’t be pleasant. Despite the advances in the last several decades that had been made regarding Omega rights, some things had not, and may never change. Unmated Omega parents were subtly if not openly discriminated against, for daring to have babies without the “support” that they were supposed to be depend on from an Alpha. As though their designation alone made them incapable of taking care of themselves, much less the babies they were perfectly designed to bear.            Bucky knew the disgrace associated with being a single parent was fucking nonsense. Not only had he personally seen examples of incredible single parents, he had enough faith in himself to know that while he wouldn’t be perfect, because no one was, he’d do his best by his baby, and love it enough to make up for any honest mistakes he might make. Though he didn’t look forward to the idea of being scorned, it wasn’t the prospect of the snide remarks that would surely come his way that had something very near to panic trembling through his body. It was the fact that Bucky didn’t want to be a single parent.            “Mr. Barnes?”            Jolting at the sound of his name, Bucky looked up to see the pretty woman standing in a crisp lab coat, gesturing him forward. Following her down a hall, then into an office that was as warmly decorated as the waiting room, rather than a sterile examination room full of medical equipment and the dreaded stirrups, Bucky felt his shoulder relax slightly despite his nerves.            They lowered a fraction more at the warm smile the small Omega sent him. “Mr. Barnes, I’m Dr. Wanda Maximoff. We spoke on the phone when you first made your appointment. It’s a pleasure to meet you,” she spoke in a sweetly accented voice, the blatant kindness in her a balm to his frayed nerves.            Clearing his throat, which had been threatening to close on him all morning, he managed to reply, “It’s Bucky.”            Her smile brightened at that. “Bucky then. Welcome to the Hope Fertility Clinic. Today, what I would like to do is explain the process of going through our artificial insemination process. As our website states, we accommodate both Omegas who would like to choose from anonymous donors, or those who wish to use sperm from their Alphas. Do you know which option you would prefer to use? If there is an Alpha who will be involved in this process?” she prompted delicately, but Bucky flushed all the same.            “Ah, it’s, ah, just me.” Just me. An expression that encompassed the first thirty years of his life, and he feared, the remainder of it. The very reason why he, a man who would not prefer to be a single parent, was now beginning the expensive and emotionally fraught p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Pining
Slow Burn
Male Pregnancy
Pregnant Bucky Barnes
Artificial Insemination
Light Angst
Eventual Smut
Knotting
Bonding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

