Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey, kid?” Tony asks, looking over at Peter, who is sat in the corner of the lab doing some homework. Peter looks up and over at Tony.“Yeah, Mr Stark?” Last he knew Mr Stark had been working on a new suit, or updating Peter’s current one. Tony hesitates for a second before speaking again.“May called earlier.” Tony starts then, seeing the panicked worried look on Peters face, he continues. “She’s okay, but, she said she can’t make your parents evening this week. She’s been asked to work an extra shift.” Tony decides to ease the kid in. He told May he’d go but he knows the kid will hate the idea.“Oh. Okay.” Peter says, looking slightly disappointed. This would be the third parents evening he’d have to go to alone because May has had to work. He’d been expecting it, honestly, but it still hurts his chest slightly. He has been looking forward to showing her his science work.“You okay, Pete?” Tony doesn’t like the disappointment that’s clear on Peters face.“Yeah. I was expecting it. It’s just- it’s nothing, Mr. Stark.” Peter says with a small sigh.“It’s just what?” Tony asks.“It’s nothing, it’s fine.”“May’s really sorry, kid.” Tony says, walking over to stand next to Peter’s chair.“I know.” He says, looking back down at his physics homework. He’s lost the motivation he had to do it.“Come on. Take a break from that, yeah? We can go watch a movie.” Tony suggests and Peter shrugs.“That’s okay, Mr. Stark. I know you’re busy. I’m gonna go get a drink, if that’s okay.” He mutters before standing up.“I’m not busy, Pete. I’ll be up in a second, let me just put this away.” Tony says and Peter nods, walking out of Tony’s lab and over to the elevator. Peter goes up to the common area and as he walks through the door he freezes. The avengers, as in, the actual avengers, well some of them, are sat on the sofas casually chatting. As in the ACTUAL FREAKING AVENGERS. Peter is freaking out right now! Just before he starts hyperventilating, however, Steve, Bucky, Clint and Natasha notice him. They jump up and immediately enter fight mode. Steve grabs his shield from next to the sofa and Natasha and Clint rush round to stand intimidatingly in front of Peter.“Who are you and how did you get in here?” Bucky asks, as him and Steve join the other two, his voice low and dangerous. Peter frowns, they were trying to kill Tony last he heard. Suddenly he feels protective over his mentor.“Why are you here?” Peter asks accusingly. Natasha immediately grabs an arm, Steve grabbing Peters other one.“We’re asking the questions kid. Why are you here?” Steve asks just as the elevator sounds and the door opens.“Hey kid, I forgot to warn you about-“ Tony walks in looking at his Starkpad and is interrupted by Peter.“MR. STARK!” He calls nervously, making Tonys gaze snap to him.“WHATS GOING ON?!” Tony asks, noticing the interrogation. He walks over and pulls Peter away from the Avengers, glaring at them as he pulls Peter so he's slightly behind him.“Well this kid came in and we-“ Clint is cut off by Tony.“-thought you’d interrogate my kid in my living room? Why did you go straight to interrogation?” He’s getting angry, Peter can tell, but his heart still flutters when Tony says Peter is his kid.“Well we- wait, your kid?” Natasha asks and the other avengers also look shocked.“Alright, this meeting was not meant to go this way, but everyone, this is Peter, he’s my intern and if any of you lay a hand on him again I’ll kill you all.” Tony says, wrapping his arm around Peters shoulders. Peter is still in shock so he leans against Tony’s side for support, his hand gripping the back of Tony's shirt.“Tony Stark has a kid?” Bucky asks, not directing the question at anyone in particular.“Well- he’s not my, technically he isn’t, he’s not, he’s my intern.” Tony stutters and Peters heart deflates a little. Suddenly all eyes are on him and he shrinks further into Tony. He’s still bummed about Aunt May missing parents evening and his emotions are on overdrive as it is and he just wants a glass of water and to take a nap.“Listen kid I’m sorry about that.” Steve says, looking quite guilty, and Peter shrugs. He wonders how Steve would react if he ever found out Peter is the one he threw an airport at if he's guilty about raising his voice at him.“It’s okay, Mr. Rogers.” He mutters, still managing to sound polite and respectful despite not knowing if he should hate the avengers in front of him, and as he speaks he realises that his mouth is so dry. Tony frowns down at Peter before remembering the whole reason the kid wanted to come up here.“Alright well, let’s go get you a drink kid.” Tony says, ushering Peter over to the kitchen with his hands on Peters shoulders, leaving the avengers standing by the door in shock. Peter calms down when he’s away from the others and when Tony hands him a glass of water he downs it, feeling himself relax.“I’m sorry kid, I forgot to warn you they were here.” Tony says softly and Peter takes a deep breath once 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Irondad and Spiderson - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
IronDad and SpiderSon
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
the avengers find out about peter parker
Tony Stark is a Good Dad

fandom: 
Irondad and Spiderson - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

