Chapter 1: Alpha/Beta/Omega AU
    




Chapter Text


Stephen squeezed the sheets of his bed tightly between his fingers and toes as he arched up off the bed. His body was on fire even with the goosebumps that were covering his skin. His hair was plastered to his sweating face as his hips rocked up into the air, slick gushing down his legs as the feeling of emptiness was overwhelming.“Whoaa!” Tony cried out as he was pushed through a sudden portal that appeared in Stephen’s room. The Cloak of Levitation waving at Stephen from the other side as it closed, clearly working with Wong help Tony reach Stephen.“Tony… Alpha.” Stephen mewled as his head spun as he got a solid whiff of Tony’s powerful Alpha scent. Tony looked up, his eyes turning Alpha red in response to the scent of the Omega in heat.“Stephen, you’re in heat. Why didn’t you call me?” Tony all but jumped to his feet and hurried over to Stephen’s side. He put his hand on Stephen’s forehead, the Omega keening at the touch as he arched his head back offering his throat.“Omega, why didn’t you call me?” Tony let some of his Alpha voice color his tone and Stephen whimpered as he looked up at Tony, his eyes glowing Omega gold.“Didn’t want to worry you Alpha, never been with an Omega in their heat before, didn’t want to force you.” Stephen was surprised he was able to get coherent words out with his heat coursing through his veins and Tony’s Alpha pheromones only increasing his need to be knotted and claimed.“Oh Stephen, will you let me help you? I don’t want to have you suffer and I can control myself if you can believe.” Tony chuckled as he carded his fingers through the Omega’s damp hair.“Please Tony, I want you, please Alpha.” Stephen felt his head going fuzzy as his heat recognized the Alpha’s interest in mating with him and responded in kind.“Shh, I’ll take good care of you my brave, wonderful Omega.” Tony quickly shed his clothes and climbed onto the bed. Stephen parted his legs wide to allow Tony to slot between them and he rubbed his aching cock against the Alpha’s half-hard length.“Alpha,” Stephen whimpered as Tony took his leaking cock in hand and began to stroke him. Tony smiled and leaned up to join their lips together, allowing Stephen to wildly thrust up into his hand, searching for his orgasm. Stephen cried out, nails clawing at the sheets below him as he came only moments later, cum coating the Alpha’s hand. Stephen collapsed against the bed, chest heaving as his orgasm toned down the insanity of his heat.“You look beautiful like this Stephen,” Tony crooned as he petted Stephen’s left thigh while he lifted his cum coated hand up to his mouth. Tony moaned wantonly as he licked his fingers clean of the Omega’s release. Stephen felt his cheeks burn but not from the heat but at the sight of Tony savoring the taste of his cum.Stephen shifted as he felt another gush of slick rush out of his clenching hole; the sight of the Alpha doing that was too much for him at this moment in time.“You’re getting so wet Omega, I wonder if you taste good down here as well.” Tony winked as he grasped Stephen by the thighs and yanked the Omega into a new position. Stephen moaned at the obvious display of Alpha strength, his legs were draped over Tony’s shoulders and the Alpha was nosing at Stephen’s thigh.“Alpha, oh!” Stephen dug his extending nails into the mattress beside him as Tony swiped his tongue over his sensitive hole.“Tasty,” Tony winked as he turned his attention to the Omega’s slick dripping hole. Stephen tossed an arm over his eyes, whining as Tony lapped at his hole, chin and lips becoming wet with Stephen’s slick.Stephen wailed loudly when Tony shoved his tongue into the Omega’s loose hole. Tony curled his fingers tightly around Stephen’s twitching legs as he twisted his tongue and made sure to suck at the softening rim. He loved performing oral on his partner’s no matter what they were, but eating out an Omega in their heat was a new experience and Tony loved every moment of it.Tony looked up to gauge to see if Stephen loved it as much as Tony was and smiled. Stephen was hard again, his body was flush and his mouth was slack. His arm was covering his eyes as he gasped for air. Tony dove back in with gusto, determined to make the Omega come at least once more. Stephen keened so loud it made Tony’s ears ache a bit when the Alpha’s tongue pressed against that nub of nerves inside of him that made the Omega see stars.Tony risked looking up again and pulled away from Stephen’s sloppy hole with a lewd pop once he saw that Stephen’s cock was flaccid and resting in a small pool of his own cum.“How do you feel Stephen?” Tony asked as he gently lowered the Omega back onto the bed, his own cock hard as steel between his thighs but he was focused on the Omega lying below him.“Good Tony, empty but good.” Stephen smiled hazily at the Alpha, reaching out for him absently. Tony laced their fingers together and pressed a kiss to the top of Stephen’s scar covered han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

freeform: 
101 Kinks
IronStrange
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Dom/sub
Switch Tony Stark
Switch Stephen Strange
Size Queen Stephen
enabler Tony Stark
Dom Stephen Strange
Sub Tony Stark
Sub Stephen Strange
Dom Tony Stark
Sex Slave AU
Threesome
Public Sex
bdsm club
courtesan/Hooker
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Stephen Strange Has a Big Dick
Professional Dom Stephen Strange
Tags In Each Chapter
Consensual Underage Sex
thigh fucking

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

