Work Text:
Things had changed a lot since Steve had come out of the ice. The future was complicated. There were good things and positive changes, but Steve still missed the simplicity of the past sometimes. There were no aliens back then, or none he knew about. Magic didn’t exist either. The war had been about a simple goal, but in a spy agency, there were no simple, cut and dry goals.Natasha and Clint were trying to teach him to be more like a spy, but he was a soldier at heart and it was hard to shake that way of life. Thor, for all that he was from another planet, had a similar outlook. Simple plans and obvious enemies to take out - but spies, double-agents, hidden agendas and political agendas, it all made Steve’s head spin.He’d never dealt with that side of things during the war.Rumlow was helpful. He explained the current tactics used by soldiers and trained with him. Steve always felt a little more at ease when Rumlow and the Strikeforce were helping the Avengers. But, there was little anyone on Earth could do when magic was involved. There was a witch terrorizing the city. She’d even managed to find Bruce Banner and was manipulating his alter ego for maximum destruction and carnage.Steve had to hope that this new Asgardian would be able to help them. Thor had sent word to Asgard to have his brother come to Earth and assist them. They were waiting in the conference room for the second prince to arrive. Thor was shifting in his seat, barely able to keep still as he regaled them with stories of his brother’s battle prowess and magic--or ‘seidr’, as Thor called it. Hill and Natasha seemed to be the only two who were listening; likely cataloguing Loki’s strengths and weaknesses in battle.Thor was just wrapping up a tale about a giant wolf when the doors opened and Fury walked in followed by two men. There was a thin, tall and regal man in black and green leather with gold accents. His black hair was shoulder length and flicked out at the sides. His green eyes were sharp and calculating. A shorter man was beside him, wearing black, gold and brown. There were small flourishes of red as well. His brunet hair was spiked while an artfully styled goatee was around his mouth. His eyes were just as sharp, but they were also warm. A smile caught at his mouth, and Steve could imagine bright, blinding grins were common for him.“Loki!” Thor greeted enthusiastically. It surprised Steve when the one Thor hugged was the taller, dark-haired Asgardian. Steve would have thought his brother was the other man.The second prince grimaced at the hug and grudgingly patted his brother’s back. “Hello, Thor.”Thor pulled back and turned his smile on the short brunet. He gripped his shoulder in a warrior embrace. “Anthony! You have come as well!”“I couldn’t let you princes have all the fun,” Anthony teased. Thor beamed, while Loki sent the smaller Aesir an amused smirk.“We are sure to win the battle now! With Loki’s spells and your weapons, this witch shall stand no chance!”“I would not compliment her to call her a true witch,” Loki drawled. “The little I have heard shows she is an abomination; a corruption of the craft through the use of an Infinity Stone.”“I’m more concerned about the one’s she’s manipulating,” Anthony murmured, his gaze turning dark. “He’s not going to fare well when he comes out of it.” The second prince and Anthony shared a look; a silent communication going on that Steve couldn’t interpret but could understand. It sent a sharp, fresh ache through his chest as he remembered Bucky. They used to be able to communicate just as wordlessly.“We want to sever that connection as much as you,” Fury told the Asgardians. “Banner is innocent in this, but right now, our priority is capturing and containing Maximoff.”“I suppose there is no time to waste,” Loki drawled, something in his voice setting Steve’s teeth on edge. It was almost... mocking, and he could see Clint imperceptibly stiffen as well. He wasn’t the only one on edge.Loki stepped forward and pulled out a chair. Anthony sat down beside him, and Thor took a position next to his brother. Looking at them together, Steve could see hundreds of years worth of familiarity and friendship.It hurt, but he pushed it aside. He wouldn’t think about Bucky and how much he missed his friend, not when they had a job to do.
It didn’t take long for the Avengers as a whole to decide Loki was the lesser of the two princes. He was sarcastic, rude, arrogant and had no time for any of them. He also didn’t hide the fact he thought mortals were ‘beneath him’. If they didn’t need him for his magic, Steve was sure they would have politely asked that he get sent back to Asgard. Anthony, by comparison, was friendly, charming and personable. Everyone liked him, especially when it became obvious that any technology placed in front of him, he could use it within minutes. The scientists from SHIELD were tripping over their feet to talk to him.Steve had only spoken to him a few times, but he liked
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 1.000-5.000
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Asgardian Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Steve Rogers-centric
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Minor Loki/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

