Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter stumbled when he released his webbing and landed on the roof, hopping a bit forward and nearly face planting. He stood still for several seconds, willing the exhaustion induced dizziness and nausea away, praying that the meager contents of his stomach would settle before he had to get home. He groaned when he was finally able to straighten, twisting to try and ease sore muscles from the fight he’d just had with Doc Ock. That guy was always a bitch to fight, even more so when he was running on practically no sleep. It was late, nearly two and he had planned on studying for finals which would be going on for the next week or so but he was also grateful beyond belief that it was Saturday, which meant he could possibly, actually sleep in a little, if he could actually get to sleep. The tingle of his Spidey sense went off, not the danger warning but more of the you’re not alone one and Peter turned, already knowing who it would be before Deadpool swung himself up over the ledge and onto the roof. “Hey,” he said, rubbing at a tender spot on his ribs where the villain had gotten a good shot in, “thanks for the help.” “No problemo, baby boy. You good?” “Yeah.” Peter paused, stretching his arms over his head. “Just…tired.” He raised an eyebrow at the way Deadpool was staring at him. “Wade? You good?” “Yeah, I’m definitely good. Anything to keep all that undamaged.” He leered when he said it and Peter was constantly amazed that those facial expressions showed through the mask. He snorted, used to that sort of thing. “Right. Well, I’m going to go home, and hopefully sleep for at least a day.” “Aw, come on Spidey! The night is still young. I know a twenty four hour diner that isn’t a total trash heap nearby. My treat.” The new expression was hopeful, and Peter hesitated for a moment, despite how tired he was. Thing was, he liked hanging out with Wade, and they’d been doing that more and more often lately. He liked Wade. It had taken a while for that to happen, but it had, and Peter was a little worried about what he was pretty sure was a forming crush. He recognized the feelings. They weren’t the hero worshiping crushes he’d had on guys like Bruce or Tony, more like the ones he’d developed on Gwen or MJ based more on who they really were. So, he hesitated. It helped that he had eaten pretty much nothing all day and was pretty sure he had nothing edible but Ramen Noodles at his apartment. “No masks?” He requested after a moment, moving towards the backpack he usually kept on this roof because it was usually where he and Wade met up after they patrolled together. It was weird, showing up at a restaurant in his full Spider-Man suit and Deadpool knew his identity now, had figured it out not long after Tony had. It was actually kind of ridiculous. Peter had gone years with the only person to have ever found out being Gwen, and then he’d made friends with the Avengers and that had changed. It was better, though. He trusted Wade, and it wasn’t as if he could ever actually get the other man killed. Not like Gwen. He frowned slightly at the old familiar pang. It had been years but he still felt it every time. “Oh, you can wear whatever you want, baby,” Wade said, and Peter could see his brow wiggling through the mask. Peter rolled his eyes and pulled a hoodie and jeans out, putting them over his suit, pulling off his mask last to stuff it in the bag. Wade didn’t. Of course he didn’t. Peter had only seen Wade without the mask a few times and he was horribly self conscious about his scars. Peter had tried, really he had, to get him to feel more comfortable about it, told him that they didn’t bother Peter, and they didn’t, at least not in the vain way. It bothered him what might have happened to Wade for him to have those sorts of scars when he could re-grow limbs and heal from pretty much any wound but he wasn’t grossed out or horrified or any of those sorts of things that Wade liked to say when he balked at taking off the mask. Still, he didn’t want to make Wade uncomfortable. So… “Food?” He asked, after he’d slipped on his tennis shoes. Alkjdslkjsk Peter kind of felt like he was floating he was so tired. He trudged his way up the stairs to his apartment, not trusting the elevator that broke down all the time. He was full, at least, for the first time in a while and it was making him even more sleepy. He got into his apartment and kicked the door shut behind him, almost immediately collapsing on his couch as soon as he was close enough. He should probably get up. His bed was a twin, and the mattress was kind of old but it was still more comfortable than the couch. That would require energy, however, and now that he was lying flat, any energy he’d had fled. He dropped off to sleep. He was pretty soundly asleep so he didn’t hear it when the door knob turned. However, his powers wouldn’t let him sleep through it. No matter how deeply asleep he was, that sense of danger, that tingle that went up his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Hurt/Comfort
College Student Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson/Harry Potter

