Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It was a normal day in the lab for Tony.
And, yes, ok, that meant he was hiding, kind of in plain sight since he was in the lab at work, from anybody who had something to put on his schedule: his lovely PA, Pepper, his partner and mentor, Obie, his best friend, Rhodey (Rhodes if you want to be professional, but Tony rarely did), or just about anybody else with an agenda and/or a need for mass-produced, top-of-the-line tech. Usually weapons. It was sort of the company's specialty.
Tony's lab time was something he considered to be very sacred. He blasted music as loud as he could stand it, set his AI, JARVIS, to screen and block any disruptions, and worked almost tirelessly, at least until he had been awake long enough that he started seeing double or thought that 2+2 was 13.
So when JARVIS turned his music off he was a little miffed.
“JARVIS, honey, what have I said about turning my music off-”
“Sorry, sir, but Miss Potts has been trying to reach you for fifteen minutes and overrode my Do Not Disturb setting,” JARVIS replied, at least managing to sound a little sheepish thanks to Tony's flawless programming.
Tony sighed and set aside his tools, stepping away from his half-finished project. “All right, fine. Patch her through.”
“Tony,” Pepper's exasperated voice said through the speaker.
“Miss Potts,” Tony said with his best “I am completely innocent” voice. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“You're lucky I don't have time for a lecture,” Pepper said sternly. “I need you to come to my office right now, there's a bit of a situation.”
“Didn't I hire you to deal with those so I don't have to?”
“Not this one,” Pepper said. “There is absolutely nothing about this that you can pass off on me.”
Uhhh ohhh, Tony's brain thought helpfully.
“Um, why?”
“Because,” Pepper said, starting to sound impatient, “Mary Fitzpatrick from our research department in New York is outside. She says she needs to talk to you.”
That didn't sound like something Tony couldn't pass off. “And?”
“She's pregnant.”
Tony blanched. “Uh, I don't- wait. You said Mary? From New York?”
“Yes, Tony, Mary Fitzpatrick. New York R&D.”
“Pregnant,” Tony repeated, his voice lowering to a whisper.
“Four months.”
Four months... New York... Mary...
Stark Industries holiday party.
“Oh, no,” Tony groaned out loud.
“What?” Pepper sounded suspicious. “Wait. Maybe you shouldn't tell me.”
Tony swallowed; his mouth suddenly felt drier than the worst cotton mouth he'd ever had.
“Let her in, I'll be right down.”
---
Tony all but ran to Pepper's office. When he got there, he flung the door open to see a woman in one of the chairs in front of Pepper's desk, her back to him. At the sound of the door, she turned to face him, looking a lot more embarrassed than most of the women who claimed they were having his baby.
“Mr. Stark,” Mary said, moving to stand in greeting, but as soon as Tony caught a glimpse of the small bump protruding subtly over the top of her professional skirt, he gestured quickly for her to sit back down.
Tony cleared his throat nervously. “Miss, uh, Fitzpatrick.”
“Mary,” she corrected, her face a little pink. “Please.”
“Mary,” Tony repeated.
Pepper stood up. “Have a seat, Tony. I believe you two have some talking to do.”
Tony sat in the other chair facing Pepper, feeling less like a businessman and more like a child in the principal's office.
Mary took a deep breath. “Before you suggest I'm lying, I just want to say that there's no way this baby isn't yours, Mr. Stark,” she said. “I've been seeing someone for over a year, but in the time frame of, um, conception, we were on a three-month break. You were the only, um. You know.”
Pepper stared at Tony with a look on her face that seemed to scream “this is all your fault”.
She was probably technically right.
Not about Mary and her boyfriend being on a break, obviously, but. The other stuff.
Tony cleared his throat again. “Right, so, what do you want? Money? An apology?”
Mary shook her head slowly. “I want you to consider something. Don't make a decision right here and now, really consider it. I'm sure this isn't on your agenda, probably never would have been, but Richard and I are in a tight place right now, we want to get married but I'm not so sure a baby is the best thing for us at this time, and it isn't even his, and that's putting a huge strain on our relationship not only with each other, but with our families-”
Tony thought he had a pretty good guess as to where this was going.
“-and you pay well, you really do, but we don't really have the money to raise a child, not to mention we don't really have time, and-” Mary stopped herself. “I'm so sorry, I'm rambling. Um... I was hoping... you might consider... keeping the baby yourself?”
Tony and Pepper were both rendered speechless, and Mary backtracked rapidly.
“I mean, honestly, I'm only asking you to think about it, I'm not trying to force you, if you say no I'll just have to put the baby in the system when they'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
that's a seriously weird tag it's like "um duh"
Medical Inaccuracies
no knowledge of how hospitals work i'm very sorry
ok listen there's language in this bc it's marvel but i don't swear so it's pretty tame
i could probably mark it as g for that but it's better to be safe than sorry
Precious Peter Parker
how else could i possibly tag this i've always been really bad at this part
this wasn't beta'd just so you know i edited it myself
Kid Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

