Chapter 1





Chapter Text
One day, that was all Tony had wanted. It had been a long week.No, hold that thought.

It had been a long year. And by some miraculous happening, Tony had the day off. There were no meetings Pepper was rushing him to, nothing was currently trying to destroy the world, the team was keeping a low profile at the compound, and the Spiderling was safe and sound. It was going to be a good day.Tony had slowly opened his eyes to the warm sunshine filling his room at the Tower. “FRIDAY, what time is it?” Tony asked as he stretched out in bed, yawning in a strange rare form of contentment.“It’s currently 9:03 in the morning, Boss. Should I start the coffee?” Tony closed his eyes again, pulling the blankets up around his shoulder and inhaled deeply. What was the rush? He hadn’t gotten to sleep till nine in ages.“I’m good, FRI. Let’s leave it for another hour. I think I’m gonna stay right here for a bit longer,” Tony decided as he closed his eyes again. It was the perfect day for absolutely nothing.The AI paused, not yet confirming Tony’s statement. The man was use to FRIDAY giving some kind of verbal response. A long second later Tony opened his eyes and waited. “Sir, May Parker is attempting to call. Would you like me take a message or would you like me to send her to your voicemail? Perhaps redirect her to Mr. Hogan?”Of course. Of course managing a day off wouldn’t be that simple. There was only one reason in the entire world May Parker would call him and that had everything to do with the kid. “Nope, patch her through,” Tony said as he sat up in bed, already throwing the blankets to the side and sitting up. That’s what he got for giving out his personal number to the woman.He never once regretted it though.“Tony?” May asked softly as soon as the call was connected. Already the man was up and searching for something to put on. He just wasn’t positive on if he’d be stepping into a suit or not.“Is he okay?” Tony asked, skipping the formalities. “I can be wherever he is in ten minutes.” He was throwing on pants and a shirt, followed by a pair of shoes. It was incredible how quickly Tony could get himself dressed. It all came with years of practice. And years of panic.“No, no, no,” May said quickly, he voice filling Tony’s bedroom. For a second Tony stopped, furrowing his brow in confusion. “Peter is fine. I do have a uh...well a bit of a situation that I was hoping you could help me with. It is about Peter but-he’s fine right now, he’s at school...I just need…” May stuttered out quickly and Tony could see where the kid got it from.“You sound like Pete after I gave him three cups of coffee,” Tony joked, slowing down to tie his shoes. Him and May had a complex relationship. Not exactly friends, certainly not enemies.It was more like a ‘you gave my underage kid the suit and now I expect you to take full responsibility for everything that happens to him’ relationship. But also a ‘we kind of have to work together on this if we want to see this kid make to graduation,’ relationship.“You gave Peter three cups of coffee?” May asked, taking on the unamused tone that Tony was used to. “Seriously? He’s fifteen, the last thing he needs is coffee.”“Relax May, it was only two!” Tony joked again and May huffed in frustration. “I’m kidding, no more coffee jokes. What’s wrong?”“I was actually wondering, now that we’re on the topic of coffee, if you could meet me for some. I just wanted to talk and I don’t think this is the kind of conversation you have over the phone,” She mumbled and Tony’s stomach twisted nervously.He didn’t like conversations that were too important to be held over the phone. Nothing good ever came of them. Knowing it was about Peter made it even worse. “I know you’re busy, I wouldn’t bother you if I didn’t need to. ”“Give me thirty minutes and I’ll be at the apartment. I hope you’ve got a whole pot ready,” Tony mumbled. He should have been thankful that he didn’t hear May silently agree to that whole pot of coffee.**
It was always a bit strange going to Peter’s home. It was completely different than the places Tony was accustomed to going. The two bedroom apartment was small but warm and welcoming. It smelt like spice and vanilla, probably from one of May’s many candles. It wasn’t like the modern carefully decorated tower Tony lived in. Nor was it like the avengers compound or the house in Malibu. It was a proper home and it felt like one too.“So what do I owe this lovely visit? Not that I don’t love seeing you,” Tony said with a cautious smile. He couldn’t think of any trouble Peter had gotten into lately. Karen hadn’t reported any injuries or unusual happenings. The kid was good at hiding things so Tony could never be too sure about it.He knew something was wrong just from the way May looked. Her actions were off, they were tight and planned and Tony felt out of his element. Because this wasn’t a criminal or a fugitive he was dealing with. It wasn’t a high official or a politician. It w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Cancer
Learning to be a parent
Attempt at Humor
Iron Dad
Spider-son

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

