Chapter 1: the meeting of a green ball of rage
    




Chapter Text
spooder-man  @NYCWallCrawler
just waiting for the sweet release of death
 
 
 
“Hey, Karen? How far do you think I can shoot my webs?” Peter flipped off of the webbed tightrope he had been walking on and landed on a rooftop below him.
 
Karen, his ever-faithful AI, replied, “You have 576 web combinations, should we test each one, Peter?”
 
“Uh, maybe not right now.” Pacing back and forth on the edge of the roof, he glanced out at the New York skyline. “Is there any crime happening around here?”
 
Just then, a loud crash echoed through the city.
 
“Well, that was perfect timing. Almost like we’re in a movie.” At that, Peter leapt off of the roof and swung towards the source of the sound. Or rather, into it.
 
Slamming into something hard, Peter sang Mmm Whatcha Say.
 
“Peter, that is the 61st time you have sang that in the last week alone. Do you want me to show you the full statistics?”


“It’s obligatory, Karen. You wouldn’t understand. Unless Ned reprogrammed it, he’s hacked into the suit before… Maybe he could teach you memes! Oh my god, that would be great! You could-” Suddenly realizing that he was being lifted into the air, Peter cut himself off.
 
“Mr. Hulk, sir! Maybe you could, uh, put me down?” Peter glanced up at the Hulk, sighing when he showed no signs of heeding Peter’s request.
 
“BABY AVENGER SPEAKS!” The Hulk happily shook his fists, with Peter still clenched in one.
 
“I’m not a baby-”
 
“HULK PROTECT BABY!” He tightened his grip on Peter, who was trying to wriggle his way out of the Hulk’s fist. Unfortunately, he had only succeeded in getting one arm out. It seemed to just be Parker Luck™️ that the police decided to show up and shoot at the Hulk. A poor decision, really.
 
“Uh, Karen? What are the odds that I’m going to be hit by one of those bullets?”
 
“According to my calculations, right now you have a 27.9% chance of getting hit, with a 5.4% chance of the bullet hitting a major organ. Every minute you stay here, it seems that number will increase 7%.”
 
“Oh. Is there anything you can do? Y’know, the upgrades and all.”
 
“Of course, Peter. Activating instant kill mode.”
 
“Deactivate! Karen, I told you no instant kill mode. What would I even use it on in this case? The bullets?” Peter let out a breathy laugh.
 
“Of course not. You would use it on the Hulk.”
 
“What? That’s just as bad! The Hulk gets his power through gamma radiation, which is nearly infinite- and when he’s angry, he’ll continue to absorb it, gaining even more power! These bullets are just making him angrier, and he’s just absorbing more radiation, and it’s just- In this state, he’s pretty much invincible! He destroyed an entire planet, I’m pretty sure instant kill mode won’t do anything.”
 
“Peter. Aren’t you forgetting something?” Peter snapped out of his thoughts, and registered the fact that bullets were whizzing by him, barely missing.
 
“Oh crap. Karen, other than instant kill mode, what can I do?”
 
“You could web up his eyes, and he might drop you to get it off.”
 
“Perfect! Thanks, Karen. You’re the best!” Peter used his conveniently free arm to spray his webbing into the Hulk’s eyes.
 
Just as Karen said, the Hulk dropped Peter to wipe the webbing out of his eyes.
 
“BABY AVENGER BOTHER HULK! HULK NO PROTECT BABY AVENGER.”
 
With every bullet, the Hulk seemed to get more agitated, and used both of his now free arms to swipe at them. He had almost managed to hit a few of them before Peter figured out what he had to do.
 
“Hey, uh, Hulk! Come over here! I, um, hate radiation?” Needless to say, Peter’s lackluster attempt at diverting the Hulk’s attention failed.
 
“Karen! Got any good insults? I’m kinda running out of ammo here. I’m insulting gen Z culture everywhere. It’s embarrassing. I mean, MJ has some good ones. Like ‘If I wanted to kill myself, I’d climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ’ or ‘I’ve looked everywhere. I just can’t find where I asked for your opinion’. But I don’t think any of that works with this context?”
 
“It seems you are on your own for this one, Peter.” Karen chuckled.
 
“Darn you, Mr. Stark, for creating such an unhelpful AI. I’m alone in this world, even my AI has abandoned me. Why has God forsaken this timeline?” Peter shot a web at the Hulk’s arm, and started pulling with all of his strength.
 
“Come here, you big ugly oaf! I guess with all of your smashing, you crushed my expectations of your intelligence. It’s safe to say that bar isn’t set very high now. God, it’s like you’re just a big greenball of ignorance and assholeishness.” Peter’s attempt at moving the Hulk failed. Miserably. Although, he did succeed at directing the Hulk’s anger towards himself. It’s the small victories.
 
“HULK SMASH!” In a fit of rage, the Hulk ran straight at Peter, trying to bowl him over.
 
“Haha! Yes!” Peter pumped his fists in the air to celebrate before attempting phase two of his plan. He led the Hulk towards an empty park, ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Shuri
Cassie Lang & Peter Parker
Scott Lang & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
there's honestly no tag for the hulk
it's disappointing
but yeah i'll add more tags later
hopefully
i might forget
Social Media
Protective Tony Stark
Peter is a Gen Z icon
also i'm sorry for giving him my problems
and nonexistent sense of humour
How to tag???
no relationships because I cannot write that sappy shit
i'm sorry I swear a lot
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
I would say it's a one-shot collection but they're connected???
Sort Of
they can be read separately
Peter is Worthy
And You Can Pry That Headcanon From My Cold Dead Hands
I think i’ve made too many vine references
Then again
you can never have too many
so just deal with it
yay I finally got around to the meme bros
do you know how much self restraint I had to have??
it was a lot
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Peter is good with smol children
i finally yeeted ned into this mess of a story
it took me long enough
a surprising lack of vines and memes
for this chapter only
did peter teach groot memes? you'll never know
there is absolutely zErO aUnT mAy eRAsUre iN tHiS fiC
probably very ooc but idfc anymore

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Shuri
Cassie Lang & Peter Parker
Scott Lang & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

