Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It starts like this. Peter, coming back from the snap to a world changed. It's far from the first time. It started, he supposes, with Captain America and his Howling Commandos. It changed again, the first time Iron Man launched himself from his Malibu mansion into the skies, and realized there was so much more he needed to be. Again and again, new heroes and new dangers and new people left with nightmares that would never fully fade. And, of course, the Incident, when people watched aliens pour from the sky and knew, with a clarity so sharp it hurt, that they could never be truly safe again. The world has changed, time and again since the first emergence of superheroes, and every time the idea of things going back to normal has seemed laughable. But it happened, cleanup crews and swarms of journalists, heroes who were larger than life, living legends and raging wars, people rising everyday and going to work and coming home to greet their families. Every time, the world settled into a new kind of normal. This time seems different. People, before, had always been scared, in awe, angry, demanding answers; a thousand and one things no one knew how to give to each other. Now, all they seem is tired. The big difference, it seems, between before and after (and it is, isn't it? So clearly before and after, a line drawn in the sand and nobody left on the other side. It's one for the history books, kids), is that people have lost their faith. The Avengers are still admirable, sure, still pretty collectively seen as trustworthy by those who trusted them before. But now, a mother has cradled her infant son while staring wide eyed at the breaking news, only to blink and find her arms empty, crumpling in on herself as she choked on more than just the ash.Now, a woman has clutched her wife's hand like a lifeline, foreheads pressed together, then watched as everything she loved was blown gently away in the wind. Now, a son has begged his father not to go, to please stay just one more minute, couldn't understand where he went when he was just right there. It's hard now, to watch the avengers assemble in the face of some new threat and think 'oh, everything is going to be okay'. The world's best defenders are just people, in the end, and there are some things they can never protect against, can never help the rest of them forget. The world's losses may not have been permanent, but it's grief is too heavy to forget.  Peter comes home to something new, a world weary and unable to heal, and realizes maybe there isn't a place for him – for Spider-man – here anymore. Maybe it doesn't need another hero, bright and flashy against the New York skyline, a saviour for a brief moment and gone in the aftermath. Maybe he can't accept that, but maybe he doesn't have a choice. **Peter gives Spider-man up. He folds the costume up, lets himself remember the power and freedom – the struggle, the responsibility – it brought him one last time, before it's shoved under his bed beside old papers, dusty trinkets, and long abandoned inventions. Ned doesn't understand, and doesn't pretend to. “But you're a hero, Peter! It's who you are man, that's not gonna go away just by hiding your suit under your bed!” And Peter doesn't know how to tell Ned that he's wrong. The world doesn't need heroes, not anymore, and it certainly doesn't need Peter. Not when he failed it when it really counted, blinked out of existence just when people needed him the most. May tries, and fails, to pretend she isn't relieved. “It's your decision, honey,” she tells him with a strong voice and a kiss to his temple, “No matter what you choose, I'm always gonna be proud of you.” Peter loves her for it, tells himself he imagined the brief hint of disappointment in her eyes as well. He wants to tell her why, wants her to understand, but finds the words stuck in his throat. Because he hadn't had any last words for her (“I don't want to go, please, I'm sorry” - stupid, selfish, scared), had he? And the shame of that, the fear of her finding out just how much of a coward he is, when it really comes down to it, is too much for him to handle. And Tony- well, Peter really has no idea what Tony thinks about it. They'd become something, him and Mr. Stark, since Toomes and the plane and the avengers test Peter thinks maybe wasn't really a test. Mentor and mentee, coworkers, friends. Nothing quite seemed to fit, to perfectly capture the strange relationship of sorts he had with Mr. Stark. He'd never stressed though. It was them; Peter and Tony, Spider-man and Iron Man, and that was enough. Now, though. Peter died – he died, in Tony's arms (and if you die, I feel like that's on me). Scared, shaking, clinging as tightly as he could to the one thing on that damned dead planet that he knew he loved. And it wasn't enough. He's heard the stories, since, of the lengths Tony went to to bring him back. Peter's able to recognize now that he shouldn't have both
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
uh more angsty than I meant it to be
but it'll be cute too I swear!
probably lots of friendship and family stuff cause I'm terrible at writing strictly romance
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

