Work Text:
Cindy will scream to the heavens until the day she dies that she was the first, and for a time (aside from Ned—the traitor—who denied that he totally had an inside scoop on the matter) the only one on the AcaDec team to witness the fact that Peter Parker is secretly fucking ripped.

It’s a delightful accomplishment to have to her name, to be sure, and not just because she ran smack into Abe and got to spill the information immediately after coming across it to his disbelieving ears. It went like this.

Cindy was coming back from the bathroom, and Peter had to be excused from practice because he’s Peter and he had a “really super important phone call, MJ, please—“

That happened just before Cindy had to pee, but details aside, the important thing is that Peter wasn’t with the rest of the team and neither was Cindy. So she’s coming back from the bathroom, as you do, and she saw Peter alone in the hall. He’d hung up on the phone but had shoved his head into his hands for whatever reason. Again, he’s Peter. Cindy had learned to just roll with the punches, and that’s what she did. She turned on her heel to go the other way because Peter looked distressed, and she was probably the last person on the face of the Earth equipped to deal with that. Except then, she heard a faint cry of irritation. Dutifully, she had peeked back around the corner to see Peter pulling his shirt halfway up his stomach to examine some sort of stain he must’ve had on it, grumbling all the while. “Aw man, Mr. Stark got me this one!”

Cindy ignored the whole Stark thing. Extra information in the scheme of things, really, considering that inspecting a stain? Okay, whatever. That’d be fine, a typical enough thing to do if doing so, if lifting a shirt with some stupid joke about pi on it, didn’t reveal the most man-crush-Monday-worthy set of abs Cindy—who was pretty sure she was a lesbian—had seen in her entire life. She might’ve choked on her own spit a little, but that didn’t stop her from bolting down the hallway and taking the long way back to practice so Peter didn’t know what she’d seen. She had to use her inhaler afterwards, but dear god, who wouldn’t?

It was not everyday Cindy found out a kid she had known since, like, sixth grade, was a pint-sized Captain America. She kind of panicked. She didn’t know what to do with that revelation, and so she told Abe who told Charles who told Sally who brought it up to Ned “a goddamn disgrace of a liar if there ever was one” Leeds.

MJ overheard it from the beginning and merely turned the page of a book she was reading on the psychology of social class in the Babylonian empire. She knew everything though, so nobody took it too personally.

Cindy also leaked it to Betty, which, come on, was only fair because she had dealt with Peter being Peter for even longer than Cindy. Then Betty, despite how much Jason got on her nerves, told him, and eventually, it got to Flash, who scoffed and did a really bad job pretending not to eavesdrop on all conversations pertaining to the subject.

If not for Ned’s nervousness around the matter, Cindy might’ve had less credibility, but hell, whenever Ned got antsy, everyone knew something was up. Betty cornered him and threatened to steal his hat if he let on to Peter that they knew, and with a very frightened nod, the game began.Every time someone was able to verify with their own two eyes that Peter Parker was indeed swole as hell, they were awarded a point. Cindy was immensely satisfied to have a lead before the pieces were even set, but less so when she, under the slightly vindicated stares of her classmates, became mediator of the event. Flash claimed to not be playing, but Jason reported his disappointed expression every time he left the locker room with no sighting to his name.It really wasn’t as creepy as it sounded.Cindy had begun the game with a stern glare and Betty behind her to make it actually hold some weight. “Anyone actually harassing Peter gets sent straight to MJ,” she threatened gravely. “All witnesses of secret beef must be accidental. Peter,” a harder look sent Flash’s way, who shrugged in denial, “is a nice person who is not technically consenting to this, so we’re going to be polite about our observations. Are we in agreement?”Sally, despite the faintly amused smile on her face, looked at Cindy with an eyebrow raised in disbelief. “Is this necessary? I think we can manage. We’re not stupid.”Betty shrugged. “Listen, we don’t make the rules.” That was a blatant lie. She and Cindy had stayed up until three the previous night discussing how to officially go about the task at hand. “Either agree or you don’t get squat for a glimpse of a six-pack.”Sally sighed, shaking her head. “I can’t believe you guys are roping me into this.”“You’re free to quit literally whenever you want,” Charles pointed out helpfully.Sally scowled. “Shut up. I’m playing. If anyone’s gonna’ lose, it’s Flash.”“I second that bet,” Jason chimed in. Flash looked away fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker
Betty Brant & Cindy Moon

freeform: 
Academic Decathalon Team
Swole Peter
outsider pov
Fluff
Casual Homosexuality
Oblivious Peter Parker
Terrifying Michelle Jones
Flash As A Slightly More Tolerable Asshole
Reference to Stark Internship
Use of Acronyms
Casually Hating on Flash
Peter parker’s abs
Humor

fandom: 
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker
Betty Brant & Cindy Moon

