Chapter 1: Home
    




Chapter Text
It's only a cheap motel. They need to find somewhere better, somewhere permanent to stay, and Eddie knows he should maybe be worrying about that.But it's hard to make himself worry, when all he wants is to rest.Anywhere with a lock now feels like home. There's an obvious reason why. He doesn't even care if it's his feeling or not - he's trying to give up on sorting the distress and the possessiveness and the relief into piles, your feelings, my feelings, maybe kinda both our feelings. It doesn't matter now. The days of the aftermath are passing by, long days of steady quiet behind a motel door. Eddie spends them lying warm in bed, watching Netflix and resting - with a rippling black mass cradled against his chest. The shadow is part of his arms, part of his skin. He finds himself stirring his fingers through it, casually, the way he'd occasionally stroke Mr Belvedere's fur.With every passing hour, their emotions blur more and more. He finds himself... dipping, almost. Blending. He becomes aware from time to time that his own arms feel good. They feel like home and the room beyond them doesn't matter for shit. It's enough to be here, wrapped around himself and in himself, whispering,  all will be well now, Eddie. It is good to rest. People call now and then to see if he's found a new apartment yet, see if he needs anything. It's fine,  he tells them, over and over. Don't worry 'bout me - I got everything I need. Drifting in and out of sleep is easy. It's healing. As he rests, his dreams are full of soft black waves spreading and fluttering around him, stroking just beneath his skin. He wakes each time to a deep rumbling purr, as low as if it comes from inside his bones, and to tendrils of darkness winding through his hair.It doesn't matter what this is.This is it now: this thing they have. He'll work the rest out as he goes. He's learning how to respond internally to questions, with the result that after four days alone together, hardly a sound is ever made in the room. It now feels a little crazy opening his mouth to address other humans, out loud, with words, making noises at them to be understood. His own voice has become alien to him. At home - as he's started to think of the motel - there's not much need for his voice.He's now used to quiet questions in his mind: asking if he's alright; if he's warm, careful tendrils drawing the covers up around his neck and tucking them in if he's not; if he's comfortable; if he's in pain; if he's hungry, which is possibly more of a hint than a question; if would like another episode, a small coil reaching out to tap enter on the laptop.Eddie has a feeling that the answers to these questions are probably already known. The asker seems able to scan his body for anomalies or discomfort more accurately than Eddie himself can. In theory, there'd be no reason to ask.He has a feeling Venom just likes to hear him speak.Sometimes he becomes aware of Venom feeling him breathe - feeling his lungs fill themselves and empty, feeling his heart beating, his muscles shifting as he rolls over in bed. He doesn't know what tips him off to Venom's intrigued interest. He just gets the feeling his symbiote is making himself - itself?  - at home, examining the real estate it's just acquired.It makes him feel weirdly safe. Have you closed up my nipple piercing? he asks one night, baffled before the bathroom mirror. It's hard to see - the light in here flickers and Venom doesn't like it, so they do everything by the glow from the bedroom. He's pretty sure he can't feel the hole anymore.
  I healed the scar for you, Eddie. How did you acquire it?  
 It was in college,  Eddie replies, half-amused.  And I kinda liked it, thanks. If I get it redone, you're not allowed to eat the piercer, okay? They've not finished the ink on my back yet.
  It was a purposeful act!?

 Yeah, of course it was. So I could put a ring through... looks cute. 

  'Cute'!  
Eddie's college boyfriend had thought so. The piercing had long outlasted that relationship. He'd kept it all this time, and while Anne had never been a big fan, he'd still worn it. He'd had to take it out for the MRI scan.It's weird to think it's now gone.As he spreads shaving foam around his face, Eddie watches his eyes change in the mirror - a flicker of black into lidless opal-white. Humans are strange, Venom informs him.Eddie grins, blinking the white pupils away.  You've seen nothing yet, man. He hardly bleeds at all as he shaves. * A week has passed. Eddie starts getting out a little more, trying to take a walk at least once a day for fresh air. He's not sure whether he's walking Venom or Venom's walking him, but it's working. Venom seems to like dogs now he knows they're not to be considered edible. They have to stop and say hello to each one they pass. They drop into a pet store one afternoon just so Eddie can show him more of this human concept of 'pets'; Venom spends nearly half an hour gazing at the hams
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Intimacy
Domestic Bliss
Sex
Fluff
Feelings
Ridiculous Amounts of Snuggling and Hair Stroking
wet dreams
Porn Watching
Eddie Has Nipple Piercings
Shower Sex
Venom Gets A Hamster
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

