Work Text:
Eddie awoke that afternoon, tucked securely into bed like a warm human burrito. He blinked the beginnings of eye-grit away, sighing softly and turning over.
 
Something wet leaked down his ass cheeks.
 
Oh.
 
 Oh shit .
 
That’s right. Venom turned his ass into a vagina.
 
Eddie felt his entire body heat up in mortification (and pleasure he wasn’t quite ready to acknowledge yet), slick sliding down his thighs as he shoved his face into the pillow and groaned.
 

 Pussy. 

 
Ah, speak of the devil.
 
He wiggled himself out of the covers that were quickly becoming too warm, and he tried so hard not to focus on his half-mast dick and his ass that definitely should not be leaking like that under any normal-human circumstances. Tried, and really only half-succeeded. Eddie groaned, and rubbed a hand down his face, glaring at the plain bedroom.
 
“Yes, V, I know you’re proud of yourself. Get out here….”
 
If Eddie was expecting the symbiote to look even the least bit guilty, he’d be waiting until the end of time. Instead, Venom slinked out a smug-looking snake-like body from his shoulder. Could they have this conversation internally? Well, yeah, but then Eddie couldn’t flick Venom’s snoot in chastisement.
 
Venom only gave their pleased grin in response, and made sure to lick Eddie’s hand.
 
He wrinkled his nose, wiping Venom-slobber off on the sheets before he dove into his lecture. “Alright, listen up, parasite,-” “ Hey!  ” “-while I uh,  appreciate , you taking care of an unpleasant part of being a meatbag, give a guy some warning next time before you turn their intestines into a fuckhole, got it?”
 
“Not our fault you’re a pussy over getting a pussy,” and didn’t that just sound  so damn self-satisfied  , the asshole, “and we tucked us in bed after you fainted. We’ll take our thanks now.”
 
Eddie snorted in disbelief, pinching and shaking the snake-biote by their cheek. “I should thank you by stuffing you in a jar, or eating nothing but salad for a week.” he muttered, grinning as Venom thrashed in his grip, knowing full well they could just de-materialize if they really wanted to get away. He sat up, only to shudder as a new wave of slick nearly gushed out of him, and he tensed.
 
Venom wiggled out of his grip, still grinning as he curled around Eddie’s neck. “Wet, Eddie?”
 
He flushed, tentatively reaching behind himself and dipping his fingers below the waistband of his boxers to feel, with his own hand, that he was absolutely dripping. “Well, this is… this is gonna take some getting used to…”
 
Pausing, torn between getting acquainted with his new ‘extras’ and giving Venom a piece of his mind, Eddie furrowed his brow as realization hit him like a truck.
 
“Hey, Venom?”
 

“Hm?”

 
Eddie took a deep breath. “So, clearly, you have some control over what my body does, right?”
 

“If you’re trying to imply that we’d ever to do something to hurt you, hurting you hurts us.”

 
“Right, no, I get that. That’s not… erm, what I’m trying to get at here… oh  fuck -” he groaned, his hole fluttering at the brush of fingertips. “You know how, uh, I stopped pooping because of your… handiwork?”
 

“I fail to see where you’re going with this.”

 
“Well,” Eddie cleared his throat, face burning in embarrassment. “Why do I still need to piss if you can digest everything?”
 
Silence.
 
And then,
 

“We like that.”

 
Eddie practically fell over at that, choking on his own saliva and arousal and ass-vagina nearly forgotten. “Wh-whAT!?”
 

“We like that.”

 
More choking. “N-no no, I heard that, but I’m not sure I  get  that. C’mon V, you can’t just- people don’t- where did you even get that  idea -”
 
“Eddie,” the symbiote sounded exasperated. “We like it when we feel ready to burst. The way our body squirms and wiggles when trying to hold it in, and the relief when you finally let go. We know you like it too. You’ve dreamed about pissing yourself.”
 
The human sputtered, covering his face in his hands. “Oh my god, V, that’s- no- shit, those are nightmares V. Like how some people dream about being naked in front of a crowd.”
 
A pause.
 

“Eddie, you’ve woken up hard from those dreams. Every time.”

 
Shit.
 
Shit fuck goddamn-
 
It was hard to keep secrets from someone that literally shared your brain, Eddie was quickly learning.
 
His ass clenched as Venom said that aloud, another dribble of slick making him bite his fist to keep from moaning. He could practically feel Venom smirk.
 

“Oh, Eddie. We felt that.”

 
Shit.
 
Well, not shit, since apparently his ass was for a different purpose now.
 
Fuck.
 
Venom curled around his shoulder, tongue pressing against a pulse in his neck as Eddie shivered.
 

“We can give you what you want, Eddie. Make you forget about your need until you are full and let the desperation hit you. Hold you down and watch you fight against nature until you can’t hold on any longer. Watch you wet yourself and then lick you clean, tell you how good you are...”

 
Eddie practically threw his head 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Eddie Brock's secret butt vagina club
Rimming
Tongue Fucking
Breeding Kink
Self-Lubrication
mentions of mpreg
Body Modification
Anal Sex
mentions of omorashi
mentions of piss kink
Alien Sex
i dunno what else to tell you
its just pure filth
Come Inflation
Deepthroating
Tentacles
Crack Treated Seriously

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

