Chapter 1: No Chance No Way I Won't Say It
    




Chapter Text
 ‘Maybe love was superstition, a prayer we said to keep the truth of loneliness at bay. I tilted my head back. The stars looked like they were close together, when really they were millions of miles apart. In the end, maybe love just meant longing for something impossibly bright and forever out of reach.’  - Leigh Bardugo
 
**
The hands of fate must have been having a laugh when they’ve finally fulfilled Tony’s wish. That or they were all pissed drunk with Loki because what other deity could have cursed Tony to such a fate: soulmate to none other than Captain America himself.
He truly wants to blame Loki for this awful luck.
So many people in the universe. Eight billion alone on Earth and yet none of them could have been Tony’s soulmate. Nope. It had to be Steve Rogers, who is already bonded to his dead best friend, James ‘Bucky’ Barnes.
It really has to be Loki’s fault.
‘Tony,’ Steve says, tasting the name on his lips and oblivious to the fact that he’s turning the engineer’s world upside down.
That’s it. One word. And everything in Tony’s life is in chaos.
Whoever programmed this whole soulmate thing must have been crazy. Seriously? People discovering their soulmates by simply hearing the other person say their name and unlocking the fucking floodgates of can’t-live-without-you-because-you-make-me-whole instinct is fucking nuts.
And Tony just needs to say Steve’s name back and Captain America will know that he’s mated to no other than one problematic Tony Stark. Damn, all his baggages that Steve has to carry around if the genius let  them happen. Well, he can probably use the joke about how his baggages are designer. And then Steve can say that his are vintage.
But let’s be real, Captain America doesn’t have that much issues. Maybe only being alive in the twenty-first century when everyone he knows is dead. Except for Peggy Carter. Tony doesn’t want to think about the little time she has. It aches.
‘Captain,’ Tony replies back and shaking Steve’s hands. Damn it to hell with how every fibre in him craves to say Steve’s name out loud. But Stark men are made of iron, so he manages to keep the blond’s name in his mouth.
It’s a blessing in disguise when he and Steve tend to collide with their personalities. Polar opposites really. And just a living proof that there had been some mistakes when matching Tony’s soulmate. But that doesn’t mean that there’s not a second the genius aches to hold Steve’s hand or be stared at by those baby blues with warmth that thirteen year old Tony had dreamt of.
Even when he’s mad at his father, Howard, for all the traumas and issues from bad parenting, Tony can’t bring himself to corrupt Steve’s clean reputation by confessing that he’s the super soldier’s new soulmate. That would also mean trying to fill in for Barnes. And he’s not sure he can.
Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes are national heroes. They are legendary icon and honourable soldiers. They are beckon of hope. Light in times of darkness.
While Tony Stark is a narcissistic playboy who doesn’t know where parties end and priorities begin. And also, the Merchant of Death, can’t forget that bit.
It’s not rocket science to formulate a decision on whether or not Tony should tell Steve or not. Besides Steve and Bucky are considered the one Greatest Love Stories of All Time.
So, Tony keeps his mouth shut and only utters Steve’s name in the safety of his workshop when he’s alone. And sometimes when the nightmares come to haunt him, he mutters Steve’s name like a prayer as if to taunt his demons that he has a knight to save him. Even when he knows he doesn’t. Still, he pretends that he does.
‘Are you okay?’ Steve asks him one day when they’re in Tony’s workshop. The super soldier is sketching while Tony’s stupidly marvelling how gorgeous Steve is.
‘Huh?’ he says absent-mindedly, hoping he’s not blushing for getting caught. Fuck! He’s suppose to be good at this incognito glances. ‘Yeah, I’m fine.’ He turns back to the tablet he has in his hand.
Why is Steve even down here with him? Why can’t Steve sketch somewhere else? Ugh! How many gods did he piss off to be tortured like this? And that all-too-small shirt that Steve is wearing doesn’t help him control his ogling.
He needs to get his focus in check. He can’t slip now.
‘You’re thinking too loud,’ Steve tells him, he has an amused smile on his face.
Tony badly wants to punch Steve in his perfect face. No one should be armed with a smile like that, a smile that can probably sell ice to Eskimos.
‘I can help you, you know,’ Steve continues. ‘But not unless you tell me what’s got you worried.’ And he sounds so damn sincere that Tony wants to cave in and say fuck to whatever is left of his moral.
But he can’t. He can’t slip. Not even when Steve’s making it so hard for Tony to hate him. Not when Steve’s such a nice guy with a dry sense of humour. Not even then.
Living with Steve is like having a taste of the what an amazing lif
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Romance
Fluff and Angst
With happy ending
Team as Family
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Tony centric
everyone loves tony
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Slight torture

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

