Work Text:
ASlick gushed from Eddie’s asshole, Venom’s tongue immediately lapping up the flowing liquid, tongue rubbing up against the sensitive hole causing shivers to ripple up Eddie’s body. His breath hitched, teeth hooking themselves onto his lips.. Plush lips thickened under abuse, earthy mauve contrasting against bright white. His body was curved in a perfect arc, fingers digging into thick thighs as convulsions shot through his ass. More slick trickled from his hole, breath coming in short gasps. The broad omega prepared himself for the intrusion of his mate’s thick tongue, it was all a matter of when. Depending on the day Venom would tease Eddie, intruding lightly into his host without delving deep and plundering into his asshole, simply keeping mate on the edge until he forcefully satiated his mate to the full extent of his abilities. Other days Venom would dive headfirst, going hard and fast only to pull back and keep Eddie on the precipice of blissful orgasm.A high pitched whine burst from Eddie’s abused lips, eyes rolling back as he fell forward. The omega barely caught himself, hands releasing his abused thighs only to white knuckle his bed. Eddie’s ass was high in the air, round globes presenting in a position of submission. Sharp claws traveled up his thighs, caressing the muscles there before trailing their way up round but slightly narrow hips before splaying out across Eddie’s broad back and rippling muscles. Quakes and shivers contracted and clenched, his body spasming uncontrollably under the keen attention of his symbiote mate. A burn spread out from his hole, the feeling familiar yet far too much, licks of heat and flame lighting where venom brushed against him.“V- Vee,” Eddie called out breathlessly, his chest heaving and clenching thighs. “P-please, we neeeeeeed—!” Eddie was cut off by a sudden moan as a tendril expertly wrapped around his cock, pumping up and down. Venom let out a rumble of approval, watching Eddie try and arch himself further, legs spreading further in a vain attempt to chase the overwhelming sensations of being surrounded and filled. Eddie was burning hot and heavy, his other wriggling his tongue in his ass. The muscle delved deeper to make Eddie writhe only to pull out slightly and press onto his prostate. A guttural moan bubbled out of his mouth, voice pitching high. His eyes rolled backwards as the lewd noises of Venom’s tongue in his ass grew louder, loud noises of approval pounding his ears.“Mmnnnh,” the omega hummed, his face burying into sweat laden sheets. Venom’s tongue left his hole only to immediately replace it with a thick tentacle. It was firmer than Venom’s tongue, friction alighting all around Eddie’s nerves as it slowly broadened. The symbiote slithered his way up Eddie’s back, teeth nipping sharply against the salty skin. His clawed hands brushed off the pale back, trailing softly to circle around sensitive, erect nipples. “Darling,” Eddie choked out, a sudden bout of heat flaring through his body. His heart pounding loudly, fire scorching through his body in a blaze of pleasure. “Darling please—! Groceriessss!”“Not letting you out,” Venom growled, teeth clicking beside Eddie’s head, “until you are full. Full, marked, and drained.”Eddie let out a needy whine before his mouth fell open and Venom’s ministrations ripped a scream out of his throat. Sunset air, full of smog and laughter filled a chilly San Francisco afternoon. Cold drafts wafting in from the ocean as the city aide it’s slow transition from day time tourists congestion into nighttime bustle. Clouds dotted a gradient sky, hues of pink, blue, and purple bouncing off only to begin their fade into ink as the sky began to for the stars, invisible to many eyes from light pollution. Eddie felt a wave of heat flush over him despite the cooling air and his earlier exercise with his mate, face lighting with red blush and his body pumped pheromones into the air. The early stages of his heat enabled him to walk around before he become a mindlessly sex hungry omega desperate for a knot. A little dribble of slick left his ass with those thoughts, Venom immediately lapping it up, teasing his rim. Eddie’s butt clenched tightly, a moan nearly escaping his mouth before he bit down onto his plush bottom lip.The well built man gained some looks, some alphas giving him looks of appreciation while others looked in disgust. It wasn’t common for a claimed omega to be wandering the bustling streets of San Francisco without their partner with them, but it happened on occasion. Then again, Eddie wasn’t truly without his mate.Venom was wrapped around Eddie, thrumming happily underneath his skin as excitement and anticipation grew. His mate was always so pliant and sensitive during heat, the omega’s blood a cocktail of intoxicating hormones. Venom pressed up Eddie’s ass, maneuvers imperceptible beyond a slight stumble in Eddie’s gait. The omega stopped at a crosswalk, cars rushing past on the asphalt. His left shou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Wall Sex
Anal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Eddie Brock
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Tentacle Sex
Breeding
Breeding Kink
Implied breeding but not really
NSFW

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

