Work Text:

The asset should have known that it was going to be an unlucky mission.

There was a whispers-only Hydra tradition of loading the asset up with spunk before a mission for luck. The more loads they plugged up inside him, the better he would perform. His record was twenty-one. Today, a cool spring day in the mountains of Eastern Europe, he has taken five. On the way to the armory a lieutenant orders him into a side room and gives him the code words to drop his pants and present himself. These are not closely-guarded words like the launch code or the one that makes him collapse. He is fair game when not on a mission and his recreational codes get passed out like drinks at a party.

The man doesn’t waste time checking to see if the asset is prepared for use, or even with applying lubricant to himself. The asset would have liked such considerations but what the asset likes and doesn’t like are immaterial. He braces himself against the desk and breathes steadily while he’s fucked. The man is not large enough to truly satisfy him, but at least he has enough girth to give a pleasant stretch. The asset likes them thick. He knows better than to admit this for fear of having his limits tested and broken.

It’s over quickly. He’s barely had a chance to get his own erection but that’s just as well. He’s already going to be four minutes late to the rideout. He slides the plug back into his hole and does not meet the lieutenant's eyes as he leaves.

His handler is displeased with his tardiness, but the asset is honest about what made him late. He will be punished for it later all the same.

“What’s your count?” a gun handler asks him quietly.

“Six,” the asset grunts.

The agent grimaces. “Even numbers are unlucky. Pity the ride’s too rough or we’d fix that for you.”

The other men leer. The asset ignores them. Just like he ignores the slick reservoir of semen inside him and the neverending pressure of the plug that keeps it there. He’s reviewing his mission briefing in his head. The kill order is unusual: his masters want it to look like a bear attack, as the target has been tracked to a remote cabin in the woods. He will have to use the arm to simulate claw marks. But he will make it work. No one crosses Hydra and lives.
 
**
 
This is a solo mission. All throughout the entire five-kilometer hike to the target, the asset can’t shake the feeling of being watched. Though he’s on high alert he chalks it up to forest creatures. Of course he’s being watched. The woods have a thousand eyes. None but his are a threat.

He locates the cabin near dusk, climbs a tree for a good vantage point, and settles in to wait. And he waits. And he waits. The sun begins to set and no lights appear in the windows. The target does not appear from the woods nor from the cabin. The asset scowls to himself. Was their intelligence wrong? He descends from the tree, readies his rifle, and creeps towards the cabin.

Everything is still. There are insects and birds in the distance but not nearby. Always a bad sign. Circling around, he finds the front of the cabin an alarming sight: one window is shattered and the front door is hanging off a single hinge. What’s left of the door, anyway. It’s broken worse than the window.

The wind changes and even through his mask the asset smells death. That’s his domain, then. He makes his way to the cabin and steps inside.

The remains of the door have deep gouges in them, as do the floors and walls. The interior looks like a storm blew through: furniture upended and torn apart, picture frames fallen, glass and debris on the floor. And blood. Blood spray on the walls. On the floor. Smears that tell a story of someone badly injured trying to crawl to safety. Under the blood and early rot comes an animal stench, a predator musk. And then, at last, the asset finds his target. What’s left of his target, anyway. He’s even worse off than the door.

What a spectacular irony that he was sent in to fake a bear mauling only to have a real bear beat him to it.

The asset takes in the half-eaten, dismembered body’s details with the same dispassion he’d have for a grocery list. He spends a moment locating the stolen file that marked this man for death and heads for the door.

A soft rushing sound stops him in the doorway. Breathing. Something 

large

 breathing. He readies his gun again and steps out into the night.

It’s right against the wall around the corner to his right. At first he assumes it’s the bear, back for the rest of its meal. Then it stands up. Its shoulders are much too broad and its hind legs are too long. Everything he can see about its proportions are wrong. The asset sights his gun but--something about that hulking form in the shadows activates a primal, animal fear he never realized he still had inside.

Its head comes up. A sharp whuffling sound tells him it’s scenting the air. Scenting him. And then it advances.

He is afraid. The asset fears no man save his handler, no pain save punishment, n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Werewolves
Werewolf Sex
Knotting
Animal Genitalia
Dubious Consent
Come Inflation
but it's mild i swear
Non-Graphic Violence
Multiple Orgasms
Prostate Massage
Bestiality
Teratophilia
Not Beta Read
Minor Feminization
Implied Double Penetration
Butt Plugs
Gangbang
Gang Rape
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Hydra (Marvel)
HYDRA Trash Party
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Bottom Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

