Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Max Black like to think she was smart. Not like book smart, or smart in any way she could make a profit from, but she had a knack for seeing through peoples bull-shit. Except a few of her boyfriends. A lot of them, actually. And her Mom's. And, apparently, her own."It has to be that way, you're my best friend Caroline, I love you!" Max blurted out before her eyes widened and her already pale complexion practically reached blinding white.Sadly this wasn't Max's first moment of perfect clarity where she realised she'd been blinded to something painfully obvious, but it was the first time such a realisation left her practically comatosed. And if that hadn't been bad enough her confession had left the normally painfully talkative Caroline Channing speechless, which gave Max plenty of time to think back over the last two years to find like a gazillion jokes, comments, feelings and scenarios which lead her to one inevitable conclusion.She wasn't smart, she was dumb. She was the dumbest fucking moron on the whole fucking planet for not seeing this coming, for not preventing it, for letting anyone into her life when history had told her time and again what that led too."Max." Caroline softly said after what felt like an eternity, "Is that the first time you said I love you?""I, I have to go." Max mumbled, seemingly turning and heading towards the door in slow motion, giving Caroline more than enough time to pass her and block her way."What's the matter?" Caroline asked, obviously confused."Nothing. I'm just embarrassed." Max stammered, before quickly adding, "Look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to talk behind your back. Sending that text was an automatic response, just stupid Max trying to be funny and failing miserably. And I'm sorry, and I didn't mean it, I don't mean any of the crap I say about you, and I'm really, really not sick of you. I could never be sick of you. You're the only person in the entire world I'm not sick of. So... I'm sorry. Can we just forget this ever happened?"There was a long pause in which the word 'yes' almost escape Caroline's lips a thousand times, an almost overwhelming part of her mind trying to make her say that one little word which would make this all ok. Except she didn't really believe it would make it ok, hence why even though it was the scariest thing she'd ever done Caroline said something else."You, you mean as a friend, right?" Caroline stammered."What?" Max frowned."You love me as a friend?" Caroline clarified.Max paused for far too long for her next words to be convincing, not that they sounded that way, "Erm, yes. Duh! I mean... what, what else would I have meant?""I don't know, you tell me." Caroline softly said.There was a long pause and then Max asked, "What do you want from me Caroline?"Desperately thinking what to say Caroline lowered her head for a few seconds, then softly repeated, "You tell me."More silence, and then Max said, "I just want to go back to the way things were and forget all about this.""Fine." Caroline said, briefly turning her back on her friend and desperately trying to leave it there and failing, "I mean, God forbid we actually have an honest conversation about how we feel when we could just keep dancing around the issue.""Caroline." Max said in a warning tone."You know what Max." Caroline practically yelled as she turned back to face her friend, almost losing her nerve before she found it again, "It's not fine. None of this is fine. Or it is given as you rightfully said fine doesn't mean fine, so yes Max, I'm fine!""FINE!" Max yelled, "I'm in love with you. Is that what you want to hear? Well sorry Princess, this ain't no fairy-tale. I don't love you. I'm incapable of love. I just have a crush on you, that's it. And it's no big deal because nine times out of ten I'll choose a guy over a girl. In fact I'd choose just about anyone over you because I actually like you and don't want to fuck up our friendship."There was another pause where the two girls just stared at each other, and then Caroline lowered her head, "I... I don't want to ruin our friendship either.""Ok." Max said, breathing a sigh of relief, "So can we forget about all this?"There was yet another moment of silence, and then Caroline blurted out, "I think we should have sex!"Max blinked a few times and then exclaimed, "What? Are you crazy? You just said you didn't want to ruin our friendship!""I know, I know, and I don't... but... just here me out, ok?" Caroline said, briefly holding her hands up before talking rapidly, "I may, kind of, sort of, have a tiny crush on you too and... and it's been driving me crazy because I'm not into women. Like, at all. I know we joke around all the time, but I'm just really, really not into that. But... oh God, you're just so hot! I literally can't take my eyes off you sometimes and it drives me crazy. And apparently for all your jokes and mixed signals you like me that way a little bit, so... so maybe we should just do it and ge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Max Black/Caroline Channing
Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
First Time
Oral Sex
Fisting
Anal
Strap-Ons
Rimming
Spanking
BDSM
Crossover
Roleplay
Double Anal Penetration

fandom: 
Max Black/Caroline Channing
Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis

