Work Text:
Eddie should have known, but it had been years—over a decade.  First, he'd been on general suppressants, and when he got engaged to Anne, he'd gotten something a little more permanent, an implant in his arm.  He wasn't planning on having children—at least, not on bearing them himself—and heats were inconvenient.  When the plan was to marry a beta, it was selfish, almost cruel, to put them through that, too.The last time he'd had a heat, he'd been in college.  Finals week, the stress had been too much, and he'd burned through the low-level suppressants he'd gotten from the on-campus clinic.  It was, to put it lightly, a disaster.  The school made special arrangements for him to retake his tests, but there was at least one professor he'd never been able to look in the face again.  (Which had made senior year, when their class was the only one that covered a requirement, really, really awkward.)  The whole week was a blur of being too hot, of noises being too loud, of being desperately hungry and yearning for something he couldn't quite define.  He'd been detained by medical personnel when he'd leaped over a counter in one of the cafeterias and started helping himself to the entire tray of pork chops—not, sadly, before he'd thrown himself at his happily married professor who'd gently pushed him off and tried and failed to convince him to wait for an ambulance to arrive.Eddie should have known when he'd torn open and consumed an entire bag of frozen tater tots, but he'd just been to the Life Foundation, and the people under observation there were dead, not fucking everything within reach.  Obviously, he was sick.  Obviously, he'd been infected with something dangerous, something experimental.  Obviously, he needed to track down the only person he trusted and make sure that the information he had on his phone didn't fall into the wrong hands.Eddie went to the very nice restaurant where Anne Weying was on a date with her new doctor boyfriend.  Between snatching food off plates, he tried to explain.  Anne's new doctor boyfriend took one look at her ex-fiance's sweating face and said, "Oh, oh, no—"Eddie didn't listen to what he said.  Eddie was too busy climbing into the lobster tank to pry open their delicious shells with his teeth, hunting for the succulent flesh hiding inside.  (It was okay.  The maître d' had already called an ambulance.)"He's got an implant!" Anne was telling Dan in the background, but Eddie was enjoying the cool water and the happy crunch-crunch-crunch of each bite."It looks like it failed."  CRUNCH.  CRUNCH.  CRUNCH.  "At least he's not getting territorial.""Eddie.  Eddie, look, we're going to take care of you, but can you put the lobster down?"  Feverish, dazed, Eddie offered Dan a half-eaten lobster.  There were plenty more.  Eddie snagged another one.  "That's—thank you, Eddie, that's very kind."—Eddie woke up in an isolation room.  There was a bed, but there was also a stack of pillows and blankets.  One wall had a sliding glass door with a set of blinds on Eddie's side that could be drawn across it.  There was an intercom, and Dan's voice sounded from it.  "Back with us?"Eddie drew a clumsy hand across his face.  He felt a bit distant from himself, like his body was a bike and this was his first time aboard.  He knew what to do in theory, but in practice, it was much harder.  He slurred an answer: "I think so?""You're probably still feeling the sedative the EMTs gave you.  It's okay if you're feeling a little woozy.""Lot woozy."  Eddie tried to grab a pillow, but he just swatted it to the floor.  "The fuck is wrong with me?""Well."  Dan took a small pause.  "We haven't gotten your full blood work back yet, but it's pretty obvious you're in heat.""I have an implant," Eddie tried to protest, but the words came out mangled.The meaning must have come across clear enough, because Dan said, "Yes, but for some reason it stopped working.  You really are in heat, Eddie.""Shit."  Eddie thought he was maybe feeling a little better, a little steadier.  The room wasn't spinning quite so much.  He tried standing.  The floor came up to meet him.  From his new home on the floor, Eddie asked, "Suppressants?""You're, um.  You're pretty far along."  Eddie knew what that meant, but Dan continued, "It's too late to be effective, and we have no idea how they would interact with your failed implant.  By the time we got your blood work back, well—I'm afraid there's no stopping it."Right.  Great.  This was exactly what Eddie needed after everything else."Your, ah, your current medical contact is Anne Weying."  There was an awkward pause.  "Is there anyone you want us to call, any alpha that you might—""No."  The answer came, immediate and almost without any input from Eddie."There's also a program, a list of alpha volunteers—""No."  It was more vehement this time, caught somewhere between a growl and a roar.  Softer, "No alphas.""That's fine."  Dan's voice was calm, almost soothing, but something in E
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Omega Eddie Brock
Anal Sex
Sounding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Consentacles
Xeno
Crack

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

