Chapter 1: Baby's First Home
    


Summary:

Tony brings Peter home from the hospital.(Set in August 2001)



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
On Saturday, a week after Peter was born, Tony and Pepper arrived at the hospital to see about taking him home. It was the first time since Peter was born that Tony had seen him without the cannula in his nose, and an ache in his chest that he hadn't paid much attention to before eased up when he saw that it was gone.One thing Peter had to do before he could be released was pass something called the “car seat test”, which was basically leaving the kid strapped into his car seat for an hour to see if he could breathe. Tony had some concerns about that, but he kept them to himself, because all the nurses seemed confident that he would pass.Peter actually did pass, apparently with flying colors. The doctor said some babies had to do the car seat test a couple times before they could go home, but Peter passed it the first time.Tony crouched down next to the car seat on the floor. “Show off,” he whispered to Peter.Peter just drooled in response, but Tony wasn't expecting much else.Apparently “going home” outfits were a big deal, so that morning before Tony and Pepper had left the penthouse they went through the clothes they had bought earlier in the week in search of the “right” outfit. Instead of trying to be sneaky about it this time, Pepper just held up the “Daddy's Little Man” bodysuit, a hat and a pair of pants with feet in a coordinating color, and the blanket Tony had picked out. Tony had agreed to it, for lack of a more fashion-forward idea.Peter kicked up a fuss again when Tony started changing him into the new outfit. Tony apologized by scooping him up when he was done and cradling him to his chest for a little while before he had to go back in the car seat.He was getting more comfortable with holding Peter. This was a good thing for obvious reasons, and apparently something about it was cute (probably Peter) because Pepper snapped a picture with a disposable camera she pulled out of her purse.Peter sneezed in the picture. Tony made a comment about how he was practicing for future school photos. Then he made a face, because thinking that far ahead made his head spin. Then he realized there was baby snot on his shirt and suddenly the face was for a different reason. (Pepper and the nurse helping them get ready to go both laughed at him.)---Happy looked visibly uncomfortable when Tony and Pepper found him waiting at the pick-up zone outside the hospital.“What's with the face, Hap, you look like you've never seen a baby before,” Tony said, walking much slower than normal so he didn't jostle the car seat he was carrying.“Not one that small,” Happy said, eyeing the tiny person in the car seat apprehensively. “And I've never driven with one in my car before.”“Best start getting used to it now, Happy, because this isn't a one-time thing,” Tony reminded. He lifted the car seat a little higher. “So say hi to your new boss-in-training.”Happy's expression turned into something resembling constipation. “Do I have to?”“If I had to learn how to change diapers, yes, you have to say hello to the baby,” Pepper interjected. “And quickly, we're taking up space and people are waiting.”Happy squinted down at Peter. “Hi, kid,” he said gruffly.Peter didn't seem to react at all.Tony hefted the car seat through the open car door and settled it onto the back seat. “That was Uncle Happy, kiddo,” he said, whispering the word “uncle” so he didn't scare Happy away. “He's not a baby person. Or a people person.” He fiddled with the seat belt. “Whoever designed these car seat installation parts has it out for tired new parents.” He glanced up to see Peter staring at him. “It's ok, though, I'll figure it out, because I...” he found where he was supposed to put the seat belt and buckled it into place triumphantly, “...am a genius! Look at that, I told you I'd figure it out.”Peter showed no indication that he was remotely impressed.“You'll thank me later when your car seat doesn't tip over,” Tony sniffed.(He didn't see Pepper behind him smiling broadly.)---A few people in the lobby of the penthouse building stared at Tony when he came through carrying a slightly fussy baby in a car seat, just like they had when he and Pepper went through carrying bags upon bags and boxes upon boxes of baby stuff. Nobody evidently found it wise to say anything, though.Pepper could move faster than Tony, since she didn't have a tiny living human to carry, so she went ahead and pressed the button for the elevator and waited for Tony to catch up.They arrived at their floor (the top floor because Tony had “just felt like it” when he bought it) and Pepper opened the door for Tony, who by this point no longer had a free hand because he was using it to reach into the car seat and touch Peter where it seemed to be the most soothing for the little guy – his tummy, hands,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Clingy Peter Parker
Tony Stark Sings
Italian Tony Stark
Lullabies
Uncle Rhodey
Cuddles
Grandma Rhodey
Mild Hurt/Comfort
like super mild
like the kind of hurt/comfort that's just. standard baby care? idk
babies cry and get upset and uncomfortable and parents comfort them
It's that simple
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

