Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Benjamin Parker was a very intelligent boy. By age 6 he was building robots out of broken appliances. At 10 he started coding his AI, Karen, inspired by Tony Stark's Jarvis. At age 13 he earned himself a scholarship to Midtown School of Science. So when, at the young age of 14, he was made the youngest person to ever intern at Stark Industries he should have been less surprised. 
 
He had been spotted by a scout at his first high school science fair. It was a few months after the bite and Ben's death, so Peter had thrown himself into the project fully just to avoid thinking about things. The distraction (coupled with time out as Spider-Man) had worked and left him with an incredible project in the process. He didn't win (the judges didn't understand the science, so he placed third) but he left the night with a card and an interview. 
 
Peter was given the job and assigned to the R&D department. For his first project he was allotted two weeks. He finished the project at the end of his second day. It had been almost busy work because they were testing him out, but they never told him what to do once he was done because they didn't think he would be done anytime soon. 
 
Peter wandered into the interns' common area wondering what he should do. Walking in, he came face to face with a pile of coffee cups. The pile screeches to a halt and the top try of coffees would have hit the ground if not for Peter's quick reflexes.
 
"Um, do you need a hand there?" Peter asked tentatively.
 
A muffled "that would be great" could be heard so Peter started to remove try's until he could see a person behind the caffeine.
 
"Alright, whoever you are, where are we taking these?" Peter said, beaming at his fellow employee. The previously hidden girl gave him a soft smile.
 
"These some of these are for the IT department and the rest are for the Marketing department." 
 
"Alright, I'll just follow you then." And with that they set off down the hall towards the other departments. They stayed quiet as they moved, focused on their task. When they got to the first group of people the girl started passing out the drinks and chatting with each person.
 
As they moved on to the next group in need of caffeine Peter started to talk, "I'm Peter, by the way. I don't think I introduced myself earlier."
 
"Well, Peter, thank you for the save. I'm McKenzie Whitefield. What department are you from? I haven't seen you before."
 
"I was just hired as an intern in the R&D department. It's actually my second day today." 
 
"What are you doing wasting your time with me then? Don't you have 2 weeks for your first project?"
 
"I kind of, ya know, finished it?"
 
"What? I bought you said it was your second day!"
 
"Sorry, I would have finished last time, but I had an essay that was due the next day, so I couldn't stay late to finish." Peter blushed, now she wasn't gonna take him seriously. The project was obviously a test, but he really had needed to finish that essay and then he had to patrol, too.
 
He looked up to find McKenzie staring at him with her jaw dropped. He didn't realize he messed up that bad.
 
"So, what were you doing in the commons? I would be bringing that to my supervisor to brag, not getting coffee."
 
Peter's blush turned a shade darker "I don't know how to turn it in, so I was hoping to find someone who would tell me what to do. I know I should figure it out on my own, but I really don't want to mess this up."
 
"Kid, how old are you?"
 
"I turned 14 in August."
 
"How do you even have a job here? No, never mind, you finishing a two-week long project in two days explains that."
 
"Again, sorry, I get that the assignment is supposed to be a test, but I took two days and I can't figure out how to turn it in." 
 
"Peter, did you realize that the fastest anyone else has finished the project is a week and a day? The reason no one told you how to turn anything in is because they thought they still had at least a week before you were even close."
 
"Oh, thank goodness. So, I have at least a week until I get another task?"
 
"Yeah, that sounds about right from what I heard about R&D."
 
Contemplating that Peter asked, "Do you need a hand with anything then?"
 
"I just told you that you could basically take the week off," she laughed, "and your immediate response is to find more work. Who even are you kid?"
 
"Hey! If I can help with something I should, right? What's the use of being here if I'm just gonna sit around?"
 
"Okay, I'll let you crash the Marketing department with me. I'm sure someone has something that needs doing."
 
Happy to have something productive to do, Peter followed along. 
 
McKenzie just smiled. "Everyone's gonna love you."
---
After spending the day in Marketing, Peter had made friends with all the interns and had impressed the department head. 
 
The next day, Peter went back to the commons to see if anyone needed a hand. He met up with someone from the PR department and she allowed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & SI employees

freeform: 
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Interns & Internships
Intern Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & SI employees

