Work Text:
It happened on a mission.
A sonic burst loud enough to bring Peter to his knees, to make Tony in his armour stagger back against a wall. It lasted for only a second before War Machine broke through the ceiling and quickly dispatched the bad guys.
Peter had the fight in play-by-plays in his head. The entrance (kicking down the door), the fight (long and bloody) and the moment before the sonic burst, where the bad guys argued, one of them yelled that they didn’t know what the device did yet, and another said screw it, do it anyway.
Then it went off.
And Peter’s ears were still ringing after the police had surrounded the warehouse and Tony was helping Spiderman walk out of the building. The Channel 6 news was just pulling up to call for a statement when Peter groaned, shaking his head.
“You alright there, kid?” Tony asked, the helmet having receded into the rest of the armour.
“No,” Peter muttered, then frowned. Had he meant to say that? “My ears still hurt.”
“I’ll call the doc to meet us at the tower,” Tony replied, glancing back to see Rhodey in the War Machine get up talking to the head police officer on site. Then he looked back to the news crew approaching. “Oh crap.”
“What?”
“Katherine Everhart.”
“What about her?” Peter asked.
“We fucked once.” Peter looked up at him suddenly, a confused expression on Tony’s face. “I didn’t mean to say that out loud.”
Katherine Everhart appeared in Peter’s peripheral, the camera rushing along behind her. “Mr Stark,” she announced, “Spiderman. Christine Everhart, can you give us a statement about what happened here today?”
Peter looked to Tony, still in his mentor’s grip. “You got her name wrong.”
“I know I got her name wrong,” Tony replied, quiet, despite Christine’s raised eyebrow. “There were bad guys, we took them down.”
“Lots of bad guys,” Peter agreed.
“Do you know what organisation they worked for?” Christine asked, following along as Tony and Peter limped to the edge of the property.
“Yes,” Tony said. “It’s-”
“Classified,” Rhodey interrupted suddenly, appearing by Tony’s side. “Nice to see you again, Miss Everhart. We’ve gotta go. You okay to fly, Spidey?”
“Oh?” Peter asked, looking to Rhodey. “I’m okay to fly though I might throw up over Brooklyn if I do.” There was a beat, then Peter added: “But I’m wearing my mask so I’ll probably just throw up in my own face.”
Rhodey and Tony both blinked at him and Christine seemed lost for words.
“We should get going,” Rhodey announced, and as soon as Tony agreed, Peter was gripped tightly by the Iron Man armour and they shot off across New York.
Peter didn’t vomit during the trip, but it wasn’t for a lack of trying.
 
-
 
“Still in pain?” Tony asked when they reached the medbay.
Peter yanked off his mask to sit on the bed as Tony pulled an MIT sweatshirt on. Peter shook his head. “My ears don’t hurt anymore.”
“That’s good,” the doctor said with a nod, before starting the check up.
Peter squinted at Tony’s sweatshirt. “I like it,” he said when Tony raised an eyebrow.
“I stole it from Rhodey,” Tony replied. “I don’t know where my one is.”
The doctor checked Peter’s ears and gave him a full body scan, before frowning at an area of his brain lighting up on FRIDAY’s systems.
“Have you taken any drugs recently?” the doctor asked without looking at him.
Peter shrugged. “Not recently.”
Tony raised a pointed eyebrow. “Does that mean you’ve taken drugs not recently?”
Peter blinked. He knew the right answer was to say no, but- “How recently is not recently?”
“Peter.”
“Mr Stark.”
The doctor clicked at the keyboard in the background as the two of them stared off.
“Peter, have you taken recreational drugs before?”
No. Of course not. Never in my life. “Yes.” Jesus Christ, Peter. “I didn’t mean to say that.”
Tony stared at him and Peter wasn’t sure if he could work out the rage from the confusion. When he spoke, he did so incredibly slowly. “Peter Benjamin Parker. What recreational drugs have you taken?”
Peter’s mouth didn’t want to move. He didn’t want it to. He would do anything to just not open it and say: “I smoked weed a few times and then I went to a party and I think I tried E-”
“PETER-”
“-But my metabolism meant I couldn’t really feel the effect of it so it was like I didn’t take it at all.”
The room was entirely silent. Even the doctor was staring at Peter.
“I didn’t mean to say that, either.”
Just as Tony opened his mouth to no doubt ban Peter from drugs, drinking, Spiderman and possibly TV for the rest of his life, the doctor interrupted. “What do you mean, you didn’t mean to say that? What did you mean to say?”
“I meant to lie,” Peter replied with zero hesitation.
“Has this been going on for long?”
“Just since I got here, really.”
“Did anything happen on the mission to affect you in this way?”
There was a pause before Peter looked over to Tony. “That sound,” he said. “There was a noise – it took me down. Mr Stark got hit with it, too.”
The doctor nodded slowly. “And now you keep speaking without meaning to. You keep t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
mentions of drug use
Fluff
heart to heart conversations
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Truth Serum
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Its in The Shape of Peter Parker
peters like 17 in this
hes also done a few things in those two weeks he decided to be reckless

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

