Chapter 1: What Could Possibly Go Wrong?
    




Chapter Text
“Loki, please?”	For the ninth time that night, Loki rolled his eyes at the question.  “No.”	Still, when he looked over at the prone form of his brother lying in his bed, gloriously naked and streaked with white from their previous three orgasms of the night, he had to fight back a smile.  It didn’t help that Thor was looking at him with such big, pleading eyes that would put a puppy to shame.	But Loki wouldn’t take the bait.  “First of all, you should have been asleep two hours ago.  You can’t attend your own coronation ceremony struggling to stay awake.  As your brother, that’s my job.”	“Hang on!” Thor protested.  “Who was it that invited me to his bedchamber tonight, with the promise of ‘such delicacies befitting a future king?'”	“What was I supposed to say in front of Mother and Father?  ‘Fancy sucking your brother’s cock when you’re finished with dinner?’”	Thor smirked.  “I would have paid a handsome sum to see the look on Father’s face if you did.”	“Right,” Loki scoffed, “like I need another reason for him to be disappointed in me.”  He could feel Thor about to argue that point, with the familiar reassurances of ‘He’s not disappointed in you,’ and other such niceties that older brothers are supposed to say.  Well, maybe not just older brothers.  Maybe that was just a Thor thing.	Whatever.  Loki didn’t feel like hearing it.  He was getting sidetracked, anyway.  “Second of all, you have been perfectly content with my mouth and my ass for the last four hundred years.  Why you need to add a third hole to your prized collection is beyond me.”	“That’s not what this is about!”	“Then what is it about?”  Now Loki was heading away from gentle exasperation, and more toward true annoyance.  	At his tone, Thor grew sheepish, and shrugged.  “It’s special.”	Loki’s eyes started hurting from how hard they rolled at that.  “Why do we bother praying to the Norns at all?  We might as well build temples to vaginas, the way every man seems to worship them.”	Thor laughed at that.  “I don’t recall any complaints about how I’ve worshipped yours.”	Loki hit Thor with the nearest pillow, which worked well to distract Thor from how hard that made Loki blush.  Oh, how arrogant Thor could be about his skills in bed!	The worst part was that he had every right to be arrogant.  Thor was a master at deepthroating a cock, and an artist with his tongue when he ate out a cunt.  Loki had never had anyone half as talented between his legs, and he used to bed Fandral!	“But in all seriousness,” Thor said, though he looked prepared to flinch from another pillow assault promised by Loki’s warning glare.  “That’s not what I meant, that penetrating your cunt is special in itself.  Well, it is.  But it’s because it’s with you.”	Loki raised an eyebrow, in an expression of What bullshit is about to come spewing out your mouth now, Brother Dearest?  But he didn’t say anything, thereby allowing said bullshit to continue unchallenged.  For now.	Thor started caressing Loki’s thigh, the gentle touch enough to make his skin break out in gooseflesh.  “It’s such an intimate act, shared between lovers.  I would not want to share it with anyone but you.  And since this is our last night as two princes, I wanted to make tonight special.  That’s all.”	Right.  That’s all.  As if the ideas of intimacy and equality and feeling special to someone weren’t the wishes carved into Loki’s heart.  All it took was someone speaking them to send that heart racing.  Particularly if that someone was his stupid perfect idiot of a brother.	Well, if he could get the one concession from Thor that was required, then…maybe…	“If we were to do this—”	Thor jolted upright and lunged for Loki’s lips.  But Loki stayed him an inch away with a hand on his chest.  “If we were—”	Thor nodded eagerly.	“Will you promise to pull out?”	Loki caught the microexpression of disappointment on Thor’s face before he could cover it up.  But he quickly said, “Of course, of course, Brother!”	Ah.  So that was an important part of it for Thor, as well.  Loki couldn’t entirely blame him for it.  It always felt so much better to have an orgasm while clutched in another’s clenching heat.  Loki had done that with enough men and women to know that, Thor included.  And on the receiving end, he welcomed that spreading heat inside him when Thor released his seed deep in his bowels.  He’d never had it in his cunt from anyone, but he imagined it would feel just as good.However, though they were not mortals and therefore had no venereal diseases, there was one potential side effect of Thor coming inside his womb that Loki most certainly did not want.“I mean it,” Loki said.  “I’m not negotiating on this.”Thor was already climbing on top of Loki.  “I will not spill my seed inside you in this act, Brother.  I promise I will pull out.”But just as Loki tried focusing on relaxing his vaginal muscles, preparing for Thor to take him, Thor leaned down and licked a lon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/others
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

freeform: 
Vaginal Sex
Cunnilingus
Anal Sex
Magical Healing Cock
FertilityGod!Thor
Intersex!Loki
Loki Whump
Torture
BAMF!Loki
BAMF!Thor
Unplanned Pregnancy
Miscarriage
Babies
Men Crying
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
I promise
Fluff
Humor
Brotherly Love
Pre-Thor (2011)
all the way to
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Buckle Up Because We're Going On A Journey

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/others
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

