Chapter 1: Tipping Point
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers sat hunched over in his cubicle, trying hard to ignore the rattle of the air conditioner and the increasingly noisy rumbling sounds coming from his stomach and concentrate fully on his job. Around him, dozens of his colleagues did the same, the sounds of computer mice clicking and keyboards typing filling the otherwise quiet office.The atmosphere in the office was strained. The deadline for their current project was 20 minutes away (the launch of a new type of security software that Steve did not particularly care for or understand), and Steve and the rest of his department were busy uploading the final pieces of content in 30 different languages to Stark Industries' global website. Steve was tasked with uploading the Russian content, a tedious task made bearable only by one significant upside: James.James was the Russian translator whom Steve was frequently paired with. Their relationship was strangely intimate, considering they had never met. Whenever James sent him Russian content to upload, once the actual job was complete, they would banter back and forth over email about popular culture – films, books, TV shows and the like. Steve frequently had to stifle a snigger as he read James' sarcastic review of the latest comedy horror film he had seen, or his joy at something completely unexpected like the newest Pixar animation. James' sharp wit and obvious intellect were a source of joy in an otherwise monotonous job, and Steve always felt a little thrill whenever James' name popped up in his inbox. At the end of their email correspondences, they would always sign off in the same way: with a new cat picture. The routine was as comforting as it was exciting.The fact that he considered these emails to be a genuinely "exciting" part of his social life was, Steve knew, a sign that he had a problem. His problem was simple: he had almost no friends. He could count the number of people he saw on a social basis on one hand – Natasha Romanoff and Sam Wilson. His emails with James could be classed as friendly, but Steve did not think this qualified them as friends. Friendship required them to spend time together outside of work, and Steve had not even seen James' face, let alone met up with him for drinks or a chat.His depressingly small social circle was, in large part, Steve's own fault. Since leaving the Army 14 years previously, in 2004, Steve had not stayed in any city longer than a year. He had felt unable to settle, driven to wandering from city to city, state to state, uprooting his life every year or even every 6 months, as he sought to feel some kind of belonging, some sense of home. Friendships did not have time to form or develop, and Steve's natural introversion and unwillingness to talk about certain periods of his life did not help. The result was a lonely, isolated life. Sometimes, Steve would be in the middle of a crowd – in the street, or in the staff canteen at Stark Industries – and wonder what it would be like to turn to the person next to him and start up a conversation. It had been so long since Steve had initiated any form of social interaction that he could barely remember how to do it. 
 Notification: 1 new email! 
 Steve shook himself from his reverie and quickly opened his inbox, embarrassed at having caught himself daydreaming with the deadline looming so closely. To: Steven RogersFrom: James BarnesSubject: Russian content – FINAL SECTION Hey,Attached is the copy for the footer section on the new Russian pages. That should be it now! With 12 minutes to the deadline, go us ;)Have you ever watched Supernatural? I discovered it last week and I am OBSESSED.Cheers. James Barnes
Russian Translator

Stark Industries
 Steve quickly opened the attachment, copying and pasting the content at lightning speed into the relevant part of the website CMS and saving his changes. He looked at the clock. Still 9 minutes to go until the deadline. He punched the air in celebration, allowing himself to spin his chair around in victory for beating the deadline. The smile still on his face, he went back to James' email and typed out a reply. To: James BarnesFrom: Steven RogersSubject: Re: Russian content – FINAL SECTION Hi,Thanks! All updated now.No, I've not seen Supernatural. What channel is it on? I love spooky stuff. Steven Rogers
Website Administrator

Stark Industries
 Steve drummed his fingers on his desk as he waited eagerly for James' reply. As he waited, his thoughts began to wander. He contemplated how exactly to define his feelings for James. He liked the man, sure, but there was something else too; something more like a crush, a dalliance of the heart, drawing him to this faceless man with the beautiful mind whose emails had the power to get Steve's heart racing like a high schooler dancing with his crush at prom. He pondered asking James to meet up some time, during lunc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Alexander Pierce

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Gay Steve Rogers
BDSM
Porn With Plot
Sex Club
Sex
Identity Reveal
Marriage Proposal
Friendship
Love
Falling In Love
Romance
First Meetings
Vacation
Developing Relationship
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers-centric
War Veteran Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
War Veteran Sam Wilson
Mental Health Issues
Mental Breakdown
Nightmares
Flashbacks
Hallucinations
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Iraq
War
Trauma
Psychology
Recovery
Past Character Death
Death
Grief/Mourning
Secrets
Stalking
Past Abuse
Organized Crime
Crimes & Criminals
Gangsters
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Death Threats
Kidnapping
Character Study
Smut
Drama
Angst
Dark
Hurt/Comfort
Survivor Guilt
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Alexander Pierce

