Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Hulk watches from the shadows as Thanos picks his way through the human debris of the Stateman.
 
Thanos’ eyes drift over the scattered bodies with callous interest, his gaze lingering a little longer on the bloodied form of Thor. Then, in his own time, Thanos looks up to acknowledge Loki. Hulk sees Loki mask his fear and anger in an instant, his face calm and disinterested by the time he meets Thanos’ eye. And then, over the gurgling wounds and anguished gasps, Hulk hears Thanos’ start to speak.
 
“I know what it feels like to lose…”
 
Hulk hears the words but doesn’t analyse them. He is not distracted by their true significance – Hulk is just waiting for his cue.
 
“The Tesseract or your brothers head. I assume you have a preference?”
 
Hulk watches as Thor convulses, green flesh twitching against the instinct to intervene. But he has been told not to intervene. Not until he hears his cue.
 
“As much as I am enjoying this…” Loki speaks calmly, ignoring his brothers continuing agony, “…Neither of us can ever find the Tesseract without him.”
 
Thanos stops then. Thor’s body slumps, hanging like meat from Thanos’ huge fist. Thanos’ narrows his eyes at Loki.
 
“And, as noble as it would be to sacrifice myself so that you would never find it – it just isn’t in my nature.” Loki smiled thinly “I could care less what you do with the lesser Son of Odin. And perhaps the Tesseract is better lost forever than in your hands. But it does seem such a tragic waste.”
 
Thanos’ fingers flex against Thor’s skull with a sickening crack. Loki doesn’t blink.
 
“You’ll tell me where it is, or I will kill you both” He tells Loki simply.
“If I tell you where it is, you will kill us both. For as long as I don’t tell you, you’ll let us live. Or any hope you have of finding the Tesseract dies with us.” Loki cocks his head, and smiles
“Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian”
“Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian.” Loki corrects him “And for another... we have a Hulk.” 
 
That’s his cue.  
 
It’s the last thing that makes sense. After that, there’s the shock of being thrown to the floor so easily, a sudden shift in his very understanding of physics…the flash of metal, the cracking of bone… the world on its side, as Thanos towers above him, as fast as that…. Hulk watches as Thanos snatches Thor again, pulling him off of his feet as though he were weightless. He sees Thanos speak to Loki, close, too close for Hulk to hear the words…And then the colours. So many colours. 
 
When Bruce wakes up on the floor of 177A Bleecker Street his very first thought is that he’s losing time.   
 
He tries to talk. Before he even opens his eyes, before he thinks of where he is or who he might be talking to, he remembers that desperate need to warn someone. Thanos has Thor. Thanos is collecting infinity stones. Thanos is coming. But his throat is raw and his whole body hurts and there are so many words in his head. And panic, the high-pitched alarm of panic, that only grows louder the longer it takes him to get himself together.  
 
He tries to explain what happened and realises he doesn’t even know. He doesn’t know where Thanos took Thor and Loki, or why. He has no idea what Loki’s plan was, or whose side he was on. Thanos whole plan doesn’t mean anything to Bruce. The two men that have found him, Dr Something and a name Bruce didn’t hear, have started firing questions at him. He can’t answer any of them. For a moment, Bruce can only think of everything he doesn’t know, and the sheer amount of it threatens to suffocate him. Then he stops himself. He puts his palms up, and stops the men from talking at him. He tries to think – what does he know? What can he be sure of? 
 
“Tony Stark. I need to get in contact with Tony Stark.” 
 
*
 
Tony was actually having quite a good day.  
 
Of course, that meant something different, these days. Everything is relative. There was a time when any one of his morning meetings would have been enough to ruin his whole week. A time when that dull ache in his chest would have been abnormal. A time when being completely numb to the world would have been cause for concern. But things were different now, weren’t they? And these days, an argument with Ross actually reaching a conclusion made it a good day. There being no stabbing pains in his heart made it a good day.  
 
And he wasn’t thinking about Steve right now. That made it a very good day. 
 
Because, however much pain and stress Tony had accepted as part of his life, there was a time when things had been much, much worse. A time when he spent every meeting in a state of rage or anxiety, barely able to keep up with all the demands. A time when his heart had felt as though it was in the process of being torn out of his chest, all day, every day. A time when he spent every second hating Steve or missing Steve, or thinking this wouldn’t be such a mess if Steve hadn’t left – which was really just a weird mix of the two. Now, there were minutes, h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
marvel trumps hate
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Time Travel
Lack of Communication
Communication Failure
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

