Work Text:
It don’t feel wrong, holding Steve like this. His tiny body fits in Bucky’s arms just right, better than any of the fast dames drenched in drugstore perfume he dances with when the lights are blaring and Brooklyn’s pressing its knees and elbows into every part of him. It’s quiet here. Well, mostly. The city never shuts its gob. Past midnight, and it’s still complaining to anybody who’ll listen. Bucky don’t listen. He don’t pay it any mind at all. He’s busy. He’s completely caught up in this tangle of legs and arms, some strapping, some skinny. They don’t feel no different from each other in the dark.“My feet too cold, Buck?” Steve says, his voice hoarse and a bit wheezy, like his lungs are a pair of bellows with a hole or three punched in them. “I can move ’em. S’no problem.”Bucky traps Steve’s ankles between his shins, pinning the smaller man’s feet with his own. “Nah. You’re good. You’re. They’re perfect, Stevie. You know I get too hot. You’re like an air-conditioning unit that don’t cost a dime.”“I cost you plennya dimes.”“Shut up, willya? You know I don’t like you talkin’ like that.”Steve falls silent, stiffening. Bucky don’t need to see his face to know it’s come over stubborn, like a goat he saw once at the zoo. He didn’t never see nothing more stubborn than that stupid goat ’til that day in an alley behind the Jewish deli, the bitter-salt reek of full-sour pickles making his mouth water, not a red cent to his name. It was the first time out of hundreds Bucky watched scrawny little Steve Rogers get up from his skinned knees, surrounded on all sides by boys miles bigger’n him, blood streaming down his chin and dripping onto the wilted collar of his shirt. Plop. Plop. Bloom. His weak jaw was like iron. Before that day, Bucky didn’t know something could be two things at once like that. That’s the kind of stubborn comes over Steve when money-talk flares up. Bucky can feel it, rigid as a wall building itself brick by brick between them.Bucky holds his breath, waiting for Steve to decide how sore he is. He don’t let go. Letting go is giving in. He tightens his arms, pulling his friend closer, tucking his sweet, small ass more firmly into the curve of his groin. Praying he don’t get a goddamn hard-on. Not until Steve’s at least fallen asleep, and won’t know no different. Steve sighs, relaxing, going boneless in Bucky’s arms. He presses himself back into Bucky’s damp chest. “You’re a furnace, Buck,” he says appreciatively, letting the tension drop like a penny down a well.“I don’t cost you a dime, neither.” Bucky jokes, tickling Steve gently, his rough fingers slotting between his ribs like every part of him has a place to live somewhere on Steve’s body, no matter how big he is, compared. Steve’s like another part of him that got tore off by mistake. Made into a whole other person he cares about so much more than the rest of him. Steve got all the best parts of them both. That’s why he’s so small. Bucky didn’t have all that much to contribute.“You don’t cost me a thing, Bucky.” Steve murmurs. His body droops, slackening into Bucky’s embrace. He drops off to sleep, his breath rumbling wet in his chest, like a brand-clean sheet snapping in the breeze. Steve’s pulse is an erratic flutter Bucky don’t like much. Bucky tracks it, his calloused fingers pressed into the soft inside of his friend’s wrist. It don’t feel so good. It don’t feel right. Nothing like the vigorous clamour of Bucky’s heart slamming into his ribs. It ain’t fair. But it’s the way it is. And it’s got to be good enough. It does the job, and that’s better than nothing by a long shot.Bucky waits ’til he’s really gone deep before pressing his face into Steve’s hair. He smells so good, like dust and skin, a hint of cheap bar soap they take turns using to wash their hair in the sink once a week. Steve always smells so good, never mind they don’t have no place to bath proper. Bucky always smells like a goddamn armpit that’s spent the day chain-smoking, but Steve don’t mind. He don’t even seem to notice. Bucky tries to keep clean for him. For this. But it ain’t always easy. He works like a mule all day, sweating his guts out down on the docks, and the landlady’s so stingy with water you’d think there was a drought. Water’s the one thing they got plenty of. They should get to waste it like kings. They sure as shit don’t got nothing else to splurge. Nothing but moments like this one. The two of them clinging together in the dark away from where anybody can see them, talking ’til they can’t think of nothing more to say. But even their silence is comfortable. They don’t need no words. They don’t need nothing but each other, this bed, that skyline.Bucky can feel the knobs of Steve’s spine against his mouth. The back of the guy’s neck is like an abacus. He presses his lips to each bead in turn, counting them as he goes. Counting all the delicate things inside of Steve he can only touch from the outside. And he’s grateful. So goddamn grateful. This i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
World War II
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Slash
First Time
Stucky - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

