Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So, a six inch laceration on your left arm, badly bruised shoulder, bruised tailbone, lacerations on both fists, strained wrist, mild head injury, a dandy little case of frostnip, which isn't nearly as adorable as it sounds, exhaustion and dehydration.  Did I miss anything?”Maria Hill stared at the ceiling of medical.  There was a picture of a grumpy looking cat taped there, with a word bubble that read, “For God's sake, stop getting hurt!”  It was far more amusing than it should've been.“I think,” she said after a moment of careful consideration, “that I need to get laid.” Dr. Anna Garza paused, one dark eyebrow arching.  “Okay,” she said at last.  “I will admit, I missed that one.  In my defense, we haven't yet come up with a definitive medical test for that particular ailment, so, I'm not feeling too bad about it.  I can add it to your chart, if you'd like, but it'll be for informational purposes only.”Maria wondered if the cat was judging her.  It probably was.  Anna appeared to change the word bubble often, and Maria had seen far too many of them.  “What, you can't do anything about it?”“I'm flattered, but all I can offer you is a particularly strong prescription.  As a token of my gratitude.” Anna threw herself into the nearby visitor's chair.  She looked tired, her skin drawn tight over her prominent cheekbones.  She kicked off her shoes.  “I question your taste, but I'm flattered.  Not interested, you understand.  But flattered.”Maria allowed herself the faintest twitch of a smile.  “I wasn't hitting on you.”“Well, in that case, you can make do with a heavy dose of ibuprofen,” Anna said without missing a beat.  “Should've kept your mouth shut.”“Story of my life.”  Maria let her eyes close.  Everything ached.  She shouldn't have stopped, shouldn't have let herself come to rest.  Now it was the weight of everything was bearing down on her, and she wanted to scream.  Or sob.  Not that she'd ever allow herself either.  “Your life story seems painful and violent,” Anna said.  “I'd worry about that, if I were you.”“Your bedside manner is lousy, has anyone ever told you that?”“Only the ones who annoy the hell out of me.”  She reached for her coffee cup, staring down into the depths with a suspicious look.  “You want sympathy and gentle understanding?  Go down to the damn psych department, they get paid to put up with this shit.  Me?  I'm here to keep your squishy, blood filled bits inside your body and functioning properly.”“You do it well.”Anna toasted her with the styrofoam cup.  “Damn straight.”  With the mien of a gunslinger facing down a desperado, she tossed back the remainder of the coffee, and began coughing almost immediately.  “Dios mio, that's vile.”  She flipped the cup towards the trash.  “So, what's wrong, Agent Hill?”Maria's lips twitched.  “Thought you weren't part of the psych department.”“I'm not.”  Anna gave her a shrug.  “But we've got a couple of seconds of downtime, and you seem to want to talk to someone.  And the good thing about being in the medical department?  I'm not above you or below you.  I'm outside of the chain of command, on some level.  I'm not saying I'm at your paygrade, but neither am I a direct report.”  Despite the flippant words, her gaze was level and calm.  “So?  You wanna talk?  We can talk, you and me, and it doesn't have to be a thing.”Maria shook her head.  “Thank you,” she said, and it sounded too polite, too precise, even to her own ears.  “But that's not necessary.”“Okay,” Anna said.  She didn't get up.  She didn't take it back.  She just reached for Maria's medical file and flipped through the pages, making a notation here and there as the silence stretched.“Don't you ever just-”  Maria let her head fall back.  “Just want to forget about everything and have grinding, hot, burn the bed up sex?”Anna chuckled.  “Not really my thing,” she said.“Well, then, what do you do for fun?”Anna tossed Maria's medical file to the side.  “Ponder the mysteries of the universe.  Mostly, I attempt to figure out what's keeping Tony Stark's ribcage in one piece.”That startled a laugh out of Maria.  “Yeah?  Drawn any conclusions?”“Not as of yet, but I'm pretty sure it involves stubbornness and a complete denial of accepted rules of medical science.”  Her fingers drummed out an easy rhythm.  “When's the last time you had a whole weekend off, Maria?”She had to think about that, and thinking about it was depressing.  “I don't even know,” she admitted at last.  “I don't think I'd know what to do with a weekend off.  Do any of us know what to do with ourselves when we're not doing, well, this?”  Her head tipped forward.  “What do you do?Anna grinned.  “What do I do, when I'm not working?  I have a book club.  We meet every other week, on Tuesdays.  Week one is serious literature, fussy books about real subjects, deep, meaningful books.  Alternate Tuesdays are margaritas the size of our heads and reading bad romance novels aloud.  We're currently focusing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Sif

freeform: 
Humor
Get Together
girl time
I'm getting rather sick of dudes and so is everyone else in this fic
Friendship

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Sif

