Chapter 1: Spider Interrupted
    




Chapter Text
Wade is man enough to admit to some light stalking. 
It isn’t like he follows Spider-Man home and watches him sleep. He respects the other man’s desire to keep his secret identity secret and has resisted all temptation to shadow him back to wherever he’s spun his web and touch himself as the hero takes off his mask and peels off that gorgeously well-fitted suit. Even if Wade does wake once or twice a month, panting and covered in sweat, from that exact dream. 

But that doesn’t mean Wade can’t keep an eye on him otherwise. Following #spiderspotting on Twitter is not a crime. Neither is coincidentally needing to attend to something near where someone has spotted a spider. Following Spider-Man once he’s found him probably is a crime, but Wade isn’t very concerned by this on account of already being a criminal. He’s not a total pervert, though; he frequently makes contact with Spider-Man while the young man is patrolling, as much to feel less like a stalker as to bask in being the recipient of anything his sweetheart says.

Even if “anything” includes I’m working, Deadpool and Go away, I’m busy and don’t look at me like that.

Eventually, Spider-Man had mostly even come to tolerate Wade. They occasionally patrolled together, only Wade really speaking. And Wade could watch him close up in action. He could see spandex over lithe muscle glorifying a body so graceful and flexible as to make the lovechild of an acrobat and a contortionist cry in envy. On very, very rare occasions, they even had real conversations. Spider-Man likes rainy weather, Pokemon Go, and fantasy novels. He has trouble making friends in his daytime life. He’s in college. He’s always tired—he claims he works in addition to school and patrolling. He’s a deadly fighter, but doesn’t believe in killing. He can jump six feet straight up in the air without even trying. He can climb walls. 

These nuggets of information—trivial, yes, but hard won—live close to Wade’s guarded heart. He sometimes repeats them like a mantra, scenes flashing before his mind’s eye—Spider-Man yawning under his mask, catching Spider-Man on his phone spinning pokestops, Spider-Man saying “I don’t know, I like it” when Wade comments on the downpour ruining the day, Spider-Man leaping backwards onto a ledge to avoid a hug Wade had aimed at him—and Wade could pretend that they were friends. Maybe they would have been, he reflects, if Wade wasn’t so crude, flirtatious, inappropriate (murderous, says a voice in his head), desperate not to let the object of his obsession close enough to reject him for who he was rather that what he seemed to be. 

It helps him keep his jerk-off fantasies of winning Spidey’s heart alive.

That is probably why Wade doesn’t realize anything is wrong at first. It matches up reasonably well with everything he knows about his little Spider.

Spider-Man hangs out on rooftops—check.

Spider-Man is out at night—check.

Spider-Man is always tired—check.

Wade walks up to the sweetly sleeping form tucked away in the corner of the roof of a high-rise he had known Spider-Man favored, feeling relieved. He hasn’t seen his favorite hero in while—two weeks, at least—and he has gotten no twitter notifications about sightings. He had been worried something had happened. He lets himself drink the form of his obsession in at length, exploring with his eyes the muscular formation of the leg, the flat plain of the stomach, the broadening at the chest, the temptingly slender curve of his neck, the hints of high cheekbones beneath the mask. Like a Greek statue of an ancient twink.

“Hey, Spidey,” he greets when he’s drunk his fill. The form doesn’t move, chest continuing to rise and fall slowly and steadily. Wade’s boot nudges his thigh. “Long night? Don’t tell me you had a hot date, it might break my heart.”

Spider-Man doesn’t move. Wade nudges him again. Nothing. 

Wade crouches down and repeats his name, much louder, in his ear. There is no response. Panic rising in his stomach, Wade grasps the small form by the shoulders and shakes. 

The hero is limp and unresponsive. But, Wade notes, worry and pragmatism warring with each other, his breathing is fine and so is his pulse. Wade feels along his skull under his suit, noticing that the material seems much looser and softer than usual. He finds no bumps and feels no squelches of blood. Somewhat reassured, Wade sits back on his heels, contemplating the unconscious body of his obsession. Nothing to do but wait, he thinks, and sits down on the rooftop. 

He glances around, listening to the sound of the bustling city below and the pleasantly cool summer night breeze about them. It’s far from the top of Wade’s list of strangest social encounters, but he still feels like a bit of an intruder as he keeps watch over his wish-he-was-my friend/patrol partner. He knows instinctively that the hero would want to be alone when he woke up. Wade is antsy, desperate to get an explanation
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Strangers to Lovers
Fluffy
Memory Loss
I promise there is a plot
Redemption
Pancakes
Enthusiastic Consent
I didn’t lie about the plot but the plot is over now
im just writing about them getting to know each other in their new context
Wade is a responsible and attentive lover

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

