Chapter 1: Waltzing into a den of wolves
    




Chapter Text
Steve could hardly believe what was happening, like he was stuck in the middle of a haze, swathed in shadows where every turn reaped only darkness. It didn’t seem real– it couldn’t, it shouldn’t have been real, a scene torn from horrors that belonged only in the confines of a tortured mind.It wasn’t that he was naïve. He’d seen war, he knew the atrocities people were capable of committing– but everything had been going so well, until, of course, suddenly it wasn’t. And for something to be torn from the depths of his own terror and presented to him as if it were a gift was just... well. His mind was near blank, caught in a surge of memories that caused his ability to formulate a decision to splutter out of his grasp. The scene swam before Steve’s blurred vision, Clint’s panicked questions sounding distant as he remained unable to focus on anything but his own horror.It was any leader’s worst nightmare, to be made to choose between two members of his team.It was any person’s worst nightmare, to be forced to choose between two of his friends.Steve squeezed his eyes shut.Tony Stark wasn’t even supposed to have been there.“Cap!”Steve tried to shake the thoughts from his mind, tried to push away the memory of choosing to leave Bucky alone in the train carriage while he moved forward to try and capture Zola.(Peggy said that it had been Bucky’s choice. Steve didn’t think he believed her.)The scenes were not all that similar, not really, but Steve’s mind was twisting into knots, and he was terrified that this would turn out the same.Iron Man, the person Steve would probably label his best friend in this century, was stretched out across the ground, his shining red armour caked in dust but still managing to gleam under the bright desert sun. He lay face down, a heavy boot pressing his helmet against the ground as the barrel of a gun was held to the join in the armour’s neck. He had been entirely unresponsive ever since the brutes had thrown him down, and it was impossible to tell how much damage had been done.It wasn’t a thought that he allowed to linger.To make things even worse, Tony Stark was hanging limply from the grasp of another big man in beige protective gear, clearly unconscious although there was no visible injury other than his too-red skin and a single drop of blood on the left side of his face. Steve noticed that his chest was rising and falling with ragged breaths, wrapped in a torn and grubby suit jacket Steve remembered seeing him wear that morning as he headed out to a meeting.Two people in danger. An Avenger who had moved too far ahead of the group and a civilian engineer who was supposed to still be back in New York.Both had guns to their heads, and Steve was being asked to choose.The guy holding Tony snarled something indecipherable, forcing Steve back to reality, his veins surging with adrenaline.“You’d best pick soon, Captain,” said a grubby man standing behind the others, his voice quiet and unsteady. A translator. “They don’t want to be kept waiting.”No.
No. 
There had to be another way out. There had to be.Steve couldn’t lose another friend.He cast his gaze about wildly, assessing a situation that he had already assessed a thousand times, desperately searching for an answer that he knew he wouldn’t find. A quick glance to Clint, standing only a few yards from Steve himself, proved that the archer’s quiver was completely empty with no hope of a refill. Steve could see his shield– it was about twenty yards away, under the wheel of a jeep. Even if he could get to it, he couldn’t get at it, at least not quickly enough to make a difference. And with the number of guns these guys were waving about - not to mention the Enhanced who seemed to have some kind of affinity for fire - there was no hope of winning a fight without weapons.“Cap,” Clint muttered out of the corner of his mouth, his voice still sounding strange to Steve, like it was being carried across on the desert breeze rather than being spoken into his ear from the comm. “Cap, I don’t want to seem like I’m telling you what to do, but do we really have a choice here?”Steve didn’t want to believe it, but he was forced to accept that there wasn’t another way out. This was the only way, and part of being a leader meant that you had to make the tough decisions. Sure, Steve could decide not to give an answer at all, but that in itself was still a decision– and one that would no doubt damn them all.There was a chance, of course, that they were lying, that Steve could give an answer and the men would kill them all, anyway. Steve didn’t think so, though. Maybe the hit to the head he’d taken during the fight had affected him more than he’d initially believed, but he thought that the men were probably being sincere. There seemed to be something they wanted, and it didn’t take a genius to work out what.Time was running out, the man with his gun to Iron Man’s neck was twitching impatiently,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Slow Burn
Secret Identity
Kidnapping
Trust Issues
Torture
Betrayal
Tony Stark Has Issues
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Aquaphobia
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Dark Tony Stark
Dubious Morality
Dependency
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Pining
Domestic Fluff
Cuddling
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Love Confessions
Eventual Smut
Sex
Romantic Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Separation Anxiety
Bananas
Families of Choice
Mental Link
Healing
Fluffy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

