Work Text:
The thing about knives is, for as crude and barbaric as they are compared to more the recently innovated, far more devastating weapons of the here-and-now 21st century, they’re kind of terrifyingly dangerous when someone’s trying to stab you with one. Tony is suddenly intimately aware of that. Peter is too, only times about three hundred, because, well, spandex. “You know, if you think about it, I could probably just thwip the knife away from him and call it a day, right? Like, this doesn’t have to be all that complicated and drawn out, and as long as I don’t get stabbed or anything-”“Actually, how about we don’t do that, kid.”“Just an idea, Mr. Stark.”They’re hurrying to the scene currently unfolding just outside of a tiny, ridiculously overpriced souvenir shop, tucked away in a relatively quiet corner of the city a good few blocks away from anything even in the area code of important. These handful of sleepy streets have a notoriously dull reputation, which is exactly why they’re in the area. It’s the kind of place where nothing really happens and no one really visits, and the only people around are typically the most map-blind of people who wander hopelessly far from their tour course, the handful of bumbling folks who are unfortunate enough to live around here, and a billionaire and his camera shy sidekick looking for a cup of coffee and somewhere quiet to talk suits for an hour or two on a cloudy Saturday morning.However, today seems to be the day the incredibly boring area is finally seeing some action, because there’s a guy wandering around here who’s higher than a kite and currently waving around a big ass kitchen knife at innocent passerby.Tony’s pretty sure that dull reputation is officially circling the drain right about now. So, Peter and Tony had consecutively decided they best intervene before some poor tourist gets stabbed, even if their coffee date has to be temporarily postponed because of it. It’s only seconds after they skid to a halt at the beginning of the action that they’re noticed.“OH MY GOD, THE AVENGERS ARE HERE!” Peter waves in greeting with some witty quip, but Tony’s more focused on the action at hand, taking in the situation at a glance. There’s the druggie, of course, stumbling around with the distant cousin of the sword Arthur pulled from the stone clenched in his hand, but there’s also a crowd gathering around him, and they seem to have pretty efficiently cornered him against the wall of the souvenir shop. Tony has long held some serious concerns for the self-preservation instincts of New Yorkers, but today he’s at least mildly glad for them. They’ll make his and Peter’s job easier, considering their aggressive herding tendencies and fierce determination when it comes to recording even the most slightly interesting things with their smartphones held out in front of them like weapons, and they’ll help keep the guy in one relative place.Because, really, stoners are kind of a tough situation to handle. They’re violent and dangerous, but they also aren’t usually in the right headspace to be making responsible decisions, and rarely realize the consequences of their actions until there’s a blade buried to the hilt in someone’s chest or a bullet through an opponent’s head. So, because of that, Tony would rather take it slow at first and at least try to handle this somewhat peacefully before pulling out the physical violence. With any luck, there won’t be any opportunity for impalement in the meantime. But then the druggie lunges at an unfortunately nearby man who got a little too enthusiastic with his filming ambitions, and Tony realizes this might be a little more serious than he originally thought.“Okay, Mr. Stark, I don’t think this guy is messing around anymore,” Peter reports, his voice cracking in alarm as he darts forward to usher the crowd back, at the same time making a beeline for the guy cradling his now bleeding hand to his chest. Now that there’s blood in the picture and the guy has actually attempted to slash somebody Freddy Krueger style, the situation has escalated quickly, and holds a hell of a lot of potential to escalate even further in these next few minutes. The druggie is just stumbling around near the wall of the souvenir shop now, his knife tight in his grip and looking vaguely pissed off, while the owner of said souvenir shop stands just inside the door with her nose practically pressed up against the glass, and the surrounding crowd is just growing more anxious still. Basically, the situation just took a nosedive from admittedly crappy to flat out shitty. Tony wants coffee.“Believe it or not, I think I might have figured that out for myself, kid,” Tony returns dryly as Peter fusses over the stabbed guy’s hand, carefully webbing it up to stop the bleeding. The guy seems kind of dazed, looking from Peter to his stabbed hand repeatedly with a stunned expression, casting a bewildered look Tony’s way every once in a while for good measure. Peter looks
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
but shh they don't know that
Father-Son Relationship
Family Feels
Stabbing
Hospitals
Fluff and Angst
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Rhodey is the one level headed person as usual
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

