Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The thud made May jump and she quickly went to Peter’s room. The teen was on the floor with the Spider-Man mask still on, staring blankly up the ceiling.“Peter?” May called out worriedly.“Ow,” Peter replied and raised a hand. “Hi May.”“Are you okay, sweetie?” May asked, looking at Peter on the ground.“Think so, just, uh, just a weirdly-dressed dude hitting me with sparkles.” Peter yanked his mask off, squinting at his light. “Lost him because of the lights. Not going to lie, though, I kind of feel funny.”“Funny-I-should-call-Tony or funny-I’m-going-to-puke?”“Um…” Peter tilted his head slightly as he considered his predicament. “Funny-a-nap-would-really-help.” May just laughed at that.“Well, then, hit the showers first, you smell terrible,” she said. “You have school and I have work. I’ll see you in the morning.”“Yup. G’night, May.”Neither of them gave another thought of ‘the dude with sparkles’, May going straight to bed while Peter showered before going to sleep. She was more than a little surprised when Peter was still in bed the next morning.“Peter?” she called out, knocking on his door. A quiet whimper answered and May opened the door.She froze.“Oh my god, Peter!”...Tony was in the middle of having his coffee with Pepper when his phone rang. Spotting it was from May he swiped and put it on speaker.“Hi, May, what’s—”“Tony, get your a— butt down here right now!” May screeched into the phone, panic lacing her voice. Without even thinking Tony shot out of his seat and towards the patio, already getting his suit ready. “And have Pepper come with the car!” He paused at that, raising an eyebrow as he turned to give a confused look at an equally confused Pepper.“May, what’s—”“Just get over here now! Door’s unlocked for you!” “Just go,” Pepper said, waving at Tony. “I’ll get Happy to drive me over.” Tony nodded before his suit formed around him, and he took off towards Queens. Worry gnawed at him, wondering what could have set May off like this.He landed on the roof and quickly walked towards the door, suit melting away. (Oh, how he wanted to run, but the neighbors were still there and running would cause attention.) “May, what’s going on?” Tony finally managed to ask as he walked into the apartment.“Tony!” a tiny voice cried and Tony froze as a tiny teary Peter, held by May, waved his arms towards Tony. “’M sorry, Tony, I din’ mean to!” May walked over and Peter practically threw himself into Tony’s arms, crying and apologizing into his neck.“What the fuck?” Tony said then cringed at the glare May gave him. “I mean, uh, heck?”“I have no idea, and neither does Peter,” she bit out. “I woke up to him like this.” May wrung her hands with a worried expression.“’M sorry, Tony, I don’ know what happen,” Peter whimpered out as he pulled away from the crook of Tony’s neck. “I wake up an’ I’m like this.”“It’s okay, kid, we, uh, we can figure this out,” Tony quickly reassured. Peter’s teary eyes and red face nearly made the man pull him back into his arms and cuddle him.“But schoo’! An’ work!” Peter exclaimed, looking at May.“I called him out sick for today and tomorrow, but I can’t keep him out indefinitely,” May explained, “and I can’t take off work, I’m working doubles this week, and— oh shoot, I’m going to be late!”“Happy will take you,” Tony automatically said, running his hand through Peter’s hair and smiling down at the kid in his arm. Peter sniffled but wasn’t crying anymore, turning to hug Tony around the neck. “I can keep an eye on the kid. I’ll have Helen run a scan, see what we can do.”“It was the sparkle man,” Peter said, his voice muffled. He pulled back, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hands and looking miserable. (Holy shit, mini-Peter was fucking adorable. Tony seriously wanted to just cuddle the kid, maybe kiss his cheeks, definitely spoil him.) “May?” Pepper called out as she entered the apartment with a worried look. “What’s goin—”“Mommy!” Peter cried out, waving his arms towards her for a hug. Tony blinked, Pepper froze, and May nearly died holding back her laughter, judging by the loud snort she gave. Peter blinked then his face went red and he looked down. “’M sorry, Peppa, I din’ mean to say that.”“I kind of liked that, honestly,” Tony said, a grin slowly forming.“You would,” May choked out between fits of giggles. “Shi—oot, I have to get to work.”“Right, uh,” Tony stuttered and let Peter down when the boy squirmed in his arms. Peter quickly ran into his room and came right back with his Spider-Man suit, along with an old stuffed gray owl that looked like it had seen better days.“Is that Hedwig?” May asked, a laughing tone in her voice. Peter hugged the owl closer and Tony grinned at just how absolutely fucking adorable Peter was being as he took the Spider-Man suit. “Okay, be good to Tony and Pepper, okay?” Peter nodded, letting the engineer scoop him up as Pepper took the Spider-Man suit from him, hiding it in a bag.“Thanks for taking me to work,” May quickly said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Humor
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

