Work Text:
 Peter felt someone nudge him. He sat up, blinking slowly. Oh yeah, he was in class. He really should get more sleep. "As I was saying,", his teacher, Mr. Harrington said, looking at him in an annoyed fashion. "I have a surprise for the class! Since so many of you have complained about school trips being mundane and repetitive, and since you all scored so well in last terms finals, Principal Morita has pulled a few strings and gotten us a field trip this Friday to, drum roll please..." Mr Harrington said, the excitement evident in his voice. The students started to drum on the tables, whispering speculations. "Stark Industries at the Avengers compound!" The class immediately burst into elated cheers as people chattered amongst themselves about the upcoming field trip. Everyone was excited. Well, everyone except Peter. Who was currently banging his head on the desk repeatedly while Ned practically vibrated from excitement next to him. MJ just smirked in Peter's direction."I can't believe we get to go to the Avengers compound! Do you think we'll get to see any of them? I'm so excited!" Ned rambled. Peter stopped slamming his head into the desk long enough to give his friend a Look™. "Ned, you go to the compound all the time. You were there yesterday. You've met all the Avengers." Ned stopped for a second."Oh yeah. Well, still, you finally get to prove Flash wrong! Think about how good that'll feel, Peter! Now everyone will finally know you aren't a liar!" Peter just groaned again. He knew Tony was behind this. Just because Peter beat him in Just Dance last night, he was going to do his hardest to embarrass him in front of his entire class. "Hey Penis! Is your buddy Spiderman gonna be at the compound? What about your personal friend Ironman?" Peter rolled his eyes. "I guess we'll see this Friday, won't we, Eugene?" MJ said, not looking up from her book. "I guess we will." Flash said quietly, backing down. Peter groaned again. "Oh and, Peter, see me after school." Mr. Harrington added, almost as an afterthought. "Well, that can't be good." Peter sighed, resigning himself to his fate. ~~~~~  "Now, Peter, I understand that there is a rumor going around that you have an internship at Stark Industries. Some people hve even claiming that you are Mr. Stark's personal intern. It was funny in the beginning, but as we're going there this Friday, you should clear this up to avoid embarrassment." Peter stared at his teacher, stunned. "I- Mr. Harrington, i'm not lying, I really do intern there, and I am Tony's personal intern, I have the papers to prove it-" Peter said, hurt that even his teachers thought he was lying. He thought that when Tony had come to pick him up from the nurse's office that one time the faculty would believe him, after the hard time they'd given him when he added Tony as his second emergency contact. Maybe no one believed her, either. His teacher sighed. "I hoped you wouldn't do that, Peter. I'm sorry, but you've been banned from the trip. The school doesn't condone lying, Peter, I thought better of you. The principal said if you don't come clean, you can't join your classmates on the trip. We can't have you saying something on the trip and ruining the school's reputation. Think about this, Peter. You don't get opportunities like this often. I'm giving you one last chance to come clean." Peter's jaw tightened. "I'm sorry to disappoint you, sir, but I'm telling the truth." Mr. Harrington sighed. "Very well. I'll see you tomorrow, Peter." Peter nodded stiffly and left the room, his eyes burning with the threat of tears. This wasn't fair! He gets one good thing in his life and everyone thinks he's lying about it.  He spots Happy's car and walks over, throwing his bag in the back and climbing in after it. Happy looks over at him, forehead creasing in concern. Despite what he'd have you believe, Happy had warmed up to Peter considerably. "What's wrong, kid?" Happy asked, noting his slumped figure and red eyes. "Nothing." Peter mumbled. Happy left it at that, knowing that the kid wouldn't budge. He sighed and started driving.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Peter casually walked up the side of the compound until he reached the private floors and entered through a window. It wasn't like walking sideways or upside down bothered him. In fact, he preferred it to normal walking, but he couldn't do it inside anymore after scaring the life out of Sam one too many times. "Hey Friday. Is Dad here?" Peter asked the AI, tossing his bag to the side and walking to the kitchen, looking for the Nutella jar he knew Tony kept hidden somewhere. "Boss is in his lab. The other's are not currently in the compound, except Bucky, who is asleep." "Alright, thanks Fri." Peter said, finally locating the jar and grabbing a spoon before heading to Tony's lab. Ever since the Avengers had discovered his identity two months ago, Tony had allowed them to hang out with Peter once a week, which had the added bonus of giving the Avengers and the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter meets Shuri
Memes
yeet
Tag
avengers tag is hilarious
Peter is a Little Shit
shuri is a bigger shit
Deaf Clint Barton
clint is also a little shit
Bisexual Peter Parker
Gay Shuri
Swearing
Bake Off
Anti-gravity
anti-gravity chamber
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
the description is weird but the trip does happen
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

