Work Text:
His mother coughs, rough and rattling. The handkerchief she presses to her lips comes away red with blood. She is pale and she is shaking. His mother has been ill many times before—as has Steve, though young he might be—but this time, Steve knows, is not like the others.His mother beckons him nearer—nearer, but not too close, for Steve is fragile and what Sarah has might well be catching. Steve would never describe his mother's voice as weak, but it comes close when she speaks. “Steve, darling,” she says, her eyes—blue, same as his—warm with love and bright with fever, “I do not have much time. I can tell.”The tears well up in his eyes and there is a sob waiting, low in his throat, but Steve bites them both back, because his mother, who has lived decades longer than the seer of Brooklyn foretold at her birth, and defied the dire prognoses of the countless healers through countless bouts of illness, who has spent every healthy moment her frail life doing nothing but caring for others—his mother deserves his strength. Steve swallows, and says, “What will I do when you are gone?”She smiles. “Those who are purest of heart, Steve, receive guardian angels in their time of need.”“I know, Mama, but—”Sarah stops him with a shake of her bony finger. “I birthed you and I raised you, my dear boy. In a world where there is nothing certain, I am sure only of the goodness of your nature—your goodness, and my love for you.”Steve trusts his mother beyond anything; but if an angel did not come when Sarah was pregnant, and the death of his father left her alone, an angel will not come for him when she is gone.“I know what you're thinking,” Sarah says, “and it is not yet time for you to know. I had hoped to be the one to tell it to you, but you will find out when the time comes...I always knew I might not live long enough.”Good though he might be—and Steve has heard his goodness praised not only by his mother, whose authority on such things he holds in foremost esteem, but by most every adult with whom he has come into contact, though children his own age seem to be of a different mindset—the questions tug at his tongue and press against his clenched teeth anyway. He stays quiet, for he wishes to do his mother proud.Sarah's eyelids flutter. She is tired, so Steve leaves her to her rest; he sneaks back to her bedside, when he sees that his mother is sleeping, and places a quiet kiss on her cheek. He does not miss the way her mouth curls at the corner, equal parts touched by the gesture and displeased by his disobedience.–Steve is by his mother's side when she fades away, her breathing and her heartbeat already so soft that he only knows she's gone by the way the wail of Miss Sitheach, the building's resident banshee, rings through the hallways. In the new world, the banshees have been parted from their clans. Now, they lament only those they deem worthy.His mother's prone form remains completely, violently unmoving, and Steve finds that he is incredibly numb, trapped in some kind of dim cloud where sounds and feelings are muffled. He will have to thank Miss Sitheach when the mourning period has passed. It is a great honor indeed, to have one's death announced by the wail of a banshee.There is a great deal that needs to be done. Sarah planned her funeral rights, and made all the necessary arrangements, but it is up to Steve to oversee their execution. The bones of a good woman have too much power, too much use, for anyone but Steve to be trusted with seeing her burned and then scattered to the four winds. He must be the one to keep her from practitioners of magic, dark and light, to protect her from ghouls and jikininki who would make her their meal.“I know this will be hard for you, Steve,” she had said, “But I know you, and I know you are strong.”Steve keeps his head up when they start to come to his door, some with offerings of food, and some with hideous things in their hungry eyes. He thanks Mrs. Goldman for the casserole, and Mrs. McNeil for her promise that she will put out milk for the building's brownies when it is Steve's—formerly Sarah's—turn. Mr. Wakahisa, he stares down with such fierce challenge in his eyes that it must seem threatening—even coming from a young boy—because the jikininki backs away.Sarah selected the three neighbors she trusts to take shifts watching her body in the night—the three women who were her closest friends, who helped with meals when she was too sick to cook and nursed Steve through colds when she couldn't. Steve trusts her judgement, trust them, but he cannot bring himself to leave her side. Mrs. Yu, gives him an appraising look and an approving nod when she comes in for her watch—the third. She does not say much (there isn't much to say), but she fixes Steve a cup of strong tea when he starts nodding off sometime past three.By the time the sun rises, ending the hardest night of his life, Steve is exhausted. He is not an adult, but he no longer feels quite like a child. He suppo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Alternate Universe - Urban Fantasy
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate History
Guardian Angels
Selkies
Kidnapping
Fluff
Comfort Sex
Sharing a Bed
Fallen Angels
Romance
Domestic Violence
Caretaking
Canon-Typical Violence
1930s
World War II
Implied/Referenced Torture
Captivity

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

