Work Text:
Tony can’t help but think, for the 1000th time since his wife walked out on him six months ago, that he’s going to hell. But watching his absolutely gorgeous teenage son walking through the door, he admits to himself that he would go gladly, just for a taste of his baby boy. He knows that groaning his son’s name into his ex-wife’s ear while cumming inside her is probably the most morally bankrupt thing he’s ever done, but now that it means he can have Peter all to himself, he can’t bring himself to regret it. He knows he shouldn’t feel it, this burning lust that courses through his veins every time he looks at Peter, but as his son walks down the hallway in Tony’s old MIT sweater, with his shorts just barely visible underneath, pale legs going on for miles and those pouty pink lips stretched out into a radiant smile, he tries not to hate himself too much, knowing stronger men than him would cave when faced with the perfection that is Peter Parker-Stark.“Hey Daddy!” Peter exclaims as he walks through the door into the living room, and Tony is forced to physically restrain himself from assaulting his son after hearing the endearment fall from his lips. Peter took to calling him that after his mother left (they never told him why they got divorced, and fervently Tony hopes it never comes up). He never had the heart to say anything at first, figured it made the kid feel closer to him, and he just wants to make Peter happy, but god damn it’s a test to his self-control each and every single fucking time.“Hey sweetheart, how was school? Break any hearts today?” Tony recovers quickly, asking with a wink. He can’t help but notice how Peter flushes a rosy pink, like he does every other time his father calls him sweetheart, or baby, or any other pet name he can come up with. He knows he shouldn’t take such sick satisfaction from it, but part of him wonders if that blush is because his son feels for him what he feels for the boy. Which inevitably leads to thoughts about ways that he can make Peter blush in other places and yeah, that’s not something Tony should be thinking about right now.“It was okay. We had a substitute physics teacher today, he was kinda creepy, kept eyeing my legs the entire class. He asked me to stay after then, because he said had some questions for me, but he just wanted to play footsie with me for like five minutes before he tried to get me to rub his dick. I just made up an excuse and ran out.” Peter casually delivers the statement while digging through the fridge for some food, almost failing to catch the sheer anger painted across Tony’s face at the thought that someone would try to lay their dirty hands on something that’s his. He’d prefer to find out where that teacher lives and beat him so hard he forgets his own name, but he settles for throwing the object closest to him into the wall, which unfortunately happens to be a glass bowl. It shatters to the floor, and Peter jumps, startled. His son seems surprised at first, not really knowing how to react, before deciding reassurance is the best course of action. “Don’t worry Daddy, I didn’t actually touch his dick. Like I said, I left before he could make me.”“I heard you. Still doesn’t change the fact that I want to rip the pervert’s throat out for even thinking about you that way.” Tony practically growls. He should probably clean up the mess, and he half expects Peter to start backing out of the kitchen scared, but he can’t bring himself to tear his eyes away from the boy, and it doesn’t seem like he’s running anywhere. If anything, Peter looks intrigued, and he inches his way forward until he can hop onto the island in the middle of the kitchen. He spreads his legs slightly and gestures for his daddy to come stand between them, hoping he’s reading the situation correctly. He doesn’t want to be tossed out behind his mother. And despite every cell is his genius brain telling him how bad of an idea this is, something about the look in his baby’s eyes, a heady mix of awe and adoration has Tony walking forward, slotting himself between Peter’s open knees.Peter wraps his arms around his dad, resting his head on the warm and solid expanse of the chest in front of him. He feels his father’s arms wrap around him a few seconds later, pulling him closer into that chest. He should feel crushed, suffocated even, but all he feels is warmth and love, safe and secure. “I’m alright, Daddy. Always will be, ‘s long as I have you. Big, strong daddy, always protects me.” Peter mumbles, unwilling to pull away to speak the words. Tony shakily exhales into Peter’s hair, inhaling the smell of strawberry and flowers and something so inherently Peter it instantly soothes his rage. In place of that rage, though, he begins to feel something that almost makes him wish he could bring back his anger. He becomes aware of just how close he is to his son, and he feels himself rapidly growing hard in places he shouldn’t be.“I know baby boy. Always gonna keep you s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Underage Peter Parker
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

