Chapter 1: there are clouds in the sky
    


Notes:
i have a playlist where i add songs i use for chapter titles for this story, along with some others i listen to when i'm writing this, so listen to it as you read if you so wish!
i also have a general reading playlist filled with mostly classical, instrumental and soundtrack if that's more to your liking!!
chapter title from "smile" by charlie chaplin
 !!! tw for referenced suicide in this chapter !!!
 
(edited december 9, 2020)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Three weeks ago, Peter had turned sixteen. Tony had offered to throw him a big party, but Peter declined, the way he always did. He just wanted to celebrate with the people closest to him. Ned, MJ, Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, his dads - Tony and Steve - and any of the Avengers who happened to be around. This time, it had been Natasha, Bucky, and Sam. It was just the way he liked it. He was comfortable around them, and never did get used to big crowds; Tony had kept him away from them ever since he was little, and Peter was eternally grateful. So, they all stuffed themselves with cake, and then with candy and snacks when they all crowded the living room for a movie marathon. Despite the glowing smile on Peter’s face, he couldn’t help but feel a bit off. Not sick, just off, and he kept coughing every other minute.
He’d caught a bug four weeks ago. Since then, he’d been coughing more or less non-stop. And though it wasn’t really getting any better, he paid it no mind. It’d pass soon. Tony, on the other hand, was growing worried, but Steve reminded him how easily their son could get sick. He’d always been small for his age, a little more fragile than the other kids, and had a tendency of catching any and every bug he came in contact with. That wasn’t to say Steve was entirely unaffected by it. He remembered what it was like to be small and sickly, and how things could take a turn for the worse in the blink of an eye, so both parents agreed that if it got worse, they’d make him get it checked out.
 
Feeling tired went hand in hand with being sick, so Peter just powered through. When school started back up the following Monday, he’d mostly gotten used to it.
“You know you can stay home, right? Nothing important happens on the first day,” Tony proposed, probably for the sixth time that morning.
“I know, but I wanna go,” Peter repeated himself.
“It’s alright, you can go to school. Just like Dad said, nothing really happens on the first day, so I don’t think it’ll wear you out. But call us if you don’t feel up to it, and one of us will come get you. That sound like a plan?” Steve suggested, paving a middle ground.
With his mouth full, Peter just nodded in confirmation before putting his empty plate in the dishwasher. He swallowed the final piece of food heavily, letting out a sigh of relief. Now, Steve’s cooking wasn’t bad - not at all - but Peter had had a hard time finishing all the scrambled eggs and bacon on his plate. His appetite was just… not quite there. But piece by piece, he’d eaten it all. “It was really good,” he smiled at Steve, and got an appreciative hair-ruffle in return when he passed him. Peter got to the conclusion that if he still felt the same at lunch, he could just skip it. He never ate quite as much whenever he was sick, even if it was just a cold. Nothing tasted right.
 
The first day of school was alright. Peter was officially a junior, and would be lying if he said he wasn’t excited about that. What he wasn’t very excited about was that school starting up again equaled gym class starting up again. His least favorite subject. It was no secret he was a bit scrawny and clumsy. His only comfort was that he had Ned, who disliked the class just as much as him.
What he hadn’t expected from the first gym class of his junior year was for it to hurt so bad. Every time Peter heaved for his breath, there was a sharp sting in his chest. And he got winded much quicker than usual, even for him. He blamed it on not really having been in much activity over the summer, other than the occasional hike, and self-defense lessons with Steve whenever they felt like it. And he still felt off, so, really, it made perfect sense. The teacher went relatively easy on them for the first class, and Peter was grateful. He was also grateful that it was his last class of the day, so he could head straight home afterward.
Being the son of Steve Rogers and Tony Stark came with risks. With those risks came precautions. One of those being that someone, mainly Happy, always picked him up from school. Peter was not to walk or take the subway home. Or to anywhere else, really. If he was going to Ned’s house, Happy would drive them both there after school. Steve and Tony refused to take unnecessary risks when it came to Peter.
Ned had planned on inviting Peter over, but decided against it after having watched how exhausted he’d been all day. So they did their handshake, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
Sickfic
Sick Character
Precious Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Steve Rogers
Cancer
Lung Cancer
Heavy Angst
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stony - Freeform
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
tags will be added as I go
Iron Dad
peter has not been bitten by the spider
Chemotherapy
Vomiting
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
background buckynat
emotional breakdowns
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
they settled the accords in a friendly and calm manner
because I said so
Sick Peter Parker
Dissociation
Homophobia
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Angst
Emotional
Mentions of Death
Mentions of Suicide
Medical Inaccuracies
Im not a doctor
anticipatory grief
Emetophobia

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Everyone

