Work Text:
As his son walks back into the living room with a bowlful of popcorn in his arms, Tony can’t help but think how fucking lucky he is that he gets to call this perfect boy his. He’s taken Peter to work with him a few times (under the pretense of showing him the ropes, but fucking on his office desk is a really big turn on for the both of them), and everyone he works with has commented on the kid’s perfection at one point or another. Maybe they wouldn’t think he was so perfect if they knew he was getting fucked into the mattress multiple times a day by his father, but to Tony, that just adds to his boy’s appeal. Freshly fucked is a great look on that gorgeous face.Peter comes and plops himself back into his daddy’s lap, snuggling into his side. He could give less of a fuck about the movie that’s playing on the screen, absorbed in his thoughts about initiating another round of sex with his father. Realistically he knows twelve hours is not the longest he’s ever gone without being split open on his daddy’s cock(the record is fifteen years), but Peter is a growing teenage boy, and now that he has access to that good dick™ whenever he wants, twelve hours seems like a criminally long time to wait for his sexy father. Tony seems perfectly comfortable, though, seemingly absorbed in whatever’s on the screen, running his hands through his son’s hair, tugging lightly in some places when he feels like it. Peter knows that coming across as desperate and needy will only work against him, his daddy will draw it out, making Peter beg and moan and plead before finally giving in(and while Peter is game to beg on occasion, he’s in no mood for any teasing right now). So he comes up with a plan. He waits for a lull in the movie’s plot before asking, “how come you and mommy never had any more kids, Daddy? You’re such a good dad, take care of me so well. Didn’t you want more kids?”Tony pauses his movements, not uncomfortable with the question, just caught off-guard. He doesn’t need to try very hard to come up with an answer, settling for the truth when he says, “well, yeah, can’t say I would have hated having a couple more kids, but your mom just wanted you. And you were so perfect, fell in love with you the moment I laid eyes on you. Decided I would be okay if you were the only light in my life. And I don’t regret it, baby.” Peter doesn’t answer for a few seconds, so Tony tips the boy’s chin up with his finger, hoping to read his expression. He seems a little flustered by the response, but otherwise nothing appears amiss. “Why the sudden question, baby boy?”At the question his son seems to gather his wits about him, sitting up straight and pulling Tony up with him. He pushes Tony to lean against the arm of the couch, legs out in front of him, before straddling him and cuddling into the crook of his daddy’s neck. The boy breathes in his father’s scent and presses a small kiss to his pulse point as strong, muscled arms come up to wrap around him, pulling him closer. “Well, I was just thinking about what an amazing daddy you’ve been to me all these years, even before you started fucking me so good, and I just thought maybe you’d have wanted more kids to spoil rotten like you did with me.” He pauses before continuing, “do you maybe want more kids, Daddy?”Tony’s not sure what brought this on, where all of this is coming from, but he answers gently nonetheless. “Maybe if I didn’t have you babe. But how would we bring a kid home and explain to them that their daddy fucks their brother six ways from Sunday on a daily basis?”Again, Tony isn’t really sure what brought this up, or where this conversation is going, but he could never have predicted the answer that leaves his sinful baby boy’s mouth. Because the boy gets up on his knees and presses a wet kiss to his pulse point before nosing his way up to Tony’s ear and letting out a breathy, “you could breed me Daddy. Fuck me full with your baby, wanna do that for you. Wanna make you my baby daddy.”And fuck, this kid should come with a warning label, because the rate at which Tony’s blood is rushing to his dick is making him feel lightheaded, and his boy is so sexy it can’t be good for his health. He’s impossibly turned on by the where this is headed. “Yeah, sweetheart? You wanna be a mommy to my baby? Need me to fill that slutty hole up with my cum?” Peter keens high in his throat, eyes closed and head thrown back, and Tony looks down to see the boy’s cock tenting his grey sweats, fully erect already. He lowers his hand to rub against the head, alternating between light strokes and hard presses. He knows Peter’s pretty far gone already, the kid’s usually incoherent as soon they start, but he can’t resist forcing an answer from the boy. “I think I asked you a question baby, but I don’t hear an answer. Maybe you don’t wanna make me a baby daddy after all. Maybe I should give my load to someone else, like your mommy. She’d be happy to give me a baby, don’t ya think?” He pretends to pu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Underage Peter Parker
Daddy Kink
Breeding Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

