Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
The song for this fic as a whole is obviously Daddy Issues by The Neighborhood, but I also have created a mega-playlist of all the songs for each chapter (1 per chapter). This chapter, it's Cold Water by Damien Rice.Follow along with the playlist here.Special thanks to peachbabypie for her illustrations for this fic and for making me the lovely moodboard below.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text



Cold, cold water surrounds me now

And all I've got is your hand

Lord, can you hear me now?

Lord, can you hear me now?

Lord, can you hear me now?

Or am I lost?
Cold Water - Damien Rice “I just thought that I could work really hard and he could. He would… you know,” Peter forces out.“I know, baby,” soothes Aunt May.He sinks into a seat, and it feels a lot like sinking in the water felt. He feels the cloth clinging to him again, both outside his body—trapping him in the brine—and inside his throat somehow too; he feels it behind his eyes as if the saltwater is already inside him. Peter wonders if he would even be able to float now, much less swim. It’s as if there’s water all around him, garbling Aunt May’s soothing words, as if he’ll never breathe again. (It feels like maybe that’s what he deserves.)Peter presses his face into May’s stomach and chokes everything down, face burning with shame and anger and stress. Her hand comes down over his shoulder blade, comforting and holding him together. She knows what he’s trying to say, and he feels a burst of love for her. She won’t make him say it, not out loud.He grits out an apology. He’s not sure if it goes unheard or not.Peter genuinely wants to spill everything to her; he knows May deserves his confidence. The only problem is that he knows he doesn’t deserve the relief of that. He remembers how good it felt when Ned found out about Spider-Man. It had felt amazing to let go of that secret, to share it, and he hates himself too much to let himself feel that good again just now.Peter mumbles and okays his way through the rest of the conversation, showers off the garbage smell, and collapses in bed… but not before dealing with the tourist tee and ridiculous bottoms Mr. Stark sent him home in.May was of the opinion that he ought to throw them away, but here in the moment Peter decides to tuck the clothes into a paper bag from the Thai place that delivers, one that is mercifully free of stray sauce or grease. He makes sure May won’t find the bag and conceals the clothes in his closet. It nestles right next to the box that still holds Ben’s watch, Ben’s suitcase.When Mr. Stark had turned him earlier in the direction of home and told Peter to ‘start walking, kid’… well, the seams at both shoulders of the stupid tee-shirt were the last thing he had touched. It seems an important detail.They might be the last thing Peter ever has, that Tony Stark touched. They might never see each other again. If Peter gets his way, he might just never leave this room again. That would be Peter’s prerogative.He wonders what Mr. Stark would do then. He’d probably care, but then again maybe not. He’d been so angry. Peter doesn’t cry but he doesn’t sleep either, at least not until the street is so quiet he knows it must be at least three in the morning, but no later than five. He continues staring into the darkness of the closet until the black fills up his entire field of vision. Later, Peter jerks awake without even knowing he had nodded off, shoulders burning.***Peter gets into a routine and sleeps a bit more, eats a bit more. (Talks a bit less.)It’s easier in some ways, now that he’s not patrolling, not lying so much. Homecoming is coming up, but for some reason, he finds himself unafraid of asking Liz out. It’s not the big deal that it seemed like before, in his mind. Peter’s seriously considering it, probing his feelings and not finding the nervousness he expected. Of course, he’s not exactly excited either—and can’t figure out why—but he lets it go. Even though his spider senses usually dial everything up to a crisp eleven, it all feels like a watery six now. It’s kind of… nice? But not that nice. In PE class during the low-stakes baseball scrimmage, consigned to the outfield, his breath comes evenly, uninhibited, and that’s all well and good but Peter feels like there’s still mucky, metallic bay water in his ears. There’s a taste constantly on his tongue like a bad penny, and he’s distantly alarmed by that until he realizes he’s been cannibalizing the inside of his own cheek, vampiric. A ball drops directly to his left and he doesn’t pick it up until the coach yells at him.Adults—other than May—have Charlie Brown-style voices and Peter becomes good at recognizing who’s talking to him, just by the sight of their shoes alone. He longs for a surprise glimpse of designer loafers or polished dress shoes. Ideally, if this is Peter’s too-detailed fantasy of a casually-dressed version of Mr. Stark, it’d ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Gwen Stacy
Quentin Beck/Mindfuckery
Michelle Jones/May Parker (Spider-Man)/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Power Imbalance
Age Difference
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Unreliable Narrator
Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Mental Health Issues
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Eventual Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Mysterio is His Own Warning
Clues Everywhere
Praise Kink
IronDad right up until it's really really not
Secret Multiverse
No Grooming
Starker
Dialogue Heavy
longfic
Starker Endgame
Plot Twist

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Gwen Stacy
Quentin Beck/Mindfuckery
Michelle Jones/May Parker (Spider-Man)/Pepper Potts

