Work Text:

Tony was going to strangle someone. 
 
Probably Maximoff, maybe Rogers, but if they didn't leave him the 

fuck 

alone in the next five minutes, he was going to snap. 
 
“Tony, you can’t just block her magic,” Steve whined. “It's a part of her. No one tries to block you from tinkering.”
 
Tony snorted a laugh. “I’m not even going to touch 

any 

part of that. That's a level of delusion that i simply cannot touch.”
 
“Stark, remove the wards you have against my powers,” Maximoff hissed. “Don't be petty because someone’s more powerful than you.”
 
Tony hummed. “If the wards I set up block the ever so powerful you,” he mused. “Doesn't that, by definition, make me more powerful? Besides, the only ward is to stop you from accessing my head. Are you trying to get into my head, Maximoff?” 
 
Maximoff’s eyes and fingertips glowed red. 
 
“Touch me,” Tony said seriously. “and you’re out. Are we clear?”
 
Maximoff looked like she was ready to try anyway. Rogers put a hand on her shoulder and led her away.
 
“Relax, Wanda,” he said as he left. “He’ll come around.”
 
“No, I won’t!” Tony called. His hands were in tight fists to stop them from shaking. At least the wards had worked. Small mercies and all that.
 
---
 
"I literally cannot handle Rogers’s condescension,” Tony huffed, flopping bonelessly against Rhodey.
 
Rhodey, Pepper, Stephen, and himself were gathered in the penthouse, using one of their sparse nights off to chat and play shitty games. Tony had already won at Jenga (seriously, who plays Jenga with an engineer?) and they had to stop Monopoly after an hour of just Tony and Pepper trying to beat each other. They had given up on Sorry after one too many dies flared gold before landing. They had decided to try poker (forgetting that Tony was a math genius. Not that he planned to remind them, of course…)
 
“Not as bad as Maximoff,” Stephen complained. “I was trying to explain magical ethics to her today, that just because you 

can 

do it doesn’t mean you 

should

, and she refused to get the point that 

mind control is bad

.”
 
“I see your Maximoff, I raise you Romanoff,” Pepper added. “She keeps trying to dip into SI accounts and contracts. Of course, FRIDAY catches her every time, but she doesn’t leave enough of a digital footprint to prove it was her, so I can’t do anything.”
 
“I vote we kick them out,” Rhodey said, pushing a few poker chips into the center of the table.
 
“Condition of their pardon,” Pepper sighed. “I’ve already tried all the loopholes. The only way to get them out is with a provable assault, and that’s not something I’m going to hope for.”
 
“I could banish them to the dark dimension,” Stephen said nonchalantly, putting down his cards. “Also, I win.”
 
“Not so fast,” Tony chided. “My hand is better. So, suck my d-”
 
Rhodey groaned an interruption. “Weird bedroom stuffs stays in the bedroom, Tones!” he cried. “We’ve had this rule since MIT! Follow it!” Stephen raised an eyebrow at Tony but stayed silent.
 
Pepper snorted with amusement. “That’s not even the weirdest thing I’ve heard him say today,” she pointed out.
 
“You’re right,” Stephen agreed. “He did say something about tentacles this morning-”
 
Tony squawked indignantly and smacked Stephen in the face with a pillow. “I said that in confidence!”
 
“That is our cue to leave,” Rhodey said, standing and offering a hand to Pepper. “I don’t need to hear about Tony and tentacles.”
 
“Me neither,” Pepper shuddered. “Bye, you two!”
 
Tony and Stephen waved and Stephen put away the games with a flick of his wrist.
 
“I love magic,” Tony smiled. “Makes cleanup so much easier.”
 
“Fri, I hope you got that. That’s my new ringtone.”
 
“You don’t have a phone!” Tony laughed. The pair sat in comfortable silence cuddling on the sofa for a while.
 
“Want to take a day off tomorrow?” Stephen asked. “You look like you need it.”
 
Tony glared and stuck his tongue out. “Thanks, you look good, too.”
 
“You know what I mean, Tony,” Stephen said. “Say the word, I’ll conjure up some magic emergency across the globe that only Iron Man and Doctor Strange can stop.”
 
“I wish,” Tony replied wistfully. “But Maximoff’s acting up and I don’t want to leave Vis here by himself. Besides, I have, like, seventeen meetings tomorrow that I can’t miss. God, I hate responsibility.”



Stephen made a sympathetic noise. “I can stage a kidnapping,” he suggested.
 
“I might actually take you up on that, call me after my fifth meeting and we’ll see.”
 
“Why fifth?” Stephen asked. “Normally you can do ten without asking for a kidnapping.”
 
“All five are about the Rogues,” Tony groaned. “The first three are different agencies asking about Maximoff; how we’re handling her powers, how stable she is, so on and so forth. I think I’m gonna need you to do a magic evaluation on her at some point, I’ll keep you posted. The other two are about the sheer amount of collateral they’re causing on every mission. The recommendation from the Council is to bench them; at le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Salt
all the salt
Sassy Stephen Strange
BAMF Stephen Strange
Protective Stephen Strange
im gonna make those tags common just watch me
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Team Iron Man
IronStrange
Fluff
ALL THE FLUFF

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

