Work Text:
It was Ned that helped Peter to the nurse’s station at Midtown High, one arm around Peter’s waist, another grabbing onto the hand hanging loose over his shoulder.
“You’re so heavy,” Ned muttered as they went, Peter stumbling and blinking, dazed.
It had happened in gym, when Peter lost focus for a moment and stacked it during the obstacle course, his head slamming into the ground. The entire gym had gone silent when Peter didn’t immediately move, before Coach Wilson raced across the room to Peter’s side, who then groaned quietly into the floor.
Ned had volunteered to take him to the nurse’s station when he counted Wilson’s two held up fingers as six.
“Mm, don’ mean to be,” Peter replied. He was still aching; there was a consistent pounding in his head, his stomach hurt like he was going to throw up and whenever he blinked, little dots would appear in his doubled-vision.
When they arrived, Ned hurried to open the door and threw Peter onto the first bed. He groaned, Ned whispered an apology and Peter curled up on the solid mattress, shutting his eyes tight. This room was brighter than the hall and it ached to see the light, to have it attack his eyes.
He could hear Ned’s worried voice like it was inside his mind; too close, too loud, echoing over and over, rattling around his skull.
“He hit his head really hard,” Ned was saying. “He’s got double vision and he’s slurring when he speaks.”
“Alright, Mr Leeds,” the nurse – Miss Blake – said. “Thank you. Would you mind collecting his things? I might need to send him home.”
The door clicking shut happened to Peter a hundred times; high pitched, one after another after another inside his head. Click, click, click.
When the nurse asked him to turn over, her voice was too close, too loud. Peter slammed his hands over his ears, eyes squeezing shut so tight they hurt. He groaned a response without words, tensing his limbs when she gently tried to pull a hand from his ear.
“Alright, alright,” she whispered. “I need to see the bump, Mr Parker. Would you please turn over so I can see it?”
It took a minute, but eventually he shifted until he was lying on his back, eyes clamped shut, hands over his ears, legs trembling with the effort of staying awake and hearing everything. Three rooms down was Freshman Spanish, two hallways over a boy was asking a girl on a date with stuttering words, on the floor directly above him there were two boys hurling insults at each other.
Miss Blake checked his bump, then asked him to open his eyes so she could check his pupils, but Peter just shook his head, lips pressed together in a straight line so pale.
“Come on, now,” she said with a slight edge to her voice. “I need to check or I can’t let you go.”
Peter tried, honestly, he did, but the moment his eyes opened the world became too bright and he gasped in a breath so sharp it made him dizzy.
“Too bright,” he muttered when his eyes were shut again, his face turned into the too-firm pillow on the bed. “I can’t-”
The nurse left after a moment, Peter lying there with his knees pulled up to his chest. He could hear her fingers on a keyboard, the scrolling of a mouse.
“Mr Parker,” she called over, gentle, “I’m going to call your guardian, alright? I’m sending you home.”
Peter didn’t response, just shoved his face further into the pillow, her voice reverberating around his brain. He could hear the phone ringing from where he was, and half way through the door clicked back open, and Peter’s backpack hit the floor over and over inside his head.
The ringing stopped. No one picked up.
The nurse let out a short breath of disappointment, then scrolled down the mouse again. She clicked her tongue three times.
“Mr Leeds,” she said, “you’re friends with Mr Parker, correct?” Her voice was a whisper but it was the loudest thing in the world to Peter, squirming on the bed.
“Yeah.”
“The only thing I have on his medical records is an inhaler, do you know anything about him having a light sensitivity? It might just be the possible concussion, but…”
Peter hadn’t need his inhaler since the spider bite. He hadn’t had an asthma attack since, either.
The nurse rolled her chair from her desk, her shoes tapping out her footsteps on the linoleum floor as Ned hummed positively.
“He gets sensory overload sometimes.” Peter had the distinct impression they were both looking at him, but he didn’t care – Peter clawed his fingers over his ears and tried not to feel how scratchy the fabric of the pillow was. God, he could feel everything. The air of the room was slightly too warm, his shirt was too soft, trainers too heavy on his feet. “Too much input.”
There was a pause before the familiar click of a light switch was swallowed by the cavernous void of his head, rolling around the walls. The pressure on his eyes lessened slightly.
“Thank you, Mr Leeds. You should go back to class.”
“Is Peter going home?”
Peter was supposed to sleep over at Ned’s that night. They were going to watch Star Wars movies and build their own 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Whumptober
concussion
Sensory Overload

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

