Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Erik's knee was digging painfully into his back as he bore all his weight down upon T'Challa, grinding T'Challa's face into the sharp rocks.T'Challa could feel the terrifying sensation of his skin ripping, tearing. His own warm blood coursed down his cheeks, mixing into the icy cold water. Ripples of red spread outwards from where they were grappling, drawing horrified gasps from the crowd.T'Challa struggled and thrashed about desperately, gasping for breath as he choked in the shallow waters of Warrior Falls. Dark spots were beginning to appear in front of his eyes, his vision darkening from the lack of oxygen and the blood loss.It slowly began to dawn on T'Challa......he wasn't going to win this.His cousin was much too strong. Fuelled by a lifetime of anger and hatred, distilled into a burning, murderous desire to rip T'Challa limb from limb. T'Challa might still have stood a chance against Erik if he had pressed his advantage at the beginning, after he'd drawn first blood. But something deep within T'Challa - pity? Horror, at the thought of becoming a kinslayer like his own father? - had stayed his hand, and Erik had wasted no time in taking advantage of T'Challa's weakness.  Erik certainly had no qualms about tearing T’Challa apart.Upon the realization of his imminent defeat, T'Challa could feel his body begin to change, preparing itself to be claimed by the winning alpha.Against his will, his muscles suddenly slackened and relaxed, his body stilling and becoming soft and pliant under Erik. The fight went out of his entire body.His head fell forward, baring the soft skin of his neck to the rival alpha's fangs in a posture of complete submission.The unprecedented feeling of slick gathering in his ass - something that he had never previously experienced, as an alpha.
 No! 
Horrified, T'Challa willed his lax muscles to just  move,  but to his terror, he realized that his body just wouldn’t listen to him.This was…
 Morphosis. 
An alpha's instinctive biological response to being bested by a rival alpha. A  compatible  rival alpha. This was Mother Nature's way of ensuring that the best alphas in peak physical health would not be wastefully killed in combat. An evolutionary adaptation that would trigger a change in dynamic from alpha to omega upon certain defeat by a compatible rival, in order to preserve the losing alpha’s genes and strengthen the species.T'Challa had heard of this biological reaction before, although it was so rare as to be unprecedented in the thousand-year long history of the Challenge. He had never once imagined that this could possibly happen to him. T'Challa had gone into this fight with Erik expecting victory, or the release of death.Not this. Never  this. Erik was his cousin! How could they possibly be compatible mates?Above him, Erik stilled, suddenly becoming aware of T’Challa’s unexpected change in scent. He looked down towards T'Challa, his eyes dark with wariness and hostility.With a last-ditch effort of will, T'Challa raised his head up to meet Erik's eyes. He managed to choke out desperately, begging, even as his tears started to well up and spill over, “Cousin, no, please - try to fight it -”Erik's eyes widened in disbelief and horrified realization. Unconsciously, he took a step back.Then his irises flashed with a golden glow as his alpha instincts took control, and T'Challa's heart sank, knowing that it was all over.With a deep growl, Erik yanked T'Challa up from his kneeling position, pulling T'Challa close to his chest. He nosed along the line of T'Challa's jaw, inhaling deeply to take in T'Challa's new scent.Gasps of shock rose from the audience.T'Challa suddenly recalled that they were being  watched.  His cheeks flushed in complete mortification and he tried with renewed vigor to push his cousin away for the final time. But if he couldn't even beat Erik with his full strength as an alpha, he was definitely no match for Erik now, in his current condition.Erik ignored all of it - the scandalized shouts of dismay from the audience, T'Challa's squirming, T'Challa's desperate, kitten-weak shove against his chest.“You're hurt,” Erik murmured, his voice deep and husky. He carefully licked the deep cut on T'Challa's cheek, lapping up the blood, the tears. “Poor omega… Don't cry. Let me take care of you.”The press of Erik's warm, rough tongue against his stinging wound made T'Challa tremble, his heart rate spiking.  You did this to me! T'Challa wanted to scream, to thrash away from Erik's tight grip on his upper arms.But already his mind was fading fast, becoming lost in a haze of heat and fevered pleasure as instinct took over.
 There was an alpha before him. 

 A handsome alpha. 
 An   unbonded alpha. T'Challa tilted his head back, sniffing the air. This alpha smelled  good. Intoxicating. From his scent alone, T'Challa could tell at once that they were perfectly compatible. Here was an alpha who could give him strong, healthy cubs.There was blood on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha Erik Killmonger
Omega T'Challa (Marvel)
Alpha T'Challa to Omega T'Challa
Angst
Drama
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mating Bond
Arranged Marriage
Fantasy Biology
Public Claiming
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
Medical Kink
Humiliation
Knotting Dildos
Embarrassment
Crossdressing
Forced Crossdressing
Somnophilia
Mpreg

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

