Work Text:
 1.The other fellow Avengers notice it right away—this beyond-comfortable vibe that consistently floats between Bucky and Steve.  Maybe it’s how there doesn’t seem to be any kind of personal space between them.  Maybe it’s how they know nearly all there is to know about each other.  Maybe it’s how they often find themselves in situations that others would deem uncomfortable, but they don’t even bat an eyelash.It hasn’t been a week before Bucky enters the common area in Avengers Tower, groaning about the tension in his shoulders. Bruce offhandedly mentions a treatment that he learned during his own bouts of stress, to which Bucky mutters some noncommittal grunt of thanks before plopping down and settling between Steve’s legs on the floor, his back to Steve’s chest.The glance between Natasha and Clint is quick but pointed.Steve gently tosses his book to the side and then places his hands on Bucky’s shoulders, kneading thoroughly against the impressively tense muscles. Bucky sighs, his eyes falling shut and mouth dropping open in a mixture of slight pain but mostly relief.“Oh fuck,” he groans, leaning into the touch.Clint snickers quietly, trying to busy himself with pouring milk into a bowl of cereal before one of his trademark sarcastic comments can escape him and make the situation more awkward than it’s already quickly becoming.Steve slides his left hand over just a touch, massaging into a particularly tense spot that makes Bucky drop his head, eyes still closed. “Right there?”Bucky moans quietly, his body relaxing against Steve’s hands. “Fuck, Steve.”If either of them really cared, or really considered that this might not be the way a normal pair of men might interact with each other, they might have noticed how Tony has halted mid-step in the doorway, an eyebrow raised as he glances in.And Clint’s just staring into his bowl, trying so hard not to grin with a mouthful of cereal but failing miserably because really? How can these two not realize what they sound like right now?Tony sticks his head in the doorway. “Hey Buck Rogers, you’re not slumming it anymore, you know,” he says, trying to be helpful, “We have people for that kind of stuff now. Trained people. Masseurs and whatnot.”But Bucky lets out another quiet little moan as that super tense spot gets rubbed out satisfyingly. “Steve knows how I like it.”There’s a sputtering sound from over by the sink where Clint has finally lost all ability to reign himself in, that last comment enough to pull a pointed laugh out of him, cereal spraying everywhere.Tony examines the spectacle that the common area has become before turning on his heels, wondering why he even stopped in the first place. “I bet he does.”  2.It’s not that they’re super affectionate toward one another, it’s just that there’s usually a whole lot of unnecessary touching when it comes to carrying out the simplest of tasks. Or like, it’s possible to sit on the gigantic half-moon couch that everyone shares without practically being in the other’s left pocket. But yet and still…And it’s not as if they’re aware that they’re doing it either, Clint and Tony eventually realize. It’s totally normal for Steve and Bucky to nearly mold into one being whenever they’re near each other.Clint chuckles like he’s five. Tony does too, let’s not deny it, but he also wants to maybe test out a theory he has. Like how Steve and Bucky don’t bat an eyelash at sharing food or whatever they might be drinking at the time.Steve’s at the counter one morning, groggy as fuck as he sips the coffee that he’s poured into his gigantic red mug. He’s about to dive back in for another drink when Bucky appears, hair defying gravity as it sticks in every direction imaginable. And not even touching on the fact that that’s definitely Steve’s shirt that he’s wearing because it’s way too big on him, the calm between them isn’t so much as nudged out of place as Bucky reaches out, his hand clamping down on Steve’s giant red mug and pulling it out of his friend’s grasp.  He downs half the cup at an impressive speed, his head tipping back and throat working smoothly as he swallows the life-source that he’s learned to run on.Then he hands the mug back to Steve without looking, who doesn’t even react except for taking another sip as he goes over to the coffee pot for a refill. Like it’s no big deal. Like they do it every morning. Because they do.“Plenty of mugs in the cabinet, you know,” Tony says, but his eyes are locked onto the smirk that’s slowly stretching across Clint’s face as he looks at him.Bucky and Steve shrug. In unison.“They’re best friends,” Natasha states warily that night when Clint and Tony corner her and ask for an opinion.“Germs,” Tony declares, his hands gesturing plainly as if to make his point. “Disease. Mouth herpes. Should I continue?”“I’d rather you didn’t.”“Listen, all I’m saying is there has to be a reason they’re so touchy feely all the time.”Natasha raises an eyebrow at him, realizing now that she proba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Clint Barton if you squint really hard and want it to be

freeform: 
5 Times
and 1 Time
Oblivious!Steve/Bucky
Scheming!Tony&Clint
Masturbation
First Kiss
Explicit Language
Fluff
Light Angst
Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Clint Barton if you squint really hard and want it to be

