Chapter 1: Poetic Justice
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
    Perhaps he should have seen it coming.After all, the collar had been forced on him as soon as he’d set foot in Asgard. The shackles were cold around his wrists, and the chains wrapped around his hips and held by four guards evoked only too much the leashes on a dog. It was all for show; he just hadn’t understood the show was meant for him.Odin… well, he hadn’t changed. He probably would never change.When they brought him in, Loki’s gaze did not linger on the king of Asgard, neither did it wander across the giant pillars of the great hall. He was looking at the golden-haired woman standing in the shadow of his throne.“Hello, mother,” he said, his jaw still sore from the muzzle. “Have I made you proud?”“Please, don’t make this worse,” she said under her breath.He partially raised an eyebrow. “Define ‘worse’.”“Enough,” Odin growled. “I will speak to the prisoner alone.”Loki almost rolled his eyes, but he also pointedly avoided looking at Frigga as she exited the room. After all were gone, except for the guards holding his chains, he looked up again and stepped forward with a huffed laugh.“I really don’t see what all the fuss is about.”“Do you truly not feel the gravity of your crimes?” Odin growled. “Wherever you go, there is war, ruin, and death.”Always so dramatic. Loki opened his hands as much as the shackles allowed. “I went down to Midgard to rule the people of Earth as a benevolent god. Just like you.”“We are not gods. We are born, we live, we die. Just as humans do.”Loki gave him a charming grin. “Give or take five thousand years.”Odin sighed. “All this—because Loki desired a throne.”Loki's amiable expression faltered a little, and he said in a drier voice, “It is my birthright.”“Your birthright was to die!” Odin barked.Loki stiffened as though he’d been whipped.“As a child, cast out onto a frozen rock!” Odin went on vehemently. “If I had not taken you in, you would not be here now to hate me!”Loki closed his eyes, withdrawing from a conversation he’d played too many times in his head. Suddenly, he found he has no taste whatsoever for this hackneyed game. He just wanted to get this over with.“If I’m in for the axe,” he said, “then, for mercy’s sake, just swing it. It’s not that I don’t love our little talks. It’s just…” He let out a faint laugh. “I don’t love them.”Odin stared at him and Loki stared back. He idly wondered how it would feel. To kneel. To feel cold stone against his throat, and then sharp steel against his nape—and then nothing.He was almost certain Odin would not have him killed. This was all too grand. Too pompous. His death would have been shameful, hidden, like a bug discreetly squashed under a boot. No, he was going to suffer.“Frigga is the only reason you’re still alive,” Odin said. “And you’ll never see her again. Thor will be king. You will be a slave.”Loki raised his eyebrows with a derisive scoff. He had expected many things, but not this. “Thor’s slave? You wouldn’t be so cruel. That poor witless oaf did nothing to deserve me.”But Odin was smiling. The shadow of a smile, really, the wrinkles in the corner of his lips only barely dimpling.Loki’s own smile wavered.“No, not Thor’s slave,” Odin said. “You would be, indeed, nothing but a burden for him. But you did enslave one of his mortal friends, through treachery and magic. It is only fair that he should enslave you back.”Loki was staring at him. Then he burst into laughter, only barely noticing the guard pulling at his chains to keep him from stepping forward. “I’m sure he’ll agree that this is a… terribly unwise move.”Odin got up, then. He slammed his spear Gungnir on the marble floor, and looked at Loki. The guards suddenly tensed the chains so violently the demi-god fell down on his knees, barely catching himself with his bound hands. “Your magic is mine,” Odin said.Loki wanted to make an acid comment, but all that came out was a sudden scream—a long, haunted, uncontrollable scream, like someone else was using his mouth, and then a golden glow, a strange, moving energy which spiraled up and got swallowed entirely in the head of Gungnir.The scream ended and Loki brutally fell forward, wide-eyed and panting in shock. There was a long silence. Loki wanted to say something—to jest—to laugh, he had to laugh—but he couldn’t. He couldn’t. He felt like his insides had just been carved out.“Your life is mine,” Odin said.Loki hadn’t even caught his breath; when the spell hit him, he screamed again then—he couldn’t help it; he felt his years being torn from him one by one, each year a stab of ice through his heart, and he had so many years to live, five thousand stabs. At first, all he felt was wrath, but the pain got worse and worse as his body weakened, as his flesh grew feeble and mortal, as what little he had—that loathed Jotun envelope—was taken from him, too. By the end of the spell, he was sobbing brokenly o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Coulson

freeform: 
Frosthawk - Freeform
Warning: Loki
Grey and Gray Morality
poor communication
like hella poor
Loki and Clint are both idiots
Thor is a huge jerk
Or Is he?
Odin's A+ Parenting
Slavery
slave!Loki
All the hate all the time
Culture Shock
Asgard vastly ignores the Geneva convention
Not a goddamn picnic
Whump
Gore
Torture
Abuse
Body Horror
References to Child Abuse
References to Suicide
Clint Feels
Loki Feels
Loki Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Mostly Hurt for a long time
Slow Build
like super slow
Isolation
Clint didn't sign up for this
neither did Loki
Reluctant Closeness
Unwilling Empathy
Impossible Redemption
Not safe not sane and dubiously consensual
Coulson Lives
What do you mean you already knew that?
Clint didn't
BDSM - Freeform
Bondage
Gags
straitjackets
Humiliation
hail HYDRA
Self-Loathing
Author is Evil
Where Was Clint Barton During Captain America 2?

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Coulson

