Chapter 1: heat
    




Chapter Text
“Is it  hot  in here or what?” Eddie scratched at his cheek impatiently while Anne shot him a withering look. Beyond them, Dan accepted a badge with a huge smile on his face, and the blonde only managed to elbow him before the doctor looked over to them, positively  delighted. Immediately Anne and Eddie shot him twin grins, Anne offering her boyfriend a thumbs-up before Dan turned away again, ushered to one side of the little auditorium stage to give way to another doctor to accept a badge after him.“Takashi Shirogane,” Said the announcer as Anne turned to look back at Eddie, concern on her face.“What the hell do you mean?” She hissed quietly, “I’ve been  freezing  my ass off this whole time and you’re here burning up?”Eddie shrugged, itching again, and Anne’s exasperation melted into worry.“Are you sick?” She asked, pressing her palm to his forehead, and Eddie shook his head, pulling away from her touch. “You’re burning up!”“I swear, I’m not sick. I’m just hot.” Eddie bit out, and he almost jumped out of his skin when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. “Jesus.  I told them I was taking the day off today.”Anne pouted in thought, biting her lip. A little bit of her lipstick got onto her teeth, and somewhere in the back of Eddie’s head, he remembered a time when he would kiss her to lick it off out of habit, but something else pulled him back from his thoughts. Heat.  Oh, now  Venom  was complaining.  It’s so hot, Eddie. “Maybe you’re overworking yourself.” Anne frowned, tapping her chin thoughtfully, her red nails a lovely match with her lipstick. “Whatever it is you’re doing these days, anyway.” She sighed, and looked over to where Dan and his other co-worker stood together, proudly displaying their new nameplates. “Would it be too much to ask Dan if you could get looked over, or at least get something like an analgesic…”“Relax,” Eddie said gruffly, his head spinning. “I’m—okay.” Eddie.  Venom sounded insistent, and  god  this felt way too familiar to the first time he had this Symbiote inside him.“I’ll just go home.” He said, “Um, tell Dan he did a great job, and stuff.”“Eddie,” Anne began, but Eddie managed a strained smile at her.“Don’t worry, Anne. I’ll just sleep this off.”
 We should feed. We hunger. 
“Yeah, buddy.” Eddie muttered, and Anne cocked her head at him, her hair rolling over her shoulders smoothly. The man smiled at her awkwardly, shaking his head before giving her a small wave. “I’ll see you two later at dinner, maybe. If I’m feeling better.”“I hope you do.” Anne sighed, “Dan wanted to share this with you, too.”
 Dan’s nice. 
“Yeah, he’s a nice guy like that.” Eddie wasn’t sure if he was replying to Venom or Anne, but it seemed to do the job, placating the blonde enough that she wouldn’t go chasing after him. Eddie gave her a mock salute, and tried his best not to stumble out of the venue, at least until he got to his motorbike.Venom shot out of his hand to keep him steady as he nearly tripped over his bike, muffling a curse under his breath as he let Venom half-carry their body to straddle the seat properly. We are unsteady.  He noted, helpfully, and Eddie laughed derisively.“I feel like we should at least get a Lyft or something.” He said, and he could feel Venom’s confusion in his head.
 A lift?  
“No, a Lyft. Just hail a car to get us home or whatever.”
 What about the bike? 
Since when did Venom start worrying about the domestics?
 Since you came along. 
“I didn’t mean for you to answer that.” Eddie mumbled, giving himself three tries to fumble with the keys of his bike before Venom gave up and did it for him. “Thanks, bud.”
 We need to go home. Or eat something. 
“I think I still have some tater tots in the fridge.” He revved the engine, and prayed to whatever deity that would listen that he would at least not crash before he got to his apartment.
 No, we need flesh. Insides. 
“I  said,  we’d only do that for bad guys.” The bike began to move, and Eddie began to drive it along slowly. Better to be safe than sorry, even if he had a Symbiote right inside him.
 Then find some. 
“I can’t just  find  one,” Eddie scoffed, and Venom let out a sound that was akin to a groan of protest. “Listen, Venom, we can’t just go picking people off the street—remember Drake and Riot? You really want to end up like those two?” But we are hungry.  Oh, now he was pulling the kicked puppy voice. Like  that  ever worked.“Fine,  let’s at least go hit up a restaurant or something.” Eddie turned a corner, and he jumped at the sound of a scream. Inside him, Venom seemingly lit up, and without any warning, Venom revved the motorbike to go faster, heading right towards the source of the scream—a little alleyway right around a pair of garbage cans.“Venom!” Eddie hissed, but his protest died on his lips when his bike skidded to a halt to see three hulking, large men surrounding a positively terrified young woman.
 Three. A full course meal, for once. 
Eddie sighed exasperatedl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Pseudoscience
but not really because i am a grad student in biology no joke
Post-Canon
Action & Romance
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mpreg
Kinda
Don't Ask
Rimming
Tongue-in-cheek
Monsters
Rough Sex
Anal Plug
Alien Sex
Alien Biology
Interspecies Romance
Interspecies Sex
Porn With Plot
Organized Crime
Family Feels
Team as Family

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Original Character(s)

