Work Text:
“Thanks, Jarv, you’re the man,” Darcy says as the door slides open, letting her into Steve’s tower apartment.“You’re welcome, Miss Lewis.”The apartment is decorated in a sort of vintage American Airlines style. Dark wood, chrome and subtle red, white and blue accents. Steve pretended he hated it more than he actually did.  The heels of her boots sink into the plush carpet and Darcy considers taking them off to wiggle her toes.“Darcy? What are you doing up here?”“Well, I thought I’d come check on my favorite kevlar blend wearing superdude before I head home for the night.”“You hate Cap,” Steve replies from the couch. His voice is rough, tired and worn, and when she rounds the corner of the couch he looks worse. Face pinched up in pain, hands hidden behind layers and layers of cotton bandages. He’s shirtless, face and chest flushed a faint pink, temples damp with sweat. Darcy’s eyes follow the dark hair on his chest down the rippled muscles of his belly to where it disappears under the waistband of his grey sweatpants and the navy blue pillow fallen across his lap.“I don’t hate Cap,” Darcy says, flopping down on the couch beside him as carefully as possible. She bends over and unzips her boots, pulling them off, flexing her sock covered feet, and wiggling her toes. The socks  are pale blue with little sandwiches on them. The line of worry between Steve’s brows melts away, left eyebrow quirking up, the sides of his mouth twitching up the smallest bit. “I think Captain America is a tool...and he’s very bossy, but I don’t hate him.”“That it?”“Well, I could list other things but you’re injured and I don’t want to add mental distress to your catalogue of ouchies.”“Thanks, I appreciate it,” Steve says dryly, shifting his shoulders back.“Sarcasm aside. You okay?”“M’fine.”“I know the painkillers don’t work but can I get you anything else? Food? Grotty milkshake? Super-soldier-calorific gel?”“M’fine.” Steve drops his gaze from her to the clutter of newspapers, field reports, books, and an empty glass with a residue of one his gross protein shakes on the coffee table. Steve half heartedly crosses, and uncrosses his arms over his chest.  It looks ridiculous with his hands bandaged up like cotton swabs, and he drops them to his sides with an exasperated huff.He doesn’t look fine. Not one little bit. There’s a fine sheen of sweat on his temples, and his face and chest are pinked up, like they are after he’s been in the gym or out running . Darcy opens her mouth to argue and closes it again with a snap when Steve’s constant fidgeting sends the cushion in his lap cartwheeling to the floor. 


Oh.
“Um, Steve, can I ask you one more question?”“Yeah.”“Do you, uh, need a hand?” Darcy asks. She isn’t entirely sure if she wants to wince or giggle.Steve’s brows knit together. “I don’t need anything else?”“You sure about that?” she asks again, eyebrows arching over the top of her glasses frames. She lets her gaze drop from Steve’s face to his lap where the couch cushion has slid to the side revealing a rather impressive bulge.Steve Rogers dresses to the left.“Nnnng,” Steve says, eyes shutting tight, head falling back on the sofa. Steve’s cheeks, the tips of his ears, and his chest flush with color.  It’s a beautiful shade of pink. He throws one arm over his face, the bandages wrapped around his hand very white against his skin. “Fuck.”It’s the first time Darcy has ever seen Steve embarrassed. Definitely the first time she’s ever seen him aroused.She’s seen him grow red from anger and frustration but this, this is delightful. Really, she should be ashamed of herself. Ashamed of the smile curving her lips and the sizzle of electricity racing down her spine at the thought of getting her hands on him. One way ticket to the Special Hell for me, she thinks. God, she is the worst friend.“Adrenaline,” he rasps.“You’ve been back from Medical for hours.”“It’ll go away,” he says stubbornly.“You sure? Cause I’m thinking not.” She struggles to keep her eyes from sliding down his truly impressive chest and gives up with a shrug, eyes dipping down and back up to his face. His eyes are closed, dark lashes fringing his cheekbones. She reaches out touching his forearm, above the bandages covering his hand from fingertips to wrist. “Look, if you’re sure I’ll go or I can get Kelly? Krista? Krystal...the girl you went out with last week to..uh, help you out. Or Agent Romanoff... Barnes?”“God, no. Please, just stop.”“It’s just a hard on, Steve. It’s not the end of the world.”kinda feels like it.””We’re both adults here. Do you want my help? Yes or no.”“Yeah...yes,” he says, voice sandpaper rough. Her eyes widen and Darcy nearly topples over onto the floor. Steve stares at a fixed point over her right shoulder, drags his perfect white teeth over his plump bottom lip. “Please.”“Okay.”“This is ridiculous.”“No more ridiculous than your hands being burnt by alien lizard spit.”“I just asked you to jerk me off,” Steve growls.“Technically you didn’t a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Awkwardness
Awkward Sexual Situations
Hand Jobs
Banter
Bad Puns
Sexual Humor
Fluff and Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

