Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The exhaustion weighs in every bone of Bucky’s body. He can feel it strung from muscle to sinew like notes on a violin string, and every stroke is off-key and shrieking. 
But it drowns out the thoughts he’d rather not have, so he welcomes it. Lets himself focus on the swing of the hammer in his hand. Each time he draws his hammer back, he turns it slightly in his palm, wood sliding against callouses, and brings it down to ring against the metal, sending vibrations through the steel and his own body. One strike, then another, pounding through his bones and dulling the shrieking of exhaustion down to a mechanical thud.
This is how his days go, and he throws himself into them entirely. Hour by hour, until the whistle blows, and he staggers home.
His night will be a blur of city lights and perfume. An underground club, a girl on each arm. Alcohol, maybe something harder, and it’ll overlay the exhaustion in his body and mind with a haze of sensation and pleasure. Enough to distract him. Enough to keep his thoughts and desires muffled. Day after day, until the suffocation kills them.
Or kills him. Whichever comes first.
But there’s one hour, between the factory and the bar, that he’ll be at home awake and lucid instead of passed out either in his own bed or someone else’s. It’s the best hour of his day, and the worst.
Steve’s on his feet when Bucky comes through the door. 
He has that look of half-aborted action, as if he heard Bucky coming up the stairs and got up to do something that he’s since thought the better of. Hug him, yell at him, maybe both. But when he sees Bucky, his face just falls, and somewhere under the haze of sleep-deprivation and this morning’s hangover Bucky’s heart gives a guilty twinge.
“Hey, Steve,” Bucky says, putting his trademark smile on his face. That smile never lets him down. No matter how tired he is, no one seems to see through it. No one but Steve. The girls still fall into his arms and the foreman gives him a raise—a few more dollars a week, and now they eat beans two nights a week for dinner instead of five—but Steve just looks sad and disappointed.
“Bucky,” Steve says. There’s a lecture waiting in his voice. Sympathy and concern all stewed together with the frustration and disappointment. Part of Bucky wonders, the way he always has, how long Steve will put up with his bullshit before he’ll finally call it quits and leave Bucky alone with his own failure.
Steve’s the best thing in his life, and Steve’s the reason Bucky doesn’t dare trust himself as himself. If he has the energy to look at Steve—to feel feelings, to think thoughts—then there will be a problem. And then Steve really will leave him.
“You look like hell,” Steve says, accusation and worry sharpening the edge of his gentle voice.
“Hell’s own golden boy,” Bucky counters, because he’s learned that his glib tongue is one of the last things to go. Exhaustion and substances kill his capacity to question his own deviant thoughts, but they leave him his reckless smile and his wicked tongue, and that’s all he needs to get by. Trusting his body to know how to move through the apartment without stumbling even at this level of exhaustion, he steps around Steve and heads into their little cupboard of a kitchen. “Is there food?”
“Of course there’s food,” Steve says, following him in. “If I’m only going to see you for an hour a day anymore, you can be damn sure that I’m going to make sure it’s an hour where you get a hot meal in you.”
There’s so much bitterness in Steve’s voice. So much pain for the way Bucky’s been pushing him away. More and more every year, because every year the weight in his chest gets worse and Steve somehow gets more ethereally beautiful with his long-lashed blue eyes and his soft, red lips.
The guilt makes him stagger and Bucky catches himself against the wall so he doesn’t fall.
“Bucky!”
Steve’s fingers close around his wrist, worried. Bucky turns his face away. He feels the hand squeeze tight for a moment and then release.
“Sit down,” Steve orders, voice sharp with anger.
Too exhausted to argue, Bucky pulls out one of the chairs at the kitchen table and drops into it.
Steve serves some kind of stew from a pot on the stove and puts the bowl in front of Bucky. Root vegetables, healthy and filling. Bucky knows it will be delicious, but he’s not sure if he’ll even be able to taste it. Everything tastes like ashes these days to his drugged senses.
“Eat,” Steve says, and Bucky realizes he’s been staring at the bowl. Mechanically, he dips the spoon into it and raises it to his mouth. Chews. Swallows. 
Steve watches the first few bites, and only serves himself once he’s certain Bucky is eating. He sits across the table, watching Bucky with sullen, angry eyes. 
The stray thought escapes through Bucky’s mind that Steve looks incandescent when he’s angry.
“You coming with me tonight?” he asks. He always asks, although Steve usually says no. Sometimes Bucky coaxes harder, until Steve says 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Domesticity
d/s dynamics
Consensual Kink
cuddly bdsm
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
1940s
Spanking
Bondage
Howling Commandos - Freeform
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
War Era
Pre-War

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

