Work Text:

“Is that me or you, buddy?” Eddie asked as he picked through Mrs. Chen’s snack rack. 


What are you talking about?


Venom’s voice rumbled in his head, shaking his bones. Eddie was almost used to it. He shrugged. “Been feeling weird, is all.”


Weird?


“Yeah, weird.” Eddie pulled up a bag of pork rinds then immediately put them back when Venom recoiled in disgust. “You know, just not quite right. Like I got a cold coming on or something.” 


We don’t get colds, Eddie. 


“Yeah, that’s why I asked.” He ignored the dude who gave him a why-is-that-guy-talking-to-himself look as he picked out a bag of potato chips. “Do symbiotes get sick in other ways?” he asked, moving toward the back of the store. 


Of course not.


Eddie paused at the tone in Venom’s voice. He’d never heard the symbiote sound like that, so it took him a minute to recognize defensiveness. 


We are 

not

 getting defensive. 


Eddie snorted. “Uh-huh. Sure.”


We are NOT.


The last word boomed in his skull and Eddie put up his hands in surrender, nearly dropping the bags of snacks he’d already picked out. “Ok, ok! Yeesh.” He wasn’t convinced, and Venom knew it from the grumbling Eddie heard in his head. But Eddie let it go for now. He reached out to a random magazine rack, not paying attention to where his wandering had placed him. 


It wasn’t until he’d pulled a magazine out and casually opened it that he realized he was looking at a porno mag. 


Eddie blinked, his eyes not registering the naked tiddies for a second. When he did, he shook his head and slapped the magazine shut, hurriedly putting it back on the rack. 


What was that?


“Nothin, nothin,” Eddie replied, waving Venom off like an annoying fly. He hurried toward the counter. 


Eddie, you don’t have to be embarrassed about liking a rocking pair of tits. 


“I am not talking to you about this right now.” He gave Mrs. Chen a smile that she warily returned. 


Now who’s defensive? 


“How’s your friend, Eddie?” Mrs. Chen whispered to him. 


Eddie scratched at his cheek, coughing awkwardly. “Oh, they’re fine, you know, adjusting and all.” 


Any more turds bothering her? 


“I haven’t had any other bad customers since… well, you know,” Mrs. Chen said as if she’d heard Venom’s question. 


“
Good.
” Eddie jumped when Venom’s voice coated over his. He frowned, hissing, “Be polite.” 


With one more little wave to a shaken Mrs. Chen, Eddie hurried back out with his snacks in tow. 

 

***

 

A week later, Eddie had identified what the weird feeling was: fucking horny as fuck. Normally he wouldn’t mind, but as he came for the second time in one night and found his stupid cock 

still hard

, he knew something was wrong. 


“What is 

happening!?

” he panted. He was laying flat on his back in his bed, naked and sweating like a pig. His sheets were soaked and clinging uncomfortably to his flushed skin. It felt like the worst fever he’d ever had in his life. It felt like there was a nest of bees under his skin, like he would shake apart completely if he didn’t get… 

something

. 


Venom receded from their ministrations, gooey black tentacles slipping back into Eddie’s body from where they’d been stroking his erection. Little droplets of inky black speckled up his stomach to suck up the last sprinkling of cum he’d jacked out of Eddie. 


Eddie waited for some smartass reply… but none came. He blinked, focusing in, and felt Venom coil tighter in his chest. Embarrassed? 


No!


Eddie made an exasperated noise. “Just fucking tell me!” he hollered at the ceiling. “My dick’s gonna fall off soon if you don’t tell me what’s wrong!” 


Venom writhed under his skin, clearly agitated, and most definitely embarrassed. 
We should take time off work.


“I knew you were sick!” 


Not sick! Just… in season. 


Eddie blinked. He’d never known Venom to by shy about anything. The symbiote just blurted out whatever was on their mind. How the hell would an alien even know about stupid human emotions like shame? But that was, for sure, what Eddie felt from Venom now, or at least the symbiote approximation of it. 


“What the hell does that mean?” he asked, but tried to keep the bite from his voice. 


Mating season. 


Venom squirmed in his chest while a whole lot of emotions rolled through Eddie. He blinked a few times, mouth hanging open stupidly. “Mate-mating? Like, sexual, mating?” 


No, platonic mating. 

Yes,

 sexual mating, dumbass. 


Eddie ignored the sarcastic remark. He sat up on his elbows, mind churning with this new information. “We’ve been fucking already. How is this different?” 


Primal. Dominating. Uncontrollable. 


Human words seemed to fail Venom, so they supplied a taste of the 

feeling

 of it. Eddie’s eyes widened as the hunger for it practically punched him in the gut. It was similar to Venom’s usual hunger, but with an added layer of bone-deep lust so strong Eddie nearly came on the spot just from the second of sensation. It was like being plunged into a boili
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Sort Of
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
Size Kink
Come Inflation
Stomach Bulge
Large Cock
Multiple Orgasms
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alien Sex
Tentacles
Consentacles
Domestic Fluff
Past Rape/Non-con
Gender-Neutral Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Venom's giant sexy tongue
Bottom Eddie Brock
Top Venom Symbiote (Marvel)

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

