Work Text:
It isn't supposed to rain but it does anyway. It comes on suddenly and comes down hard. Normally the asset would just keep trudging but the weapons handler expects his gear back in working order, and he has nothing to keep his handguns from becoming waterlogged in the downpour. He’s already ruined his rifle...no sense in damaging the rest too. Luckily the mountain is riddled with caves. It’s easy enough to find one suitable to wait out the storm.He’s going to be late. His handler will surely punish him. The rain doesn’t care. It keeps on falling throughout the short spring day. The asset hydrates himself, cleans his guns, cleans them again...and then with nothing else to do he curls up for a nap.The rain finally lets up near dark. It’s the quiet that wakes him. Finally he emerges back into the forest to make his way to the extraction site.His ass twinges now and then around the plug holding a generous helping of human and beast cum inside him. As he picks his way through the muddy underbrush he thinks back to the night before. How is he going to explain this to his handler? Will he even get a chance to do so? Will Hydra want to comb the forest for the creature so they can capture it and bend it to their will? A beast so furiously strong would no doubt make it a great asset as well, to say nothing of its apparent resistance to bullets. Maybe they’ll use him to try to train it. Maybe they’ll use him to try to placate it.The woods grow quiet. The asset stands still, scanning his surroundings. There’s movement behind him. He whirls with a gun raised. Nothing. Just stillness and silence. He takes a breath and moves on.The bushes shake to his left. He aims again. This time he can see the leaves tremble. He backs up a step, then another, as whatever it is draws closer. He doesn’t want to waste ammo if it’s just a deer so he waits. The movement continues in a slow circle around him. The asset keeps his sights pointed its way.Finally the bushes part around a dark, hulking form. Silvery moonlight filters down across a mantle of shaggy grey fur and highlights a familiar, sloping forehead and muzzle. The gorilla-wolf has returned for him. It isn’t growling this time. The asset lowers his gun.The beast pads towards and around him on all fours. The wrongness of it makes the hair on the back of his neck stand up. He’s less afraid of it tonight but it’s still a nightmare in the flesh. It’s still the sort of thing folktales are told about. And it’s scenting the air for him.This could go one of two ways, the asset reasons. He figures he has the opportunity right here and now to steer it to the better outcome. Slowly he lowers himself to the ground until he’s on all fours as well. His ripped pants (he wasn’t given a kit to repair them) expose his most tender parts...even more when he reaches back and spreads the muscular globes of his ass cheeks in supplication.His offering is soon accepted. The gorilla-wolf’s cold wet nose and hot meaty breath touch his skin a few times. His breath catches when the creature’s tongue follows. It laps gently at his fingers, cheeks and thighs...down into the cleft of his ass and around the plug...and even lower, rasping across his scrotum and teasing his interested cock. The beast noses at the plug in annoyance until the asset removes it. Then he’s treated to more hot, rough tongue lashing out faster to catch the dribble of semen escaping his hole.The asset moans and lays his face in grass and leaves. He knows the drill. As long as he’s cooperative he can get pleasure out of it too. It’ll feel good if he doesn’t fight. So he just inches his knees apart more and lets it happen again.The wolf-beast is thorough. It licks him out until there’s nothing left and then tries to delve its tongue into his cunt to get more. He moans quietly at the onslaught. Before long his cock has grown full and ready, but as usual, he’s not going to be the one doing the fucking this evening. He’s quite alright with that. Based on his limited experience he knows he enjoys having his anus and rectum stimulated and he knows he enjoys having a mess in his insides. If last night was any indicator he’s about to get both again.When the licking stops he doesn’t think for a moment that they’re through. Indeed the creature’s doglike snout rests against his shoulder just before it blankets his entire body with its own and starts humping. Precum splashes across his skin. He grunts at the first few jabs that miss...then sucks in a deep breath and lets it out in a loud moan because the gorilla-wolf has found the entrance of his cunt and shoved all of its cock inside.Its thrusts are hard and fast enough to make his body rock. The asset braces himself against the ground as best he can to push back. He gets treated to a furious fucking that has him groaning in ecstasy at the way the knot pops in and out, in and out of his hole twice a second. The stretch is so good it makes his spine tingle. The cock making a home for itself 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Painful Sex
Non-Graphic Violence
Werewolves
Werewolf Sex
Knotting
Come Inflation
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Come Marking
Come as Lube
Facials
Multiple Orgasms
Butt Plugs
Gang Rape
Gangbang
Spitroasting
Feminization
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Hydra (Marvel)
HYDRA Trash Party
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Ruined Asshole
Teratophilia
Not Beta Read
Size Difference
Large Cock
Breeding Kink
Slut Shaming
Objectification
Object Insertion
Bestiality
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Threesome - M/M/M
Orgy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

