Work Text:
He hasn't had a good night's sleep in over seventy years. Can hardly even remember what that feels like, except for weak impressions that fade as quickly as the crescent-shaped marks from his fingernails digging into the palm of his clenched fist.And yeah, he's spent much of the past seventy years unconscious but that wasn't sleep, not really. There's nothing restful about what Hydra did to him, the horror of being put on ice followed by the blank emptiness of cryostasis. He wasn't a man to them; he was just a weapon, hung back up on a rack until they had need of him.Over the course of the past few months he's taken to thinking of himself as Bucky, trying it on for size. It doesn't quite fit right, but it feels less wrong than James or Barnes. It's the name Steve Rogers calls him by, so he supposes it's as good a name as any. He can't be the person Steve wants him to be, but he doesn't have anyone else to be either.Steve has been looking for him. He and Sam Wilson spent six months traveling the world, taking out a slew of remaining Hydra bases and looking for Bucky. Bucky kept track of them in the midst of settling his own scores with Hydra. He even helped them from afar a few times and was struck by just how utterly familiar it was when he used his sniper rifle to take out Hydra agents who tried to sneak up on Steve.But he never let Steve actually find him. He wasn't ready, not yet.Instead, Bucky's been searching for answers on his own, traveling around with stolen money, staying in cheap motels or squatting in abandoned homes and warehouses while he struggles to restructure the fragmented pieces of himself into something that makes sense.The problem is that he's been running himself ragged in the process. Whatever Hydra did to him, there is still a part of him that's human and breakable. He can't go on like this forever and even though he probably doesn't deserve to live, he also has no desire to die.Bucky grows more and more exhausted every day. He's drained and sleep deprived, barely able to sleep for more than two hours at a time because he's constantly on guard. His whole body is tense with a hyper-vigilance that makes impossible to relax. Most of the time, his brief interludes of sleep are interrupted by nightmares anyway. When he lies down and closes his eyes, he feels like he's sleeping with the ghost of every person he has wronged. He can see their screaming faces and hear their pleas for mercy ringing in his ears, a wretched chorus so loud he can barely even hear himself think.On the rare occasions when he does manage to sleep decently, he wakes up with half-formed memories of warmth and a sense of safety, of soft skin and blond hair glinting in the early morning light.*** After a particularly rough night, he finally buckles down and goes to New York. He knows where Steve is, always knows. His awareness of Steve is ever present, like the phantom pain of his missing arm.It's been two months since Steve returned from his search for Bucky and he's got a place in Brooklyn now, top floor of a brownstone not far from their old neighborhood. Bucky's cased the building before, knows all the entrances and exits, the embarrassingly shoddy security measures. He remembers enough about Steve to know that he never had much of a sense of self-preservation. It seems like nothing's changed on that front.But still, taking on bullies twice his size is a far cry from making it easy for a master assassin to break into his apartment. Sometimes he remembers the way Steve stopped fighting him when the helicarrier was going down and thinks that Steve must have a death wish.Quickly and quietly, Bucky sneaks in through Steve's bedroom window. Steve is lying in his bed, but he's not asleep. He stares up at Bucky, his body tensed and coiled as he waits for Bucky to make a move.Bucky doesn't know what to say so he settles for shutting the window behind him, both to block out the cold winter air and to placate the little voice inside him that says to take care of Steve and make sure he doesn't get sick this winter.After they pass several minutes in tense silence, Steve sits up and turns on his bedside lamp. Bucky doesn't move. He just stands there and lets Steve look at the state of him: bloodshot eyes with bags underneath them from lack of sleep, disheveled hair, nondescript hoodie, jeans, and boots, and the glove that hides his metal hand. He needs Steve to look at him, because sometimes Bucky feels so detached from himself that he forgets he's real."Oh Bucky," Steve says, his voice cracking slightly on the words. So many emotions flit across Steve's face that Bucky can't even begin to catalog them all. The only feeling the Winter Soldier cared about inciting was fear and he's seen enough terrified faces to know that whatever emotions Steve Rogers is experiencing, fear isn't one of them."You stopped looking for me.""No, Bucky. You just weren't ready to be found."Bucky looks away. "Yeah. Guess not.""And now?"Bucky d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Recovery
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Sharing a Bed
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

