Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When the Avengers alarm goes off, it’s always loud and piercing. Tony designed it that way on purpose, because he needed to make sure that the alarm was audible everywhere in the Tower and that it was dissimilar enough to any other alarms that no one would mistake it. The alarm is also accompanied by flashing red lights, because sometimes Clint’s hearing aids make his ears hurt.Today, Tony has regrets. They’re just getting to the good part of the movie. The popcorn and hot chocolate is long gone. Natasha, Bruce and Clint are all cuddled together on the couch. Thor is sprawled in the big chair. Tony is on the other couch, Steve on one side and Pepper on the other. He’s leaning against Pepper with his feet in Steve’s lap; Steve’s big hands massage his feet and lower legs slowly, while Pepper occasionally pauses between scribbles to run her hand over Tony’s head.And then the alarm goes off.“Aw, man!” Clint whines, raising his voice to be heard. “This blows. Can’t evil take a day off?”“Apparently not,” Natasha says with a sigh. She unwinds his arms from around Bruce’s neck and struggles out from beneath Clint, nearly dumping Clint on the floor.“I’ll contact Iron Man and tell him to meet us at the scene,” Bruce volunteers.Steve gets up, gently setting Tony’s feet on the couch, and stoops to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Be good, baby boy. Daddy won’t be gone too long.” He squeezes Pepper’s shoulder as she wishes them all luck and then heads out of the living room at a run.“I’m sleepy,” Tony says the moment they’re gone.“I guess it is time for your nap,” Pepper says, shuffling her papers. Tony’s pretty sure that she and the others think that the Avengers leaving for a mission upsets him. They think that he always gets ‘tired’ as soon as they go because he wants to go sit in his crib and pretend nothing is happening rather than watch live updates with Pepper. It kind of sucks that they think of him as the proverbial ostrich with its head in the sand, but Tony’s dealt with worse insults to his reputation.It’s a given when you’re Tony Stark.He slides off the couch and takes Pepper’s hand, letting her lead the way into the elevator. JARVIS takes them up to the nursery without being asked. Normally Tony fusses about going down for naps, but today he goes quietly into his crib and cuddles up to his blanky and teddy bear. Pepper checks his diaper, declares him dry, and brushes a kiss over his cheek. Then she slips out of the room.Immediately, Tony sits up. “Call up the hologram, J,” he says, all business as he nimbly clambers over the side of the crib. His feet hit the ground and he glances over his shoulder in time to see a hologram flicker into life behind him. It looks like him, except it’s curled up on its side like it’s asleep.Tony nods, satisfied, and hurries over to the door. At one time, he felt guilty about deceiving Pepper, Steve and the rest of the Avengers like this. But those days are long gone. He has to do this. The Avengers need Iron Man, but they don’t need Tony Stark. They need Tony’s money, and they keep Tony around when he’s in his headspace because he’s cute and he’s been told Littles are great stress relief, but they don’t need him. He’s made his peace with that.He backtracks to the elevator and heads down to the workshop. JARVIS has the armor waiting for him. Tony steps into it, smiling as it assembles flawlessly around him. He always feels more in control when he’s wearing the armor. He activates the thrusters and flies straight up; at the very last second, just as the landing platform on the roof slides open, he also activates the invisibility shield. It’ll only last for ninety seconds, but it’s long enough to insure that no enterprising journalists get a shot of Iron Man leaving Avengers Tower when Tony doesn’t want them to.After all, everyone believes that Iron Man is just his bodyguard. They think he lives in a non-descript apartment somewhere in Manhattan and refused a place in the Tower for the purposes of keeping his identity secret. No one knows who he is, not even Pepper. Life is just easier that way. He can be the Avengers’ Little, CEO Tony Stark, and Iron Man all at the same time. Juggling three separate parts of himself with no one the wiser isn’t easy, but it’s necessary when he doesn’t want to give up on any of them.“Sir,” JARVIS says into Tony’s ear, “Captain Rogers is waiting to be patched through.”“Go ahead,” Tony says. He knows that the voice modulator will subtly alter his voice, making it so that not even Steve’s advanced hearing will pick up on Tony’s voice. So he doesn’t hesitate to say, “Cap? It’s me. I’ve been alerted to the situation and I’m making my way there now.”“Iron Man, glad to hear you’re available,” Steve says. “We’re in Central Park.”“On my way,” Tony says, cutting the communication off. JARVIS will let him know if he’s needed. He increases his speed, flying towards Central Park as fast as he can.As he approaches, he catches a glim
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Baby Tony
Daddy Steve
Mommy Pepper
Little Headspace
Identity Reveal
Secret Identities
Secret Identity Reveal
the world does not know tony stark is iron man
tony doesn't want them to know
tony stark is the apple of the avengers' eye
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Mild Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Hugging
Comforting
Crying
Diapers
Cribs
Carrying
Platonic Hugging
Platonic Cuddling
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Steve Rogers
bottles
thumb sucking
Pacifiers
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues

fandom: 
None
