Work Text:
i.The Winter Soldier starts breaking into Steve Rogers's apartment on a nightly basis, which in retrospect is a career-ending move.He's got a perfectly sound rationale for doing it, even though it won't help salvage the calamitous helicarrier mission (and part of his mind is bewildered by the very idea of doing things without orders but a bigger part, an older part, is convinced this is somehow necessary). He needs food and a warmer sweater and he has to find out everything he can about the Captain, about this strange, inexplicable man who was on the bridge and in the helicarrier and in the dark, unswept crevasses at the back of the Soldier's mind.So he goes.Captain America lives in a cramped second-storey apartment in a nondescript building with no security except for an undercover agent living downstairs, whom the Soldier has no trouble evading. The Captain—his mission, his target—Steve—is asleep on one half of a bed that looks empty and oversized even for his big frame. The Soldier stands over him for a moment, trying to pinpoint what is simultaneously familiar about and wrong with this picture. He can't. His fingers move to grasp his pistol, never far from reach. Killing him would be the easiest thing in the world.But it won't put the helicarriers back in the sky, or undo the fact that he once dove into the Potomac to fish this man and his ridiculous suit out of the water one-handed. He's come here for supplies and reconnaissance, not murder. So he tucks the gun away, and turns to his self-appointed mission.He appropriates a loaf of bread and a bottle of mineral water from the kitchen, and a crumpled hoodie from the bottom of the laundry bin. Afterwards, just because he can, he explores every corner of the apartment on silent cat feet and finds a pocket-sized photograph on the bedside table not three inches from where the Captain is sleeping. It's old, the sepia hues faded, the edges frayed and worn, but the Soldier recognises the young man in uniform straight away. The man in the museum, the man in the mirror; Sgt. Barnes, 107th.He steals the picture, too.(Later, after he's found himself a park bench to sleep on and the bread's taken off the edge of his hunger, he finds himself wondering what the hell he did that for. There are any number of houses he could have broken into without fear of discovery, but the Captain will know for sure that someone's been in his flat, and who. This is a tactical error of the worst kind. The Soldier resolves to leave town at dawn and run for his life. Still, he thinks, settling into an almost-pleasant doze, it was worth the risk. The hoodie is so big and soft and warm, and smells so reassuring. So nice, which—though the Soldier doesn't remember—is a word he hasn't had cause to use in over seventy years.)  ii.He goes back to the apartment the next night, and the next, and every one after that.The lack of security unsettles him. The Captain seems not to care that his apartment is being burgled by a hungry ghost who systematically cleans out his fridge but leaves his valuables untouched. On the contrary, he seems to become even more careless. The windows are never locked, the motion sensors are permamently out of order, there's a new bag of warm sandwiches on the kitchen counter every night to replace the ones that keep disappearing mysteriously, and oh, that's a lot of money on the dresser even by today's standards.The apartment is quite possibly the most dangerous place the Soldier has ever been. It's a trap, it must be a trap. The possibility that the Captain is leaving food out for no reason other than to feed him beats at the hatches of his mind but is never admitted. Things like that don't happen. It doesn't work that way, missions don't do that, they take out guns and shoot at you, not do bizarre things like buy you sandwiches and pull you out from under fallen rafters and throw their shields out of helicarriers. But the Winter Soldier isn't programmed to know fear (except when the cold metal clamps with the electrodes come down around his face, and the pain arrives in force; then he isn't a soldier any more, much less The Soldier, just a vacuum into which terror and panic and other strange feelings diffuse). So he keeps coming, and he has all the twenty-seven escape routes memorised, and runs through them in his head even as he pockets the nightly sandwiches and deliberates if he should steal the fluffy blue scarf that's materialised on the back of the kitchen chair.One time the Captain isn't home for three nights running, though the food is there as always. The Soldier stays a while longer then. He washes his hair in the bathroom sink. He shaves with the Captain's razor; his beard is getting unruly and starting to attract stares. He finds a screwdriver and tightens a loose plate in his cybernetic arm. He used to have people to do this for him, but he's resigned himself to the fact that his HYDRA handlers aren't going to come for him, and if they did, they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

