Work Text:

Thor's right hand found another tankard at the same time his left found the milkmaid's thigh. The pretty lass was sitting across his lap, laughing along with his companions, encouraging his hand with little wiggles of her hips. It was one of those rare evenings when all seemed so pleasing—the weather was good, the drink was fine, his wit was passable, and the women were plentiful. Even the Lady Sif had a blushing waif of a girl perched on her knee who touched the hardness of her bicep with worshipful gasps. Sif, being chivalrous and obliging, flexed mightily. Thor raised his cup in approval as the girls cooed.

To be young and hearty, Thor mused as he quaffed his drink, was the best life to have. Being randy didn't hurt. He pinched the milkmaid's soft leg and was rewarded with her high-pitched squeal of delight. Fandral and Volstagg brayed with laughter, and even Hogun smiled. 

Thor's gaze swung over the assembled. Yes, everyone was having such a good evening. 

But then his eyes fell on Loki. 

Loki, who sat curled off to the side in his seat, still nursing what looked like his first cup of wine. Loki, who did not smile or laugh but scowled like the festive atmosphere was personally offensive to him. Loki, who was not even watching Thor's antics but staring far into the distance, like his mind was focused on something much more important and much more interesting. 

"Loki!" Thor called. "Another round?" He lifted his own empty tankard in question.

His brother at last turned his attention on Thor, brows raised like he was surprised to find him there still. "Not for me, thank you," he murmured. His gaze darted to the tavern door. "Actually I should be going."

"Going? The night is in its infancy!" 

Yet Loki was already setting his cup upon a mantle and tossing a few coins there to cover his small portion of the bill. "It may be, but I'm afraid I have grown old," he said to Thor. To the others, he gave curt farewells before heading to the exit.

Thor gently deposited the milkmaid onto Fandral's shoulders, where she sat in a place of high esteem as Thor followed his younger brother out into the chill of the evening. The sounds of music and chatter were muffled out here, and in the distance the lights of the palace glowed beneath the stars. An insect chirped meditatively. Thor's hand found Loki's shoulder and stopped him before he could sweep out of the little yard. 

"What is the matter with you?" he asked. "This is the third time you've begged off early from carousing with our friends in as many weeks." 

"Your friends," Loki corrected. "And anyway, I'd rather work on my spellcraft if it's all the same to you."

Thor's face fell. He had been generous, or so he'd thought, in ensuring that Loki was always included in their tight-knit group. It was his duty as the eldest, he felt, to make sure Loki did not languish alone in his rooms as he tended to do without the proper guidance. They were getting older now, would be considered leaders of their people in a few short centuries; this was the time to sow their wild oats. But Loki was not like Thor—he did not easily attract close friendships and he did not enjoy an abundance of mead and he seemed uninterested in allowing milkmaids to have a seat on his lap. In short, Loki was falling short of the ideal in every respect, and this concerned Thor, who loved his brother and wanted only the best for him.

"You spend so much of your time in study, Loki," Thor said. "Why can you not allow yourself this one night of revelry?" 

"I have," Loki countered, "and now I've decided to go back to my quarters. Is that so strange?"

"When there are so many fine maidens inside that tavern?" Thor hooked a thumb over his shoulder at the door. "Yes. It is strange."

Loki's eyes drifted away again as if his thoughts were elsewhere. "Well, I will be strange, then. Goodnight." He turned and headed out of the little yard. 

Thor trundled after him, nearly bowling over the little stick fence surrounding the tavern's property. "Do maidens not appeal?" he asked. "If that's the case, you need only tell me and other arrangements can be made. A strapping stable lad? Or—" He squinted. "One of those pretty lute players?" He couldn't picture either type sitting in Loki's lap, but his brother's preferences were his own; Thor wouldn't judge.

"How kind," Loki drawled, eyes focused straight ahead, "but you needn't go through the trouble. I'm tired, Thor. I'm going home."

Thor stopped in his tracks for a moment, thinking. Then, running ahead a few paces to come abreast of Loki once more, he said, "If dallying at all does not suit you, that's just as well. You should still drink with us, though, and take part in our evening's entertainments. I will make sure you're not bothered by any advances if that is what holds you back."

Loki halted and turned to Thor with a sigh. "I'm not bothered by anything! I just have better things to do tonight than watch you get drunk and fondle some seamstres
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Dubious Consent
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Sibling Incest
Crying
Wet & Messy
Creampie
Body Worship
Asphyxiation

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

