Work Text:
 
The first time Bucky sees Steve, their eyes meet across the lobby of the club. Steve’s gaze flickers down to Bucky’s bare throat, then back up to his face, and then away when Bucky smiles and winks.
The second time, Steve comes up to Bucky and offers to buy him a drink. Bucky accepts, and they exchange names. Bucky offers to suck Steve off in one of the semi-private booths in the back, and Steve accepts.
The third time, Bucky’s already on his knees. He’s naked and warm, his mind pleasantly fuzzy. He knows his legs are cramping and his jaw is aching but he can’t feel it. What he can feel is yet another hand settling on his head, yet another dick pushing between his lips. He’s lost track of how many different hands have already touched him, how many different dicks have already filled him up tonight. There’s something about the way this hand touches him that makes him force his heavy eyelids open, glance up. The man’s face looks familiar, but Bucky is too far gone to recall the name that goes with it.
It’s enough for now.
(Steve, he remembers later. Steve.)
The fourth time, Steve gives Bucky a manila folder after his bar shift, tells him, “Think about it,” in a low voice and leans in to kiss the corner of Bucky’s mouth before sliding into the car waiting at the curb.
The fifth time Bucky sees Steve, he’s just moved into Steve’s penthouse apartment and is wondering what the hell he’s gotten himself into this time.
Of course Steve lives in a penthouse. Maybe he’s afraid people wouldn’t be able to tell he’s filthy rich if he didn’t live in a penthouse. Or maybe he just likes the view of the city skyline. It is a nice view, Bucky thinks, especially now, by nightfall. He absently touches the glass, promptly regretting it when he sees the smudges left behind by his fingertips. He wipes them away with his sleeve.
Steve is still not here. The waiting and the silence are making Bucky jittery. He doesn’t know what to do with himself. He has already gravitated from the door—well, the elevator doors, because how could anyone be expected to know that Steve is filthy rich if his penthouse didn’t have a private elevator—to the wall of floor-to-ceiling windows across the apartment, taking it all in. Everything is bizarrely clean and tidy, like no one lives here at all. Like it’s a hotel room, or a model home.
He drifts back to the kitchen island. There’s no unopened mail, no used cups in the sink. Not even a dirty dish towel lying around. The only thing out of place is the flat, dark blue box sitting on the marble countertop.
Bucky feels so fucking jittery, and the box is just so incongruous with everything else. He’s opening it before he even makes the conscious decision to open it.
There’s a collar inside the box. It’s exquisitely simple; padded black leather, silver buckle and D-ring. It looks expensive. Heavy. Soft to the touch, too.
Bucky doesn’t touch it.

The Dominant agrees to furnish the submissive with a symbolic token of ownership.

He can feel his pulse at the base of his throat, right where the collar will rest once Steve puts it on him.
Jesus Christ.
None of this had seemed entirely real until now. In the folder Steve gave him the fourth time they saw each other, Bucky had found an NDA, a proposed Agreement of Consensual Ownership (capital letters and all), a general information form, and a checklist of activities. Reading those documents, doing his research, filling out and signing everything, coordinating with Steve’s PA, rearranging and trimming down his work schedule, somewhat frantically reevaluating his life decisions during the seven-day waiting period demanded by the agreement… None of that had made it feel real. Not really.
But this. This does.
God, it does.
The elevator is humming. Bucky tears his eyes away from the collar. His collar. The back of his neck is prickling with heat.
There’s more than enough time for him to put the lid back on the box.
For some reason, he doesn’t.
“You’re already here,” Steve says when the elevator doors ping open. Another incongruity: He’s wearing an immaculate suit, but his hair is damp and his cheeks are flushed like he just got out of the shower. He strides into the apartment, dropping the gym bag that was slung over his shoulder.
“Yeah,” Bucky says. His mouth feels dry. “Didn’t have much to pack.”
Didn’t much feel like staying any longer than necessary, either. He wonders if he’d have hated his shitty furnished sublet as much if he’d known some billionaire businessman was about to show up and turn his life into an improbable sexual fantasy. Probably not.
Steve’s eyes fall on the box.
“I,” Bucky says. “Opened it.”
“So I see,” Steve says, looking down and adjusting one of his cufflinks. “Will it do?”
Bucky swallows. Will it do. God. “Yeah,” he says again. Yeah, it’ll do, all right.
He’s half expecting Steve to collar him right away, but Steve doesn’t. He heads for the fridge and gets out a water bottle, one of those fancy reusable ones. Bucky is not at all 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Dom/sub relationship
Mutual Pining
Explicit Sexual Content
Emotional Constipation
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Anxiety Attacks
Safeword Use
Subspace
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

