Work Text:
For some reason, people loved to read about serial killers and crime. After his interview with Cletus Kasady, Eddie kept getting calls for interviews with serial killers, over and over again- he was sometimes requested directly by the killer themselves. Apparently, word got around in those circles that he’d reported fairly on Cletus. Which, that  was true. It wasn’t like he was going to lie to his readers. None of Cletus' story required embellishment to be morbidly fascinating. Serial killers turned into his niche; a development he wasn’t sure how to feel about. No one deserved fame for murdering someone. It’s not like murdering someone was even hard. He pushed for more interviews with those behind solving the murders, rather than the people behind crimes.They weren’t in any danger from interviewing killers, though. Better they than some poor reporter that could get shanked in the middle of an interview. Venom could dispatch any of them easily even if it would be inconvenient.His fame grew as a true crime reporter in general, which Eddie didn’t mind. Once his following was big enough, he was confident enough to throw his weight around and start showcasing those that worked to put the serial killers behind bars. He changed names sometimes, for the protection of those he interviewed, but the public ate it up as much as they ate up the grisly details of the crimes themselves.Because of his focus on serial killers, it made sense to do stories on the FBI, since so many serial killers crossed state lines. Of course, this led to him branching into unsolved cases, as well as those with arrests and currently in-progress investigations.Sometimes, all it took to solve a case was an outside perspective.So, in a journal that he never planned on showing to anyone, Eddie kept a record of solved serial killing sprees that he took care of himself. The FBI was busy; their red tape took too long to get through... and, besides, a guy had to eat.Still, his work with the FBI offered him a wealth of information on cases he might follow up on himself, and which he needed to steer clear of if he didn’t want any trouble with the government.It also made for interesting connections. Will Graham was one of those connections: a man who solved crimes by sympathizing with monsters, hot on the trail of the Chesapeake Ripper. That was an interesting case that seemed to be evolving into a copycat. It was a mess that Eddie would love nothing more than to get to the bottom of, but work rarely took him near the the Capitol. For good reason, Eddie was afraid an endless parade of lying, cheating politicians would be too tempting snack for them.He didn’t need to get on the FBI’s radar for eating a senator.Yet, he couldn’t say no when an opportunity to shadow Will Graham working an actual case came up from his editor. As far as he knew, the man was a teacher more than a field agent, so he had no idea if this chance would come again. He didn’t expect the trip to involve a totem pole of bodies.“What do you say to that, V? Pile of bodies, huh.”
 It’s overwrought. And missing a pile of heads. Pile of heads is the best part. 
“A tasteful art critique.”Of course, the latter comment was what Will had heard and commented on. His odd comment seemed to entertain the man... at least, he thought so. Maybe Graham was just glad to be around someone weirder than he was. He didn’t get much one-on-one time with the man at that scene, but enough to get his number and meet a few interesting members of the BAU team.… which is how he ended up getting a series of confusing texts about a Dr. Hannibal Lecter at midnight months later. Eddie replied to that, of course, and got eleven more long-winded, confusing texts in response. Part of it was an attempt at coherent explanation, other parts just boiled down to him saying ‘stupid hot therapist bastard’ over and over again.He had to meet this guy. Graham was a pretty put together man in all of their previous interactions. Something had to have gotten under his skin in some kinda way to get this response.Graham, of course, was very apologetic the next day for the texts. Eddie told him not to worry. Sometimes all you needed was someone outside the situation to talk to, which seemed to make Graham feel better. He was able to cash the new level of friendship in for a few tips and favors along the line, and Graham’s confidence was worth its weight in gold.So, when he was back in Baltimore, he made time to 'wander' into Will’s office and inquired after the doctor, then laugh at the blush it caused.“If you met him, you’d understand. It’s very frustrating,” Graham said, which of course led Eddie to make it his mission to meet this elusive doctor.“Wouldn’t know about that,” Eddie said, scratching the back of his head, and  wouldn’t you know it:  that’s when Hannibal walked into Will’s office like he owned it. Instantly, he could see the appeal. He wasn’t really his type, but it was certainly a type, and it offset Will’s boo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Will Graham/Hannibal Lecter
Eddie Brock & Will Graham

freeform: 
Dinner
Cannibalism
Canon level cannibalism that is
Food is People
Humor
takes place in an au version of hannibal season 1
because i wasn't about to rewatch a whole three seasons to write this

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Will Graham/Hannibal Lecter
Eddie Brock & Will Graham

