Chapter 1: We are complicated, we are simple
    




Chapter Text

NOBIS

Chapter 1

We are complicated, we are simple.

 
 He did not remember how they ended up here, on the roof of an old building, sitting on the dirty, stone cold floor. He was sure he had laid down in bed. Yes, he did remember that. Also, he had argued with his “partner” about not eating all the food he had bought for the whole month, then brushed his teeth, drank a cup of water, and went straight to bed, but… Now he was here, surrounded by small grey feathers. They looked like pigeon feathers.“V… Please tell me we didn’t do what we did.” He looked around, noting that in front of them was some sort of dovecote completely empty and with the door half attached to the original bases.“…” Silence was the only answer he got from said partner.“Shit.” With effort, he got up from the floor. He was shoeless and dressed in some light sweatpants, cold-induced shivers covering his entire worn out body. "Disgusting…"The idea that they had come all the way up to this rooftop to assault the dovecote and devour those poor birds really pissed him off, not to mention the horrible taste in his mouth. The full sensation of his belly now replaced with strong nausea that forced Eddie to run to the rooftop border and empty his stomach contents there.“Eddie… we need food.”Eddie continued his task while lifting his trembling right hand and his middle finger to the symbiote. After a few more gags, he managed to get a hold of himself to clean his mouth with his forearm, feeling less sick but still guilty.“Damn it, V. I don’t want to do this,” he whimpered while his hands made their way to his face, rubbing intensely while waddling over to where he woke up from his strange dullness. “You can’t decide what we eat while I’m sleeping!”“Eddie, us, the three of us… food… we need food.”“Eat… Eat, just hearing that word makes me feel like a freaking vessel where you decided to…” He took a very, very deep breath. He was just about to say something out of sheer indignation that wasn't even true. “Love, I know you are doing this for us… but, this is disgusting.”He took yet another deep breath, unconsciously leading his right hand to his lower belly. He still didn’t believe there was something there, aside of guts and Venom, something that grew and demanded his attention in a brutal manner, making his body surpass any sorts of human limits, including the number of calories. It could be even worse than Venom in a bad mood without chocolates and french fries.“Eddie, this is normal. They need to grow.”“We are barely two months in and I already feel like I’ve eaten a whole year's worth of food,” he whimpered in frustration while pacing in circles in the rooftop. He was gonna go crazy if he didn’t get the emotional frustration out of his system. All this stressed him out: the situation, Venom, and the baby. Everything made him want to quit.“I told you this wasn’t going to be easy.” With great care, he slid a few black tentacles over the journalist's arms, a weird comforting touch, or so Eddie thought it was. “But it won’t be long, Eddie. They will grow fast.”“I wouldn’t be so sure. You told me that it depends on the biological species of your host. Human babies take nine months to “come out of the oven”.”“Nine months is a lot. Humans are slow for everything,” he teased from the back of Eddie's mind, voice full of bitterness.“It's pretty obvious. We are not some sort of amorphous mass. Maybe you can divide into simple cells when you need, but this body is…”“Sweet, soft, rich in nerves, organs, chemicals…” Venom began to slide over his partner's body, going out a bit to prove his initial point about the human body. “And now you are a very tasty cocktail of chemicals and hormones, Eddie.”“No, V.” There was a weird sting in the base of his spine. He knew what that meant. Yes, he definitely knew. “Not here, and not now.”
“No one’s here, Love… We are alone and we want it.”
“What I want is to get down from this stupid rooftop and take a bath. We stink of dead animals.”“Mmm… If we go back home, can we?” With great subtlety, he slid his long tongue over Eddie's cheek, tempting him about the possible answer.“I’m starting to believe you are get addicted to this.” He shivered at the wet feeling over his jugular, making its way over to his clavicle, and stayed there for a second, analyzing said words."I didn't know anything about human reproduction, but it is fun nonetheless to pick on you. We feel good when that happens. We like it.”"I can't deal with you, V," he complained, moving his hands to shake off the symbiote's tongue off of his neck. "You want anything from me? Behave and take us home.""Okay, let's go home," he rumbled while extending over Eddie's skin, covering him completely, adopting his alien form, "but we need to eat something else. You puked almost everything out before we were able to absorb any nutrients.""We’ll see what’s back home. We are tired, darling. Let's not complicate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Mpreg
veddie - Freeform
Gay Porn Hard
Tentacle Sex
Anal Sex
Alien Sex
symbrock
venom - Freeform
Porn with Feelings
Pregnant Sex
labor
Male Lactation
Family Dynamics
raise a baby
Venom is a great and curious father
babies symbiotes
babys
Hybrids
being a parent is not easy

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

