Work Text:
It was a typical Sunday night. Steve sighed pushing his hands into his coat pockets and wandering down the strip of bars that lit up the street like a Christmas tree. People gathered outside buildings, laughing and joking creating an atmosphere that only hung around on weekends. Steve shuffled past quietly enough, his slim frame agile to weave through meandering folks all on their ways to god knows where. 
He was glad it was summer, the humidity in the slight breeze prickling sweat to his forehead as he craned his neck to get a better look in the dives he passed. It was typical of Bucky, to be out so god darn late that Steve had no choice but to come and collect him himself. There had been numerous times where Steve hadn't bothered, and those times were usually the times where Bucky would end up passing out drunk in a gutter somewhere just to wake up shoe-less and a few bucks shorter than he intended. 
It's not that Bucky always got drunk. Hell, he worked all damn week, Steve allowed him to get a little hazy on his only day off. But it worried Steve anyhow. They didn't live in the nicest part of Brooklyn and any time either of them spent apart they usually spent worrying about the other.
Steve turned off down a side-road walking towards one of Bucky's favorite joints where they played decent music and served cold beer. Steve pushed open the door and was hardly surprised to see it busy. He sighed, going by unnoticed as usual as he worked through the crowd.
And that's when he saw him. His lumbering oaf of a friend twirling some girl's hair around his finger as the guy she was with took a threatening step closer.
“God damn it Buck!” Steve yelled pulling Bucky back towards him, eyes wide in alarm. Bucky stumbled back against Steve, eyes still on the dame he was trying flirt with, her fella there looking awful angry. Steve raised an apologetic hand at the guy who sized him up. He shook his head, threatening gaze still pinned on a drunken Bucky. Bucky allowed himself to be led out the bar, Steve dragging him along like he was chastising a child. He was a lot weaker than Bucky, but Bucky's uncoordinated state made it easy enough to move him against his will. “One of these days you're gonna get yourself killed!” Steve snapped, pushing Bucky out the door and into the cool street. Bucky stumbled, the perfect picture of a fool as he straightened up his sunday best and mock saluted his best friend whose eyes nearly rolled out his head. He took a hold of the brunette's jacket sleeve guiding him through the throng of night-goers in the direction of their shared apartment building. 
“Easy Rogers, just opening up a barrel of laughs is all!” Bucky said, shaking himself free and smirking down at his friend who was staring back at him with disbelief.
“With other guys dames?” Bucky waved a dismissive hand towards Steve who huffed out in annoyance. The walk back to their apartment was a long one, Steve silent most of the time as Bucky sang nonsensically and babbled about some of the guys from work. He would glance towards Steve hoping to get a response but Steve kept his eyes forward, brow furrowed and mouth in a tight unwavering line. 
When they finally made it back to their building, Steve resigned the silent treatment in aid of helping Bucky up the long flights of stairs. They stopped once or twice, be it for Steve to get his breath back or for Bucky to retch in the corner of the hallway, Steve on look-out hoping no one would come and complain about the drunken fool.
When they finally made it through their front door Steve sighed in relief. Bucky simply laughed, falling into the room and preening under the dim candle light that Steve forgot to distinguish from when he was sat reading in the armchair by the window. Steve felt anger prickling at him and before Bucky could open his mouth to say something Steve beat him to it.
“Swear to God Bucky, when you're being such a babe I oughta be like your daddy and put you over my knee.” Steve complained, hanging his coat up on the hook on the back of their door, gripping the bridge of his nose at the flare of a headache that hummed behind his eyes. 
“Why don't you then?” Bucky called out, hands raised in the air. Steve turned to him, mouth pursed eyebrows drawn together. Bucky looked the epitome of challenging, a sparkle in his eyes that Steve couldn't quite bring himself to recognize. He shook his head.
“Don't you tempt me, boy!” He pointed a finger at his friend. During their little spats Steve often came out on top. They'd never hit each other, but Steve always got the most heated. Seemingly forgetting his height and weight disadvantage and going right up close to Bucky, anger clouding his mind until his friend would always drop a light hand on his shoulder; followed by a heart-felt apology that would leave them hugging like they'd just found one another after years alone. And just like that, they'd go back to normal. Steve turning to the stove to heat cabbage soup as Buc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Feelings
Porn with some plot
Spanking
Dirty Talk
daddy-kink
Feminisation
Internalized Homophobia
Period-Typical Homophobia
Idiots in Love
Friends to Lovers
Bare-backing
Bottom!Bucky
Skinny!Steve
bucky barnes: bottom bitch
Crossdressing Kink
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Daddy Kink
Homophobic Language
First Time

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

