Chapter 1: Steve Rogers
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
At age seven, Steve knows his soulmate. He’s not too pleased about it, but he knows.Steve knows him the moment Dallas punches him in the gut and kicks him to the ground. Scott is laughing like a maniac as Dallas kicks the crap out of him like the soon to be dead horse that he is. Steve’s gasping for air like a fish on land, as dirty rain water from the Brooklyn back road gets in his mouth. His asthma kicks in and his lungs close up. Steve’s vision blurs and narrows down to a single point.He’s going to die here. He’s going to suffocate to death, leaving his poor mother even more heartbroken. She’s already lost her husband; now, she’s going to lose her son. Steve could fight, but he can barely keep his eyes open. Dallas gives him another kick to the stomach, and Steve thinks maybe it would be for the best. If he died, Sarah wouldn’t have to work as hard for Steve’s medicine. He’d stop being a burden on everyone around him. Everything would just stop, and no one but his mother would care.The second he gives up the fight and closes his eyes, Steve feels a warm pulse under his skin. A heartbeat that isn’t his gives him air as it says, “Don’t give up. I’m coming.”Steve looks up. Jeffery has a large plank in hand and is about to batter Steve’s head into the ground when there’s a loud yell from the street. The three boys turn just in time to see a half-eaten apple sailing through the air before it smacks Jeffery smack dab in the face.Jeffery stumbles back, holding his reddening nose. Dallas spins around, eyes wide and foaming at the mouth like a mad dog looking for Jeffery’s attacker.A brown haired boy only a head taller than Steve runs down the back road as fast as his legs can carry him. He gives Dallas a right hook that sends him staggering back.Scott growls, “Why I oughta-” He pulls out a pocket knife and tries to stab the boy. But the boy is fast. He dodges the attack and knocks the knife out of Scott’s hand before elbowing Scott in the throat.Dallas makes a dive for the knife, but the brown-haired boy kicks it away. He grabs Dallas’s head and pulls him down, knees him square in the nose.Dallas grabs his nose with both hands and lets out a muffled scream. He staggers away from the boy as blood slips out between his fingers. Dallas glares at the boy, trying to intimidate him, but it doesn’t seem to work.The boy gives Dallas a cocky grin. “What? You want some more?” asks the boy, putting his hands up like the boxers Steve has seen in posters.Dallas growls, but he doesn’t approach the boy. Slowly, he gathers his crew around him as he makes his escape. “You’ll regret this, Rogers. Mark my words, you’ll regret crossing me,” he says, tail between his legs as he makes his escape.As Dallas disappears from view, Steve lets out a wheezy sigh. Saved by the skin of his teeth.A shadow falls over him and Steve looks up. “Hi,” the boy says. “You called for me?”Steve blinks, confused. Steve hadn’t called for help. But the pulse he felt over the soul bond, could the boy be talking about that? Steve had heard stories of people on their deathbed calling out for the comfort of their soulmate, but he didn’t think it was true.Did he subconsciously call for his soulmate? Is this boy telling the truth? In his mind, Steve reaches out for the fading heat and gives it a quick tug. The boy’s eyes twitch at the touch. Steve frowns. He didn’t expect a boy to come to his rescue. Not that he thought anything was wrong with boys, but Steve has his pride.“I had him on the ropes,” he says with a wheeze, trying not to let his bruised ego show. Steve tries to stand up, but he’s still lightheaded. Steve loses his balance and slips on the slick cobblestone road.The boy laughs and offers a hand. “Sure you were,” he says with a blinding smile. “I’m James Barnes. But you everyone calls me Bucky.”“Steve Rogers,” Steve grumbles as he takes the warm hand and pulls himself up.“So which one do you think this is? They say there’s two possibilities: friends or lovers. Which do you think it is?” asks Bucky.Steve looks at him, disgust on his face. “I’m seven and two thirds. How should I know?”Bucky laughs. “Doesn’t mean you haven’t thought about it.”Steve scowled. Of course he had thought about it! He just hadn’t spent much time thinking about what he would do when he finally found them.
 Steve spends years thinking about it before he finally makes a decision. He and Bucky are more than just friends. They watch each other’s back. Steve gets into fights, and Bucky swoops in just in time to get him out. They keep each other warm at night when their parents die. They are two peas in a pod. Bucky is the pepper to Steve’s salt, the Clyde to Steve’s Bonnie. And if nothing else proves that their made for each other, the sex does.It starts off as a timid, quick kiss on the Ferris wheel after a long day of picking fights and beating up bullies. Just a pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Suicide
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Torture
Canon-Typical Violence
Suicidal Thoughts
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Present Tense
POV Tony Stark
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Steve Rogers
Polyamory
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Angst and Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Depression
Near Death Experiences
Captain America: The First Avenger Compliant
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
Iron Man 3 Compliant
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Slow Burn
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

