Work Text:
First impressions say much about a person. Unless that person was Raven, she just seemed to make awful first impressions.Raven was watching a movie, not really paying attention to what was happening. The rapid scene changes was making it difficult to stay in the presence.
Cold weather, so cold. No coat, but mittens. Only warm hands. Lonely.
The protagonist was running through the spaceship quickly.
Dancing, twirling and twisting through the sea of bodies. Loud music reigning the senses, a pulse from the stereos creating a new heartbeat they were all connected with. Gravitating towards each other before bouncing back and moving to another. Alcohol replaced blood as it kept everyone awake and staying moving.
The ship was falling. One of the main characters was saving someone else. That always seemed to happen in movies.
"Miss me, miss me. Now your gonna kiss me!" A little girl skipping through the park, going away from a little boy. Wrinkled nose and laughter surrounding but not coming from.
The bad guy was being shot. Bad guys always fell. The black and white of movies, so simple and easy. She was almost jealous.
Fire. Fire everywhere. It was hot, so, so , so hot. Ash rained down from the sky like snow. Hot, burning snow. Touch and die. Don't touch, don't let close, dodge to survive. No one left. Nonenonenonenonenonenonenone. ITBURNS!
Raven was brought back to herself by the sound of her own scream. She lay on the floor beside the couch, she must have fallen. The movie was paused and Natasha was crouched over her, saying her name. "Raven? Raven, are you back with us?" Natasha asked. Raven nodded and struggled to sit up."Who's us?" Raven gasped, her throat dry and voice leaving her.Clint spoke from behind her. "Hi, mom." He called. Raven grinned, throwing a pillow in the direction of his voice."Hey, Arrow." She called. She pulled herself up using the couch, waving away Natasha's attempts to help. "I'm fine. I'm fine. Honestly. You win at the playground?" The grin was answer enough. "Good." She paused and tilted her head to better hear the vision coming. Missing man standing alone in a group. Lonely. Sad. Love. Pain. Hope. Raven smiled. "Your bringing friends?" She stood and walked over to the kitchen area."Always." Tony said. He had already changed out of the suit and was pouring a glass of something at the bar. "You going to meet them?"Raven nodded, opening the door to the freezer. "I think so. Lord Prince, it is your chance to decide what lunch is.""A feast! A feast to welcome new friends!" Thor boomed. "Pop tarts and mead and a roast and-." Raven nodded seriously."How about chicken sandwiches?" She offered. Thor hesitated and she added, "with pop tarts of course." Thor quickly agreed. Raven grabbed what was necessary and turned back around. "Do you know which of your friends is coming today?" Raven asked. She was looking at the room as she grabbed a knife and the chicken slices. Clint and Natasha were sprawled on the couches in a forced relaxed fashion. They knew something the others didn't. Bruce was getting dressed and Thor was busy trying to discover the hidden pop tart supply that Clint and Tony had convinced him existed. Tony came beside her and wrapped an arm around her waist."No idea. Who is it?" Tony asked. He kissed her temple and she leaned into him, humming slightly."The man in the flying bus." Raven said. "The one who is searched for. He is coming along with the Sciences, the one out of time and place, the the one destroyed by herself, and the one who fights to protect." She was oblivious to the stares from the others and she continued to slice the chicken and place it in a pan to fry. "He will bring a great change to this tower, but it will be good." She gave a slight laugh. "Good great change, is there another kind?""Are you alright, Raven?" Natasha asked. Raven nodded, smiling happily."I'm going to take a shower. I suggest you all do the same." Steve announced pushing himself up from his seat. Clint agreed and Natasha got up as in agreement. They headed out, leaving Tony and Raven alone.Tony propped his chin on top of her head. "You're speaking deep thoughts again." She hummed in response. "Last time you did that, the world almost ended and the Avengers was formed. The world about to end again?" Raven hummed again. "Right then. Laeth asleep?" A nod. "Is she going to wake up, or is she missing our guests?" A shrug. "No words?" Raven giggled slightly and he kissed her temple again. "Okay. Did I tell you that I may have found a way to cloak the suit? It's basically like a mirror turned out so all light is reflected, but its strong so it wont be destroyed. The electromagnetic radiation would ensure that." Tony backed up and started to cut up vegetables beside her. Bruce would insist everyone have a salad- the health nut. He continued to talk, speaking on anything that came into his head. "So, confession, I kind of saw the last episode of The Bachelor without you yesterday." Raven glare
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/ Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Master of Death Harry
Protective Avengers
Fem!Harry
Immortal Harry
Family Bonding
Panic Attacks
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/ Natasha Romanov

