Chapter 1





Chapter Text


 X A smattering of stars splays out across the early evening sky, bright pinpoints of light that grow steadily brighter and more numerous as the light of the setting sun slowly diminishes, the entire galaxy slowly emerging overhead. The breeze is cool, picking up with the onset of night. It makes the solar sail flap in its tethers, and sends a chill through his bones.Charles adjusts his grip on the sail’s long, thin bar, widening his stance on the narrow board of the surfer and pressing tentatively down on the single pedal with his left heel, revving the small, two cylinder engine attached at the back. With the sunlight quickly fading--it always seems to go faster near the end, he thinks with chagrin—so too is his power source, the solar cells that make up his sail also growing dark.He has just enough power to make it back. If he takes a shortcut.The way he’d come to his current vantage point, floating high above the rocky canyon depths below, had been long and winding, skirting through narrow passageways and weaving over and around rock piles and formations had taken him the better part of the afternoon, even with his usual reckless speed and wild abandon that he always surfs with. That had been when the sun was out, high overhead, and providing a continuous and unfailing power supply. The shortcut will take him above the twisting canyon path but also straight through an old construction site that’s still active, machinery slowly clanking away and providing enough obstacle on its own.On any other day, Charles would love to surf through the construction, testing his skill against close calls and near misses with the huge steelworks. No obstacle is too daunting, not when he feels more at home in the sky than on land. But tonight, already low on power and visibility dropping, it’s a risk. The site is a strict no-fly zone, and Charles has had his fair share of run ins with the authorities over the area—but that just makes it more fun.Now, though, he doesn’t have a choice, unless he wants to be stranded out in the wasteland for the night without any supplies. He’ll just have to hope the police have better things to be doing than patrolling the area.He slams his heel down on the small pedal, sparking his engine once more and shooting forward across the sky, his sail catching on the breeze and adding to his speed. His hair whips back wildly in the wind, and the force of air on his face makes it hard to breathe for a moment, pressing back down against his lungs but Charles lets out a laugh of sheer delight at the sensation, throwing back his head in joy as he grips the bar with both hands and leans back until he’s flying nearly horizontal, adrenaline pumping.The rocky tops of the canyons are smooth and flat, so he makes good time as he blitzes through the air above them. It’s already dark by the time he reaches the construction zone, the sun sunken fully beneath the far-off horizon, so he can only just barely make out the edges of steel girders and infrastructure, and the thick, heavy arms of the building machines.Charles tightens his grip on his surfer and leans forward into the wind.He built his first surfer by himself when he was eight. He’s since graduated from his clunky first creation, but Charles took to the sky as easy as breathing and some days his feet hardly touch the ground at all. The direction and motions of his board are part of him, something that he feels rather than steers, so skating past the first few looming obstructions in his path is nothing. He leans into each motion, guiding his surfer in a graceful, arcing path, grinning as his skirts perilous danger by inches. He nearly crashes into a huge, cement pipe held suspended in midair by a crane but pulls up at the last second, turning it into a spiraling somersault as he spins, letting loose a wild, triumphant cry.After that he forgets about getting home entirely, absorbed by how many tricks he can do without getting himself killed. He flips himself completely upside down and stamps down on the pedal, weaving through towering stacks of girders at breakneck speeds, and the flips himself rightside up again just in time to grind the bottom of his board against a long conveyor belt, flipping his sail closed and sliding down it sideways before kicking off and taking to the air again, sail unfurling again with a loud snap.He’s having entirely too much of a good time, feeling as light and free as he’s ever felt, which is of course when out of nowhere two sirens start to blare, blue and red flashing lights lighting up the dark behind him, and an emotionless, robotic voice calls out, “Halt!”Charles lets his surfer glide to a stop, tipping his head forward to smack lightly against the solar sail, leaving a smudge on one of the cells. “Shit.”
 
X 

 X
 
The Marko Inn is a small, homely establishment situated on the edge of cliff overlooking a vast, empty chasm of open air, the ground far below usually covered by clouds that gi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Space Pirates
Alternate Universe - Space
Alternate Universe - Pirate
Alternate Universe - Treasure Planet Fusion
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
Charles Is a Darling
BAMF!Charles
Illustrations
questionable science
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

