Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

The whole school was abuzz the week after Mr. Cobbwell announced this year’s chemistry field trip. As far as the students were concerned, this was going to be one of the most important events of their school careers. Every chemistry student (which, seeing as they attended a STEM school, meant almost every Junior) was invited, and the rumor mill was hard at work trying to guess where they were going. The Friday before the trip, pink permission slips were handed out, and the student body was ready to burst at the reveal of the location--Stark Tower, current headquarters of Stark Industries and former base of the Avengers. The only one who didn’t seem excited was Peter Parker, Stark Industries intern and unofficial Avenger.

A hand slammed onto Peter’s desk, causing him to jump slightly at the sharp noise. “Hey, Penis! Ready for everyone to learn that your internship is sham?” Flash taunted. Again.

Peter rolled his eyes and turned away. He’d grown numb to Flash’s mocking. The bully wasn’t satisfied, though.

“Maybe you can introduce us to Tony Stark, hm? Oh, wait.” He covered his mouth with his hand, an expression of fake, exaggerated shock on his face.

“I’m not going on the trip,” Peter muttered. He regretted it almost instantly. Engaging just seemed to egg him on.

“You won’t be able to keep up your lie just by chickening out. You’re such a coward.”

“Just shut up, Flash,” Ned said. Even if Peter insisted he didn’t care, Ned hated standing by.

“Or what, you’ll sit on me? Crush me to death?” he jeered.

“Leave him out of it,” Peter warned. His fingers curled tightly around his spinner. Even as he spoke, though, he knew he couldn’t do anything. Not without revealing his secret identity. 

Flash opened his mouth to reply when Mr. Cobbwell cleared his throat to get the class’ attention.

“Bring the slip in by Wednesday. We need to send the information to the company so that they can make security badges.” Peter flinched as the harsh chime of the school bell interrupted the teacher. The man had to raise his voice over the sounds of chatter and zipping backpacks. “Have a good weekend, everyone. Don’t forget, the review packet is due Thursday.” And with that, he let them go.

Peter waited at his desk as everyone left. “I’ll catch up,” he told Ned when his friend gave him a questioning look.

As soon as Ned was gone, Peter felt his spider sense a moment before Flash plucked the spinner from his hands. “You know, it’s too bad your internship is fake. There aren’t enough girls in STEM, after all.”

Peter stood abruptly and snatched the spinner back. “Shut up, Flash!” Peter winced as his voice cracked. His empty hand was already in a tight fist.

“Mr. Parker! Mr. Thompson!” Mr. Cobbwell called, cutting the confrontation off.

Flash gave Peter a harsh look, hefted his backpack over his shoulder with an annoyed ‘hmpf,’ and strutted out of the room.

It took Peter a full minute to calm down, flicking the spokes of the spinner and feeling the slight vibrations of the ball bearings being absorbed into his fingers.

“Peter, did you need something?” Mr. Cobwell asked quietly.

Peter glanced up at him, having gotten lost in his own thoughts. “Do I have to fill out the permission slip if I don’t want to go?” he asked without preamble.

“What do you mean? I thought you’d be more excited about this trip than anyone. You’re always talking about your…internship.”

“The internship is real,” Peter said automatically. He’d long figured out that whenever people mentioned it to him, they were doubtful. 

“Regardless,” Mr. Cobbwell continued, not wanting to open that particular can of worms at the moment, “why don’t you want to go?” he asked again.

Peter spoke quickly, barely pausing for breath. “Well, I mean, I’ve been there before. Obviously. Every day. Taking a tour of my home would be weird, you know? And like, I’ve even been through the museums so there’s no point in going. And it wouldn’t really be fun because Flash is just going to be annoying the whole time, and--and I don’t want to make a scene, and--”

Mr. Cobbwell had to stop the boy’s tirade before he got dizzy. “Peter,” he said, holding up a hand to quiet him. Peter closed his mouth with a snap. “If you don’t want to go, I can’t force you. You’ll need a pa--a guardian’s signature to get out of classes on Friday, though.”

Peter beamed. “Thank you, Mr. Cobbwell!” He hurriedly stuffed his papers and books into his bag, including the blank review packet, and ran out the door, leaving the teacher to marvel at the strange direction of Peter’s enthusiasm.

In the hallway, Flash was nowhere to be seen, a fact that Peter was greatly relieved by. He quickly found Ned waiting for him at Peter’s locker.

“What was that about?” Ned asked.

“I was just asking about the field trip.”

“I thought you said you weren’t going.”

“I’m not. I just need to get May to write a note or whatever, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter doesn't go on the field trip
mixing up that formula
Spiderson and Irondad
spiderson
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Trans Peter Parker
Autistic Peter Parker
Transphobia
(Flash makes a transphobic comment but it's not the point of the piece)
Bullying
Stimming
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony does not like Flash
Understandably
Bisexual Peter Parker
Fat Shaming
(Flash makes a fat shaming comment but it's not the point of the piece)
Flash is a douche waffle
Flash makes a comment implying Peter used sexual favors to gain clearance
he is very wrong
I'm not sure if I need to tag the rude comments he makes
but better safe than sorry
seriously though
each of those things is a single sentence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

