Chapter 1: The Good Ones Go If You Wait Too Long
    


Notes:
Quote by Drake.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
2008 – Iron Man.2009.
“Sir, if the palladium keeps hitting your bloodstream…”
“It won’t be good, I know.”
“I believe the word is: understatement.”
Even through the headache and hazy vision, Tony couldn’t help the smile at JARVIS’ sass.With another grimace, Tony rubbed his throbbing temples. The pain in his muscles (aside from his brain), the memory loss, confusion and depression were symptoms that were a little harder to hide than the insomnia, heart palpitations and difficulty in breathing. Despite their long time joking about the fact that Tony couldn’t even remember his social security number, Rhodey, Pepper and Happy knew that he had eidetic memory, it was impossible for him to forget once he read it.He was not looking forward for the face paralysis or the kidney and liver diseases.Sooner or later, they were bound to find out.The memory of the first time he got drunk at 14 and college freshman and Jarvis forced him to tell his mom surfaced, “I believe your mother would rather hear it from you than from third parties.”And it’s not that Tony disagreed, it just has been a very long time since he had to justify himself to anyone that actually cared about him.The few family members he had left either hated his guts (his cousin) or were perfectly content to live up to the eccentric uncle role (his uncle… obviously).Tony had no reference if it was preferable to rip the Band-Aid off and tell his friends when all was done and over with (meaning him dead or cured)… or months of agonizing discussions and, as well meaning as it would be, hovering.
“Sir, Ms. Potts is asking for permission to enter.”
Their awkward back and forth since Iron Man was still full force and Tony just…he would have said something months earlier if it wasn’t for whole, ‘the one thing keeping him alive was also killing him’ thingy.“Let her in, Jay.”The sound of Pepper’s killer heels shouldn’t be so comforting and nervous-inducing at the same time.“Tony, PR contacted me about some projects that could potentially boost SI’s image now that our stocks recovered from last year.”“Lay it on me.” He put his screwdriver aside.“JARVIS, can you open the file on Stark Expo?”At her words, Tony frowned, “That relic? There hasn’t been one since Howard was still around.”“And the schematics haven’t changed since 1973, yes. But next year SI will be completing seventy years as a company and PR wants to do something to celebrate it at the same time that it could take attention off of Iron Man and back to the tech we are developing.”“And they think that the Expo is the answer to it?”“With a few twists, like inviting a few prospective scientists with promising projects and presenting them as well, friendly or even rival companies would have the chance to show off their work. But to show our long tradition as company not just as a weapons manufacturers, PR thinks that using the last model at least as a basis would be the way to go, especially since it seems to have sentimental value for Howard Stark since he didn’t change it once in almost two decades.” She motioned to the model on holo-screen.The last time Howard changed a single building was indeed in 1973 and Tony could still recall how… defensive he would get if anyone suggested a single change in the subsequent years.Then 1991 came and Tony just couldn’t be bothered with something that honestly, in the big scheme of things, just wasn’t bringing anything to SI as a whole besides good PR… as it was being suggested again.Tony couldn’t even understand why Howard insisted on doing it every couple of years, why he was so mad at a four year old Tony just because he took one of the buildings. He didn’t damage it and Howard knew that Tony was careful, that was already after he build that first circuit board and yet that thing seemed to be worth mountain of diamonds for Howard…Pepper was still talking but Tony wasn’t paying attention anymore, her voice, usually calm and low was background noise.Unknown to Tony himself, his head tilted and his eyes narrowed, the expression on his face made Pepper pause and stare back in concern.The buildings…“Jay, put it upright.”The hologram changed and the model was facing him like a giant TV screen.Tony rolled his chair closer, forcing Pepper to take a step back, “What does it look like to you, Jarvis? Not unlike an atom,” He manipulated motioned to the globe right in the middle, “in which case the nucleus would be here.” The inventor pointed, “Highlight the unisphere.” He enlarged the Earth model, “Lose the footpaths. Get rid of them.” With a wave of his hand, the model was a little clearer.“What is it that you’re trying to achieve, sir?” a little behind Tony, it was clear that it was a question Pepper wanted an answer to as well.“I’m discovering…uh, correction, I’m re-discovering a new element… I believe. Lose the land
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
not SHIELD friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Iron Man 2 Compliant
Civil War Team Iron Man
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Not Wanda Friendly
5+1 Things
Not Steve Friendly
Vision becomes J.A.R.V.I.S again
Let’s make this a tag

fandom: 
None
