Work Text:

Tony was sitting on the couch, tapping away at schematics for a new version of the armor, when Romanoff practically threw a gun at him. He startled, armor immediately encasing his hand in a gauntlet, which he pointed at her.

 

“Calm down,” she said, rolling her eyes. “My gun keeps jamming. I need you to fix it.”

 

Tony tossed the gun onto the table in front of him. “So?” he asked. “Call the UN, they provide your weapons.”

 

“They did a shitty job last time,” Romanoff practically growled. “So fix it. I can’t go on the field with malfunctioning tech.”

 

“Okay,” Tony said amiably. “For the consult alone, you’ll owe me a couple thousand. The cost of the parts is really negligible compared to that, so I’ll waive it. The actual fixing, well, it’ll be expensive. I can have Pepper draw you up an estimate and a contract, if you’d like?”

 

“Stop being petty,” she spat. “You don’t need the money, you just won’t let go of your ego and realize that maintenance is what you’re good for.” 

 

Tony stared at her. “So, should I pencil you into the schedule?”

 

Romanoff shot him a death glare and stormed off. 

 

“Hey!” he called after her. “You forgot your gun!”

 

---

 

Tony was alone, Stephen having left earlier in the day to deal with magic stuff. He was sitting in his office working on papers for Pepper when a knock at the door startled him.

 

“Come in!” he called. 

 

“Stark,” Wilson greeted, dropping his Falcon wings on Tony’s desk. “Something’s off with them, I need you to fix them.”

 

“No can do,” Tony said, not even looking up from where he was working. “I don’t do upgrades for you guys.”

 

“Damn, Stark,” Wilson gave him a disappointed look. “I mean, how petty can you get? Its about our safety on the field, our 

lives

. What the hell, man?”

 

Tony just shrugged. “There are some perfectly competent engineers that work for the UN, Wilson. Call one of them.”

 

“Yeah, but they’re not you. You’re leagues above them, why won’t you just fix my wings?” Wilson groaned dramatically.

 

“

Leagues above them

? Flattery will get you nowhere,” Tony said dryly. “I run a multi-billion dollar company in addition to my work as part of the Avengers. I simply have no time to fix your equipment. Call the UN.” With that, Tony stood up and walked away, Wilson fuming behind him.

 

---

 

After a mission, Tony usually had a cup (or ten) of coffee before going to the lab for repairs. With Stephen around, sometimes Tony stayed for a meal, but normally he went to the lab. Tony was in the kitchen making coffee when Barton angrily walked in.


“These new arrows are shit, Stark,” Barton announced, tossing a quiver at Tony, who neatly sidestepped. 

 

“And you’re telling me this why?” Tony replied, pouring himself a mug of coffee.

 

“So you can do better,” Barton sneered. “Don’t you like constructive criticism?”

 

“One, nothing you say can be construed as constructive,” Tony said dryly. “Two, I didn’t make those arrows, so your criticism is misplaced.”

 

Barton gaped in shock. “You’re the reason my arrows don't work right?” he demanded.

 

“Just because I spoiled you with custom arrows, designed with your specifications in mind, at one point doesn’t mean the standard ones don’t work right,” Tony deadpanned. “Besides, its insulting to every engineer who consulted on your project, of which I am not one, to say that your 

perfectly functional arrows 

don’t work right.”

 

“This is a new level of petty,” Clint cursed.

 

Tony raised an eyebrow and took a long sip of his coffee. Barton sent him one more long curse before stomping out.

 

“Language!” Tony called cheerfully.

 

---

 

This time, Tony was just in the hallway, walking to the training rooms. He had made some upgrades to the suit and wanted to test them, but Maximoff stopped him. 


“Make me new body armor,” Wanda said, using her powers to throw a damaged garment at Tony.

 

“No,” Tony replied, staring her down.

 

Red gathered at her fingertips like she was going to attack. “Why not?” she said, sounding like a child throwing a tantrum (if the child was armed with a dangerous weapon and was slightly sadistic, that it). 

 

“Not my job,” Tony replied curtly. Even though he knew she couldn’t hurt him, not through Stephen’s wards, the red magic triggered painful flashbacks. He tried to leave, but she blocked him.

 

“It’s the least you can do,” she spat at him. “You killed my family and tore apart the Avengers.”

 

“And giving you body armor would fix that?” Tony quipped. “Wow, it’s almost like you think I’m stupid. I said no, Maximoff. Now, back off.”

 

“Or what?” Wanda grinned evilly.

 

“We’ll see how good that body armor is against repulsors,” Tony replied casually. His eyes hardened, showing that he was absolutely ready and able to blast her.

 

She moved only when he powered up his gauntlet, muttering something about 

murderers 

and 

buying a conscience

. (Tony didn’t particularly care 

what

 she said, as long as
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Sam friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark-centric
Protective Stephen Strange
equipment
funding
avengers need a new sugar daddy
because tony stark isnt taking their shit
mature tony stark
well thats an unused tag
IronStrange
Sassy Stephen Strange

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

