Chapter 1: escape
    


Notes:
trigger warning: mentions of self-harm

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 Why won't Happy just pick up? I know I'm a nuisance and he doesn't like me and I'm annoying and obnoxious but I really need him right now. Please, please pick up. 
 I am stupid. That is not a thought or a feeling but a fact. We had a stupid depression test in health and I even lied on it but my counselor still had a meeting with me about my mental health. He just asked so many questions and I was terrified and I didn't know what to do and I just  couldn't lie. And then he found out that I cut and now he's going to call May and she's going to cry. I can't handle it when she cries. She's going to be so disappointed and she's going to blame herself and wonder what she did wrong. I had to actively hold my tears back when I saw that Happy read my texts and didn't respond. I know I'm not supposed to go Upstate today but maybe if I can just go there for a little bit and prepare myself it'll be easier. 
 He's not coming. If I wasn't such a burden to him before maybe he would have helped me now. Maybe he would come pick me up and everything would be okay. But everything's not okay because I ruined everything. I should have lied more. I shouldn't have talked to my counselor. This. Shouldn't. Be. Happening. 
 
 But it is. And it's my fault. 
 The bell rang. I can't text him again until the day is over. Until I have to go back to the apartment. … 
To Happy from Peter: 

Happy, please pick me up. I know I'm a pain and I'm annoying you but I really need to be picked up. Please?
 He read it. And he didn't respond. 
 I could just leave now. Just go and no one would need to know. I could be free. This is my chance. This is it. I can go. 
 
To Peter from May:

Peter, come home. We need to talk.
 I started to walk to the apartment. But I knew I would regret it. … When I opened the door, she just stood there, not looking at me, not saying anything. I didn’t dare to say a word, wishing that this would all go away, regretting coming here. “We need to talk,” her voice just sounded sad when she finally broke the silence. She walked to my room, but didn’t enter. I followed her and went in, I sat on my bed. She followed suit, sitting right in front of me. I couldn’t help feeling blocked in. “I got a call from your counselor,” she started, looking at me with those same eyes she had the day Uncle Ben died. “What did they tell you?”  How much do you know?  “He told me about the depression test…” she took a breath, “and that he asked you if you have ever self-harmed. He told me what you said.” A numbness consumed me. Maybe it’s better that way. I can’t get hurt if I can’t feel. “Did I cause this?” She looked me in the eye, I quickly averted my eyes. “I-it’s just that-I-well-” I didn’t get to even finish a thought. “So it’s my fault,” it wasn’t a question. A tear fell from her eye. “Peter, you broke my trust,”  What? “And you hurt me, you need to ask me for forgiveness.” I was wrong, even when you’re numb you can get hurt, you bleed and then you bleed out and you get to die. You just get all the pain amplified after the numbness fades off. 
 What? Why on earth would I apologize to her? How can this seem right to her? 
 “I’m sorry,” I tried with all my might to not let my seething anger into my voice. “I forgive you,” there was no emotion in her voice. “How did you do it?” 
 I shouldn’t have come here. 
 “A blade...from a pencil sharpener,” I whispered. I don’t know if I’d rather cry or scream, but one thing I know is that I have to  get out . But she’s blocking the way. I can’t escape. “Give it to me,” she ordered. Knowing there was no other option, I got up and got my little box in the back of my dresser drawer. The only thing in it was the blade. “I don’t even know how you got that idea,” I heard her whisper. “You’re not allowed to have hand sharpeners anymore. If you need to sharpen a pencil you’ll use an electric one.” When I sat back down on the bed, she took my blade and put it in her pocket.  There’s other ways I can do it. That’s what I didn’t say. “I also scratched myself…” I honestly don’t know why I told her that. “You have to keep your nails short from now on,” she responded immediately, staring at my hands. “Did you do it on your arms?” “Sorta,” I mumbled, barley understandably. She roughly grabbed my arm and pulled up my sleeve. She inspected it, luckily those scars have faded more than the others. “Where else did you do it?” She was still holding my arm too tightly. I wanted nothing more than to rip my arm away from her and run away. I answered honestly, knowing there was no way out of it, “Mostly my thigh.” “Take your clothes off,” she demanded, standing up. 
 What? No. You can’t make me show you my body, you can’t, you can’t do that! 
 “Come on, Peter,” she held no room for anything other than unquestioning obedience. I slowly stood up, I looked at her once, just
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker and Tony Stark
Peter Parker and may Parker
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Iron Dad and Spidey-Son
Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
pepperony
Stucky
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Lila Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt and comfort
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Self-Harm
Angst
Crying
Depression
Hugs
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Dissociation
venting
I tag as I go
Protective Tony Stark
Tony is practically a dad
Wanda and Peter are besties
Sam is the best therapist
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
eating issues
Suicidal Peter
Nightmares
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers is an artist
Drawing
Protective Bucky Barnes
Minor Stucky
Custody
Tony is a fixer
Bucky is the best
(Characters listed are not in order of relevance)
Therapy
Emptiness
Numbness
Wedding Planning
Wedding
groomsmen
road to recovery
Recovery is a long process
Peter is trying his best
Peter Parker does art
Pepper Potts is a great mom
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Clint Barton's Farm
Relapse
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Awesome Clint Barton
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton is a Good Dad
My writing improves as the story goes on
hopefully
Mental Health Issues
Pepperony - Freeform
Tony Stark Cuddles
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Dark May Parker (Spider-Man)
Out of Character May Parker (Spider-Man)
Abusive May Parker (Spider-Man)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Art
Peter Parker draws
Bachelor Party
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Social Anxiety
Weddings
Wedding Fluff
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Feels
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Angst
Soft Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker and Tony Stark
Peter Parker and may Parker
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Iron Dad and Spidey-Son
Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
pepperony
Stucky
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Lila Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

