Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Tony received a distress call from Peter's suit, he dropped everything and ran out of his lab before FRIDAY could even finish her sentence. He was already calling the suit, ignoring the questions from Rhodey as he shot through the living room and out to the balcony. His suit was already connecting to him, Tony using his jets to rocket away from the Compound while he spoke to his AI all at the same time.“FRIDAY, track Peter's suit and call him.” Tony snapped, trying to keep his composure as he flew in the direction of Queens.A few seconds later, a map popped up in front of his eyes on his HUD, showing directions of where Peter was located. Tony began to head in the direction of the blinking red blip, flying over the trees as FRIDAY attempted to call Karen. Karen answered, of course, but refused to put Peter on the line, or more so, Peter refused to be put on the line.Tony was rather appalled that an AI he had created was disobeying him, but he knew that was Peter's doing. Of course that kid would corrupt his mentor’s suit. He would have a few words to say about that when he gets to Peter’s location, but after he found out he was okay.With an annoyed sigh, he put all the power into his jets as he got closer and closer to Queens. The pulsing red dot that was Peter Parker got closer and closer, the possibilities of what was wrong with the kid circulating through his mind like wildfire.Had he been hurt? Had he been shot? Was he sick? Had someone figured out his identity? The possibilities were endless. Whatever annoyance he had felt began to trickle away, and all that was left was concern. The dot hadn't moved from its spot, indicating that the kid hadn't moved an inch from his original position.The fact that the kid hadn’t moved made Tony even more worried. There could be several reasons why the kid hadn’t moved, all of them which he didn’t like. The most terrifying one, of course, was the possibility that the kid was dead.“Karen, is Peter dead?” Tony voiced his thoughts, dread filling his stomach at the same time.“No, Boss.” Relief replaced the dread his system instantly. “I see no sign of injury, all his vitals seem to be normal. Though I recommend you hurry, I’m not sure if you will want to hear this through me and not Peter himself. He is being very persistent in not putting you through, and even I am no longer sure of what is going on. This is not in my programming. I am unsure how to proceed with this situation.”Karen’s ominous words just made the dread flood back into his system. No, Peter wasn’t dead, but the AI was implying that he could be injured and something terrible had happened. What was even worse, was that Karen didn’t know what was wrong with him when Tony had created her to alert him of any possible situation that could occur.God, Peter’s Aunt was going murder Tony if he was injured.Finally, after another ten minutes of flying through the air at alarming speeds, he was finally close to the blinking red blip. He was brought to a shady looking alleyway, the dread becoming ice cold in his veins as he landed on the concrete with a heavy thud. He didn't leave his suit, scanning the area for Peter as well as any possible threats. He didn't see anything at first, and had been getting ready to turn around and examine the area behind him when he saw it.Tony had to do a double take when he saw it. Wait, not it, a child.There was a child sitting in the far end of the alleyway, his small frame visible in the shadows. He couldn't be more than two years old, the small body curled up on its side in Tony's direction.He couldn't really see the kid's face from where he was standing, so instead Tony glanced to the red, blinking dot. The red dot was flashing just a few feat in front of him, which couldn't be possible since there was no sign of the Spider-Man suit or Peter himself. Had whoever had hurt him ditched the suit somehow?No, that couldn’t be it. Karen would have alerted him if something like that had happened.Forcing his worries away for the moment, Tony edged closer to the child and tried to be least intimidating as he could be. He didn't take the suit off just yet, knowing there could be a threat just around the corner. Knowing Tony's amazing luck with situations, someone could have set this up as a trap and Peter was long gone.Instead of letting the panic consume him too quickly, Tony looked over the child through his helmet as he got closer. From the light of the arc reactor in his suit, along with the repulsers and the closer proximity to the child, he could now see what they were wearing.Tony almost choked on his tongue when he noticed the kid was in fact wearing a Spider-Man suit, mask off and big eyes staring up at him.It was a little boy.The suit suspiciously looked like a smaller version of the one Tony had created, his eyes becoming wide as everything began to come together in his head. The more he thought about it, the more ridiculous it sounded.There was no c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
No Infinity War
Kid Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Father-Son Relationship
Bodily Fluids
Diapers
Pacifiers
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
eventually
Crying
Cute
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Panic
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Toddlers
Poor Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Peter Parker
Swearing
Slight Civil War Angst
Wetting
Parent Tony Stark
Temper Tantrums
Nightmares
Fear of Flying
Airplanes
Day At The Beach
Vomiting
Medical Inaccuracies
Sick Character
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Sort Of
not team Cap friendly
Separation Anxiety
Clint Barton Has Issues
Guilt
Angst
Stuffed Toys
POV Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

