Chapter 1: All Yours (smut, fluff)
    




Chapter Text
You are the biggest flirt when you’ve had a couple drinks, and that’s just what you’ve had. You are at the bar, sitting on Thor’s lap and arm wrestling with Steve, while Sam watches, bemused.
“Remember, if I win,” Steve says, “you owe me a kiss.”
“And if I win,” you say, “you have to kiss Sam.”
“Hey!” Sam says. “I didn’t agree to this!”
Thor laughs, and you bounce on his knee, causing your elbow to slide on the bar. Steve takes advantage of this and slams your hand down.
“I win!” Steve stands up and leans in. “Time for that kiss.”
“Not fair,” you say. “Thor made me to lose my balance.”
“What’s not fair?” It is at that moment that Bucky Barnes walks in the door, and all three of you look at him. He is smiling, but the smile doesn’t quite reach his eyes. You slide off Thor’s lap and rush to Bucky. You throw your arms around his neck and kiss him on the lips. You’ve been seeing each other for a couple months, so it is very strange that he gently pushes you away from him.
“What’s not fair?” He looks directly in your eyes.
“I lost in arm wrestling to Steve because Thor made my elbow slip,” you say.
“What were the stakes?” Bucky asks.
You laugh. “I was supposed to kiss Steve if I lost. He was supposed to kiss Sam if I won.”
“Obviously, I wouldn’t make her kiss me,” Steve says. “She’s your girl.”
“Oh, is she?” Bucky asks. “I’m not so sure.”
“Aw, Buck,” you say. “It was just a joke.”
“I think I’m ready to go,” Bucky says.
“But you only just arrived,” Thor says. “Stay for a drink.”
“Thanks, but I’ll pass this time,” Bucky says. “I think you should come with me.” Bucky gives you another look.
“Okay, Buck,” you say. You turn to Sam, Thor, and Steve at the bar. “By, fellas! Rematch next time I see you.” You jabbed a finger at Steve.
With that, Bucky is whisking you out the door out onto the sidewalk. He has both hands on your shoulders as he walks beside you and leads you around the corner to a little alley between two buildings where the light from the street lamps doesn’t quite reach.
“What was that all about?” He pushes you up against the brick wall.
“I don’t know.” You avert your eyes from his. “I’ve had a couple drinks, and we were just having fun. That’s all.”
“It looked like a little too much fun.”
“You and I never actually said…” You trailed off. “It’s not like I’m your girlfriend.”
“Oh, you’re not?” Bucky reaches between your legs, hitching up the fabric of your dress. You go to pull down your dress, but Bucky grabs your hands and pins you by the wrists to the wall with his metal hand. With his other hand, he reaches under your dress again. He pushes aside your panties and rubs his fingers in circles between your legs. You start to cry out in shock, but he puts his mouth on yours. He kisses you hard, and you kiss him back hard. You open your mouth ever so slightly, and he plunges in his tongue, brushing it against yours as you brush back against his. He continues to rub your clit in circles, until you break the kiss, so you can pant heavily into his shoulder.
“You were a bad girl tonight,” he says softly in your ear. “Let’s go back to your place so I can punish you properly.”
“Okay.” You quickly dig in your purse for your phone and open the ride share app. Your hands are shaking as you try to tap the screen.
—-
“Take off your clothes.” He sits down in the chair in the corner of the bedroom and crosses his legs.
You don’t hesitate. “Yes,” you say. Your dress falls in a pool around your ankles.
“Yes, what?” he asks.
“Yes, Sir.” You unclasp your bra and let it fall to the floor on your dress. Last, you hitch your underwear down your legs, leaving yourself completely naked before Bucky’s unwavering gaze.
“Good girl,” he says, uncrossing his legs. “Now come here and suck my cock.”
“Yes, Sir.” You walk across the room to him and kneel between his legs. You carefully unbuckle his belt and gently unzip his pants. Your hand brushes his cock, and he jerks back. He must be very sensitive. You can see the outline of his erection beneath his underwear. You rub your hand up and down the length of his cock, and he closes his eyes and bites his lip. Slowly, you pull down the elastic waist of his underwear, and his cock springs up in your face. You grip it with one hand, and your fingers barely wrap all the way around its girth. You begin stroking up and down the shaft with one hand, while tenderly massaging the head with the other.
“That’s a good girl,” Bucky says. “Now, I want to feel your hot little mouth wrap around my cock.”
Grasping his cock at the base with both hands, you lower your head and take the tip in your mouth. You swirl your tongue around the head and lick up and down the shaft in long, slow swipes.
Bucky groans softly. “You’re so good with that tongue.”
You lick up and down the shaft a couple more times before plunging his cock in your mouth, about halfway down, which is all you can fit. You bob your head and moan. Bucky grips your hair in a fist.
“Look 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Light Dom/sub
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fingerfucking
Creampie
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Daddy Kink
Shameless Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Comfort
Attempted Assault
like five seconds of knife play
Reader-Insert

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

