Chapter 1: And So It Begins...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He sat on the right side of the auditorium. The view was horrible and he had to scoot up to the very edge of his seat for a chance to see just something. Anything at all. He peeked through the gap between two giant seniors right in front of him.
"Do you think it's only her or is Tony Stark gonna show up too?" Ned didn't so much whisper as shout into his ear to be heard over the sound system.
Just a second later something hit him in the head. Urgh. It didn't hurt all that much, probably just the school paper, but this was uncalled for. He turned and scowled into the row behind him, trying to figure out which asshole had made his head ring. That just earned him another swat with the paper.
"Hey!" he hissed but sobered immediately as he looked into MJ's emotionless face. "I didn't even..." Another swat.
"URGH!" he turned back around. Focus. Pepper Potts was right down there, speaking on the importance of STEM education in furthering social mobility and he'd actually wanted to listen to this. Stark Industries wanted to assist schools to put more of a focus on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics. That would make them one of the leading supporters of public schools in the industry.
"In addition to the financial support, Stark Industries will be offering new and advanced equipment to the schools that are willing to expand their STEM courses."
Holy shit... Peter could already picture the state of the art laboratories they could install in the school and the things he could work on there. A whole new set of possibilities would open up to him with access to that kind of technology. But Ms. Potts wasn't done.
"We will be offering individual internships to the brightest and most striving students among you. There is no set limit to the number of interns we will accept."
A murmur went through the students. An internship with SI would pimp anyone's college application. And knowing Tony Stark, there might even be some money in it. He was notorious about despising unpaid work. Even with those giants in front of him, Peter could sense Ms. Potts smirking. Could be that her reaction was simply that obvious, even from his vantage point. More likely, it was his Spidey-senses picking up her expression from this far off. 
"Let me add though, that Tony Stark will personally be approving interns that his team wants to take on." She laughed at the sudden silence that fell in the room. "Yeah, you better make those applications count."
He sighed. Dang. Those internships sounded like a sweet, sweet deal. But he couldn't risk to bring his Spidey skillz anywhere near Stark Industries. Someone there might figure out that he... Nope. Was not gonna happen.
After a short goodbye, Ms. Potts left the stage. Peter jumped up immediately, bit a short "Bye!" to Ned and literally ran for the door. He had left his web fluid in the lab when they were hoarded out of their classes for the "special presentation".  That had been a close call. He definitely had to retrieve the evidence and his equipment. Luckily, his had been one of the last classes that had been lead into the auditorium. Sure, sitting this far in the back of the room had sucked, but at least it left him with the possibility of a quick exit.
The lab was on the other side of the building. He wasn't really supposed to be going towards the labs at this time of day. Getting caught and thrown out by some wandering teacher would have been incredibly inconvenient so he hurried along as quietly as possible. Classes were dismissed for the day and most of the students were on their way to the main entrance on the opposite side of the building. All in all, he was unlikely to be seen, but Peter was always on the lookout.
Once he got to the room, he grabbed his stuff, fastened the web shooters and with nobody around on this side of the school he simply slipped out of the window on the second floor. Jumping the southern wall on that very side of the school was the fastest way to get home. He would avoid having to walk all the way back to the main entrance, possibly running into Flash on the way, and he didn't have to circle back around half the school building to get to the street leading home. Really a win-win in every way.
The tricky part was getting over the southern wall without being seen. He groaned because he was an idiot. The mask was back at home with his suit. He had left it there on purpose trying to discourage himself from too much Spider-Man-ing too close to the school, where people could identify him. It had seemed like a great idea at the time. Of course, the irony of him being far more likely to be recognized shooting webs and jumping walls in plain daylight right at the edge of his school without his mask, struck him with the force of a cartoon anvil now.
Whatever. He quickly shot a glance over his shoulder. He was not gonna walk all the way back aro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Tony-centric
Parent Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
AU
Fix-It of Sorts
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Sort of Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Pepper Potts
Irondad
Hurt Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Panic Attacks
Anxiety Attacks
Protective Tony Stark
Pepperony - Freeform
spiderson
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Slow Burn
Canon-Typical Violence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Angst
Tony Stark Feels
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Long
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

