Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"You doubt my loyalty?""That's a great question, Adrian..." Tony taps his lips with two fingers and takes a step further into the kitchen.The man was cooking when they came. This house smells of food, a nice and warm dinner that Adrian won't get a chance to enjoy. He didn't expect a visit from them, Tony's almost sure of it. Adrian would have no reason for it. This doesn't happen often that Tony Stark himself, comes for a little chit-chat. If Adrian knew, he'd have prepared. He would do something..."You keep looking at Natasha's gun every few seconds. You tense when I step closer and even though you are doing your best to hide how much you're trying to play this cool, your continuous denying simply shows me that you are, in fact, unaware of us already having the proof."Tony stops in front of the kitchen island that is the only thing standing between him and Adrian. The man can't help it. Although he raises his chin confidently, the nervous gulp is almost audible and his eyes dart to Natasha's holster belt. Even though this was a rather interesting exchange and Tony wouldn't mind playing along for a little longer, he has many other pressing matters to deal with tonight. A sheep that's walked astray from its flock is certainly not at the top of his priorities. "You can quit the bullshitting now," Tony's face hardens as he gives Adrian one piercing look. "I know you've been to Hydra Corp."It’s just a few simple words, really. However, it has the exact desired effect and he can almost see Adrian's facade crumble into pieces. It's impressive how he's trying to save some dignity, standing confident and although surely shivering inside, he shows none of it. Tony, however, wouldn't expect any less from Adrian Toomes. This one won't go down begging for mercy. He won't offer him a deal and he won't even deny it. There is no point in such a thing, the game is over. Tony's not lying and he's not bluffing. They both know it.And they both know who the winner is.They're both aware of the truth and Adrian is not someone who would insult Tony's intelligence by trying to lie even after being exposed. The heavy tension disappears in a fog that falls onto the tile floor. Everything’s suddenly so crystal clear. Adrian doesn't even try to run. He doesn't try to fight. All three of them are aware that Natasha's bullet will end up in his skull tonight and yet, everything's almost too calm. Adrian's eyes dart to the digital clock of the stove. It's still on, the water slowly boiling."Expecting someone?" Tony raises an eyebrow. Immediately, he has Adrian's full attention and the man shakes his head. Perhaps he was just wondering what the time of his death is going to be. Curiosity gets the better of Tony and he looks at the silver watch wrapped around his wrist. It's 8:10 pm."Very well..." Tony says eventually and fixes the white scarf hanging from his shoulders, taking a step back. Natasha moves from the darker corner of the room to finally draw her gun and aim at Adrian. His eyes dart to the clock once again and Tony raises his hand to stop her."Before we get carried away though," He gives her a look and she lowers her gun, "I'd like to know why you'd sell to them. Why would you want to make new friends, Adrian?"Tony meets his eyes and for the first time, the man seems truly relaxed. He chuckles with a smirk plastered on his face that's almost shocking, given the circumstances."You know me, Tony. I'm a greedy man."Tony does know. The corner of his lips tug up in a similar smirk as he nods but with far less joy. He can understand that part. After all, it's a trait they both share. It's the trait that has made Toomes one of his best men. But there's one minor difference, one little trait that obviously isn't mutual. A sense of family."Naturally," Tony nods and Natasha steps forward to raise her gun in one swift motion but she's forced to pull it back just as fast. The unexpected sound of the front door opening draws the attention of each one of them. Was Adrian expecting someone after all?"Sorry I'm late! I just... Well, MJ said we still had time and I said there's no other train coming in twenty minutes but she said-"It's a boy. In Tony's eyes, just a puppy, really. And he's just as unexpected as Tony and Natasha seem to be unexpected for him – judging by the way he freezes in his tracks the second he walks into the kitchen. The schoolbag still hangs from his forearm, yellow jacket with the logo and name of his school taken off halfway. Eyes wide and brown and hair messy, wet with fresh snow. The color of the boy's face says he's been running to catch the train and there's only one question playing on repeat in Tony's mind. Who, the hell, is this kid?"D-didn't know we were having guests... Are they your friends?" He asks Tooms casually and before Tony manages to come up with some sort of conclusion, the boy's shaking Natasha's hand. He's overflowing with politeness."Nice to meet you, Natalia. Cool name, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
alternative universe
Alternate Universe - Mob
Mafia Boss!Tony
Slow Burn
Age Difference
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Consensual Underage Sex
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Domestic Violence
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Angst with a Happy Ending
Daddy Issues
Dark!Tony
he's mob boss what did i expect
handjobs
Guilt
Mirror Sex
Pet Names
Praise Kink
Come Eating
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Past Relationship(s)
Rimming
sugar daddy undertones
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

