Chapter 1



Notes:
The first chapter is a mess, I'll admit that. First chapters for me always come out slightly messy but hopefully it turns out into something better :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
So this was considered as Odin's mercy was it?Loki looked around bitterly at the cold and bleak expanse of Jotunheim where the Allfather, in his so called mercy, has deemed Loki is to spend the rest of his days until he repented.Might as well be for life.The Allfather had emphasized that once Loki was truly repentant of all his actions and learned some humility he would be welcomed back to Asgard with open arms by his family.Lies.All of it.Loki had never been welcomed on Asgard, even back when it was believed by all that he was a prince of Asgard and the second son of Odin and Frigga. And he had no family to welcome back. Odin was never his father but the man who took a seemingly abandoned infant, considered a runt by other Frost Giants, to serve his own political purposes. Whatever those were. Thor, the brutish oaf and crown prince and heir apparent to throne, was never his brother. And Frigga was never...No.No matter how angry and betrayed Loki felt once he learned the truth of his heritage he could never be angry with her. Or hate her. No matter what Frigga was still his mother. But even she wasn't enough of a motive for Loki to want to return to Asgard.Loki looked around his surroundings, still able to see signs of the destruction he himself had committed when he had opened the Bifrost in hopes of destroying this monstrous race.No doubt they hated him here. The runt son of King Laufey. Left to die only to be taken in as the second son of Odin, their greatest enemy, and attempting to wipe them all out. Perhaps they'll want to kill Loki. Surely that's what Odin meant to happen to him when he seen him here. He would never execute Loki himself and risk angering Frigga, for if anyone where to mourn him it'll be his mother. "Well," Loki said out loud to himself,  wanting to be heard over the strong winds that were gathering around him, "perhaps that wouldn't be such a terrible outcome."□■□■
Two years later
 Once the Bifrost had deposited the large group off on Jotunheim Thor couldn't help the twist of guilt and regret in his stomach. If he hadn't marched into Jotunheim all those years ago, wanting to start a war, his brother would still be by his side and he wouldn't have fallen into a deep pit of darkness. Loki never would have learned, in such a surprising way, that not only was he adopted but a Frost Giant himself who had been cruelly abandoned. Loki never would have doubted his place in their family, or their love, and try to win their father's acceptance by seeking to destroy the world that had turned it's back on him. Loki never would have let go only to end up on Midgard and seek to rule the inhabitants with force only to be brought back to Asgard and banished to Jotunheim where he was lost to Thor.His father had told him he was not allowed to contact Loki or try to sneak him out of Jotunheim. That Loki had a lesson to learn and perhaps the only way he would learn it was to see that Frost Giants, and himself, were not the monsters Loki believed them to be or that Asgardians believed and were taught.Perhaps they never should have been taught that in the first place, Thor thought to himself as he looked around to the Avengers. He, Sif, and the Warriors Three had already traveled to Jotunheim before so they were all prepared for the cold and dressed for it. Though Thor doubt his friends from Earth truly believed him when he had warned them just how cold it would be and found himself amused when he noticed Tony and Clint shivering from the cold."You were both warned." Thor reminded them both before he set off, leading towards where he hoped they would find his brother. Heimdall had assured him that Loki was still very much alive, he just couldn't see him. It was disconcerting. Either Loki was being kept where even Heimdall could not see him or he was too angry at their father to let himself be seen, even if he was in danger and needed help. Surely Loki didn't think that he had been completely abandoned and that their father wouldn't send help should Loki be in danger. And even if he did think that he should at least believe that Thor would come to his aid."Is it always this cold?" Tony grumbled loudly as they all followed Thor."We did warn you when we fetched you all from Midgard to dress for the cold." The woman who had introduced herself as Lady Sif turned to scowl at Tony who did his best to keep a straight face when all he wanted to do was mock her. But he knew better then to annoy a warrior like her. It was clear that she was taking this whole thing serious."No one said this cold," Clint pointed out, he was only wearing a somewhat thick jacket but it was clearly not enough. "How could is this place anyways?""Colder then that area you call Antarcti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thrym (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Laufey & Loki (Marvel)
Helblindi & Loki (Marvel)
Byleistr & Loki (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Mpreg
Hurt/Comfort
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Overprotective Brothers
Overprotective Father
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Jealous Thor (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Brotherly Affection
Challenge Response
Loki (Marvel)'s Punishments
Good Loki (Marvel)
Tension
Sexual Tension
Enemies to Friends
Enemies to Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thrym (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Laufey & Loki (Marvel)
Helblindi & Loki (Marvel)
Byleistr & Loki (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)

