Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“--you not to try to jack that car, man.  I told you!  Now what are we going to do, huh? What’s your brilliant plan now?” someone said in a loud, agitated voice somewhere to Tony’s left as he slowly worked his way back to consciousness.Tony kept his head down and eyes closed, the same position he’d woken in, though the world seemed determined to tilt anyway. Behind his lids, bright spots swam in a dark haze.  His stomach roiled, hot and sour, though he managed to breathe in and out long enough for the feeling to dissipate, if not pass.  He carefully tugged at his wrists where they were twisted behind his back and tied to the metal chair rails, testing the bonds.  Zip ties.  Figured. The floor was hard and rough, probably concrete. He could feel it under his shoes. He opened his eyes the barest amount he thought he could get away with, then closed them again.  It was dark.  A single light floated somewhere off to his side, giving off just enough light to make out the two figures where their shadows moved against a large window that had the blinds pulled closed.  The voices echoed a bit, which meant a large space.  The air was cool. Cooler than regular air conditioning would be, and other than the voices, it was quiet except for the rush of air. It smelled, too. Something tinny and metallic under a pungent odor of disinfectant. Well, that certainly wasn’t calming, Tony thought, almost snorting before he caught himself.“We could just let him go.  Say we’re sorry. We--ah, we made a mistake or something, I don’t know,” another voice said, this one a little softer, a bit more hesitant, but pitched high with panic.  Young, Tony thought.  Too young to be caught up in whatever this was, that was for sure. “Let him go?  So he can run back and tell on us?  Oh, so sorry, Cap, we snagged your guy by accident?  Sure, sure, we know about the list, but, you know, my dumbass partner couldn’t resist a fucking Honda, you know how it is. Yeah, that’s going to go over real well. Real well. No way, man. No way,” voice one protested, following it up with a loud scrape, followed by a bang that Tony identified as a chair being kicked across a floor and into something metal. Tony tried to follow the conversation, though his head was still too fuzzy to do much more than piece the jumble of words and sounds together. “We are so screwed,” the older one said with a heavy sigh.“Yeah,” the younger one agreed.  “I’m sorry, Malcolm.  I didn’t mean to get us in trouble.  I thought it’d be easy, you know? I mean, look at him! He doesn’t look like he’d be trouble. How was I supposed to know he’d taze me or whatever the fuck that was?”“You’re sorry? That’s all you’ve got?”  the first voice demanded.  “You’re sorry. Great. Just great. You’re the one who let him get the jump on you, and now, we’re going to end up on some Upper West Side pâté plate, but, hey, no worries, because Dominic is very, very sorry, Cap, can you pretty please just maybe break our knee-caps or something?”List? Cap? What the hell, Tony wondered.  None of this made sense. He licked his lips and blinked his eyes open, darting his gaze around surreptitiously while the two men argued.  An office of some kind, but not the type you’d find in an office building.  More like a warehouse office.  Pâté, blood, disinfectant, cool air...okay, so a meatpacking warehouse.  Tony knew a little something about warehouses, though not quite like this.  Usually if he was tied to a chair in a warehouse office with the blinds closed and lights off, things were going a whole lot better for him, Tony thought, which made him think of Steve, of course.He’d been near Brooklyn, heading to meet up with Steve for lunch, when Frick and Frack there pulled their little scheme to get him to stop long enough to have a gun shoved in his face, so maybe somewhere relatively nearby.  At least that meant that if he could escape, raise attention or get to a phone somehow, help wasn’t too far away.  If he was lucky, he might be able to get out of this before Steve even realized anything other than traffic had gone wrong, but as the time ticked by, he could almost see Steve looking down more and more at his watch, wondering where Tony was, telling himself not to worry, that it was nothing, but starting to panic nonetheless.  Ever since Afghanistan, Steve got a tad touchy about Tony not showing up when he was supposed to, though Tony supposed that was understandable, all things considered.Tony had already noticed that his own phone wasn’t in his pocket any longer, and when he chanced a side-eyed look towards the men, he noticed one of them—the younger one, he thought—had it in his hand and was staring down at the lock screen with a vaguely sick look on his face. Tony and Steve smiled back at the pale-faced man from one of their wedding photos, the one where Steve had just leaned down and whispered something in Tony’s ear about the photographer being more of a drill sergeant than his actual dr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
One Shot Collection
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Mob
but not really
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
POV Steve Rogers
Comic Book Science
Fix-It
Alternate Universe - College/University
Identity Porn
Stonyclunks
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drunk Dialing
Gaslighting
Fanboy Tony
Civil War Fix-It
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Tony
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Clan of the Cave Bear - Freeform
Earth's Children - Freeform
Cavemen
Hurt Steve Rogers
Healer Tony Stark
Language Barrier
Oviposition
Alien Biology
Alien Sex
Alien Cultural Differences
Alien Technology
Alternate Universe - Aliens
Alien/Human Relationships
Alien Abduction
Alien Steve Rogers
Astronauts
Astronaut Tony Stark
Dubious Consent
Fuck Or Die
Magical Healing Cock
Eggs
Emotional Telepathy
Telepathy
Telepathic Bond
Outer Space
Belly Kink
quarantine fic
Coronavirus
college tony stark
drones
Vampire Tony Stark
Vampire Tony
Vampire Sex
Vampires
Blood As Lube
Bloodplay
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Human/Vampire Relationship
Vampire Bites
Protective Tony Stark
Dreamwalking
Warlord steve
Glory Hole
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Safeword Use

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

