Work Text:
Peter was bored as he copied notes into his notebook. His physics teacher was excitedly talking about some field trip that was coming up in a couple of days or something, but Peter didn't pay attention. He counted the seconds until the end of the class to get out of the school and start patrol.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
Suddenly, the teacher was hitting a table with a textbook. "Hey, listen! People in the back!"Peter and some of the students who weren't paying attention before looked at the teacher."As I was saying, we're going on a scientific/entertaining field trip in two days. I need you to take a permission slip-" she waved her hand, holding a stack of slips- "before you leave the classroom. I'm going to collect these slips tomorrow, so make sure you don't forget them. If you do, I'm sorry to say that you won't be able to come with us. Even if you bring them the next day. Understand?"Students nodded and some of them murmured, 'yeah.'The girl sitting in front of Peter, Helen, raised her hand, "Excuse me, miss. Where are we going?"Ms. Roberta's eyes twinkled. "We are going to tour... Stark Industries!"Cheers erupted, the bell rang, and students ran to the door, each of them clutching a permission slip like they're going to die without it.Peter grinned as he followed his classmates. Despite the fact that he went to SI, like, twice a week, he only went up to Tony's personal workshop. And although he's allowed access to every room in the building, he never left Tony's workshop. Because a) DUH! It's the coolest lab/workshop in the entire place, and b) he never had the courage to roam around, taking notes and asking questions (he's a nerd, he knows that's what he'll do), so he never did.He took a permission slip and put it in his backpack. He decided to skip patrol, afraid that he'll somehow lose this backpack too, and went straight home."Hey, May! I'm home," he called as he walked in."Hi, sweetheart," May called from the dining room. "Come see who's here."Intrigued, he headed into the dining room. He was met with a view of Tony, Pepper and May, sitting around the table, having lasagna."Dad, mom! I didn't know you were coming," he said excitedly as he sat next to Tony.Pepper bit her lower lip, something she did whenever he called her 'mom', or Tony said he loved her. "Well, Tony made this surprisingly delicious lasagna, and we had to come share it with you."May passed him a plate as Tony grinned, "Turns out I still remember mom's recipe after all."They all finished their first and second plates is silence, occasionally praising either Tony or his mother."So," Peter said later as he flopped onto the couch, popsicle in one hand and permission slip in another. He passed the slip to May, "I have a field trip on Friday.""Really?" Pepper leaned over May's shoulder as she signed, "Where to?" she added after seeing that the venue wasn't written on the slip."Stark Industries," Peter grinned at her.Pepper smiled. Tony's eyes glowed, but before he could say anything, Pepper glared at him. "Oh, no, you don't. Anthony Edward Stark, you are not going to ruin Peter's tour!""Who said anything about ruining it?!" Tony defended himself. "I just wanted to say, have fun!"Peter laughed as both May and Pepper gave Tony 'now, really?' looks.Tony huffed, "You," he pointed at both women, "Are no fun."Pepper lifted her chin in victory, then she turned to Peter, a sincere look on her face. "Don't worry, honey, I'll personally make sure he stays in his workshop and doesn't come near you.""You can't do that," Tony sang like a five-year-old. "You're going to have to show up for the Q&A since I obviously can't." he added a glare to his wife.Pepper's face fell, and she frowned. "But don't worry," Tony continued. He faced Peter, "I promise you, son, I won't come near the tour. I owe you at least one decent field trip."Nobody commented at the not-so-hidden meaning of that phrase.May smiled, handing Peter the permission slip back. "Now that that's over with, I think you should do your homework. Wouldn't want you to be late for school again, would we?"Peter grinned at his aunt. He kissed hers and Pepper's cheeks before heading to his room, "See you later, guys!"*****"Girls, guys, before we finish, the permission slips!" Ms. Roberta announced fifteen minutes before the bell rang. One by one, students walked up to the teacher and gave her the slips."Noo!" Beth groaned as she dug in her backpack. "I forgot my slip!"Ms. Roberta pulled her lips in a tight line, "I'm really sorry, Beth." She put a hand on her shoulder. "I really want you to come, but you can't.""But why? My mom agreed, you don't need a slip!" Beth wailed. "And even if you really did, I can bring it tomorrow!""I know, Beth, but these are not my rules." Ms. Roberta sighed. "Stark Industries need those slips to print guest passes for you. You aren't allowed inside without them."Beth groaned again. She mumbled something like 'it's unfair' and 'what kind of thing is this', before she 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
How Do I Tag
I don't know
Just read
Edited

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

