Chapter 1: Meant to be Seen, Not Heard
    


Notes:
** Please do not share, repost, translate, or create printed copies of this fic without my express permission.




Chapter Text
                                                                     "Hello." Tony turned towards the voice, a scowl already in place for the stranger who dared to enter his room. Company was not very welcome, not even Rodney, or Steve, and especially not Pepper. But he knew all of their voices by now, and this was not one of the familiar ones. "I told them I didn't want an assistant, so you can fuck right off from—" "I am not your 'assistant'." His scowl eased into a confused frown, and he continued to stare pointlessly at what he assumed, by the deeper voice, was a guy. "Who are you, then?" He asked slowly, keeping his body turned towards him and making sure to remember to blink even behind his dark sunglasses. He had managed to fool people before, he could do it again. "Do you not recognize me? I rather thought I struck a stronger cord than that." Tony turned away again and started picking at the edge of his blanket. So he did know him, then. That wasn't good, it was harder to pretend he was okay with someone he's met before. But, who did he know that spoke in that drawling British accent and supposedly left an impression on him? Someone from the company... no, no one had visited from Stark Industries yet. Not that he expected any of his staff or board members to come see him, they weren't exactly close. Maybe a fellow scientist or engineer? That was even more unlikely, considering that most others in the field hated his guts. Unless... unless this was one of his competitors, here with the intent to kill him or rub his failure in his face. He hoped it was the former. "I don't remember you, and you can leave now." There was a delicate snort, and Tony felt the bed by his legs dip under the stranger's weight. "I find that hard to believe, Stark," the man said, "I rather thought you would give me a much more explosive greeting. I must admit, I am rather disappointed in your lackluster performance." "Oh, i'm sorry, I wasn't aware of your royal status," Tony snapped, turning back to him and furrowing his brows. Shit, he hoped he was at least facing the right direction. "Should I clap? Am I supposed to kneel and kiss your feet?" There was a short, tense silence, but Tony could hear the smirk in the man's voice when he spoke again, "kneeling yes, feet kissing, no." "I'm not kneeling to you, you freak." "Ah, I had forgotten your disinterest in adapting any form of manners." "Unless you're the fucking Queen of England, which I highly doubt, unless she's gone through a sex change and lost a few years, i'm not kneeling to you." "Would you have a drink with me, then?" The voice asked, and Tony forgot to blink. That, was familiar. Those words, that tone, the same inflections even. Why the hell was that familiar? "I'm in a hospital," he replied at last, well aware of how bitter his voice sounded. "I don't think the nurses here are the type to wear skimpy dresses and serve booze." Tony waited, and waited, and waited for a response. At one point, he was convinced the man had somehow snuck out of the room again without him hearing it. So when the voice spoke up again, he jerked in surprise at the sudden sound. "Stark... why are you here?" "Bladder infection," he lied. "Stark." "Yep, not enough cranberries, apparently. I mean, I eat blueberries by the truck load, but that's—" "Why won't you look at me?" The stranger interrupted, causing Tony to choke on his words. He hadn't been facing the right direction after all, what an idiot! He knew his ears weren't good enough for this, too many explosions and too much loud music. At least, according to Pepper. Who was this, anyway? Who the hell supposedly knew him, but didn't have even an inkling of what happened? Anyone of the Avengers, members of SHEILD, hell, even some of the local police force knew what happened. Well, he sure as hell wasn't going to tell him, the British bastard could be one of press for all he knew. "I don't want to see your face,” he quipped lamely, “is that a problem?" "No, that is not it," the voice said, sounding much closer suddenly," you look but you do not see." Tony's shoulders hunched inwards as he tried to pull away, but there was no where to escape to but back into his mountain of pillows. He was trapped, and he didn't liked that feeling very much. "Stark..." "Don't," he begged, squeezing his eyes shut. Fingers ghosted over his face, and the glasses were pulled away. Swift but gentle fingers brushed over his scarred eyelids. "Have you been blinded?" Tony's breath hitched in his throat, his heart rate rising rapidly. He could hear the heart monitor scream at him, blaring into the silence as his answer. The stranger brushed his fingers across his skin, once, twice more, and a small, almost mournful sound filled the room. Then, they were pulling away, and Tony almost leaned 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Blindness
Blind Character
Whump
Hurt Tony
Snarky Tony
Sad Loki
Moral Ambiguity
Lies
Fluff and Angst
Tony lies
and someone keeps bringing the wrong fruit
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. References
graphic depiction of violence

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

