Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Every summer has a story.”


 
“What’s the deal with the wagon?” Darcy Lewis lifted a brow in Tony Stark’s direction where he was escorting a seven-year-old Natasha Romanoff down the sidewalk via a red, Fisher-Price wagon. 10-year-old Bruce Banner trailed silently behind them, his nose in a book.
“I’m a mermaid,” the young girl said proudly. Her ‘mermaid tail’—a green pillowcase that she wore over her legs and had tied around her waist in an attempt to imitate fins—hung over the side of the wagon. “I can’t walk on land.”  
“Oh, so you’re a mermaid now?” Darcy teased dryly. “Yesterday you said you were a Russian spy.”
“I’m still a spy!” Natasha insisted, her green eyes looking twice as large from behind her red pool goggles. “King Triton sent me here from Atlantica. I’m on a super-secret mission. Special Ops.”
Tony shared a look with Darcy. “Just go with it,” he instructed. “Do I regret letting her watch The Little Mermaid and Spy Kids five times in the same week? Possibly. But it’s too late to turn back now. At least she’s stopped trying to keep poisonous spiders as pets. I’ll take that as score one for the nanny.”
“Alright. Sure. Cool. Mermaid. Live your best life, kid,” Darcy agreed.
“I’m not a kid!” Natasha protested. “I’m an international woman of mystery.”
Tony had been employed as Natasha’s nanny for six months now, and while he wasn’t as bad with kids as he’d originally feared, it wasn’t exactly his dream job. His dream job wasn’t even on the table as a possibility. The harsh reality was that he was grateful to be employed at all. The job market was impossibly hard on omegas. For one thing, employers frequently refused to hire them (especially disgraced omegas like Tony), and for another, they weren’t allowed to receive any education beyond high school or make more than minimum wage. This, of course, forced too many omegas down less than favorable career paths in order to survive and kept them dependent on alphas and betas.
Lifting the heavy curtain of brown hair off her neck, Darcy fanned her face with her free hand. “It’s about time they opened the pool,” she remarked as they approached the aforementioned community center. “If this heat wave gets any worse, I’m going to spontaneously combust. Tell Jane to bury me with my record collection. And that I lied when I said I never read her journal.”
“I like the heat,” Tony lied. “I plan to sit poolside and work on my farmer’s tan.” Because he would not be taking his shirt off in public. No way. No how. He’d been self-conscious about the scar on his chest even before Obie had oh-so-helpfully pointed out how unsightly it was.
“The movies always make summer look so magical,” Darcy complained, “but in reality, it’s a sweaty, lazy, boring, sticky, overrated mess filled with sunburns and melty ice cream. I want the magic I was promised. I want sun, sand, and starry nights that stretch into eternity. I want peace, love, and pineapples. I demand to feel young and free.”  
Tony snorted, suppressing a pang of longing at Darcy’s words. “…Right. Settle down, Oscar Wilde.” Young and free. Hah. What a joke. He hadn’t felt anything close to ‘young and free’ since he was 15 years old. Before he’d presented as an omega and his entire future had been taken away. “I don’t need magic. Boring and sweaty is fine with me. Iced coffee, however, is non-negotiable. Iced coffee is the hero summer deserves.”
“No one likes boring and sweaty. We’re more than just a couple of house omegas, Tones. We need to live a little. Seize the day.”
“I think you mean seas the day,” Tony deflected, trying to change the subject. “Get it? S-E-A?”
“Oh, I got it.” Darcy groaned. “Witness my not laughing.”
“You know what they say, sun’s out, puns out.”
“No one says that. Please stop.”
“Let’s tropic while it’s hot!”
“Oh god.”

 
“Alright. Do you remember the rules?” Tony rearranged Natasha’s crooked goggles, almost unable to believe that they’d finally reached their destination. They’d run into some trouble while trying to get inside the community center. Their wagon hadn’t been permitted on the pool deck, and Tony’d had quite the challenge convincing Nat that she couldn’t wear her ‘tail’ AKA her pillowcase in the water. The last thing he needed was for the girl to almost drown on his watch.
The outdoor pool was nicer than Tony had thought it’d be. It was well-maintained, fenced off, and surrounded by greenery. There was a slide, a diving board, and multiple ladders. The water was a sparkling blue and the deep end was sectioned off by rope dividers. There was also plenty of space on the pool deck for lounging around.
Natasha nodded. “No runnin’,” she ticked off on her little fingers. “No deep end, and no holdin’ the kids’ I don’t like heads under water.”
“Uh…what was that last one?” Darcy squinted.
“Don’t ask,” Tony said dryly. Nat was a sweet kid but she had a bit of a dark streak. Sometimes he felt lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Insecure Tony
Alternate Universe
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Fluff and Angst
Age Difference
but no underage
depictions of panic attacks
references to past non-con (not with main pairing)
Past Miscarriage
Protective Steve Rogers
Knotting
Misunderstandings
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

