Work Text:
 Contrary to popular belief, Bucky does not look for trouble.It just appears, and he’s weak. So weak.With Steve, it had been the watery blue eyes and his unerring ability to get into a fight with an empty house when given the opportunity.With the punk of a cat he had in Romania, it had been the way he’d hissed at Bucky every time he tried to pet him before the damned hellion wrapped itself around Bucky’s neck like a matted, purring scarf.It’s not that Bucky has a type for angry, helpless things. He’s just weak.Something the Soldier had assured would not be a problem any more thanks to him, as evidenced by how quickly Bucky had been able to lay the Captain out after seeing him for the first time since the fall from the freight train. And how Bucky only cried once when he’d woken from a nightmare and didn’t find that dumb cat clinging to his neck like the jerk he was.See, progress.Now that he was defrosted and triggers scrubbed from his brain, Bucky told himself that trouble wouldn’t find him. Not this time. But, alongside being a murderous ex-assassin with a roommate situation in his noggin, he’s also a big fucking liar.Case in point: Tony Stark.While Bucky hasn’t laid eyes on the man since the disastrous Bunker episode, they’ve been in contact since Bucky’s defrosting in Wakanda six months ago.And that period of time is long enough to know that Tony Stark is trouble: From getting Bucky pardoned to asking whether he even wants to come back to the United States, to whether Bucky would mind if Tony works on a replacement for the arm (“Full offense, Winter Wonderland, but that thing is an atrocity. I can do better.”), to even placing Bucky under Stark Industries’ payroll in order to keep him out of the military’s clutches (“If anyone asks, your name is James and you’re filling the official position of Netflix connoisseur.” James frowned. "I don't even know what a Netflix is."). Bucky couldn’t wrap his head around how Tony could do any of this for him as Tony steamrolled any attempt by Bucky to ask – let alone beg forgiveness for his sins against the engineer.King T’Challa had suggested, from having worked with Tony personally on the amendments of the Accords, that Tony had forgiven Bucky in his own way and was asking the same with what he knew: actions and consistency.While Bucky understood it, and the Soldier respected it, that wouldn’t stop Bucky from saying the words anyway, and thanking Tony to boot.As soon as he could remember how words work because he’s pretty sure his brain has promptly melted out of his ears.The Soldier is no help whatsoever. Not that Bucky can really blame him because goddamn. He and Tony had communicated through video-calls, but seeing Tony in person? Not even Princess Shuri’s highest quality screens could do Tony justice.The man is a vision: artfully tousled black hair, sweet-lipped mouth, a beard that Bucky wants to feel rubbed all over him, and the healthy glow of olive-toned skin, rivaled only by the satin smoothness of honey that Bucky can already taste.And while the Soldier is already diverted with the thought of the different places he’s sure Tony would taste differently, Bucky is drawn to the blood-red of Tony’s three-piece suit; cut to perfection, his body moving like water beneath it sinuous and firm as the material caresses and clings like it can’t get enough, the shock of white at the collar of his shirt calls out to him, begging to be unraveled like the gift he is.Bucky’s hands itch from the bursting need to touch.It’s Barton that startles him to the present.  “Look who came crawling back. Don’t you just hate being wrong?”“I can’t say I have much experience in that area,” Tony drawls, lip curled in a lazy smirk that Bucky wants to just sink his teeth into. “I hope you had as much fun signing the Accords as you did the divorce papers.”At Barton’s indignant sound, the Soldier purrs, He certainly has a mouth on him. I wonder what else he can do with it? As if hearing the Soldier’s depravity, Tony’s gaze finally lands on him, and Bucky isn’t sure if he’s projecting against the amber lenses hiding the other man’s eyes, or if it’s the trick of the light that makes him think that Tony winks at him.Bucky doesn’t have to imagine the way Tony licks his lips though. Holy god. “The only reason we signed was because we wanted to come home,” the Witch informs mulishly when Barton grunts against Romanova’s restraint.“That’s surprising," Tony hums. "You didn’t seem particularly attached to the seven floors you threw Vision through. I wouldn’t worry though.” His meticulously groomed beard dimples at his cheek.  “Vision certainly isn’t.”“Tony,” Rogers begins, reprimanding. “There’s really no need -”“Oh, there’s a need.” His sunglasses are whipped off suddenly, the whiskey darkness of his eyes sharp as he regards his former teammates, skipping over Lang and Wilson and Bucky, clearly excluding them as he informs, “I’m going to tell you what none of you had the balls to say to my fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soldier as a separate personality
Bucky and the Soldier are thirsty as hell
Tony is a giant flirt
not team Cap friendly
Never Wanda friendly
Never Clint friendly
Tony does not have time for your shit
The Rogues get cut off

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

