Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Brett got to the station and was met with the goddamned cast of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.There was no Joseph in sight, but there was a younger, carbon copy of Senator Jim Morita standing in one corner raising hell in a small sea of eye-searing yellow while the leader of the sticky-plastic blue crew on the other side of the pen shouted at an officer and pointed violently at him. Brett didn’t quite have time to figure out what that was all about before Maynard was grabbing his arm and dragging him through a veritable ocean of painfully colored blazers into the Captain’s office. The door closed and Brett found himself in a circle of crossed arms and heavy brows.“Debate teams?” he found himself asking. Everyone looked at him piteously.“Academic Decathlon,” Ellen corrected. “The best and the brightest of this very fine city.”The sarcasm was strong in this one.Several people started to yell outside and were met by a series of bellowing officers to put that shit down.“I need more context,” Brett said.“All those nerd-children out there are lucky to be alive,” the captain informed him and the group at large, “It is my understanding that some college board members came along to watch their competition today. And someone, who is now sitting in Interrogation Room 5, decided that he was still unhappy that his kid didn’t get into Columbia as planned. Decided that he was going to set that record straight with a hired team of gunmen to help Mr. Coleman from Columbia’s board of admissions reconsider.”Fucking rich kid parents, yo.Brett’s mom had been so happy he’d graduated highschool she’d cried for weeks. When Fogs had gotten into Columbia, his family had been thrilled, but he’d had to pop around the corner to grab Brett and bring him over to help him explain to the Nelsons why the fuck their kid was doing College 2.0. They just weren’t getting it. What the hell is grad school? Is it like a certification thing? Why do you need that? Columbia is very good, yes?“Thankfully,” the captain said, tearing Brett away from fond (were they though?) memories. “Our friendly neighborhood Spiderman just so happened to be present at this gig and just so happened to disarm five gunmen and set off a fire-alarm before our guys even got the call.”“Weird place for Spiderman to be,” Brett noted out loud.The pitying looks came back.Oh, no.The captain bowed his head.Oh, fuck.“He’s in room 3,” the captain said, “And his principal has more political connections than everyone in this entire building combined and he—and I cannot emphasize this enough—is a minor. So the next few hours are going to proceed with absolutely zero leaks. This boy, God help our souls, did our job for us and we need him to give a statement and we are going to do everything in our power not to fuck up this kid’s life because he’s better at our jobs than we are, do you all understand?”A chorus of bobbing heads, followed by Ellen timidly raising a hand. The captain stared at her coldly.“Sir, are we not charging him with executing vigilante justice?”The captain continued to stare at her coldly.“If he was two years older, Detective Hernandez, then yes. We would. But, things as they are, I am hesitant to arrest a sixteen-year-old child when there is a greater opportunity that we can talk him out of this before he gets in too deep. Any other questions?”Brett had one.“Is he sixteen, or sixteen-adjacent?”“Sixteen and two months, Lord help us. You may proceed without parental presence. Mahoney, you got a way with kids, you’re on point with Spidey. Brewer, you’ve got our other friend.”  Brett opened the door and immediately regretted every decision that had ever led up to this point in his life. He valiantly did not slam it closed and pass the buck. He walked in and closed the door behind him and tried very hard not to respond to the fierce fucking look the second tiniest teenager in the world was giving him.He had one of those eye-searing blazers on over his suit. His suit had seen better days, now that Brett was up close enough to tell.He opened his mouth and the kid snarled at him.In any other circumstances, the floppy hair and big brown eyes might have been sweet. Right now, they told the story of a kid learning how to cut a bitch.Brett sat down and leaned back in the chair. The kid pressed himself flat against the wall. He was no dumby, this one. One of the “best and the brightest” in his class after all. Brett looked him over and thought that what he really could use was an extra meal or two.“Are you hungry?” he asked. “Thirsty? I can get you a coke or a water or something?”The boy didn’t let up on his snarl. It seemed kind of familiar, now that Brett was tuned into it.Oh dear god, say it ain’t so.“Maybe coffee?” he offered.“Cut the shit. Read me my rights. I want a lawyer.”Someone had briefed this child on exactly what to do in this situation. And Brett had a sneaking suspicion he knew exactly who that horn head was.Brett sighed an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Brett Mahoney & Team Red
Brett Mahoney & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Brett Mahoney & Matt Murdock
Brett Mahoney & Wade Wilson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Peter Parker
Foggy & All his vigilantes
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Case Fic
Interrogation
Identity Reveal
Police
Heist
well failed heist
Police & Vigilante Team Up
culture clash
Shenanigans
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Team Red
it's just a mess that entertains me yo
fuck its growing
that was not intentions
Missing Persons
Tracking
Piercings
Academia
an attempt to study this people is made
an 'attempt.'
Gangs
Violence
Canon Disabled Character
Lucky makes his grand appearance
Community - Freeform
Underground
Murder
Attempted Murder
Going undercover
Dogs
Ghosts
Spirits
a bitty bit of witches
Illnesses
Hospitalization
Brain Surgery

fandom: 
Brett Mahoney & Team Red
Brett Mahoney & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Brett Mahoney & Matt Murdock
Brett Mahoney & Wade Wilson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Peter Parker
Foggy & All his vigilantes
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

