Work Text:
After the dust settles, after Bucky is found and taken in and his brain is as fixed as it’s going to get, according to everyone who is paid to know about that kind of thing, there’s really no question of where he’s going to live.  He can’t be alone—Natasha is vocal and explicit about what could happen to the former Winter Soldier if he’s left to his own devices.  He won’t live at Stark Tower, because now that he knows what he’s done and who he is he also knows who he’s killed, and he has a hard time looking Tony in the eye.  Natasha offers to take him in, but it’s a half-hearted offer, one she knows will be shot down.
Steve’s spent long enough without him.  He’s not going to let him get away again.
His apartment in DC is still trashed, and he doesn’t really want to go back there anyway, not after everything that’s happened.  He still can’t look at the Potomac without feeling sick and dizzy.  So he looks into secure Brooklyn buildings, and ends up renting a small, sunny two-bedroom apartment in Bay Ridge.  The day after they move in he takes Bucky on a walking tour of Brooklyn, pointing out their old haunts.  (The ones he can recognize, anyway—so much has been demolished and rebuilt and demolished again since they were kids that he doesn’t always know what he’s looking at.)  Bucky is silent for most of it, keeping pace with Steve easily and following his finger when he points, like a cat.
“I don’t remember that,” he says at one point, breaking through Steve recounting the time Gerald Hennessey dared him to steal Sister Margaret’s dentures.  His voice is low and strained, his eyes flickering from one place to another like he’s planning an escape.  Steve looks at him for a minute, then hails a cab.
Bucky holds himself close to the window the whole way home, staring out as the city flashes by in streaks of neon and grey.  They aren’t touching, but Steve can feel him shake.
He settles a little when they get back to the apartment, and they spend the next few days inside, eating takeout and watching bad TV movies.  Steve watches them, anyway; Bucky’s eyes never seem to completely focus on the screen.  Fury calls every day for updates on his condition, and Steve is never sure what to say.  Bucky is fine in that he hasn’t actually tried to kill Steve yet, but he sleeps little and speaks less and seems to spend hours checked out, staring into space.  Sometimes Steve can see his lips moving slightly, like he’s in some other place, speaking to someone else.  Sometimes he wakes up screaming, fighting off anyone who tries to touch him until he registers where he is.
Steve fills up the silence as best he can, and tries to recognize when to shut up.
Bucky was released from custody only under certain conditions, and one of them is biweekly therapy appointments in an old-fashioned brownstone in Manhattan.  At first S.H.I.E.L.D. sends a car for them, and Steve rides with Bucky, sits in the waiting room for an hour reading last year’s magazines, then rides back with him.  Then one day, as they’re putting on their shoes to leave, Bucky looks at him and asks, his voice hesitant, “Can we take the subway?”
Bucky never asks for anything.  “Of course,” Steve says, and ducks outside to send the car back.
The subway ride is not exactly smooth—Bucky flinches and goes tense every time someone jostles him, and when a man cuts him off on a landing platform he spits a long string of Russian obscenities in his direction, nearly starting a fight—but they get to the therapist’s office only five minutes late, and after his time is up Bucky emerges with a tiny smile.
“Did you tell her about getting the subway?” he asks as he stands up, pulling on his jacket.  Bucky nods, and the smile grows wider.  It stays there the whole ride home, and Steve can’t stop looking at Bucky and grinning like a maniac.
After that day they don’t make use of the car at all, and it eventually stops coming.  They just use the subway to go to therapy at first, but as time goes on Steve tests the waters a little, suggesting detours and pit stops.  They discover used bookstores on their commute, eat in tiny, empty restaurants and cafes (Bucky still isn’t good at crowds, and Steve tries to keep him away from places that would have a lot of people).  They go to movie matinees, when they can have the whole theatre to themselves, sitting in the dark and letting the images wash over them for a few hours.  They go to the park a few times, but joggers make Bucky nervous, especially when they’re coming towards him, so instead they start to take walks around the city in the early hours of the morning, when the sun’s just coming up and the streets are relatively deserted.
Steve has to fight against the urge to take Bucky’s hand sometimes, just like he did when they were kids, just like he has to fight against the urge to lean into him when they’re sitting on the couch or doing dishes.  Like he has to fight against the urge to kiss him and bury his fingers in his hair.  Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tattoos
Pining
Body Modification
Reclaiming Identity Via Crappy Body Art
Natasha Does Not Just Pretend To Know Everything
Sam Wilson Is Better Than You
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Special Supersoldier Boyfriend Tattoos
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
No Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

