Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 

"Winter is the time for comfort, for good food and warmth, for the touch of a friendly hand and for a talk beside the fire: it is time for home."




- Edith Sitwell
 
 
The sound was muffled by the snow, the flakes coming down in thick waves as the late evening shifted permanently into the dead of night. 
 
Steve lifted his head from where he’d been staring into the flames of the fire, his knees cracking slightly as he rose from a crouch and replaced the fireplace poker back in it's holder.
 
He almost ignored it; there was no one around for miles and the snowstorm had been on the radar for a full week. Surely no one would be out in this mess, much less on the private road of his severely off-the-grid cabin. 
 
Something nagged at him to go outside though, to investigate, the same sense of unease deep in his belly that had warned him when a floor was about to collapse in a burning building, or when there was one more person trapped in a twisted car wreck. That feeling had kept him out of bed and wandering the small cabin aimlessly tonight, when he normally would have found himself asleep hours before. That feeling had 

also

 saved his sorry ass more than once, so Steve knew better than to go against his gut these days.
 
A quick glance out the window confirmed what he already knew instinctively; whiteout conditions to the point where he couldn't see the end of his own driveway anymore.
 
Still, that muted 

thump

 stayed with him and he grabbed his largest fireman’s flashlight before donning his parka and his tallest pair of winter boots, the snow still slipping inside and melting into his socks the moment he stepped outside and into the high banks. 
 
He waded through the snow uncomfortably, cursing his choice of forgoing his ski pants as soon as his jeans touched the snow and started chafing wetly against his skin. 
 Just a quick look around to satisfy that lingering sense of wrong, he thought, and then he could go back to the house and slip into bed like nothing had happened.  
He saw the skid marks before the car, oddly enough. Long, deep trenches cut into the snow where a vehicle had lost control and spun before slamming into the steep ditch at the end of his driveway, headlights still shining uselessly against the literal sheets of snow coming down. 
 
Steve's feet were moving before he could even register the full scope of the accident; the shattered windshield, the smashed in front end of the car. All Steve was looking for was motion from within the vehicle itself, a sign of life, and he was coming up empty on that account so far. 
 
He was at the driver's side door in a heartbeat, clearing snow off of the already frosting window and shining his flashlight inside. The powerful light did it's job, illuminating the interior to show one occupant, the driver, a male, slumped over the wheel of the car, a nasty looking cut dripping blood from his forehead. 
 
Steve tried the door handle only to find it still locked before he pounded a fist on the side of the car, his voice and actions getting swept away in the furious wind of the storm, the driver still not opening his eyes. 
 
Cursing under his breath he sprinted back to the cabin, his heart thumping steadily and his mind narrowing in that way it did whenever he was on a call. 

Protect, protect, protect. 

 
He threw open the door to the cabin and ran to his hall closet, his spare emergency bag and giant first aid kit neatly tucked away until his time off ended.
 
He grabbed his window punch and his thick gloves and was back outside in a flash, sliding slightly on the ice forming in the driveway as he darted back to the car. 
 
The dark-haired stranger was still unmoving, slumped over the wheel of the car, and Steve wasted no time in hurrying around to the passenger side door, pulling on his gloves and breaking the glass cleanly out of the window. He leaned through the open window to throw the lock before getting inside the car, his nose twitching and his now-soaked jeans squelching uncomfortably against the rich leather seats. 
 
He breathed a slight sigh of relief as he found a pulse on the man's neck, but it was short lived as the man's temperature made itself known against his fingertips, the open windshield letting in an alarming amount of freezing wind and snow in such a short span of time. Steve needed to get him inside 

now. 

 
He released the seatbelt the man had thankfully been wearing and used the key fob dangling from the ignition to unlock all the doors, before turning the still running car off and darting back around to the driver’s side, breath puffing out in a white cloud as he moved.
 
Steve hesitated here for a moment, years of training telling him to not move the man until he could confirm any possible neck or spine injuries, but the imminent threat of hypothermia soon overrode his sense of caution in this area. 
 
Steve moved as gently as possible, getting the man situated in his arms in a bridal-s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Scenting
Past Physical & Emotional Abuse
No abuse takes place but past abuse is described
Abusive Brock Rumlow
Hurt/Comfort
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Healing
Firefighter Steve Rogers
Writer Steve Rogers
Trapped in a cabin together in a snowstorm
That should be a real tag by now
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Spoiled Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Protective Steve Rogers
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Sharing a Bed
Consent
Smut
Fluff and Smut
References to Depression
Mating Bond
Accidental Bonding
Protective Diva Bucky Barnes
BAMF Maria Hill
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rimming
mentions of mpreg
Family Drama
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
only for a few chapters
Happy Ending
Snowed In

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow - Relationship

