Chapter 1: From the Top . . .
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“This thing on?”

 . . . 

 “Hey, Miss Potts. If you or Rhodey find this recording, don’t feel bad about this. Part of the journey is the end.” 

 . . . 

 “Just for the record, being adrift in space with zero promise of rescue is more fun than it sounds. Food and water ran out . . . four days ago . . . oxygen’ll run out tomorrow morning, and that’ll be it.” 

 . . . 

 “Stephen, if you’re . . . there somewhere . . . when I drift off, I’ll be with you again. I can’t wait.”
 
 — 2008-2010   — They first met at a party.This one was organized by the Metro General hospital to raise money, with the well-known (and controversial) Tony Stark as the honored guest. It was also Stephen's first truly upper-class party as a doctor rather than as a plus-one college student, and he was more nervous than he would like to admit. Normally he was confident, suave, standing apart from the crowd, but now he felt like anyone looking at him could see how he didn’t fit. He was alone unless you counted the other, more experienced doctors who he didn’t care for and who immediately fucked off and did something else as soon as they got there, leaving him to fend for himself alone at the bar. Stephen resisted a sigh as he began nursing a glass of champagne.Across the room, Tony was growing increasingly bored listening to doctors fight to get his funding. He planned to give it regardless — Pepper and the board at S.I. were constantly worrying about the company’s reputation, viewing Tony as both problem and solution — but he usually enjoyed it when people fought for his attention. Tonight though, it was just irritating. He was looking for something . . . different.He looked past the doctors and donators around the room, marking off options in his head as he sorted through the ones who knew and those who didn’t interest him.  Boring, boring, bad in bed, cries during sex . . . huh.  His eyes landed on a man standing at the bar.  That’s new. Dark hair, unblemished skin, tall and slender without being skinny. Young, but not too young. He had cheekbones you could cut yourself on and kind of an interesting face, the sort that some people would find ugly and others would think was classically handsome. Tony happened to belong to the latter category. The man, probably a doctor since Tony didn’t recognize him, looked like he was trying to hide how uncomfortable he was. Not exactly a challenge, but Tony wasn't looking for one.“Yeah, okay, bye,” Tony said absently as he walked away, no longer paying attention to the doctors surrounding him as he approached his newest target. The man didn’t seem to notice him at first, too busy drilling a hole into the bar with his gaze. Tony took the time to look him up and down, appreciating the sleek black suit, before asking, “Bored?”To his credit, the man barely seemed surprised when he looked at him. Or maybe he just didn’t recognize Tony.  Bit insulting, it’s my party, but fine. He nodded. “A bit.”“My bad.” He held out his hand for the doctor to shake. “Tony Stark.”There we go, Tony thought, preening. There was recognition in the man’s eyes, but he didn’t react apart from that, merely shaking Tony’s hand.“Stephen Strange.” Really?  Tony opened his mouth—“Whatever it is, don’t.”Tony chuckled, plucking a glass of champagne from a passing waiter and leaning back against the bar. “You’ve probably heard just about every strange pun under the sky, huh?”“Twice. It got old around the time I started to speak.”“Sounds like you could use something new.” Tony turned towards him, angling his head so that his attention was fully on the other man.Stephen seemed to realize immediately what he meant. He took his time looking over Tony before a smirk slid over his face. “Projecting, much? What, are you tired of the same one-night-stands?”Tony smiled. “Knew you’d heard of me.” He took a long draw of his drink. “So what do you think? Want to be my something new for the night?”“If you think you can keep up with me.”“Cocky. I like that in a man.”“Really? The version I heard is that you like it in you.”Tony arched a brow, unable to keep the pleased amusement from his face. “Planning to join that list?”Stephen gave him a long, considering look before sliding a hand over Tony’s free one. “Mister Stark . . . you’re going to beg me to join it."Tony snorted, looking Stephen over his glass of champagne. “I've never begged for anything in my life.”Stephen smirked. “Then I will be honored to be the first.”Tony laughed, louder than he meant to. “Oh, I’m gonna have fun with you.” 
  Well,  Stephen muttered to himself, slowly walking up to his apartment,  I can add that to my list of achievements. First person to ever make Tony Stark beg in bed.  It was the best night he’d had in a while, but now he was exhausted from staying awake so long after getting up early that morning, not to mention the party.  At least I don’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Iron Man 1
Iron Man 2
Avengers (2012) - Freeform
Iron Man 3
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Doctor Strange (2016) - Freeform
Spider-Man: Homecoming - Freeform
Avengers: Infinity War (Movie)
Spoilers for pretty much the entire MCU
Established IronStrange
Angst
Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Avengers: Endgame
Endgame
Canon deaths
Mild Sexual Content
One-Sided Attraction
Not the ironstrange
The ironstrange is very much two-sided
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
ironfam
Ironfamily
Temporary Character Death
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
This is just me trying to put Stephen in the ironfam
and you know what? it's working
Tony Stark Lives

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

