Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Guilt is not a casual feeling for James. Rather, it rips through him in bouts of burning cold pain, making his brain ache behind his ears and his chest fill up with stale air. His hands fidget and his feet pace along the floor of the bungalow, but nothing can calm him down. Months spent frozen can do nothing to cool his nerves when this kind of news is delivered.
“Why would he want to do this? Why would he want to take me back after everything?” He asks, shaking his head rather vigorously. It just doesn’t make sense…
Bucky stands in a warm, airy space seemingly half-outdoors and half indoors, like a shell of a room. He can’t recall seeing any other sort of building like it except for others in Wakanda. Normally he might take a moment to enjoy himself, to sit and stare into the sun while he awaits orders to come in from his Handler, like those oh-so-rare times he’d had tracking Targets up and down the mountains; but today, he is feeling guilt. Today, his feet trail back and forth over the wooden floorboards, knocking sounds filling the room as he is the only one talking, even with a whole team of doctors standing a meter away.
He doesn’t notice the alarmed manner in which the new doctors observe him. James has never met them before. They were recruited to monitor him while he was frozen, and while they’ve heard tales of him, they have had yet to see him in his half-calm, half-manic state.
T’Challa and Nakia, however, are perfectly used to it. They’ve seen these episodes of self-doubt, fear, and paranoia. T’Challa’s not sure how he will manage to ever convince Sargent Barnes that Tony is genuinely attempting to offer help. Surely, the man will never believe in something so positive. He’s barely had a positive moment in the last seventy years. 
Before any of the Wakandans have an opportunity to try and calm the Soldier down, he continues on with his rambling, not even sure if he really wants an answer or not. “There’s no way anyone’d let me near him, right? He’s just doin’ this for revenge?” It’s not like Bucky wouldn’t deserve it after all. He wouldn’t just show up and let Stark kill him, but he won’t deny that the man’s justified in his anger. The Asset killed his mother. 
The King shakes his head, leaning back against the counter behind him as he continues to watch the Soldier panic. “Mr. Stark has informed me that he understands--at least as best he can--what you’ve gone through. He says his priority isn’t dealing with what happened between the two of you, that you can choose to trust him or not, but that he has the technology to help you. He’s extending an offer, and a rather exceptional offer, at that.”
“No, no. That doesn’t make any sense. I killed his parents. This can’t be right.”
Nakia lets out a breath of air and takes a step forward, her armor clanking as she goes, and places her hand on top of James’. She looks him in the eye and slowly gets him to calm down. “No matter what happened, this is a chance to move forward. This may be your only chance.” At that, Bucky glances up at T’Challa, quietly frowning. Only chance?
Bucky pauses before responding. How is he supposed to react to this? “Does Stevie know?”
Of course that would be his first question. T’Challa remarks. “No. This information was extended from Mr. Stark to you. I relay messages exactly. This is your decision. Mr. Rogers can’t make it for you.”
Fear prickles up Bucky’s spine, intertwining with the cold-burn pain in his heart. He is scared of this enemy he was forced to make--this son of a man he had only met twice--but he is even more scared that T’Challa and Nakia are right. This is his decision, and it’s one he doesn’t want to make.

 
 “Are you sure about this?”
“One can never be sure of anything.” Tony says with a flippant wave of his hand. If he were to respond with any sort of real response, he might just break down over the subject of the man he’s just invited into his home.
Besides, this is not a conversation to be having over a Six O-Clock meal. This restaurant is far too expensive for such cheap, cheesy talk. Trying to talk me out of my self-destructive tendencies…ridiculous and futile.
Pepper frowns, leaning forward in her chair and perching her elbows on the table. It’s been a month or so since she’s sat here across from him, checking in on his recovery since the fight in Siberia. He looks remarkably better: freshly showered, facial hair cleanly cut, eyes bright.
He is sober and he is doing well, which is a downright miracle after what’s happened. But that doesn’t mean he’s off the hook. He’s hardly from it, in fact. Pepper will not let her watch over him wane once again. She will not stand by as he makes risky decisions and gets himself killed again.
“Tony, this is serious.”
He grimaces. “I know.” Too much of his annoyance comes through in his voice, and he lets out an overly-casual sigh to make up for it. “I’m a scientist. What good is my technology--my science--if I can’t use it to make the world
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa

freeform: 
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Slow Burn
Getting Together
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
Falling In Love
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Figuring Things Out
Revelations
Protective Peter Parker
Character Development
Psychological Trauma
WinterSpider friendship
Bucky Barnes & Peter Parker Friendship
super slow burn
Masturbation
Angst
Fluff
Humor
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Domestic Fluff
Bucky goes by James
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa

