Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“
He's a good time cowboy Casanova
Leaning up against the record machine
He looks like a cool drink of water
But he's candy-coated misery


He's the devil in disguise
A snake with blue eyes
And he only comes out at night
Gives you feelings that you don't wanna fight
You better run for your life”
 
When Steve first brought Bucky to the compound after finding him, he was grateful to have his friend back close to him. The team was wary at first not knowing Bucky’s state of mind but soon grew to embrace him as well. He enjoyed verbally sparring with Clint, talking to Natasha about Russia, pranking Steve with Sam, and taking Wanda under his wing helping to control her powers. After a month they started inviting Bucky to the weekly movie night. He usually sat with Steve, when he was there, throwing popcorn at Clint when the moving was boring or giving quiet commentary to Steve when it was one he liked.
For 3 months, everything was great. Then Bucky’s arm began to malfunction.
While he had heard of the elusive son of Howard Stark that had stolen his best friend’s heart, Bucky hadn’t actually met the man yet. Tony had been staying at the Avengers Tower in Manhattan because he was still in the process of fighting the government on something called “The Accords” and still heading the development division of his company. It was also probably because Tony knew the Winter Soldier was the one hired to kill his parents. Steve had told Bucky that Tony already knew. That he understood Bucky wouldn’t have done it if he hadn’t been brain washed, but he couldn’t help but think it was the reason Tony had yet to visit. Steve would just leave to see the other man most nights and weekends when he wasn’t busy with the team.
It was during a sparring session with Steve that it happened. Bucky and Steve had been at it for around an hour, neither needing a break due to their enhancements, when as Steve’s fist came to punch Bucky’s abdomen he tried to block the blow with his metal arm but it stayed in place not moving. When the blow landed driving Bucky to the ground he was also unable to break his fall neatly only having one arm that was functional.
Steve knowing Bucky should have and had previously been able to block his attack quickly rushed to kneel beside him. “Buck, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Finally having the arm respond Bucky pushed himself up to sit, flexing the metal fingers to make sure he was functional again. Looking to Steve who’d also taken a seat on the floor at his side Bucky just shrugged, “I’m fine now. Hit wasn’t hard enough to do damage but I wasn’t able to move my arm for some reason.”
Vision immediately drawn to Bucky’s arm Steve reached out to draw the Bicep into his hand. “That’s not good, can’t have you disabled in a fight. I’ll call Tony to see if he can take a look at it.”
A couple hours later Steve walked into Bucky’s room at the compound. Bucky had been lounging on his bed working through a couple items on the list Tasha gave him of important history he missed. “Hey Buck, Tony’s locked down in Manhattan for the next week so we have to go to him. You okay with staying at the Tower for a few days?”
Bucky shrugged, “Long as he’s ok with it I’m good.”
Smiling brightly Steve beamed down at him. “I told you he’s fine Bucky. He really doesn’t blame you for what happened. I’m really excited for my two favorite people to meet.”
Taking one of the Quinjet’s they made it to New York in just under two hours. Steve showed him to the Penthouse saying he could take one of the guest rooms or the floor below them. Opting to see how well this first meeting went Bucky didn’t give an answer initially and just dropped his duffle bag in the living room. He’d let Steve assume what his response was until he made the choice. Shortly after their arrival Tony made his appearance. The dark haired male had grease smudges on his cheek and forehead as well as spots on his T-shirt and jeans. Rooted to the spot he initially rose to stand in when Tony arrived, Bucky was frozen.
Tony Stark, was the most beautiful thing Bucky had ever seen.
Greeting Steve first with a heartfelt smile and kiss, Tony looked hesitant but also curious as Steve guided him over to meet Bucky. When the smaller man reached out a hand to Bucky saying, “Hello handsome, it’s good to finally meet you.” Bucky’s playboy ways took over before he could stop himself from toying with the other man.
Well that was lie, he could have stopped himself. Bucky just didn’t want to.
 
 
Tony had been avoiding Bucky. He wasn’t lying to Steve, he really didn’t blame the man for what Hydra had him do, but Tony didn’t know if that would hold up once the soldier was in front of him. At night after Steve and Tony finished making love, Steve would give Tony updates on what was going on in the compound. It had come up that Bucky felt Tony blamed him for his parents’ death but Tony didn’t want to deal with it yet. He chose to evade the issue never realizing how muc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Cheating
Evil Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bottom Tony Stark
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Light BDSM
Dom/sub Undertones
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Bucky Barnes
Praise Kink
Size Kink
Strength Kink
Rough Sex
Shower Sex
Having sex next to sleeping Steve
Also in other rooms with him unaware
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulative Relationship
Sexual Content
Sexual Frustration
Not a Love Story
Seduction
Seductive bucky
Large Cock
Dirty Talk
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Evil Plans
Loud Sex
Coming Untouched
Coming In Pants
Guilty Pleasures
Porn With Plot
Partner Betrayal
POV Alternating
POV Tony Stark
mainly Tony Pov
POV Bucky Barnes
Sorry Not Sorry
Happy Ending
Well Bucky makes them think their happy...
Cuckolding
Come Marking
Naive Steve Rogers
Sex Education
featuring Professor Bucky Barnes
Not that he actually does any educating...
Frottage
Penis Measuring
Sleep Sex
Threesome - M/M/M
Kinda...
Hot Tub Sex
Anal Gaping
POV Steve Rogers
for like one second
why is there a hot tub in the training room...?
‘Because why not...?
Possessive Bucky

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

