Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Eddie. Why don’t we do that?Eddie jumps, startled out of the arousal he was starting to feel as he watched the porn playing on his laptop.“Wh-what?”Sex, Venom says bluntly. It looks enjoyable. You have no partner. We should try it.“I… uh.” It had already been a bit awkward coming to terms with masturbating and watching porn with Venom now a part of him, but the symbiote had been pretty understanding about it after Eddie had stumbled his way through an explanation of the human body’s desires and needs. And for the most part, Venom stayed quiet and left Eddie alone when he would pull up a porn site and open his trousers.This however… This is something new entirely.“I don’t… I mean…” Eddie tries to find a way to explain how having sex with an alien creature inhabiting his own body would be weird by almost anyone’s standards.We have no secrets between us, Eddie. I know what you like. I can make us feel good.It’s true, he and Venom are intimate in a way he had never imagined before. It’s hard not to be, with another being literally inside you, knowing everything you know, feeling what you feel. But sexually? He’s really never felt that way about the symbiote.“Sex is… It’s usually something two humans do when they… Feel things for each other.”But there is also casual sex, Venom says reasonably. People also do it just to feel good.Okay, he’s got him there. Eddie, let’s try it. I’m sure we will like it.“N-no, I think… Maybe later, okay?” He doesn’t really want that, but can sense so much eagerness through their connection that he doesn’t have the heart to just shut the whole issue down. Venom’s usually all over the place anyway, jumping from one interesting thing to the next. He’ll probably forget all about this by the end of the day. ***** It’s the third time that Venom brings up sex in the span of a week, still apparently eager to try it, that Eddie reluctantly agrees. The symbiote just wants so badly to learn about humanity, to experience what Eddie experiences, to dig up all the good things about this new life they’ve made for themselves, and Eddie figures, well, maybe it can’t be all that bad. It still feels a little weird, sure, but Venom’s already wormed his way into every other part of Eddie’s life, so why not this? He already feels what Eddie feels when he jerks himself off anyway.He’s definitely had to extend the upper limits of his personal scale of what’s weird since he picked up Venom, and all things considered, this isn’t really all that far up there anymore.Eddie gets up and hesitantly heads to his bedroom, but Venom is so eager he doesn’t even let him get to the bed before he’s emerging from Eddie’s body, building himself up into his large, humanoid form in front of Eddie. Eddie doesn’t often see Venom like this, fully outside of him, and somehow that monstrous form is still pretty intimidating, despite the fact that he knows Venom would never harm him.He’s shaking minutely as Venom’s hands come to rest on his hips. He has no doubt that Venom knows, as he said, what Eddie likes, but he still honestly has no idea what to expect with this.Venom easily takes the lead and starts carefully opening Eddie’s trousers. He slides them and his underwear down, and helps him step out of them.Venom doesn’t straighten up after that, but instead leans forward slightly, and Eddie jumps at the feeling of the symbiote’s tongue reaching out and licking its way up the inside of his thigh. Hands come to rest just below Eddie’s hips, and gently pull his legs open a little wider as the tongue ventures up. It toys with his cock, wriggles against his balls, and then ventures father back, and Eddie gasps as it slides against his hole.The shaking in Eddie’s body deepens, and Eddie tries to force himself still as Venom rims him, and then the tongue starts to work its way inside. Venom knows how this works well enough, if not from Eddie’s brain, then at least because he’s probably seen a fair amount of porn by now. And it’s now that Eddie understands how this is going to go.Venom is going to top him. He supposes it makes sense. He’s always been more of a bottom, always kind of enjoyed having another in control, and this was all Venom’s idea anyway.Eddie’s been in all sorts of relationships. He’s been dicked before, has even been pegged a few times, but not in a while. He really should have expected this when he agreed to sex with Venom, but now he’s not so sure he’s ready for it.The tongue pushes deep, retreats, then pushes deep again, and Eddie tries to focus on how it does actually feel kind of good.After a minute, Venom seems satisfied with whatever he was trying to achieve with this, and his tongue leaves a wet trail of slime behind it as it retracts back into his mouth and he slowly stands up again. As he does, Eddie’s eyes go wide at the sight of something he has definitely never seen on the symbiote before.Venom has a dick, and Eddie can only think two things: it’s very big, and it’s very erect.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Porn
Persuasion - Freeform
Dubious Consent
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rimming
Tongue Fucking
Anal Sex
Pain
Painful Sex
Tears
Big Cock
Dom/sub
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Large Insertion
Bondage
belly bulge

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

