Chapter 1: S. Lee Elementary School
    


Summary:


"Tonight I'll dream while I'm in bedwhen silly thoughts go through my headabout the bugs and alphabetand when I wake tomorrow I'll betthat you and I will walk together again.I can tell that we are gonna be friends"
We're Going to be Friends // The White Stripes




Notes:
I own nothing here, nothing at all. Nothing but my own feelings and shame.




Chapter Text
He’s ten minutes into first grade recess and he already has his face in the dirt. Elementary School is shaping up to be a lot like Kindergarten. And Pre-School. And Day Care.He’s used to it at this point. He’s no stranger to scabby knees and scratched palms. He and the nurse are bound to be on a first name basis before the day is through. He can still remember the tender, sympathetic look that Mrs. Margret Peachman gave him day after day last year and Miss. Edith May’s soft reprimands of, “Again, Steven? Take a seat…,” still ring in his ears whenever his delicate skin hits unforgiving pavement.So yeah, this is nothing new. He’s the same Ol’ Steve Rogers, but in a different school, with different kids, getting beat up by different bullies.Steve pulls his face out of the dirt and spits the woodchips and sand from his mouth. He thinks he’s split his lip if the irony taste on his tongue tells him anything, but that’s nothing to worry about. There’s a new scrape on his forearm that’s much more concerning and if he doesn’t get it cleaned up it’s bound to get infected. He shuffles to his knees with ragged breath, wincing as his meager weight falls upon his bruising knees. He’s almost got himself back on his feet when he feels a sharp jab at his back which sends him tumbling into the dirt again. As his hands scratch the ground, struggling to find purchase, he hears a chorus of cruel laughter swelling around him. He looks up enough to see a circle of tan pants and black boots surrounding him. He can barely suppress the miserable groan that wells up in his chest at the sight: 5 against 1, not the best odds.Despite his less than favorable chances, Steve rolls onto his back anyway with a look of grim determination. He’s no stranger to crappy odds: The odds of him living past 10, the odds of his family making next month’s rent… He’s used to this, and in his mind a group of rag-tag bullies were the least of his worries.“What’s’a matter, Rogers?” One of his attackers heckles. “You gonna cry?” He taunts.“No way.” Steve says firmly as he scrambles to his feet. His tan pants are ruined and his crisp blue dress shirt is rumpled beyond repair, but it doesn’t stop Steve from squaring his shoulders and jutting out his jaw in an act of defiance.“C’mon, Jay, make him cry!” Another kid jeers, and Steve recognizes him. The boy’s first name is a mouthful, so everyone just calls him Zola. Steve sits beside him in class and the boy had spent all of reading time stealthily jabbing Steve’s ribs with his sharpened pencil like Steve was some kind of lab experiment. When Steve had told him to cut it out, the boy just leered at him and blinked owlishly from behind his massive glasses, pretending not to know what Steve was talking about. Zola isn’t like any of the other bullies Steve’s dealt with, and at first he didn’t understand how this kid could’ve become one of the reigning terrors on the playground, but his question was answered when Zola’s step-brother sauntered over to Steve’s desk during snack time and crushed his animal cracker cookies in his pale fist. His name is Johann, but most of the kids in Steve’s class can’t wrap their tongues around his name, either, so they dubbed him Jay and that was that. Jay is textbook bully material: Big for his age with a twisted sense of humor and a complete lack of empathy. Steve hasn’t been in class with him for more than a day and he’s already become the other boy’s personal punching bag.It’s Jay who advances on Steve now, sauntering forward with an arrogant swagger that’s well beyond his years. He comes chest to chest with Steve and glares down at him. “No one likes you here, Rogers. Why did you bother showing up?” He says venomously to the cheers and hollers of his cronies.Steve’s jaw works as he fights the lead weight settling in his gut. He reminds himself that this is nothing he hasn’t heard before and steels himself for a retort. “I ain’t scared of you, pal.”Jay’s eyebrows rise up his forehead and he laughs mirthlessly in Steve’s face before he shoves him to the dirt again. “Why don’t you just stay down this time, Rogers? Make it easy on yourself?”“You kiddin’ me?” Steve laughs as he stumbles to his feet once again, schooling his features so his attackers can’t see just how much it hurts to stand. “I could do this all day!” He says brightly as he raises two dirty fists in front of himself and braces for a fight.Jay smirks and steps away from Steve, and for one miraculous moment Steve thinks that he’s won, and that they’re gonna leave him alone. But he’s wrong, because when Jay’s a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Elementary School
Growing Up Together
Bullying
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - College/University
Fluff and Smut
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Humor
First Kiss
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Dirty Talk
Masturbation
Blow Jobs
Switch Steve
Switch Bucky
Steve Making Bad Decisions
Loss of Limbs
Medical Procedures
References to MCU

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

