Chapter 1: Alone
    




Chapter Text
The streets were busy today. Well, they were busy every day, but today seemed far more so for some reason. Peter suspected that it had something to do with one of the international film festivals that took place each year, everyone coming from all over and everywhere to see the rich and the famous. They would be scouting the streets of Times Square and Broadway, camping out on the corners of Fifth and Main, and chasing after anyone who happened to look like a star-studded actor or actress – not a thought on their mind for shame or decency.Which was why he was staying as far away from the streets as possible. He didn’t care one bit to be caught in all that madness, thank you very much.Peter took a bite from his sandwich as his legs hung over the roof’s edge, watching lazily as pedestrians walked back and forth along the streets and as cars drove down the road, either turning at the lights or carrying on until they were eventually engulfed by the rest of the city.Turning his gaze he looked out at the expanse of the harbour, its ports and piers stretching out into the sea. He rested his back against a small smokestack, listening to the sounds of the seagulls and engines, as he watched ships and boats of all shapes and sizes sail in and out of the harbour. The smell of salt was so sharp on his nose that he could practically taste it.He came to the pier every Tuesday, a small dose of routine in otherwise routineless weeks. Every other day held all sorts of possibilities – he could go anywhere he wanted, and do anything he pleased. No one told him what to do or where to go; he was bound by no job and no authority of education. He was the emperor of his empire, the captain of his ship. He did anything that he wanted to do.Well, anything that didn’t require money, at least.The wind picked up, ruffling Peter’s hair; he looked down at the docks, watching as a couple of men worked to scrub the deck of a small tanker ship. Taking another bite of his sandwich, Peter listened in as the two spoke, their accents thick and strong.“D’you know, I reck’n there ‘asn’t been a fight’n in New York for over a year, now. None of ‘em baddies or super-creatures, or wha’ever you call ‘em.”“Aye, been really quiet, I’d say. Been real nice, actually; almost like it was b’fore all ‘em super-people and wha’ not started poppin’ up.”“Yeah, f’r once we don’ hafta be cleanin’ up after the mess them makes, whe’ever we come inta port.”“An’ no one’s gone an’ b’en killed now, neither. At least not aside from th’usual; guns and stabbins and whatnot.”“Aye, real sad when it’s a good thing thems are th’ only reasons people are dyin’.”“What’s that Tony Stark doin’ nowadays anyway? Wasn’t he like, all em’s leader or sumthing’? What’s he doin’ now there’s barely any baddies to go after?”“Well ‘e is in charge of his daddy’s company, now i’nt he? I s’pose ‘e’s actually makin’ it profitable. Hafta keep the money comin’ if ‘e wants’ta be fightin’ baddies. ‘Sides, it’s not like there aint no baddies no more – they just don’t come much ‘round ‘ere.”“Yeah, well I think –.”A loud bang was heard as someone dropped a tub of fish on the ship’s deck, and with disgruntled swears the two men dropped their brooms and went off to clean it up.Peter turned, stretching his limbs as he stepped down from his spot on the edge of the roof, secretly glad that the men had been interrupted. He wasn’t enjoying the topic of conversation much, anyway.By now it was late in the afternoon, and the wind had picked up into a steady gust. Clouds were rolling in from the east and Peter knew that they were going to be in for some rain; which meant it was time to leave. He had been caught in enough rainstorms recently, he’d rather try and see if he could make it home this time before he got soaked to the skin.Walking to the most secluded corner of the roof, Peter looked round for any sign that someone was watching. Finding himself at the moment alone, he lifted the hood of his sweater over his head, threw his leg over the side, and quickly began climbing down the brick wall.Once down, Peter kept close to the edge of the sidewalk, his hood pulled tightly around his head and hunched shoulders, avoiding the other pedestrians as they walked by. Everyone seemed to sense the approaching storm, and were rushing as frantically as they could to reach their destinations. Thankfully for Peter, that meant that no one was paying him much attention.Thunder rumbled in the distance and drops of rain began to fall. Stopping at a corner, Peter waited for the walking signal to turn on.Then suddenly, there was a shout.Peter looked up, his eyes catching sight of two men in masks running out of and away from a small store, their arms filled with bags of cash. One of the store’s staff was standing with his foot out the door and yelling after them, blood running down the front of his white apron, pleading for help from anyone nearby.“Stop them! Please, somebody stop them! Somebo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Homeless Peter Parker
Amnesia
Suicidal Thoughts
Peter is no longer Spider-Man
Biological Webbing
Enhanced Spider-Powers
Enhanced Powers
Peter is important
very important
Depression
issues of self-worth
Watchers
Action
Hurt/Comfort
injured peter
Quiet Peter
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers - Freeform
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes - Freeform
Peter Parker & Tony Stark - Freeform
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Angry Peter
BAMF Peter
Memory Loss
Loss of Memory
Peter Is Alone
alone peter
The green goblin - Freeform
forgotten peter
Peter is forgotten

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

