Chapter 1



Notes:
So this fic is taking inspiration from a bunch of Marvel sources, including the comic books and movies, so please don’t expect the timeline to make much sense to the canon in any way. I’m sorry, I'm a mess.It's also kiiinda inspired in spirit by a soul-bonding fic I read ages ago, and I thought these two idiots would make the perfect pair for this story.Anyway, I hope you enjoy! Happy reading~

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter’s phone vibrated in his back pocket and he quickly juggled around the pile of books in his hands to grab it. He answered the phone without really looking at who was calling, not that it was even necessary to check because he only knew one person who would have set his ringtone to ‘Piece of Me’ by Britney Spears.“Wade I’ve told you like a million times not to touch my phone.” Peter didn’t even bother to say hello.“Aw but sweetums, I just wanted to remind you who you want a piece of every time I call.” Deadpool’s adoring voice poured through his speaker.Peter rolled his eyes, fully aware that Wade couldn’t see them through the phone. “Yeeeeeah so, what do you want?”Deadpool made a loud noise of fake outrage. “Do I really need a reason to call my favourite arachnid themed superhero and best buddy in the world?”“I guess not. It’s just that your phone calls usually end with some misguided adventure and the distinct possibility of me being tied up in a warehouse somewhere.” Peter ducked into a small side alley to avoid any of their conversation being overheard.“Well you know I’d be quite happy to tie you up in the comfort of your own home, but you seem to need the excuse of a mission, so who am I to say no.”Peter snorted into the phone but chose to ignore the comment. “So, if you don’t have a real reason to call me, I’m going to assume that you’re bored, and if you’re bored that means you have free time, and if you have free time it means you can help me out with some patrols tonight, right?”Deadpool gasped on the other side of the line. “Why Spidey, are you asking me to spend the night with you on the dark secluded rooftops of New York, just the two of us?”“I don’t know how you manage to make a night sitting out in the freezing cold waiting for bad guys to try and kill us sound romantic, but somehow you always manage.” Peter tried to sound as exasperated as possible, only the grin on his face seemed to contradict his tone.“It’s a talent. Plus, any night spent with you and that magnificent ass is romantic.”“Seriously, we’ve been doing patrols together for like a year, I thought you’d be over this by now.” Peter shook his head, securing his books under his arm as they began to slip.“Exactly, it’s been nearly a year and still nothing. I don’t even know your name yet, you’re so damn stingy. I bare my soul to you on a regular basis and I’m rewarded with nothing but mistrust and secrecy.” Wade let out a very convincing heartbroken sigh.“Yeah yeah whatever, are you in or not?”“Duh. See you in the usual spot around 21:00? You bring the heroics, I’ll bring the katanas and comic relief.”“See ya.” Peter let out another chuckle as he hung up, sliding the phone back into his pocket and readjusting the books in his arms.He’d have to haul ass if he wanted to make it in time for dinner with aunt May, and still get home after to grab his suit and meet Wade for patrol. Juggling college, life, and being Spider-Man was kind of a bitch sometimes, but he made it work.It still caught him off guard how much he enjoyed spending time with the ex-merc, and current pain in his ass. When Wade had decided to stop ‘professionally un-aliving people’ for a living, he had also decided to adopt Spider-Man as his full-time mentor, which meant that over the last 10 months they had been spending increasing amounts of time together.At first it had been unbearably annoying, and Peter had almost enlisted the help of Dr Strange in order to create some kind of magical muzzle that would stop the constant onslaught of ass-themed puns. But as the months went on Peter had come to learn a lot more about Wade Wilson himself, not just as Deadpool, and slowly but surely it stopped feeling like he was taking care of an untrained Labrador puppy, and more like he was getting to fight bad guys on a daily basis with a good friend.He’d be lying if he said he wasn’t aware how uncomfortable the Avengers were with his relationship with the former killer for hire, and Tony had warned him on more than one occasion that nothing good could come of it, but Peter was a big boy now, and he could make his own decisions.***It was around 21:45 when Peter began to worry about Deadpool’s whereabouts. He definitely wasn’t the most reliable person in the universe, but he wasn’t usually one to be late for a meeting with Spider-ManPeter was about to call him when he suddenly began to feel a weird tingling sensation in the pit of his stomach. It wasn’t his Spidey sense, although that wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Peter and Wade do an oopsie and bond by accident
Mental Health Issues
Panic Attacks
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff and Angst
Not Canon Compliant
Many Avengers Cameos
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

