Work Text:
-= LP =- Paper Promises -= LP =- It never ends till the end, then you start again That's just the way of the world That's just the way of the world – Sabrina Carpenter, “Thumbs” -= LP =- “Sir, I am registering an activation of the ANA protocols.” “Location?” Tony was already moving from the circuitry work he had been doing to a holoscreen terminal. If something had activated ANA, then something was breaching the outermost layer of JARVIS’ firewalls. As J provided most of the firewall protection for all of Stark Industries and its subsidiaries, a breach couldn’t mean anything good. He still ended up staring at the screen for a long moment in confusion. “J? When did we get a farm or database in DC? I thought Rhodey nixed that idea.” “Colonel Rhodes does have many of the organizations of the city on the Priority A list. However, after my installation into the Helicarrier’s database during Loki’s incursion, I felt it prudent to continue my investigatory measures. As a gesture of good will, I also allowed ANA to shore up the protections of key locations.” “One of which is in DC?” “The Triskelion, Sir. It serves as one of the more important bases for SHIELD. ANA has been tracking accesses since her implementation that while authorized and routine do appear unorthodox. Today’s access meets the threshold necessitating human intervention.” “I recognize this hacking style,” Tony announced, having been reviewing the ongoing attack. Though he would admit that word wasn’t very accurate. It was a prefabricated worm that gathered everything with the parameters given to it and sent it to a new location. He had written better version while asleep when he was in high school. The greenest SHIELD grad from SciOps could probably write better. It didn’t change the fact that Tony recognized this particular way of hacking. “That’s Nat’s style. And she’s using biometric permissions from Fury and Pierce. Why did ANA flag this?” “It appears that Ms. Romanoff is copying files and decrypting them far above what her security clearance would normally allow.” There was a pause, pregnant with potential. Tony paused in his rapid typing and swiping, sensing that JARVIS had something he was uncertain about adding. Just as he was about to prompt the AI, JARVIS spoke again. “Sir, Ms. Romanoff is in the process of uploading the entirety of SHIELD’s operational files onto publicly accessible servers, particularly those connected to Twitter and Wikipedia. There are no indications of curation beyond the mass decryption.” “Oh, shit,” Tony said, unable to even breathe as the ramifications hit him. Unable to stop it, his lightning fast mind had already calculated the potential impact. It was Not Good (capitalization fucking necessary). “Can we—we need to—we have to—J.” “ANA is currently scrubbing personnel files of familial contacts and removing inactive agents from the release, but Sir, the files are already being accessed, including current and ongoing operations. Permission to deploy the Iron Legion for the purposes of extraction?” “Yes, god, yes,” Tony replied. It did little to settle the sickening swirl in his stomach, but at least he could breathe again. He may not particularly like SHIELD and found their methods to be heavy-handed and more than a bit rapey, but the thought of all those people who were being put unsuspectedly in harm’s way when their missions were already dangerous enough, well, it actually hurt a bit. Rhodey had always been the idealist, full of long lectures about the power of togetherness that being part of an organization. Tony ran his fingers through his hair several times only end up scrubbing his face with them, unable to reconcile the betrayal of that ideal with the woman who had judged him ‘not a team player’. “J, can you get me onto any active SHIELD comms outside of known SHIELD bases? They deserve to know that their ops just went to shit.” “Right away, Sir.” JARVIS threw up a counter in the corner of the main screen. Unable to just do nothing, Tony returned to helping ANA curate as many personnel files as possible. Some names caught his eye, but the sheer volume of them left him very little time check if Barton related to his favorite archer or if Jones and Falsworth were Howlies like he suspected. The way his stomach lurched at multiple instances of the names Carter, Jarvis, and Wilkins was bad enough because he knew for certain those were probably people he had known personally. When the counter dropped a notch, JARVIS interrupted the increasingly frantic work. “Sir, I suggest doing your announcement in batches. We just lost a ground team.” “Okay, baby boy,” Tony agreed, barely pausing. “Patch me through.” “You’re live, Sir.” “Agents of SHIELD, this is Iron Man. For some unknown reason, Black Widow and Fury have elected to dump the operational files uncurated onto the open web. I have no intel on why the fuck they thought this was a good idea, but consider your ops sandwiched. Un-ass or whatever lingo you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Coda
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
info dump
Canon-Typical Violence
Violence towards Non-combatants
Non-Corporeal Sentient Beings
Non-Organic Sentient Beings
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Not Nick Fury Friendly
Because of Canon & Logic

fandom: 
None
