Chapter 1: Robots
    


Summary:

Peter has always been a hard worker no matter what even when the odds are stacked against him



Notes:
Chapter one is edited!!!




Chapter Text
At the age of six Peter Parker already knew he wanted to do great things, and one of those things was building the world largest robot, which he soon grow to realize would probably not be possible, but none the less the young boy had a dream. Now his mother, Mary Parker found it to be absurd, not because he wanted to build a large robot but because he's an omega. It was always put upon him that should find traditional omega things fun and interesting. His father used to buy him baby dolls only for Peter to later hide them away under his bed and sometimes just use them to play with robots. He would go over to his friend's house and see how they loved doing "omegan things" with their omegan parents like cooking, cleaning, and taking care of babies something he couldn't see himself doing. His mother would always chastise him for not "participating in proper activities for an omega" of his age, but Peter knew wanted to learn how to bake a pie or saddle a baby or even know how to bat his eyes just enough to attract some alpha. None of that appealed to him and oddly enough he wasn't fully aware of his passion until one day when he stayed over Uncle Ben's and Aunt May's.He couldn't sleep so he slide out of bed and followed his uncles heavy alpha scent to the man's workshop. He opened the door to see Ben hunched over something working with Google's on his face and brown, already graying hair pushed back.  Peter walked in, a tiny little ten-year-old in complete awe by it all. Ben looked over at him ready to send him back to bed. "Can I see?" Peter asked, his eyes wide and ready to explore whatever he could get his little hands on. Ben was certainly confused. He never met an omega who wanted to watch him work on a robot. He smiled at the little face in front of him. "How about you help me out?" Peter's eyes go wide. "Really?" "Yeah, " Ben answers. "Come here." He placed goggles on Peter and told him not to touch anything. Peter asked so many questions Uncle Ben could only answer the young boy by letting him just be hands on and that was the start of the young omegas love for mechanics in all. When he arrived back to his parent's house he immediately begged his father to buy him a robotics set and when Richard became exhausted by he gave in and bought one for the excited little omega. Peter made his first miniature robot he named Rose. It was just a play robot, nothing really spectacular, but to ten-year-old Peter it was. He showed his mother who was actually impressed, and his father who congratulated him. And when he showed Uncle Ben he showed Peter how to make Rose even better by adding small wheels at the bottom of her metal feet. And Aunt May took a picture of Peter with Rose and posted it on the fridge. Peter felt accomplished but then he made the mistake of bringing her to school for show and tell. He showed the class how she worked and how used a remote to control her movements. He loved this robot and then at recess his happiness ended. He was hanging out with his friends Michelle Jones, also known as MJ but that's later on in life and with Ned who was trying to steal Michelle's extra Oreos when Flash came over with his little posse. Alpha children were usually always aggressive. They rough housed and played  physical games such as wrestling. Peter always prided himself on not being afraid to play dirty but alphas were physically stronger, biologically. Many times they, more specifically Flash, would try to be a bit too rough and  Peter didn't want to go home with a broken nose and he most defiently did not want his mother to freak out.He watched as Flash approached him wrecking of mischief. Peter held Rose close. "What do you want Flash?" Michelle asked with hands on her hips. "Like I care about you little omegas!" Flash yelled. Ned looks up with his eyebrows knitted together. "I'm a beta." Flash glared and then directed his eyes to Rose. Peter quickly stood only for Flash to launch at him and grab her away. Peter tried to get her back with the help of Ned and Michelle but Flash and his little friends started to throw Rose around, from one person to another like a game of hot potato. Peter watched as Flash threw her towards blonde girl with pigtails. Peter tried to intercept it only for him and the girl not catch Rose, and her metal boy laid in pieces on the colored cement of the playground. Flash looked wide-eyed before running away with his friends, leaving Peter with the damage. Peter tried to fix Rose but always messed up but it never made him give up his dream of becoming a Robotics Engineer. At the age of fourteen, while all the other Omega's joined cooking class and all the other home ec classes, Peter and MJ went into science classes and mostly alpha dominated classes. Peter's first day of auto class wasn't necessarily hard
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Mpreg
Underage Drinking
Fluff and Angst
Light Smut
Drunk Sex
One Night Stands
Postpartum Depression
Antepartum depression
Age Difference
Body Image
Body Worship
Scent Marking
Scenting
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Discrimination
Peter is 18
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Tony is 38
tony is not the father
peter is pregnant by someone else
don't complain about it to me
you know what you got in to
tony is still a good dad
Emotional Hurt
intersex omega

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)

