Work Text:

Pepper strode into the common area with all the fury of a demon, carefully wrapped in a tailored suit and six inch heels. In her hands, she held a sheaf of papers, blood red nails contrasting nicely with the black and white stack.

 

“Pepper!” Rogers greeted when the elevator doors opened.

 

“That’s Ms. Potts to you and your… 

team

,” Her distaste was evident in her tone. 

 

“Tony is downstairs in the lab,” Romanoff said angrily. FRIDAY had filled her in on all of the Rogues’ attempts to break into Tony’s lab (which was locked up tighter than the Raft) during their weekly bitching session.

 

“I’m not here for Tony,” Pepper replied coolly. “I have deliveries for all of you.”

 

Barton scoffed. “Do you have any self-respect?” he sneered. “I thought you were his CEO, not his messenger girl.”

 

Pepper smiled, the predator smile she used on board members and investors who thought it’d be a good idea to fuck with her. “I volunteered for this,” she smirked. “I think that I’m going to enjoy this a lot.”

 

The room collectively flinched back, though it was more noticeable in some than in others. Pepper couldn’t blame them, though; she knew she was intimidating. They all had no doubt heard stories about Extremis, and just this once, she missed the simmering feeling of it under her skin. The Rogues would probably listen to her if she could melt their faces off with a touch, she reasoned. She didn’t have armor like Tony’s (although he 

had 

been trying to get her into something called Rescue), but her Armani suit would have to do.

 

To start off the process, she turned her wolf smile on Wilson. “Sam Wilson,” she announced, handing him a stack of papers off the top of her pile. “Consider this your formal notice; SI is suing you for property damage and theft. The so-called ‘Falcon Wings’ were an SI project, property of Tony Stark. You not only took them, but damaged them beyond repair. In addition, the UN would like to inform you that you are not considered a good candidate for the New Avengers. You have thirty days to vacate UN housing. You will also be required to pay a portion of damages for the destruction done at Leipzig-Halle. The UN has an estimate, they will be in touch.”

 

Throughout her speech, Wilson had gotten paler and paler. “Is that everything?” he replied weakly. 

 

Pepper nodded. “I’ll have an assistant contact you on the court date,” she replied. She ignored the protests of the other Rogues, instead addressing the next name on her list. “Scott Lang,” she said. “Pym Technologies 

will 

be pressing charges for theft, defamation, and destruction of property. They are taking back the ‘Ant-Man’ suit, so unless you have undisclosed abilities, you are no longer being considered for the New Avengers. Please leave the UN facilities by thirty days from now. You will also be required to pay for Leipzig-Halle, the UN will reach out with their estimate,” Pepper’s face took on a more sympathetic cast. “The courts have also decided to limit your visitation with Cassandra Lang, citing potential danger with you being a fugitive combined with breaking your parole. You can appeal this, but I doubt you’ll win.” Pepper felt sorry for Lang, she really did, but it was his choice to leave his family for Captain Righteous, damn the consequences.

 

Lang didn’t respond beyond a sad nod before walking out of the room. Pepper had no doubt that he was going to cry in private and, truly, she didn’t blame him. Showing weakness in front of the Rogues was like hopping in a shark tank covered in blood.

 

“Clint Barton,” Pepper said next. “First, I have divorce papers for you from Laura. She got full custody in absentia and requests that you don’t contest it,” Barton paled and was likely about to spit vitriol at her, but she held up one delicate hand and continued. “SI is suing you as well for theft and property damage; your bow and arrows were all SI designed and manufactured and are the legal property of Tony Stark. After careful consideration, the UN has deemed you an acceptable candidate for the New Avengers, provided you pass a psych eval and remain well-behaved during your probationary period. The UN has also found your impact on Leipzig-Halle to be negligible, so you don’t owe damages for that.” Barton got an angry look on his face at that, which Pepper wholly understood; she was calling him basically useless, after all. “Vision will also be suing for assault.”

 

“That’s not fair!” he said hotly. “Stark can’t keep me from my kids!” Barton stood up, hands clenched into fists.

 

“Tony is doing nothing of the sort,” she replied, voice icy. Her heart was racing just a little; threats of physical violence has always unsettled her. “Laura chose this on her own, and politely requests that you respect it. Now, sit back down before I call security.” 

 

Romanoff shot her an unreadable look and pulled Barton back down. Pepper sent her a tight smile in response.

 

“Natasha Romanoff,” she said, foc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange (minor)

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
BAMF Pepper Potts
Not Steve Friendly
Team Iron Man
Consequences
legal action

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange (minor)

