Work Text:
You’d be surprised by just how bored a billionaire could get.
It was a lie when people said, “money isn’t all it’s cracked up to be” or that it couldn’t buy happiness. Money had bought Tony plenty of happiness. It was what came after the happiness that money couldn’t seem to fix. The boredom was a lot harder to satiate.
In the ten years since Google bought his voice-controlled personal assistant app, JARVIS, Tony had come up with all sorts of creative ways to spend his multi-billion dollar fortune. You name it, he’d done it; property investing, lavish vacations, excessive philandering, buying shit no one would ever need ever, especially him. Tony had spent the past decade buying every single thing that’d caught his eye, and he hadn’t made so much as a noticeable dent in his bank account.
So naturally his tastes became more…exotic. Suddenly it wasn’t about the high-class hotel rooms, but the people in them - it wasn’t about the ivory towers, it was about the incredibly talented escorts he filled them with.
Tony discovered a whole new side of himself that completely surprised him. Maybe it was the result of going so many years without needing to work for anything, but his sexual kinks gradually became darker and darker until only one thing was able to get him off - control. Being in control of another person, having them completely at his mercy, was easily the hottest thing Tony could think of, and nothing better captured that feeling than kidnapping.
Not real kidnapping, mind you - roleplay. It was a devastatingly-sultry temptress in Thailand who first suggested it, when she leaned against him in a hotel bar and whispered in his ear, “Why don’t you tie me up and carry me to your room?” Tony nearly came in his pants right there, imagining doing such a thing, following her into a bathroom and restraining her hands so he could do whatever he wanted to her. It was some of the best sex he’d ever had in his life, and it was all because he was in complete control, the whole time. Coming down from that kind of power-high had taken him months.
And regular, “vanilla” sex was never the same, so that was how Tony ended up here, on this crappy dirt road filled with potholes and weeds, waiting for his next “client.” The freezing temperature and dreary weather annoyed him, but the weekend promised to be very fulfilling - or at least interesting - so it didn’t darken his mood too much.
The website was easily the best idea he’d ever had, second only to JARVIS, of course. After months of hit-and-misses with his sexual conquests not always being interested in his dream roleplay, Tony stopped trying to get his rocks off “in the wild” altogether and set up a website to find the perfect partners for his kink. Advertising to the BDSM community made everything a lot easier too, and thanks to that, he’d never been short on clients.
Some clients were shy newbies who only wanted an hour or two of fun, and some, like the one he was currently waiting for, were total freaks seeking to be completely dehumanized.
This guy, “John” (probably not his real name) wanted the full treatment. When they started messaging each other last week, Tony was instantly intrigued by the very similar taste in roleplay they had. John wanted things that made Tony’s mouth water just thinking about them.
The plan was for Tony to play the role of the helpless passerby, stuck on the side of the road due to car trouble. John, anytime now, was supposed to be “jogging by” in a red and gold tracksuit, notice Tony’s trouble, and stop to ask if he needs any help. The plan from there was to chloroform him (his request specifically), drive him up to the lodge outside of town Tony rented, and keep him until his mind “broke” (again, his request).
Needless to say, as a man who loved the idea of having complete control, who got off on the idea of having absolute power over another human being, Tony had been fucking sold. He told all his friends he was going on another extravagant vacation and that he’d call when he could, but not to worry if they didn’t hear from him for awhile. John, likewise, assured him he’d taken off more than enough vacation days to ensure Tony gave him the “full experience,” to have his way with him as many times as it took until he broke.
John didn’t even want Tony to know what he looked like. The most information he’d given him was “brunette,” which, really, was only about 80% of the entire human race. The man even wanted to make up a whole new identity, play the authenticity game, which Tony was more than fine with. Pretending this whole thing was real was what made it exciting, after all.
Tony was more than a little curious what kind of person his brunette kidnappee would be. He was bound to be more than a little interesting, given the kind of treatment he’d asked for, but Tony couldn’t help but wonder what kind of character he’d be playing. The morally-upright family man, taken during his early-morning jog before work? The stubborn young 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Kink Negotiation Gone Wrong
BDSM
Not Safe Sane and Consensual
Non-Consensual Spanking
Forced Relationship
Misunderstandings
Rape Roleplay
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

