Chapter 1: Begone Thots
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Boss, it appears you have visitors.”

“Um, I’m not expecting anyone. Who is it?”

“The old Avengers, boss.” 

Tony choked on his coffee and yelped, “What?! Why are they here? They're criminals!”

“It appears they are not, boss. The got pardoned four days ago by the Accords Committee.” There was a beat of silence as Tony drew into himself. 


Holy Fucking Shit. What the fuck am I supposed to do? Why are they even here?



Ok, Deep Breaths. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. 


“All right Fri, send ‘em up.”
 
————————-
 
“I’m not sure he’ll be happy to see us, Cap.” There was a slight jolt as the elevator containing the Rogues started upwards. Bucky and Scott shot nervous glances at each other, they were thinking exactly what Natasha had said. Sam, standing beside them, looked equally as worried, nervously awaiting Stark’s reaction.                     

“Nat, relax. It’ll be fine. I’m sure he was practically dying waiting for us to return.” Steve’s chuckle did little to calm the tense atmosphere that enveloped the Rogue Avengers during the short ride up to Tony. When the elevator stopped at the 63rd floor.

”Why are we stopping at Clint’s floor?” Natasha wondered aloud.

“Please exit the elevator. You may place you bags in the hallway and enter the office. Refrain from going elsewhere for now.” Came Friday's voice over the intercom. The team did as they were told, (a rare occurrence) and entered the office where they found Tony hard at work.  The engineer looked up abruptly.

“What are you doing here?” 

The question is hard, sharp. Steve winces at the defensive tone in Stark’s voice. “We came home, Tony.” His lopsided smile meets cold, unflinching eyes. Only Natasha (Trained spy), Clint (Also spy), and Wanda (Mind reader) knew he was feeling afraid. 

“Yeah, no. This isn’t your home. I received no word that you were coming, not that that would have changed anything, also, did you even 

sign

 the accords?”

“Of course we did. Got pardoned and everything, no thanks to you, Stark.” Clint snapped, not liking the doubt that filtered through Tony’s voice. “So, what have you done to my floor?”

“

Your floor

 has been renovated into my main office, it was time for an upgrade anyway.”

Steve frowned at this; where was Clint supposed to stay? When he voiced his concern Tony gave him a pitying glance, as if he wasn’t getting something. “You don’t get what I’m saying do you Rogers? 

You guys don’t live here

. This is not your home, okay? So here’s what’s going to happen; you are going to leave and not come back until there is an arrangement set up via the Accords Council because that’s the only reason I’m going to interact with any of you.”

Wanda scoffed, “Really? You really haven’t changed at all, Stark. Is your ego still clouding your judgement? I’m surprised you can fit through that door given how big you head is.”

“Wow, that insult was so lame. That’s the best you could come up with? It’s almost like you haven’t had a high school education. Oh wait.” Wanda and Clint both had to be held back as they started towards Tony. They were both rewarded when Tony took a panicked step backwards. “Yeah that’s enough of that. FRIDAY? Light of my life, please direct Rodgers and his crew out. Oh, except you, Mr Lang, I have a message for you.”

“Anything you want to say to him, you can say in front of the rest of us.” Clint hissed at the billionaire. Beside him, Steve nodded and crossed his arms. 

“Well, considering this message is from Ms Van Dyne, is that a sentiment you share, Mr Lang?” Tony had decided to give Lang a chance based on Hope’s description of him. 
“Uh, I think I would rather hear this in private, I’ll be fine guys, just wait outside please.” The Rogues angrily filed out of the room, a few throwing glances at Tony, and Steve giving him a hopeful smile, one he did not return. 

Once they had all left Tony broke the silence, “Hi, I believe we were never formally introduced. I’m Tony.” Most of his hostile body language melted away, leaving only his (justified) unease showing.

“Uh, Scott.”

”So, Scott, I have some stuff to go over with you. Hope, though I have no idea why, has pleaded your case. Did you read the accords before you went to fight with Rogers?” A shake of the head was all the confirmation Tony needed to continue, “Well that’s awkward. So, on those grounds Hope has been pushing for a lighter sentence for you. Tonight you will stay at Hank Pym’s house, courtesy of Pym himself. When you are there, I believe she has lots to go over with you, but I think the gist is custody of the suit, and your daughter. That’s it, as far as I’m concerned, you’re free to go.”

”Wow, thank you Tony, thanks so much! I, uh- yeah.” And with at, the man awkwardly stumbled out of the room, to busy thinking about Cassie and Hope to notice the fond smile Tony was giving him. He didn’t really have anything against Scott, and k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Steve Rodgers (One Sided)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
not team Cap friendly
Will tag warnings as I go
Spider Son and Iron Dad
The Rogues come back
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
I wanna fight the Rougues
beter barker
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
a good boi
johnnys cute too
scott is an idiot but kinda not?
Fluff
very fluff
also
Threats
to make you leave kudos
thats my strategy
not good writing
but threats
This is gonna suck let’s go

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Steve Rodgers (One Sided)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

