Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Hey Mr. Stark?"
"Hmm?"
"I think this guy likes me. How can I tell?"Tools clattered to the workbench with a metallic clang and Tony quickly looked up from where he was working.
"Uh, well, what makes you think he likes you?" Tony asked, swallowing down a twinge of jealousy.
"Well… He says things like 'that's not just my gun in pocket' and 'I don't need a knife to rearrange your guts'," Peter said with a blush. Tony turned his full attention on Peter.
"This guy sounds violent, how do you know him? Is this a Spiderman friend or a Peter friend? How often do you see him?" Tony started shooting off rapid-fire questions at Peter.
Peter cleared his throat and took a few steps away from Tony subconsciously. He let out a little laugh and kept his gaze on the machinery he was working on."Uh, he's a Spiderman friend and he's… Just eccentric, he's not really dangerous. Unless you're a bad guy," he added with a smile. Tony stood up slowly, taking a step closer to Peter.
"Well, how old is he? Has he ever touched you?"
Peter coughed and rounded the end of the work table away from Tony."He-he's, I don't know, in his thirties maybe?" Peter said quietly. Tony's eyes went wide and he carefully asked, "you don't think that's… maybe a little too old for you?" He watched Peter's face carefully as he said it. Peter took a few steps farther away and his face continued burning, but his eyebrows began knotting together in what could have been annoyance. He finally put his tools down and stood up straight to face Tony."You know, we don't really have to talk about it, I should have just kept it to myself, Mr. Stark," he said, voice even."Now, wait a minute, I want to talk about this! You didn't answer my question," Tony said, crossing his arms over his chest. Peter sighed. "What question?"
"Well, has he ever touched you? You have some adult man making sexual references at you and you want me to just forget about it?" Peter turned away from Tony and walked toward the other end of the bench, picking at some exposed wiring on a discarded robotic arm."It's fine Mr. Stark. We've been talking for a while now and I was actually thinking about, you know… maybe hooking up with him. Tonight." He moved his eyes to scan Tony's face as he said it. Tony's eyes opened wide and his jaw dropped slightly before he could reign his emotions back in.
"W-wait, Peter!" He cried, finding it hard to hide the desperation in his voice. "What if this guy's a psycho? What if he hurts you? I mean, w-what about m-" Peter cut him off.
"It's ok, Mr. Stark, I'm not a baby. I'll be fine." He turned and started walking toward the nearest exit.
"Wait!" Tony cried again, rushing after Peter. He caught his forearm firmly but gently and turned him back around to face him.
"Peter, I… I thought…" his voice trailed off before he could finish. Peter's face turned questioning as he looked at his older mentor.
"Thought what, Mr. Stark?”
"Well I… I thought you had a crush on me?" He finally managed in a tiny voice, sounding vulnerable. Peter's face turned crimson and he coughed out a laugh, casting his eyes to the floor.
"I didn't know you knew about that," Peter whispered shyly. "Don't worry Mr. Stark, I know you don't want me like that. I was young, just a kid. I know better now. At least this guy's interested, right?" He tried to awkwardly joke. Tony floundered for a moment, then he let go of Peter's wrist.
"But… I know you're not a kid anymore, Pete... Is this going to be your first time?" Tony asked quietly. Peter nodded, still not meeting the older man's eyes.
"Well, I mean.… Why not me?" Tony asked pleadingly, trying to meet Peter's gaze. Peter's head popped up and his jaw dropped slightly. He didn't answer for a moment.
"…Really?" He asked, almost disbelievingly. Tony swallowed and nodded, his heart beginning to thump harder with excitement. After a moment Peter's face broke into a wide grin and he quickly rushed forward, closing the distance that was between them, leaning up and pressing their lips together eagerly. Tony quickly gripped Peter just below his ass, pulling him off his tiptoes and lifting him into the air. Peter immediately wrapped his legs around Tony's waist, grinding his hardening erection into the man's stomach. Tony loosed a groan and hurriedly began walking toward the elevator that would lead them to his bedroom. He slapped at the buttons on the panel and pressed Peter into the wall, delighting in the teens' sloppy, inexperienced kisses.
When the elevator door dinged open again, he quickly began walking toward his bedroom, pushing the door opened and tossing Peter onto his large soft bed. Peter bounced with delight, squealing and giggling, and Tony drank in the sight of the teen.
He'd wanted to see Peter like this for so long; eyes alive with electricity and soft curls wild about his head. He glowed rose gold in his excitement. He slowly crawled toward him, sliding his fingertips under his cotton t-shirt and sliding it up as he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Wade Wilson
Tony Stark/Wade Wilson
Tony Stark & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
First Time
First Time Bottoming
Rough Sex
Teen Peter Parker
Bruises
Casual Sex
Possessive Tony Stark
Starkerpool
Consensual Sex
Multiple Partners
Sharing
Starker
Unprotected Sex
Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Deepthroating
Polyamory
Polyamorous Character
Edgeplay
Daddy Kink
Developing Relationship
Porn With Plot
Infidelity
Cheating
Dubious Consent
Accidental Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Dirty Talk
Nightmares
Bigotry & Prejudice
Internalized Homophobia
Homophobia
Verbal Abuse
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Physical Abuse
Trauma
implied promiscuity
Touch-Starved
Sexual Abuse
Harassment
Violence
Sexual Violence
Rape/Non-con Elements
Depression
Anxiety
OOC
Watersports
graphic description of rape
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Character Death
Minor Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Original Character(s)
Hook-Up
First Dates
Setting Boundaries

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Wade Wilson
Tony Stark/Wade Wilson
Tony Stark & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wade Wilson

