Work Text:
By the time the boys reached the bank at mid-afternoon, there were three updates to Harley Keener’s Instagram story.
The first one was a selfie. He was in his pyjamas, his hair was a mess and there were deep purple bags under his eyes. The text first gave the time, and then said ‘HOW???’ with a pointed arrow at the woman standing behind him. Pepper Potts, at seven-fifty-four in the morning, looked immaculate in her pristine white dress and blazer, a briefcase in hand as she was about to walk out the door.
The second update showed Tony Stark, Harley’s temporary guardian while he stayed in New York for school, busying himself with a notebook and his illegible scrawl. On the table in front of him, at which Harley was also sitting, there was a stack of Dungeons and Dragons manuals in different shades, a velvet bag spilling out dice and a pile of miniature figurines of the groups’ characters.
The third was a video, slightly shaky in Harley’s hand.
“I’m gonna die,” Ned Leeds moaned, eyes wide, as he stared at the battle map spread out on the table.
“You’re gonna be fine,” MJ said, Harley spinning the camera quickly to get her in shot.
“I’m gonna die,” Ned repeated.
“You’re gonna be fine,” MJ shot back.
“It’s a cannonball,” Peter interjected, and Harley moved the camera to catch Peter, sitting opposite, gesturing to the battle map, with its crude pirate ship drawing. “That’s 8d10 damage on a hit.”
There was a pause. Harley moved the camera back to MJ.
“You’re gonna die,” she said, and Ned whimpered.
 
*
 
They were at the bank because Harley had just had his birthday and his mom had sent him a cheque he needed to cash in. He knew his mom was a little embarrassed by having sent a cheque, when Harley was living with a billionaire, but he couldn’t blame her – they’d never been close enough for her to know what he liked, and he’d been gone for a year, so she wouldn’t have known anyway.
Peter came along because it was rare that they did anything without the other anymore. Peter was attached to Harley’s hip, but Harley was the one that glued him there.
“We’re so lucky we’d visited a temple recently,” Peter said as they passed through the threshold of the bank. “If we hadn’t, Bjork would be dead right now.”
Harley hummed his agreement and moved into the line. There were a few people ahead of them, and he patted his pocket, confirming that the cheque was still there.
“We’re luckier we all rolled well,” Harley replied. “The pink dice were one bad roll away from dice jail-”
“Even so, you shouldn’t have risked Bjork’s life on the pink dice.”
Harley shrugged. “I like the pink dice.”
“I can’t believe Ned’s playing a Gnome Barbarian now,” Peter said, cracking a smile and shaking his head. “That’s such a ridiculous image.”
Harley snorted. “I’ll miss him being a Goliath. Aerelm was down to fuck Bjork when he was massive.”
Peter’s laugh was loud in the quiet of the bank, and he pulled his lips together in a tight line when people looked.
Their fortnightly D&D session had gone as well as planned, despite one of the demon pirates’ cannonballs landing a hit on Bjork. He insta-died when the damage was so massive that it reached his health point maximum in negative numbers.
(On Peter’s Instagram story, there was a photo of Ned, frozen in utter despair, and giant letters that wrote ‘RIP BJORK’ across his face.)
“MJ was so excited for Bjork and Aerlem to date,” Peter commented, taking a step as the queue moved. “She was planning to draw a whole lot of porn about them.”
Harley laughed. “A Half Orcs and a Goliath? Hot.”
Despite everything, when the four of them made their characters for Tony Stark’s epic adventure, they’d all been incredibly adamant that their characters were hot.
Harley’s Aerelm Harda, the Half Orc Fighter, was just angry hot and kind of green, was all. Ned’s single-named Bjork was a seven-foot tall stacked Goliath Barbarian (with such low charisma that it was a marvel he could even speak) who could, in Ned’s words, “totally pull”. MJ’s character was a winged Aasimir Ranger called Finnia Amara Miralee Faynore, and apparently, “the hottest person any of you have ever seen”, while Peter’s Water Genasi Warlock, Cayde Tempest, was just “every day average hot, you know? Like, you’d see him in a club and fuck him, but he’s not a supermodel or anything”.
Tony was both proud of them all and exasperated at all times.
The queue moved forward another step, and Harley looked over to Peter just in time to see his eyes open wide and his body stiffen.
“What’s-”
Peter yanked on Harley’s arm, pulling them out of the queue, just in time for the front doors to slam open. Harley didn’t get a glimpse of whoever walked in, but he heard the shocked gasps, and saw people stumble back.
He and Peter were already at the side of the room, Peter shoving him down behind a free-standing desk where an employee would usually stand.
“Money in the bags,” someone announced in a yell. The facts of the situation caught up with Harley in a heartbeat.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
D&D
Fluff
Also some pain
whatever
Language: English/Nerd
apparently my dnd nerd came out in this

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

