Chapter 1: the one with pre-labor fears
    


Summary:

prompt: OKAY SO THERE ISNT ENOUGH OF THESE (SORRY IF THIS IS WEIRD I KNOW NOT EVERYONE LIKES IT) BUT COULD YOU WRITE ONE WHERE BUCKY HELPS STEVE WHILE HE'S IN LABOR, BUT STEVE IS TO SCARED TO GO TO THE HOSPITAL SO BUCKY HAS TO CALL AN EMERGENCY MIDWIFE TO COME TO THEIR FLAT? AND MAYBE ADD IN SOME CUDDLES AND FLUFF? LOVE EVERYTHING Y'ALL DO!!



Notes:
hi ‘non, you’ve hit my fav thing to write - mpreg!! i headcanon that steve kinda hates hospitals bc of how sick he was when he was little. and bucky hates them bc of hydra obv. i’ll give you all the feels and fluff.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Bucky woke in the middle of the night to the hurt sounds of his mate whimpering beside him in bed. He rolled to his side, pressing his chest to Steve’s back, giving him soft kisses on his neck, over their bond mark. He could smell discomfort rolling off Steve in waves.
“Stevie,” Bucky murmured, part still asleep, but attentive nonetheless. “Hey, baby, what’s goin’ on, hm?”
Bucky could feel Steve trembling, breaths coming hard and fast.
“Think ‘m goin’ into labor,” Steve whispered.
And that woke Bucky all the way up. Now it made sense why his mate smelled distraught. Bucky bit down lightly on their bond mark to calm his sweetheart; he felt Steve relax a little against him. Bucky brought his flesh hand around Steve’s side, laying his palm on the underside of Steve’s belly. It struck him just then that this was really happening now. They were about to meet their pup. Bucky was gonna be a papa. He held Steve to him tighter, he was so overcome with feelings of love and happiness.
“Oh, honey,” Bucky said, rubbing Steve’s rounded tummy. “You know how far apart your contractions are?”
“Benn coming’ every fifteen minutes, just about,” replied Steve. Bucky felt him tense against him suddenly, inhaling sharply. He was working through another contraction.
“Okay, Stevie,” Bucky sat them up, spreading his legs to position Steve between them. Steve settled back against him, hands cradling his belly. Bucky brought his own hands down over Steve’s, both of them breathing through the contractions, holding each other and their pup.
After Steve had settled following another contraction, Bucky said, “You up to movin’, baby? We’ve got the overnight bag in the closet if -”
Bucky wasn’t even able to finish his sentence when Steve sprung from his grasp, moving off the bed with what should be too much agility for someone a full nine months pregnant. His hands were wrapped protectively over his bump, blue eyes wide and tear-filled.
“Buck, n-not the hospital, please.”
Bucky was anxious, what had gotten his baby so worked up? They had discussed having a hospital birth, Steve had said it would be fine.
“Sweetheart,” Bucky said, approaching him slowly, sitting on the edge of the bed and reaching for him. “You don’t wanna go the hospital?” Steve shook his head hard. “Alright, honey, i’ll call Bruce, he knows an emergency midwife, remember he told us? It’s alright, but I need you to talk to me. What’s got you upset, babydoll?”
“I’m scared, Buck,” Steve whimpered, coming forward to stand between Bucky’s spread legs, wrapping his arms around his shoulders. “Don’t like - they scare me, hospitals. What if they hurt our pup, Bucky? W-what if -” Steve was starting to break down. “The hospital couldn’t save my ma when she died, Bucky I’ll die if somethin’ happens to your baby, oh god.”
“Shhh, doll, don’t cry now, it’s okay,” Bucky pulled Steve down for a kiss, letting their lips linger together. “You’re my good omega, my sweetheart, I know you’d never let anything happen to our pup.” Bucky leaned down next to press an equally gentle kiss to Steve’s bump. “And you know I’d never let anything happen to either of you, don’t you, babydoll?”
Steve nodded, whispering a small uh huh. Bucky smiled up at his mate, grinning all the wider when he saw his baby give a small watery smile in return.
“Don’t you worry, now, sugar,” reassured Bucky, standing and taking Steve’s hand in his. He pressed their foreheads together and put their joined hands on Steve’s stomach. They felt their pup move. Not long now. “Now go on and run yourself a warm bath, I’ll be right there to help you through it the whole way, Stevie, my perfect little omega. I’m going to call Bruce, it’ll all be okay. Our pup is gonna be here soon.”
 




Notes:

this is the first thing i wrote for the blog kms lol.-han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve
Mpreg
pre-labor
Sexual Harassment
Implied/Referenced Sexual Harassment
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Kid Fic
Panic Attacks
a/b/o dynamics
Daddy Kink
Feminization
Depressed Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fluff
Bondmarks
Mirror Sex
Breeding Kink
Knotting
shrinkyclinks
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Nursing Kink
Lingerie
Breastfeeding
Sexual Roleplay
Dirty Talk
like seriously it's obscene
Filth
Crossdressing
Piss kink
Scent Marking
Watersports
kid!Peter
kid!Wanda
birth scene
graphic birth
Past Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
mentions of body horror
Captain America Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub Undertones
Oral Fixation
Cockwarming
Criminal Bucky Barnes
Sugar Baby Steve Rogers
Mentions of graphic violence
Anal Plug
Papa!Bucky
mama!steve
Nightmares
Cuddling
Nesting
Come Inflation
Pet Play
Mentions of miscarriage
Mating Cycles/In Heat
First Rut
first heat
Bathing/Washing
Winter Soldier Steve Rogers
big litter steve
literally they have six babies all at once
Codependency
Frottage
Grinding
Making Out
needy bucky
Friends to Lovers
Domestic Fluff
HYDRA Trash Party

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

