Work Text:
Factually speaking, an average size piece of standard printer paper should weigh around 4.5 grams.Peter cannot understand how the yellow sheet tucked between the notebooks has made his backpack grow 20 pounds heavier.Eight and a half inches by eleven, composed of wood, fiber, glue, and a million other things is shifting against the spirals of Peter’s books, corners folding against the suit shoved in the bottom of the bag.The suit. It’s only fitting the suit would rumple the fluorescent flyer, advertising a trip to the leading business in science and technology, in green energy, in life-changing robotics, in the home to the suit.Peter wonders how heavy the sheet will feel after ink is added for the guardian signature._The crowded school bus rounds another corner in the busy Manhattan streets, nearly rolling Peter’s breakfast back up.“I don’t understand why you’re so nervous, Peter. This is so cool! We get to see where you work!” Ned mutters quietly to Peter.Peter glances a look at his friend next to him, before sighing and closing his eyes. “I just don’t know what’s going to happen.”“Do you think we’ll see the Iron Man armor?”“I don’t know.”“Do you think we will see new Spider-man tech?”“I don’t know.”“Do you think Pepper Potts will be there?”“I don’t know, Ned.”“Do you think Tony Stark will be there?”“Probably not,” says Peter, desperately trying to not ruin his friend’s excitement. He wishes he was more excited, honestly. Stark Industries is an amazing company and Peter has been a fan for years, but his anxiety is getting the better of him.
What if the SI employees say something to him? What if they don’t say something to him, what does that mean? What if Flash tries to pull something while they’re touring? What are his classmates going to think of Peter? What if Tony actually is there?
“Peter-”His thoughts immediately stop as he is snapped back into reality. The bus has parked in front of the giant building and kids have already begun filing off and into the building.Peter looks at Ned. “Godspeed, brother.”_Inside the building, the students gathered in front of the receptionist desk. Peter’s teacher, Mr. Harrington, was signing in with the receptionist and the tour guide while the group of 20-or-so students talked amongst themselves.“So, Peter, what can we expect from today’s tour?” Flash asks. From an outsider, it could be mistaken as genuine, but everyone at Midtown knows this is how he preys on his victims.Peter, facing Ned, sighs before turning to face Flash. “I don’t know Flash, why don’t you ask the tour guide?” he shoots back. Their peers around them have started to stare at the interaction.“Well I just figured I would ask the person who works here, surely they would have an idea, right?” Flash asks, stepping closer.Peter could’ve said anything. I don’t work for the tour guides or I intern for Mr. Stark directly, he isn’t taking tours of his own building or shove your questions up your ass, Thompson or anything else. Yet nothing escaped his mouth.When Peter doesn’t take his bait, Flash concludes, “Guess we’ll just have to see how real that internship is, huh?” By this point, Flash is eye to eye with Peter, glancing between his eyes intimidatingly.“Come get your security badges, guys. The faster you move the faster we can get started,” Mr. Harrington calls, oblivious to the current interaction. Flash gives a small smirk towards Peter before walking over to retrieve his badge.Peter exhales a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “I shouldn’t have come on this trip,” he says under his breath.“Dude, please don’t let Flash ruin this trip for you. He’s just trying to get you worked up,” Ned pauses. Peter’s brow is still furrowed in stress as they move towards their badges. “Plus, don’t people here know you? That’ll prove that you actually intern here. What if Happy is here? Or Tony? What if Tony Stark stops by to say hi?” Ned rambles.“I don’t know, I just started coming by to work on stuff with Mr. Stark, and normally that’s in the private labs upstairs so I don’t know that many other people yet.”“You work in Tony Stark’s private labs-”“Dude-” Peter hushes, glancing around.“Why are you being so secretive about this? It’s so cool!”“Because the stuff I’m working on is the stuff, yanno? I can’t go bragging about my internship to everyone when my internship is actually just the other guy. People will get suspicious, so I’m trying to keep a low radar. Plus it feels weird to brag about it, nobody believes me anyways,” Peter explains, trying to talk in code while in such close proximity to prying ears. Nobody seems to be paying attention, but he is never too careful when handing his secret identity.“You’re right, but just try and relax a little, Peter. Even if you get to come here often, I don’t and I want to have a good time with my best friend,” Ned says. Peter nods and gives him a hesitant smile. Ned nudges him and smiles back.They are finally next to get their badges, and Peter is only mildly surp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Field Trip
I Tried
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

