Chapter 1: just say the word
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was a bitter, rainy evening in Queens where Peter Parker was roaming the streets trying to find some sort of edible food. He didn’t like to appear so desperate, however the teen hadn’t eaten in 3 days and his stomach felt as though it was ripping into itself – his super-fast metabolism didn’t help either. The excruciating coldness of December also didn’t help his slowly-but-surely weakening body feel much stronger. Spiders can’t thermoregulate, Peter bitterly noted to himself as he kicked an empty beer can over.The streets were relatively empty as the teen stumbled around, looking under benches and even in trashcans for some sort of nourishment. The few people that were out this early threw him disgusted glances and ‘tsk’ed at his actions, before avoiding his path. He took no notice however, his only focus being on the increasing pain that flooded his body and how much he wanted – no, needed – it to stop.This morning though, unlike all the others, there seemed to be somebody watching over him as he found an untouched red apple on a lone table, as well as a half-full bottle of water in a nearby trashcan. To most, the thought of drinking out of a stranger’s water bottle which was dumped in a literal bin, would be most revolting. However, desperate times called for desperate measures and the water had yet to freeze meaning it must be somewhat fresh. Albeit, the apple would barely do anything to satisfy his aching hunger, however at least it was something.Peter sat down on a bench, biting into the apple. It was sweet and juicy. And fresh. He couldn’t believe his luck and smiled softly to himself. Small victories, right? His mood soon soured once more as he felt droplets of icy cold rain fall onto his already freezing hands. Standing up, he sighed and threw his now finished apple into a nearby bin. Then, grabbing the water – which he refused to drink unless absolutely necessary – he started his walk to his ‘home’ (which was really just a small abandoned storage box in the middle of a slightly shady looking alleyway).He was halfway there, which by that point the light raindrops had turned into a full downpour, when he’d heard a woman scream in the distance. Instantly, Peter ran in the direction of the sound, dropping his water and found himself in a small park. He immediately spotted an older woman looking absolutely terrified as a man held a gun to – presumably – her daughter’s head.“Please! I promise I don’t have anything! Please let her go!” The woman cried, inching closer to the attacker. He however noticed this and in response stepped back, the little girl still in his grasp.“Bullshit. I know what you rich fuckers look like, with your fancy clothes and expensive handbags. Hell, I have no doubts that even this annoying little bitch has a fucking designer coat on. Now give me your money or its lights out for her.” He sneered, pressing the gun deeper into the sobbing girls’ temple. She was shaking, her hair drenched, and her face plastered in undeniable fear. The sight broke Peter’s heart as a burst of rage filled his entire being.No one had noticed Peter’s presence yet.
“Using a literal child to get money? That’s low dude.”The attacker jumped and turned quickly to look at Peter, his grasp still tight on the girl. Her mother too looked at him, a now hopeful yet still distrusting look in her eye. Peter quickly glanced at her. Help us, she mouthed at him.“And who the hell do you think you are, punk? Get outta here kid before I decide to change my target.” The dude growled.“Did you just call me a punk? Seriously?” Peter responded humourlessly.The attacker, who Peter had noticed was bald and had the lower half of his face covered with some sort of scarf, seemed to have lost his train of thought and lowered his hold around the little girl. This was more than enough for Peter to run at the guy and punch him square in the face, instantly knocking him out. Kicking him roughly to see if he was awake and realising, he was indeed unconscious, Peter let his tight body language relax slightly and looked over to the girl who was now sobbing in her mother’s arms. He slowly walked over to them, still keeping his distance to show he meant no harm.“Are you guys okay?” He asked quietly, his brave persona now gone, replaced with his usual Peter Parker shyness.The mother of the little girl stood up, and instantly forced Peter into a desperate hug. “Thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you so much.” She cried into his neck. Peter was very uncomfortable with people touching him, never mind complete strangers, and went rigid in her embrace. She seemed to notice this and let him go to look at him, her eyes red with tears. He cleared his throat awkwardly. “There’s no need to thank me, ma’am.” He smiled slightly at her, before looking down at the little girl hiding behind her leg. She looked no older than seven and was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Homeless Peter Parker
Avengers Family
Whump
Forgiveness
Vigilante Peter Parker
Dark Peter Parker
Avengers don't like Spider-Man
Action/Adventure
Protective Steve Rogers
Crime Fighting
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Alternate Universe - Superheroes/Superpowers
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Insecure Peter Parker
Dead Aunt May
bad language
Wanda Maximoff is A Good Big Sister
like really though she's amazing to Peter
Protective Wanda Maximoff
a lot of hurt and angst im sorry
Depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

