Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
                                                                                            
"You"
as Reader ────────
"We were inevitable from the start, weren't we?"
──────── ┏━━━━━━༻❁༺━━━━━━┓ New York, New York Present time

Bucky Barnes was humming Bohemian Rhapsody while he reached his arm out to grab a carton of milk from the fridge. His left hand wore his golden ring, like five thousand pounds of disruptive vindication.
The hand barely wrapped its way around the jug handle when a familiar voice made him yelp, causing him to bang his head on the top shelving of the refrigerator.He was sure his wife had gone to the office early that morning, like she usually did, to catch up on some paperwork that remained to be due at the end of the month; he recognized that she wouldn't pass up the opportunity at an opening for another promotion.

Naturally, he figured he'd spend his morning alone, so it was no surprise that a second voice in the quiet space caused him to jump about with one foot into the air, his heart beating at nearly one hundred beats per second.

A soft and feminine chuckle echoed through the large and open kitchen.

A deep groan left his lips as he rubbed the sore spot on the back of his head, the flesh there, hot to the touch. Shamefully, he spun around to see Ashlyn leaning on the kitchen island, a small smile playing on her pretty rosy lips. His eyebrows furrowed together.

"I thought you were gone," he mumbled.

She eyed him up and down with a smirk on her face.
"Yeah, about that, change of plans."

Bucky stretched out his right arm as he used his left hand to roll the sleeve of his tight white dress shirt up to his elbow, which still held a lingering tan from the summertime.
Walking up to the counter, he does the same thing with his other arm, switching the milk from hand to hand as he does so.

Ashlyn's smile dropped slightly, and Bucky raised a brow, noticing her changed worried demeanor. Slowly, he sat the cold milk down next to his white bowl and then crossed his arms - leaning forward on the cold counter.  Not allowing his eyes to drift away from hers, he moved in until their faces were inches apart, and he watched her intently. She averted her gaze, looking everywhere, except for at him.

"What's going on?" He demanded, voice dripping with concern.

Ashlyn bit her bottom lip.

He peered down at her finger, drawing his attention as it traced an invisible drawing onto the marble countertop. Her gel nails were rosy pink, a ring fairly similar to his on her left hand.

 

"You know my sister, Y/N?" After a moment of hesitation, she spared a glance up at Bucky.

The millisecond your name rolled off her tongue, it's like a butcher knife was jammed into his lower chest, very slowly dragging its way up to his throat.

There could be a multitude of reasons why Ashlyn would bring you up, but the one he feared the most, he quickly opted out because she hadn't killed him yet.  The thought, the fucking reminder of that day, of you, made everything different again. Things hadn't been different in five years, and they weren't supposed to be, not now.

Especially not now.

To say he was distraught by his wife's question was an understatement. He was unquestionably moments away from cardiac arrest or, at the least, some form of mental breakdown. He hated you. He took secret therapy sessions for the first few months of his marriage because of you.

Ashlyn knew the two of you didn't get along; she just never knew why. It was weird because the first year and a half that she'd dated Bucky, you'd both gotten along exceptionally well. Actually, looking back, you were categorically best friends. But then one day, he was avoiding your name in every conversation, settling for the titles of her, she, or your sister. Whenever anyone brought you up, he would subtly change the topic at hand. He even wanted to have thanksgiving with just his family instead of with yours. Ashlyn had considered asking you what happened that made Bucky completely detest you, but she was afraid for some reason.

 

She didn't know why.

She eventually decided not to delve into it any further and made sure you were both never in the same room together. But your call changed everything.You had called her two days ago, crying your eyes out and begging to stay with her for a bit, until everything was "okay again". Ashlyn figured it had to be severe if you were willing to stay in the same home as the man who couldn't stand you. So, of course, she said yes. Plus, you were her little sister.

 

"Yeah... I know Y/N," His tone was hesitant and uncertain. It was apparent he did not want to know what he was about to.

 

"Well," Ashlyn started, hoping she wasn't making a big mistake. She brought her slightly trembling hands to her mouth and took a deep breath. There was something in her husband's eyes as he waited for her to speak; sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Cheating
Explicit Sexual Content
Angst
Lovers To Enemies
Enemies to Lovers
Mordern AU
hurt Bucky is an asshole
Steve Rogers Feels
Love rectangle
Partner Betrayal
Hurt Bucky Barnes
this fic is nasty
Angry Bucky Barnes
Strong Language
Rough Sex
Miscarriage
Minor Character Death
bucky cheats with reader
Squirting
Edging
Abuse of Authority
References to Depression
Disturbing sexual betrayals
Sex for Money
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Bucky is an Army Veteran
Reader and Steve date briefly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

