Work Text:
Everything was wrong.
Steve had expected parades, parties, and social gatherings when he and the team arrived back to the US on presidential pardons. The president himself, pardoning them. Instead he got riots, vicious social media posts, and in rare bouts of good fortune, ignorance. It was like they didn’t matter anymore, and he couldn’t help but admit it stung his lion’s pride a bit. 
He was excited to see Tony again, his alpha side raring to put the stubborn omega in his place. If the fox had just listened when Steve tried to reason, they wouldn’t even be in this mess. But no, Steve was now the bad guy, Tony having released the tapes of what happened to his parents and in Siberia and stole all the sympathy for himself by playing the victim.
Sure, Steve wished things could have gone differently, but what was done was done, and there was no reason for his petty omega to continue on like this.
He is disappointed when he steps off of King T’Challa’s quinjet at the Compound and finds no one he recognizes in sight. He decides that even though Tony should be here to greet them himself, he won’t be anything but polite to these people who don’t deserve his anger. 
Stepping forward, Steve sniffs the air to see what he is working with. The three in front of him are all betas, but they have the slight hint of Tony and some foreign pack leader tinging the edges. Likely part of the same pack then. Heaven knows, Steve’s team all smells like him, even Bucky, who is also an alpha.
“Good afternoon, I am Hope van Dyne,” says a stern looking lady with straight black hair and a stiff pencil skirt. Steve vaguely recognizes the name from when Scott explained why he was turning himself in for house arrest. He wondered briefly how he was doing.
Steve shakes himself. “Steve Rogers.”
The lady-Hope- raises an eyebrow. “We are perfectly aware of who you are, Mr. Rogers.”
A blonde to Hope’s left snorts quietly and, apparently unable to help herself, mutters, “It’s a beautiful day in this neighborhood.” It was so soft that had Steve not had enhanced hearing he wouldn’t have caught it.
The other woman on Hope’s right chuckles gently in response, shoulders shaking under her dark leather jacket.
Hope takes a deep breath and closes her eyes. “Really?” She asks turning around. “We are not starting this again right now.” The two look at her, perfect pictures of innocence, and she returns her attention to Steve. “The two behind me are Jessica Jones and Colonel Carol Danvers. We are here to oversee your resettlement into the Avengers Compound.”
“Where’s Stark?” Clint demands from the back of their little group. “Shouldn’t he be here, groveling for his sins or something?” The Hawk-shifter scoffs.
“Dr. Stark is a bit...preoccupied at the moment,” Jones replies with a smirk after a moment’s hesitation. “I’m sure if you wish to see him, you can make an appointment.”
“This is Stark’s fault, he should be here to fix it,” Wanda prompts, stepping forward. Steve’s not all that scared of her shifted state, a Balinese cat, but something about her magic just makes him uneasy. She’s surprisingly aggressive for a beta.
“Once again, Dr. Stark is busy. I’m sure you can make an appointment,” Jones repeats with a little more force than necessary. “Now, before we begin, any questions?”  
Sam raises his hand cautiously. “Um, if you don’t mind me asking, what are your animal forms?” Steve almost slaps himself for the oversight. Here he was, trying to get a read on these people, when he could’ve just asked them about their shifts. True, it wasn’t always an accurate portrayal of someone’s character, but it was better than none.
“Oh, that’s no problem,” Hope says with a wave and jots something down on her little clipboard. “I am an otter.”
“Black Mastiff,” is all Jones says.
“I’m a Sheltie,” Danvers offers, and she and Jones fist bump. 
Hope clears her throat threateningly at the two. “I’m pretty sure we have yours right, but just to double check, the Widow is a mink, and Wilson’s a red-footed falcon.”
“Sounds about right,” Steve says. 
“Alright. Nothing much has changed, stay out of the West Wing until reparations are completed and your rooms should be as you left them. Follow your contracts, don’t break the rules, and everything will be fine.” Hope’s eyes land on each of them in turn. “Any questions, come to me. Any concerns can go to Colonel Danvers, she’s team leader out on the field.”
Steve’s entire team, himself included, ignore that last part. They had been outraged over it when they first saw is in the Accords, but in no time Steve would be able to prove himself a better leader than the beta. Alphas should always be in charge, after all.
The three woman spun around and strode back to the Compound, Danvers chatting with Hope, and Jones throwing in a small comment or two here and there.
“I guess let’s go inside,” Steve says as he shoulders his and Wanda’s bags. “C’mon guys, we’re finally home!”
 
After getting settled in, Steve and part of his pack w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Clint Sam and Natasha kinda sorta redeem themselves
not really tho
Alternate Universe - Shapeshifters
Animal Transformation
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Stephen Strange
Omega Tony
Omega Peter
BAMF Tony
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Team Dynamics
Hurt Tony
Hurt/Comfort
Mentions of dub-con
Steve is not a good person in this
Dark Steve Rogers
Not Beta Read
We Die Like Men
One Shot
Oh look at that
some actual
Healthy Relationships
Past Relationship(s)
Were - Freeform
Unhealthy Relationships
Steve is confused by Stephen
“He’s an alpha???? but he acts like a beta???”
Tony is not some helpless omega

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker

