Chapter 1: More Red
    


Summary:

For my bday prompt party. sunnyzhp22 asked for: Steve is an (illegal) graffiti artist and runs into Tony after he is caught painting one of his warehousesRated: T





Chapter Text
“Needs more red.”
Steve startled back from the wall, the spray can in his hand falling to the ground with a rattle. “Shit!” He spun around, ready to give the speaker a piece of his mind, but when his mouth fell open, no sound would come out.“Hey.” The man waved - the man Steve instantly recognized. Tony Stark. CEO of Stark Industries. Owner of the warehouse Steve was currently, illegally, painting on.“Um.” Steve debated running, but although Mr. Stark appeared to be leaning casually against the brick wall opposite, there was still a tension in his frame that suggested he could move quickly. He was between Steve and the exit of the alley, and Steve’s asthma meant he could easily be outstripped.“Seriously, it needs more red.” Mr. Stark waved towards the painting on the wall behind Steve. “Not that I don’t love your subject matter, because, you know, me, and everyone knows how I feel about me. But I designed that armour - and I wear it daily - and it needs more red. Mostly around the shoulder bits. But otherwise good job. Looks just like me. I like the commentary too.”“Uh, Mr. Stark -” Steve started, not sure what he was going to say. Mr. Stark wasn’t reaching for his phone to call the police, but Steve also didn’t know how long he’d been standing there - damn his shitty hearing and this was exactly why he usually made Bucky go along as his lookout - maybe he’d already called and they were on their way.“You’re The Captain, right?” Mr. Stark went on. “Saw your tag on the factory in Brooklyn. I especially liked the one of me but my suit is made out of money. Classy. This one’s good too, though.” Mr. Stark pushed off the wall and walked over to the mural, stepping up close to peer at it, mumbling something else about “red.”“Mr. Stark -”Mr. Stark waved a hand at him. “Would you please stop calling me that? Tony.”“What?” Steve shook his head, wondering if his hearing was failing him again.“Call me Tony. Mr. Stark is what my father called me.” Mr. St- Tony - flashed him a brilliant grin which slowly faded when Steve did nothing but continue to stare at him. “Come on, that one was funny, no?”“I - I’m really sorry,” Steve stuttered out.Tony cocked a hip, arms crossed, and looked Steve up and down. His gaze was so intense, Steve felt the back of his neck heat. “Are you sorry you painted this or just sorry you got caught?”Steve opened his mouth then closed it again. His ma hadn’t raised a liar, even if she had raised a lawbreaker. His lips twisted together, and Tony burst into laughter. He tapped a knuckle against the wall under Steve’s half-finished painting - Iron Man standing on piles of SI-designed weapons, fingers up in a peace sign. “Will this keep?”“What do you mean?”“If I take you across the street for a burger, is it going to ruin this, or can it wait?”Steve looked back at the painting. “It can wait. I mean, it won’t ruin it if I don’t finish it now.” What was happening?“Awesome. Let’s go.” Tony turned and marched off down the alley, but Steve called after him, stilling him.“Mr. Stark!”He stopped and looked back over his shoulder.“If you’re going to call the police, I’d rather you just get it over with.”Tony smirked, amused. “I was actually just going to buy you a burger.” Tony sized him up. “Maybe three burgers.”Steve blinked at him. “Why?”“Because you look like you could use it.” Tony smiled again. “Look, it’s all business, I promise. No flirting.” His eyes darkened as they drifted over Steve again. “We can save the flirting for later. Come on.” He set off again.Steve left his paint behind and trotted after him, having no other option. He couldn’t run, that would just lead Tony straight to his home - right to Ma, who would not be amused. If he went with him, he might be able to convince Tony not to get him in trouble, maybe offer a trade. He could clean off the paintings in exchange for not going to jail.Tony was already in a booth by the time Steve caught up, a waiter filling two glasses of water. Steve slid in on the other side. Tony tapped his fingers on the tabletop. “So what do you charge?”“I’m sorry?”The waiter placed a menu in front of him. “What can I get you to drink?”Steve reeled. This afternoon had taken a wild turn somewhere. Tony’s question was too confusing so Steve said, “Gingerale?” to the waiter and he nodded and walked away.“What do you charge?” Tony repeated.“I don’t know what you mean.”“For your paintings.”“Charge? …I don’t -”“Like what? Four k? Five? I’m thinking the steam punk one you did down by Battery Park, but at least twice as big. It’s for the lobby of SI headquarters.” Tony sipped his water.“You… you want a painting?”The waiter arrived with their drinks. “You decide what you’d like?” he asked.“Cheeseburger. Sweet potato fries.” Tony looked at Steve.“Um. Sure. Same, I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Ficlet Collection
Tumblr fics
Tags and Warnings in Notes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

