Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Earths Mightiest Heroes Universe. Everything was burning. The sky, the air, the whole world was in ashes. The Avengers had fought to very end, all the heroes had. Laying down their lives side by side with the military to try and defeat Thanos and his overwhelming forces. Thor was already gone. He had fallen when Asgard had fallen, shortly before Thanos had come to earth. Miss Marvel had given her all against him in the first wave, falling, along with Yellow Jacket, Wasp, and Spider Man. Tony had been heart broken when Peter had died, it had taken Steve over an hour to pry Tony’s arms from Peter’s body, the Billionaire just hadn’t been able to let him go. Thing had just gotten worse from there. Wolverine had died next, then Rhodey with the air force, T’Challa fell soon after, as Wakanda was overwhelmed. Black Widow and Hawkeye had taken after that, and Hulk had died trying to avenge his friend. Steve and Tony had tried to rally the forces that were left. The Fantastic four were now down to just Reed and Sue. Luke Cage was still standing, just, as was Vision. They allied with the remained X-Men and threw themselves into the final battle. The one that took Tony from Steve’s side. Tony had died trying to shield civilians from a falling building, that Thanos’ forces had destroyed. With his armour badly compromised from battle, it didn’t stand up to the force of the falling rubble and Tony was crushed beneath the debris. It had taken Steve, and Vision over three hours to dig his body out. Reed hadn’t been able to help them, he’d been sobbing over Sue’s broken body. Steve had carried Tony’s body from the devastated remains of Long Island. Carrying him, with Vision following silently, and Reed carrying Sue’s body. They went to the Backster Building. The Tower and The Mansion were already gone. Pepper was there, with little Lily in her arms. She had broken down in tears when she’d seen Tony in Steve’s arms, his body limp and bloody. Happy Hogan was there, in the medical floor, his legs gone, and slowly dying of internal bleeding that just wouldn’t stop.They all grieved for Tony together, cremating his body along with Sue’s and scattering their ashes to the winds. It was from the Backster Building they saw Thanos’ army swam the earth, sweeping through the defences like a relentless tsunami. Vision, having spent days locked up with Reed in the lab, went and gave his last stand against Thanos, getting ripped apart by the mad Titan as he tried to defend one of the few remaining emergency shelters. His sacrifice was noble, but it afforded nothing, the shelter was slaughtered along with the Android. Steve braced himself, preparing for the end, when Reed dragged him into his lab, talking ten to the dozen as he pulled Steve along, babbling about a portal and somewhere for Steve to go. “It has to be you,” Reed said, “I have to man the controls, Pepper doesn’t want to go, not without Happy, and he’s too injured to leave the bed. Someone has to survive, after all, you have Lily to think about,” Steve looked down at the seven month old in his arms, the little girl was sleeping contentedly, completely unaware of what was happening around her. Steve envied her that, wished he could be so innocent. “There are other worlds Steve,” Reed said, “Ones you can go to, in fact there is one that his practically a mirror to ours. You can warn them of what’s coming, of Thanos. Prevent this happening in that world, and give Lily a chance to grow up,”Steve looked up from his daughter, gazing into Reed’s tired eyes, “I don’t know if I can survive,” he said, “I’ve lost everything Reed! My Husband, my friends, my home, I’ll be all alone again, in a world I don’t belong in!”Reed rested a hand on Steve’s shoulder, “I know,” he said, gently, “But there is no other choice, and, you won’t be alone, you have your daughter, she is counting on you to survive, she needs you Steve, you have to live. For her.”Steve felt tired, so very tired. He wanted to say no, to go and join Pepper in the infirmary by Happy’s bedside and wait for the end. But he couldn’t do that, he couldn’t condemn Lily. It was bad enough she’d lost her Daddy, would soon loose her Mother, she didn’t need to loose her Papa and her life. “Alright,” he said, “Lets do it.” ***** MCU  Tony had finally finished clearing up the last of the debris left by Ultron. It had taken him the better part of a week to do that, and another ten days to make the floors habitable again. But at least the work had kept him from thinking, from dwelling on his fucked up life. He was finished with the Avengers. No longer fit to be Iron Man. He had proven to the courts that he was not directly responsible for Ultron, that the intelligence had already been present in the sceptre before he and Bruce had done anything. The scans they had on it had triggered something “Magical” for want of a better term and it had latched onto the Ultron programme that Bruce and Tony had been developing, atta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
Earths Mightiest Heroes/MCU
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Steve Needs a Hug
Tony Needs a Hug
Dad Steve
Real Captain Steve Rogers
Not Wanda Friendly
Not MCU Steve Rogers friendly
post Age of Ultron
Romance
Data dump
Any trolls who comment will either be ignored or made fun of
Not MCU Avengers Friendly
EMH Steve is a sweetheart
Protective Steve
Insecure Tony
Homophobia
Brief Mention of Past Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

