Work Text:

 

--
 
Flat on his back and surrounded on all sides by sleeping or sleepless soldiers, Bucky stares up at the star-flecked sky and tries very hard not to think about how badly he doesn’t want to be here.
It’s chilly outside, nighttime in Italy not half as balmy as his public school education might’ve led him to believe, and the army-issued bedroll he’s been given doesn’t do a damn thing to keep out the cold. The ground is hard and unforgiving beneath his back, and Bucky aches in a full-body way that makes it difficult to pick out the individual hurts. His feet are sore from walking, his back and shoulders killing him from hauling his pack over increasingly difficult terrain. Past that, though, everything seems to blend into a steady ache that reaches right down to his bones.  That makes his whole body throb like an untreated wound.
And the stupid thing – the really stupid thing – is that he’s one of the lucky ones. Bucky isn’t dead or injured or missing in action; he isn’t locked up in a prisoner of war camp, hasn’t had his head blown off. He’s still whole and intact according to every medical record he has, according to every army regulation there is.
The aches and pains, the low-grade fear, the loneliness that burns at the back of his throat like bile; all of it’s just the shit that every soldier goes through. Every man in this cobbled-together campsite has the exact same feeling of dread in his stomach like a lead weight, the same throbbing feet and the same weary heart, and it’s so fucking miserable that Bucky wants to scream, wants to cry. Wants to give it all up and make a break for it, to get on a boat back to New York and punch Steve right in the face. To scream at the bastard until his throat is raw for ever thinking that this could be glorious.
A few feet away, Bucky can hear Gabe and Dugan talking quietly about something or other. Shooting the breeze, trying to fill the space left by all faceless mugs that were lost in yesterday’s skirmish. All the men they knew well enough to recognize by face and rank if not by name; the ones that are gone now, blown all to hell and shot full of holes and left bleeding in the mud. Bucky shifts uncomfortably in his bedroll, tries to dislodge a bit of rock or root that’s digging into the small of his back without waking anyone around him up.
Every part of him hurts and he’s hungry and pissed off, and it’s not like it’s going to get better any time soon.
They’re marching north, advancing day by day, and Bucky never signed up for any of this.
He can feel a lump rising in his throat, a tightening in his chest, and for a moment Bucky is so caught off-guard that he doesn’t think to stamp it all down. Can’t do more than squeeze his eyes shut and breathe in tight, shallow breaths. To wait until the moment of weakness passes, until he starts feeling like himself again instead of some scared kid lying in the dark.
Swallowing hard, Bucky makes himself focus on the familiar sound of Gabe’s voice. Clings to whatever he’s talking about, dredges himself back out of the pit of his head and forces himself to start paying attention.
“… better than the first time I met Annie’s parents, at least,” says Gabe. There’s a small but exhausted smile in his voice, and when Bucky opens his eyes he can just make out the white of his teeth as he grins in reminiscence. The cadence of his voice is normal enough, familiar enough, that it helps Bucky to breathe a little easier. Let himself relax a little further. “Now that was a war zone, let me tell you.”
Dugan huffs out a laugh, and Bucky can hear him shifting a little in the dark.
“Keep meaning to ask,” Dugan says after a few moments of silence, a bluntly curious note in his voice. “This Annie girl – you two hitched?”
The moon is bright in the sky and the stars aren’t hidden by cloud, and Bucky’s eyes are adjusted enough now that he can make out the sight of Gabe shaking his head.
“Not yet,” says Gabe with a shrug, reaching down into his shirt to pull out… his dog tags. Bucky sits up a little in place, leans a bit closer to take a look. Brings himself into the conversation without asking.
It’s his dog tags, all right. Gabe has the chain in his hand, is letting them dangle a little against the front of his shirt. For a second, the metal catches the light – and that’s when he realizes that the glinting metal isn’t part of Gabe’s dog tags at all.
What looks like a woman’s engagement ring is looped through the chain, shiny and relatively clean next to the rough metal of the tags.
“No fucking way,” exhales Bucky, shaking his head a little in disbelief. He doesn’t think it’s a particularly nice ring, although he’s hardly an authority on the subject. But still, what the fuck, because who would willingly bring something like that into a hellhole like this?
Is that even regulation? he wonders stupidly, staring at it in dumb silence.
Next to him, Dugan lets out a sudden bark of laughter that makes one of the soldiers a few yards off startle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pining
Fantasizing
Angst
Period-Typical Homophobia
Period-Typical Racism
Period-Typical Sexism
Wartime
Unrequited Love
(of a sort)
World War II
Canon Compliant
Podfic Available
Bisexual Character
Bisexuality

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

