Chapter 1: Contraception
    




Chapter Text
His head pulses to the beat of music. The bodies, moving up and down, are a sea of movement. Hair, arms, and hands crash against the air. Raised and tossed back as the beat carries loud and hard through-out the house. Pitched back and forth by the sea of scents and noise, Tony’s stomach rolls uncertainly. “Come on, Tones.” There’s a woman holding his arm, he can’t remember her name. In the lighting, he can’t even tell if she’s his usual type. Brunette? He catches a flash of a curly brunnete stip of hair. He tends to like the dumb blondes. So who is this woman calling him by a nickname he can’t recognize and why does the house keep spinning?“Hey, I don’t-” his body moves forward without his consent and the woman’s cold hands start to work their way into his shirt. She’s moving them to the elevator. No one even notices because her tongue is down his throat before he can even remember where he is. No one finds it odd because nothing about the situation isn’t how he ends most Saturday nights.His head is pounding, faster and harder than the music. Maybe he should have listened. His father struggled with alcoholism and bad blood pressure. This could be a stroke. He could be having a stroke. “I-I can’t feel…”She’s good. She’s got them to his room and her hand is half down his pants before he even falls to the bed. His knees to weak to keep him up. His stomach still twisting into ugly, tight knots.He can’t say no, anyways. Her mouth is over his, sucking the life out of him while her hand works at the half of his anatomy which should be the opposite of hard with his brain so hyperfocused on the vomit fighting it’s way up his throat. She pulls away just long enough to get a trash can and when she does she turns his head for him and sticks two fingers down his throat. “Don’t choke.” She rubs his sweaty hair out of his face and rubs her vomit stained fingers on his shirt. “Time for some fun.”He can’t find the strenght to look at her. He can’t even turn his head when he starts to heave once again but his mind is torn between two things at once. The hand down his pants, pulling her closer to him as each moment passes and when her hips roll agianst his bare ones he gags and chokes on vomit he can’t dislodge from his throat. He lays there gasping for a moment, positive that this is how he’s going to die. He’s going to choke on vomit with his pants around his ankles. But when he opens his eyes back up, the woman is fixing her hair. She looks over and smiles. Making her way back to him she winks and moves his bangs from his hair,” thanks, Tones. You’re really going to make my life so much easier.”She presses a soft kiss to his brow and she’s gone, leaving him nude, spread eagle on the bed. Unsure of what happened and cold with the early morning breeze blowing through. It takes his sluggish mind a moment but he finds the words he’s looking for. A single name,” JARVIS?”“Yes, sir?”There’s only one word that comes to mind,” cold.”The IA’s voice fills the room as the blinds shut and the room begins to warm,” brevity is a great charm of eloquence, sir.”“Mmmm.” And with that, Tony Stark is as good as dead to the world.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker and everyone
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Eventual Happy Ending
Hurt Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker and everyone
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

