Chapter 1: Are we talking boys, or are we talking missions?
    




Chapter Text
Peter looks everywhere except at Mr. Stark. In fact, he’s blatantly staring up at the ceiling, neck cranked back and everything. His mask is off, and he stretches the material between his sweaty hands. This is not what he was expecting when he rushed out of his advanced bio engineering class after getting a text from “Iron Dad”.
 “So, you didn’t read the files I sent you.” It isn’t a question, and Peter doesn’t have to look at him to know there’s a furrow between Mr. Stark’s eyebrows and a frown pulling at his lips. His irritation is clear in his scent, making Peter’s spidey-sense tingle lightly along his skin. “I mean, that’s just what I’m guessing, because I know you aren’t this stupid, kid.”
 Peter squeezes his eyes shut. White spots dance behind his lids from the florescent lights in the lab. “I’m twenty,” he says. “I can make my own decisions, my own judgments. I don’t need files on every person I meet.”
 A laugh bursts out of Mr. Stark’s throat, sounding almost like a cough. Peter can sense him moving around his many lab tables until he comes to a stop right in front of him. “You can’t even look at me.”
 Peter’s head snaps down, and even though his heart is pounding, even though he knows Mr. Stark can smell the anxiousness on him, he manages to glare at the other omega.
 Mr. Stark only shakes his head. “Seriously, Peter.” With a long sigh, he swipes his hand down his face. Guilt builds in Peter’s stomach, and his eyes find the floor. “I can make a list for you of why you aren’t old enough to make these decisions. You want to hear it?”
 Eyes wide, Peter shakes his head. “No. Nope. Not necessary.”
 Mr. Stark smiles sarcastically and spreads his arms out in a wild gesture. “Well,” he says, “too bad, because here it is. One,” he holds up a finger, “you can barely control yourself around him. I don’t think I need to remind you of that first time you met him.”
 Peters cheeks color to match his suit. “I’m getting better. He’s just—"
 “Nope. Don’t want to know,” Mr. Stark interrupts. Peter’s mouth snaps shut. “Two: you still call me ‘Dad’ during your pre-heats, and if that doesn’t scream ‘I’m a kid’ then—”
 “You can’t use that against me! You know the spider bite messed with my hormones and everything’s even worse during that time,” Peter yells.
Mr. Stark gives him a ‘no shit’ look. “Took my third point right out of my mouth, kid.”
 A growl rumbles from Peter’s mouth, not as loud or as rough as an alpha’s growl, but it’s enough to get his point across. They’ve had this conversation before. Multiple times. Now they’re just going in circles. “None of that even matters, okay? I can’t just stop or forget about it or… or whatever! This is just how I am, and he’s just… I don’t know!”
 “Yes! Exactly!” Sometime during his little speech, Mr. Stark must have picked up a screwdriver. He waves it in Peter’s face, almost hitting him across the nose. “Point four: you don’t even know why you like him. He’s a killer. Dangerous. Insane. Psychotic. You’d know it all if you just read the files. It’s all in there.”
 He’s not going to read about Wade’s “origin story” as he calls it. No, Wade will tell him one day, just like he’s told him about his favorite Mexican joint in Manhattan, and his latest mission, and the entire first season of Golden Girls.
 A small smile graces Peter’s face as he thinks about the late-night conversations.
 He likes Wade for a lot of reasons. He’s funny and smart. He’s sweet and caring, but crude and vulgar. He’s beyond annoying, but never fails to make Peter feel happier. And big. Wade is really big, maybe even bigger than Steve. And strong. Not as strong as Peter, of course, but that’s besides the point. Then, there’s the fact that he can’t permanently die. He won’t get hurt by one of Spiderman’s crazy villains. Peter wouldn’t lose him to Death.
 He opens his mouth to try to tell Mr. Stark, but the words don’t come out. What if he says it, and it still isn’t enough for the millionaire? Peter looks at Mr. Stark’s expectant face, suddenly overcome with defeat. Shaking his head, Peter raises his hands to slip his mask back on. The smooth fabric contorts to his features with ease, bringing a slight coolness to his still-warm cheeks.
 “It’s fine, Mr. Stark,” he says, fiddling with his web-shooters just to do something with his hands. “Pretty sure he’s not interested in me, anyway.” A tightness grabs at his throat, and he turns away from the other omega to hurry to the lab door. “Not old enough for him. Can barley get a full sentence out without losing my train of thought from just looking at him. Can’t even stand on my own two feet if I smell him around my pre-heat.” Peter huffs out a breath. “Not even around my pre-heat, really. That’s just how it always is.”
 “Peter,” Mr. Stark says. Hand on the lab door, Peter waits a few seconds, debating if he should just leave or not. Grumbling, he turns back around. Mr. Stark is peerin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Peter Has Feelings
And anxiety
Fluff
Mutual Pining
Mission impossible theme song
I Don't Even Know
Panic Attacks
Wade Wilson Knows What's Up
Tony Stark is trying his best
SO MUCH FLUFF
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Attempt at Humor

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

