Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
4/9/2019: Added sources/related links in the end notes! Some of it is further info, some of it is sources for factual information, but none of it is necessary for understanding the fic-- this is just for fun, and b/c i've ended up doing a fair amount of research for this, and want to show it off a little bit. :)
thanks,technically_direct

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It’s not so much that Eddie’s an irredeemable fuckup as its…
 
Well.
 
Ok.
 
It kinda is that Eddie’s an irredeemable fuckup, actually.
 
Like, the few years where he and Annie were together were very much against the pattern of his overall fuckup nature. He remembered anniversaries, he was never late on rent, he was starting to eat healthy food, and he stopped smoking and drinking so damn much. Which, in retrospect, probably really helped him make marginally more thought-out decisions. But, before Annie? He’d been on a first name basis with at least five bartenders in New York, he’d been arrested a time or three or four, he’d had more than a few ill-conceived hookups, woken up at least twice with a new tattoo and no memory of how he’d gotten it, and on one memorable occasion he got into a fist fight with a man, who, it turned out, was actually a professional prizefighter. It didn’t go well.
 
And, once the thing with Annie died a quick, sudden death (rather than the slow, painful one he could see slowly lurching towards them a few years down the line), things took a turn for the worse, and Eddie went back on his bullshit like he was making up for lost time. He had some fun, no-strings-attached sex with strangers which resulted in one accidental stabbing, several small (non-accidental) burns from candle wax, participation in at least two overtly satanic rituals, stealing at least four very comfortable t-shirts from various people, one somewhat depressing orgy, and the knowledge that his time being with Annie and being fairly vanilla was definitely an outlier.
 
He kept money coming in, at least. Enough for liquor, rent, and at least two meals a day. Freelancing for some less reputable online publications wasn’t exactly what he was picturing when he was in journalism school—that was more toppling corrupt politicians and fighting for justice—but writing listicles about crypto-currencies and clickbait articles about superfoods under an alias was the only reason he had any money to make bad decisions with.
 
Anyway, he’s out getting drunk every night and buying all his groceries at a bodega and pointedly not thinking about how his life has fallen to pieces and seems to somehow be getting worse, when he stumbles ass over elbows into the Life Foundation shitshow. For the second time, technically. That was only because seeing Annie and Doctor Boyfriend Dan (part time life saver, full time fucking saint) made him feel a bunch of the weird, nasty feelings he thought he’d be past by that point. And then, you know, he meets Venom and eats a few people and falls into San Francisco Bay.
 
He crashes on Annie’s couch for a few days, fielding calls from the Life Foundation (asking him to please not sue) and former editors who, despite never once reaching out to him during his six months following his career suicide, made a point to tell him that they never once believed he was guilty, and they had some good times together, right? And would he mind terribly giving them an exclusive on his story of his time with the Life Foundation at a fucking steal. His former editor for The Brock Report calls him and chews him out for half an hour, yelling things like “Who taught you journalistic ethics? Stephen Glass?” and “Investigative reporting does not involve committing felonies, Brock!”. It’s oddly refreshing.
 
When Anne starts making serious noises about having a Conversation now that he’s settled and how, really, it’s probably for the best that Venom didn’t come back, he texts Dan on the number he was given in case of emergency and fucking books it, saying some lie about having an urgent interview that he just forgot to mention. He’s out of that house in about three minutes, and out of the neighborhood in ten. He’s on his second ridiculously strong coffee when Dan gets back to him, texting with proper capitalization and punctuation. Long story short, he can, in fact, crash at Dan’s place for the next few days.
 
Dan is just such a fucking great dude.
 
He slugs down the last of his coffee way too quickly and legs it to Dan’s neighborhood, because his bike is god-knows-where, and for all its many faults, Bay Area Rapid Transit has the downtown area pretty fucking extensively covered. Sooner than he’d really like, he’s outside of Dan’s door, and then ushered into his studio apartment.
 
It’s the gentlest sort of bachelor pad: dark wood floors, lots of glass tables, a large flat-screen television on a bare brick wall, and something that could be mistaken for a decent book coll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Angst
Feelings
Smoking
Drinking
Bad Decisions
Human Disaster Eddie Brock
POV Eddie Brock
Dan's Terrible Taste In Literature
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Eddie Needs a Therapist
And Actually Sort of Gets One
He Just Has So Many Feelings
Cannibalism
Blood and Gore
Body Horror
GOO-MAN
Gender-Neutral Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Comic Book Science
tony stark bashing
Slice of Life
Healthy Relationships
Communication
Implied Sexual Content
Torture
Eddie Brock needs a publicist
emotional honesty
literally everyone thirsts after thor

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

