Work Text:
You were leaning against the pillar, people were dancing around you to the beat of house music. The room was crowded and dim, the only thing that was well lighted was the bar. You were watching as your best friend was ordering margaritas for the two of you and you couldn’t help but stare at The Bartender. He was gorgeous with his long, brown hair and his light stubble,  his bulky chest was straining his black tee. You looked at his arms, God! how can somebody became turned on by looking at arms?  You saw his left arm was covered in tattoos. You bit your lip when you saw he smiled at your friend, she was briefly talking to him and you saw her pointing at you. His gaze followed her finger and landed on your person, still holding your bottom lip between teeth. He smirked and you felt your lace panties getting more and more wet. 
Your friend came back to you struggling with sliding through dancing people. She handed you your drink and she stood beside you.“I thought there would be fewer people” she shouted in your ear “We should’ve listened to Ed Sheeran and went to the bar”“We are at the bar that happens to be located in a club, besides we’re looking for a boner, not a lover so” you shrugged and sipped your drink. You both headed towards your booth in the other end of the club where your other friends were sitting. You sat among them drinking and laughing, it was easier here to talk as music wasn’t that loud. After a couple of minutes, your friend scooted near you and she asked“So, you’ve got your eye on someone? There are a lot of cute guys” she asked leaning toward you, you looked at her amused, she was wearing a tight black dress with thin straps, her cleavage was big, her tits were almost spilling out. You were happy for her, she finally managed to move on from her last crush and you knew she was dickpressed just like you and that’s why you were wearing a tight red dress which hugged your curves just right leaving nothing to the imagination. You thanked God for your fitness sessions cause you knew guys were drooling over you.“Maybe I have” you said smirking and her eyes widened begging you to tell her, you nodded your head toward the bartender. Her eyes followed and she gasped“The bartender? No way!” she shouted and you looked at him, he was pouring someone something that looked like mojito and you felt your mouth went dry. You bit your bottom lip “I want to sit on his face” you said more to yourself and your friend looked at you with disbelief“Well, I’m sorry for telling you this honey but you won’t” she said leaning back on a huge sofa“Why the hell not?” “Because bartenders are like priests. They are untouchable. Better drool over a bouncer, they are easier. Don’t look at me like that Y/N,  there is no way you’ll screw him, I assure you that” she said and you gulped your drink down“Oh yeah? Then watch me” standing up from your place you headed toward the bar. The floor was sticky from spilled alcohol but you didn’t mind, you knew that at the end of the journey The Bartender was waiting for you. Your friend was following you and she bumped in your back when you suddenly stopped. You stopped because in front of you was standing a tall man with green eyes and dark hair."Would you like to dance?” he asked and smiled shyly “Oh! I would, but you see, I’m here with my friend and we are both quite dehydrated” you grabbed your friend’s hand and you dragged her toward the bar. “I buy you a drink” he offered and you rolled your eyes not entirely hiding it “That won’t be necessary” you tried to pass him by but he blocked your way “I insist” he shouted and god sometimes guys don’t understand that by ignoring you means actually no. “I have a boyfriend” you dragged your last resort and you mentally thanked God when he pulled his hands up in surrender and moved along. “Liar, liar pants on fire!” your friend giggled but you decided to drop it.Your heart was pounding when you were getting close to that beast of a man you knew as The Bartender, you felt butterflies in your belly and you prayed to all gods that listen to make your plan work.Once by the bar, you looked at him trying to draw his attention. He approached you smiling and you saw his eyes were blue. Like oceans blue. You wouldn’t mind drowning in them. His deep yet smooth voice pulled you from your thoughts“What can I get you?” he asked and leaned over the bar to better hear you“Um… Two margaritas! No, wait! make it four shots of tequila!” he grinned at you and you gave him your credit card making sure to brush your fingers over his. You waited and looked at your friend who wiggled her eyebrows and you grinned, she knew you so well. He gave you back your credit card and placed four shot glasses in front of you and filled them with liquor. You downed them one by one and bitter taste filled your mouth, you winced and you looked at your friend who looked like she had a bad time with getting used to the taste. You found yourself asking for another four sho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Clubbing
Drinking
Smoking
Hook-Up
Vaginal Fingering
Cunnilingus
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Vaginal Sex
mention of anal sex
Creampie
gifs
nsfw gifs
PORN gifs
Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

