Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text

When he opens his eyes, he's alone. 
 
He's in an unfamiliar room, laying down on a pretty soft bed, hearing a distant beeping noise coming from somewhere on his right. There's a TV attached to the wall right in front of him, a small empty table directly underneath it. Everything's white.
 
Peter in other circumstances would turn around to have a look at the rest, but the mere act of blinking makes his head pound against his skull. Breathing hurts a bit too, and the lights filtering through the thin curtains make his eyes sting. His limbs ache when he squirms underneath the blanket covering his body, and he frowns.
 
What happened to him, again? He can't remember. 
 
Actually, quite terrifyingly, when Peter tries to remember anything at all but his name, he finds that he just… 

can't

. His heartbeat suddenly picks up at the sudden memory blackout, his breathing gradually getting more rapid as he tries to remember 

anything

, until something finally flashes through his mind - a color. 
 
Red.
 
Oh, yeah, his suit. His Spider-man suit. 
 
He's Spider-man.
 
Okay.
 
The anxiety doesn't dissipate immediately, though the memory of his secret identity relieves a portion of it - he recalls he's not supposed to tell anyone about it, and that he spends the rest of the time in… school? All at once he remembers snapshots of white and blue corridors, loud noises of laughter and conversations, of some kind of deadline he was stressed about. 
 
Yup, definitely school. 
 
Peter tries to recall names next, but he stops after a few minutes when it only serves to worsen his headache. He can’t remember faces either, despite having a faint idea of what his school and suit look like. Frustrated, he attempts to relax back onto the fluffy pillows, guessing that something must've happened while he was out as Spider-man. A faint voice at the back of his head tells him it's not the first time something like this happens.
 
There are sudden footsteps right outside the room. 
 
Peter closes his eyes, but the door doesn't open yet. Instead, he hears muffled voices talking hurriedly to each other.
 
"-you know I 

can't 

do this right now. My kid has been out of it for days now and I need to be around in case something happens, because I'm all he's got for the time being. So, no, talk to Pepper, see if she can go downtown for this, because I have to stay here for now," one of the voices is rambling away. Not only the voice instantaneously rings a bell in Peter's mind, but some of the things it says also catch his attention.
 

My kid?

 Is he someone's kid? 
 
"Yes, Boss," a second voice sighs, and Peter hears footsteps fading away.
 
The door opens.
 
This time, Peter's curiosity gets the best of him. It's only been a few minutes at most since he's woken up, but his lack of memory and the consequent confusion are killing him on the inside. He just wants to remember, see something familiar that will comfort him.
 
He fakes a soft groan and his eyes flutter open slowly. 
 
"Peter?"
 
He focus on the man who uttered his name, now standing right next to his bed. Instantly relief washes over him and Peter can breathe a little more easily at the familiar sight - he

 knows

 this man. Well, okay, not exactly, but the feeling of security and comfort that comes with the sight of him is enough to convince Peter he's definitely someone important. 
 
"Hi," he speaks for the first time ever since waking up, throat feeling unbearably dry.
 
"Jesus, you scared me for a minute here," the man says softly, surely understanding Peter might not be feeling to well. "How are you feeling?"
 
"Hurts," he answers, frowning. 
 
"Alright, I'll call your nurse right away," the man nods. "Don't move, okay?"
 
The man turns around and steps for a moment to call for Peter's nurse, like he had just said, and comes back not even a minute later. He places his hand on top of Peter's head and ruffles his hair gently. 
 
"Glad you're back," he smiles, and Peter can see the raw relief in it. 
 

My kid

.
 
Oh, of 

course

. That's his dad. 


.   
After the nurse checks on Peter, gives him something to relieve the pain and leaves, there’s no time to chat with his dad because he falls asleep during the next few minutes, exhaustion taking over his still healing body. 
 
The next time he opens his eyes, the lights are dim. Peter blinks the sleep away and glances sideways, finding his dad dozing off on the armchair by the window. It’s already evening; the TV is turned on and it’s playing the news, informing Peter it’s just a few minutes past eight o’clock. 
 
“Is the light bothering you?” 
 
Peter startles at the voice, looking at the opposite side of the room where a tall, big man in a suit is sitting on another armchair. His round face is familiar, and Peter frowns for a moment before it hits him. He remembers long car rides, spontaneous stops at drive-throughs and a particularly grumpy personality. 
 
“...Happy?” he asks. 
 
“The o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Misunderstandings
Temporary Amnesia
Fluff
the author is not that sure how amnesia works

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

