Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The boy seemed to have fallen / From shelf to shelf of someone's rage.
- John Ashbury, “A Boy”

******
That first night, Steve panics.In all of his life - including not only the stuff people would expect, like storming the HYDRA factory alone or crashing the Valkyrie, but also being a kid and so sick he could literally hear his mother praying through tears a few feet over, and the days and nights it was him praying and her gasping for breath that eventually left her - In all that, through all that, this is the first time Steve's hands have actually shaken so badly he has to stop and sit and make himself calm down before he can do things like pick up a pencil, or dial a telephone number, or punch letters on a keyboard.He needs to do all of the above. There are . . .things. There are things he needs to do. First there's people he needs to contact, to tell, and suddenly he's never been so grateful for anything as he is for text messaging. Because if he had to say things out loud - well that would be hard enough if he didn't think that Bucky's hearing's probably, almost certainly as good as his is - which means no, the wall between them and the closed interior door is not enough to block out the sound. So texting, text messages - they're good. Steve likes text messages. And emails.And then there's - Well. He should probably make lists of things to do, because his head is running around in circles. And crashing into things on the way. Hard.He has no plan. Not because he hadn't tried to make one. He'd tried to make lots of plans. Plan, adapt, plan again, tried to think of every contingency. And then he'd thrown them away, because there wasn't much point. What could you plan for? He couldn't guess the possible contingencies, the situations, the potentials. And he sure as sure hadn't figured on what's happened now, on coming back to his place and finding Bucky here. He hadn't even hoped for that. He hadn't realized he could.Which means part of him's demanding why? over and over again, terrified there's a catch somewhere, something that's going to blow up. And with everything other part of him he feels like he's fifteen, feverish and lost. Again. Which hadn't been that much fun when he'd been fifteen, feverish and lost - but is worse, much worse, here and now.Bucky hasn't said much. Almost nothing. He followed Steve in like a ghost, watching Steve like while Steve might be using English words, he's speaking a strange, impenetrable language and one where Bucky only understands one word in twelve. Steve's pretty sure his own speech - babble, really - seems . . . Actually he doesn't even know how it had to look from the outside, but it definitely showed he was nervous.Three words. No, yes and no - answers to are you hungry, get everything and need anything respectively, after Steve'd shown Bucky the extra bedroom - set up in probably Steve's most ridiculous gesture of overconfidence or desperate hope. Steve'd been the one to close the bedroom door. He didn't think Bucky would have and wasn't . . . comfortable with the idea that Bucky might think Steve thought he needed watching.Except now he worries that Bucky might have thought Steve was locking him in. He hesitates. In the end, he tells himself that if Bucky wants to leave, an interior door isn't going to stop him, but he still can't decide which way would be right. When he sends the text out, to Sam and to Stark and to the last number he has for Natasha (who he hasn't seen or heard from for months and who might as far as he knows have fallen off the edge of the earth, but she deserves to know), the replies he gets are different.Sam sends back wel l hsit, the perfect example of answering a text fast and clumsy, and then text or call? and Steve answers don't call as soon as he sees it. Stark's "reply" is Steve's seldom-used email suddenly getting a receipt and shipping invoice from Amazon.com and about six emails from something called JSTOR, both full of titles of books and articles that, to be fair, sound like they might be pretty relevant. Far be it from Stark to not be . . . .Stark. At least he didn't feel the need to say anything stupid. That was a blessing.To Steve's surprise, he also gets a text from Natasha almost immediately; it says, Well done. He frowns at it, and texts didn't actually do much, and she must be sitting on her phone right now because he's only just hit "send" before the screen says, Next time I see you, Steve, we have to talk about the limits of your perspective. They're cute, but they're probably not going to serve you very well here.Requests for elaboration get silence. He wonders where she is, what she's doing, but then the phone's showing him Sam asking for what exactly happened and Steve puts Natasha out of his mind.He taps out the story in as few words as he can and typos enough he's ready to throw the phone against the wall by the time he's managed to comprehensibly tell Sam that Bucky just showed up, right he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Psychological Trauma
Post-Winter Soldier (movie)
Trauma
Recovery
Fix-It
Somatoform Disorder
Dissociative Disorders
Memory Loss
memory recovery
Memory Alteration
Hydra did a number on Bucky
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Betty Ross
Protective Natasha
Natasha's Psychological Expertise
Caregiver Fatigue
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
C-PTSD
Psychotic Episodes
Pierce died too quick
Tony makes Sam new wings
Rhodey is the best bro
Protective Rhodey
Tony Expresses Affection/Appreciation/Support Via Money And Stuff
Disabled Character
Mentally Ill Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

