Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Let me uncover the silver in your dark hair / The weight of your bones / I want to witness the beauty of your repair / The shape you’ve grown
--Vienna Teng

*****
Summer fades into autumn. Unfortunately. The thing about summer, even - maybe especially - late summer, is it's not hard to stay warm, even if everyone else thinks it's too fucking hot. It hadn't really been a problem. The compromise Steve came up with was that the air-conditioner could be on in the living-room and in Steve's bedroom, and Bucky kept the door to his room half-closed or sat out on the balcony, and put up with Steve nagging about drinking enough water and occasionally fussing about heat-stroke. That, Bucky could do. A few days got too hot even for him, but only a few. He doesn't really - that is, he remembers that things happened last winter, more or less, he just doesn't remember what last winter felt like, beyond fucking awful. But August gives way to September and night gets cooler again, and it's not hard to look ahead and miss summer already.  It's funny, in a completely fucking not-funny way, how the why comes digging back in. After every nightmare, every bad day, every fucking time something cracks the fragile skin over all the shit he can only barely control. Every time he's afraid this is all something he's made up, every time the world slips completely out of focus and it's easier and easier to believe that's true, that he's neck fucking deep in the biggest lie he's ever told himself. Every time he crawls back from that and the real world's grey and sharp and he still feels like a fucking doll someone's used ragged and thrown away. Every time he thinks that all things considered that is something he has absolutely no fucking right to think, no right to feel. Last year he would've walked off a dock and let himself sink just to make the noise in his head and the endless screaming confusion stop and for a while, while it ebbed and drained, the relief was enough that he stopped asking why, felt like there might be a point. Now the why seeps back in and he's tired and he feels like he's on the other side of a mirror again. One answer to why, the easy answer to the why is Steve, but he tries not to lean on that. Doesn't like how much he's already cost Steve and doesn't know how to deal with the edges between real memories and ones he can't trust when it comes to remembering Steve. Doesn't like the idea of tethering Steve to someone half-dead because of Steve's stupid, infinite loyalty. More than he already has. Can't help having done.Steve does things that are really fucking bad for him because he thinks he has to. That's always been true, and it'll always be true, or he wouldn't be Steve. And it's something that's much, much too easy to take advantage of. Especially when Steve's already decided, already given himself over, already done and put up with so much miserable shit that he won't think much of adding more. So Bucky sleeps (sometimes) and wakes up and eats (sometimes) and tries to find other things to shove in the places where why is bleeding in, but they're pretty thin and they don't last for long, between bad nights and bad mornings.  Mornings are relative: they start when he can't stand trying to sleep anymore. Sometimes his mornings start with Steve's around five-thirty in the morning; sometimes they start in the dark of two-AM; sometimes the whole fucking twenty-four hours is an endless, miserable morning. He mostly doesn't stay inside; most mornings he meets the start of Steve's morning from the roof, either by a few minutes or because he's been there for hours. Or at least out for hours. Steve runs on street level; Bucky still doesn't feel comfortable down there, avoids it if he can. Too many buildings, too many places someone could be waiting above him, and too many fucking people to run into. Up here, there's almost no one. Almost.  This is the third time the girl's followed him up here at oh-God-o'clock. He allowed for two, because any kid would be curious about the recluse on the top floor, especially since there's a good chance someone would recognize Steve and start to wonder. Especially kids. They don't have as much between them and believing. Adults'll convince themselves something can't be true; kids, not so much. So two, he ignored. Three means the girl needs to learn a couple things, or at least get better at hiding. Her name is Mercedes; she lives with her mother and her brother on the second floor. Her mother works in the hospital and her brother's sick most of the time, and Bucky's not going to pretend that doesn't have something to do with his being willing to put up with her following him at all. And in the different mix of music he can't stop overhearing in the quietest moments of the building, he doesn't mind hers. How irritating other people's audio choices get: only one of the many things it doesn't matter whether they mentioned on the super-soldier enlistment form or 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Psychological Trauma
Trauma
Fix-It
Post-Winter Soldier (movie)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Somatoform Disorder
Dissociative Disorders
Psychotic Episodes
C-PTSD
Memory Loss
memory recovery
Memory Alteration
Hydra did a number on Bucky
Tony Expresses Affection/Appreciation/Support Via Money And Stuff
Rhodey is a scientist too
Shouty Brunet/te Scientist Club
BAMF Betty Ross
Replacing Bucky's Arm
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Eustress is Still Stress
Recovery isn't linear
kids who recognize Captain America
kids who recognize the Winter Soldier
Steve's Astonishing Devotion
Bucky's Overdeveloped Caretaking Instinct
Disabled Character
Mentally Ill Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

