Work Text:
It’s been hours that they trained, Thor is covered in sweat and dirt, pumped to the maximum and ready to go twice as long. Loki, on the other hand, is half dead. Usually he doesn’t train with Thor, this was an exception to improve his weapon skills as he will need them for the rest of their hunt and he’s not very used to that much physical activity. He wanted to come on this hunt with his big brother, after all, and Thor doesn’t want anything to happen to him when he’s not looking.As soon as they are back in the cabin they are staying at, Loki immediately drops on the bed, peeling himself out of his sticky clothes without looking at where they land when he throws them. Within minutes, Loki is out cold, near comatose. Thor tries to wake him up multiple times, even shakes him for a whole minute, but there is nothing to get Loki out of this state. At first, Thor shrugs it off and decides to do some more sword training to get rid of his excess energy, but alone it becomes utterly boring very soon and he returns to the cabin.Loki is still asleep, but the blanket Thor had put on him is gone. He just stands in the door, eyes glued to his little brother’s pale, most definitely naked skin. It’s nothing new to see it, of course - they have grown up together, seeing each other naked had been part of that obviously - but in this moment, Thor sees his brother as something entirely different. He walks over to the bed slowly, mesmerized by the tiny pearls of sweat glistering on Loki’s back, barely breathing anymore. He looks as forbidden as he looks beautiful,  Thor thinks when he reaches out with his hand, tenderly brushing a finger over his skin. Oh, how much he wants Loki in all the ways he shouldn’t want him… for months and months he’s holding back his fantasies and desires, but now the temptation is clawing at his insides and he can feel himself slip. Loki is completely knocked out, he wouldn’t even have to know, right? Maybe he can just… do it without Loki ever finding out.Thor is almost hypnotized when he gets out of his shirt and trousers, throwing them onto the floor where Loki’s clothes already lay and crawls into the bed with his brother. His breath goes shallow when he cups Loki’s perfect little ass and rubs his palm over it slowly. Norns, he feels so soft, it’s insane. There is no reaction from Loki when Thor squeezes his ass and spreads his cheeks and it turns him on even more. He can feel his cock harden and his mouth water and it feels like nothing he knows.His hand is trembling slightly when he pushes his fingers between Loki’s cheeks, brushing over his hole. He soaks in the air sharply and closes his eyes, one hand finally moving to his cock and stroking himself. There is still time to get up and pretend this never happened. There is still the chance to step back and keep things between them the way they are. But when the thought forms in his head Thor knows already that it’s far too late. He wants Loki and now he can have him, no matter how wrong and fucked up it is. He needs it.Thor lets his finger circle around Loki’s hole, a weak and shuddered sigh escaping his lips. He continued for a minute, testing out if there will be any reaction, but Loki lays as still as possible, his breath going slow and rhythmical, completely out. He retreats his finger and brings it to his lips, sucking on it to slick it up for some more. There is a faint unknown taste on his skin, one that makes him almost lose his mind the second it touches his tongue. The grip around his cock tightens and he breathes slowly, savoring Loki’s taste as long as he possibly can.His fingers are dripping wet when he brings them back to Loki’s ass, slicking him up. When he finally dares to push a finger in carefully, he hisses and pressed his thumb against the slit of his cock. Fuck, he could cum just from this. Loki is so unbelievably tight just around one of his fingers. He keeps pushing, slow and testing, always expecting his brother to wake up. Loki doesn’t and when Thor pulls his finger out and adds a second, his cock twitches in sheer anticipation.Loki feels so damn good, tight and hot and despite being asleep, his body reacts to the stimulation Thor causes, clenching around his fingers whenever he pushes. Thor is shaking from how much he wants to go further. After adding a third finger, stretching Loki’s ass more and suppressing the moans that want to come from his mouth so badly, Thor knows he can’t wait any longer. He is so hard, it almost feels like he will explode. It has to be enough.Thor retreats his fingers displeased, using his and Loki’s juices to slick up his cock as much as possible while positioning himself behind him. He takes his time to prepare himself, pushing two fingers back into Loki to make sure he stays stretched and ready. There is still no sound coming from his brother, not even a hint that he is waking up, and Thor knows he should be worried about how much harder this thought makes him. He doesn’t though
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Watersports
Urination
Rape/Non-con Elements
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Underage Sex
Cumplay
Rough Sex
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

