Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve dove for Amora as the blaze of swirling magic between her and Thor began to sizzle on the air.
“You idiot!” Loki shouted. He was a blur, knocking Thor out of the way before the fire reached its zenith and exploded.
Steve felt the magical fire hit his back with a sharp, hot blow that knocked the breath from his lungs.  Suddenly, his limbs felt strangely heavy and his ears were buzzing. Amora was screeching at him, but he couldn’t understand the words, and then she was gone. With a groan, he pushed himself up onto his hands and knees and then all the way to his feet.  Thor was helping Loki up from where he’d fallen.
“Thank you, brother,” Thor said seriously.  “You took the spell that Amora meant for me.”
Loki yanked his arm away from Thor.  “Had the Soldier not interrupted her working, I would have done nothing, but that fool has just made the situation worse.”
All eyes turned to Steve.  
“What?” he asked.  “She was attacking Thor.”
“She was not attacking him,” Loki said through clenched teeth.  He pressed the heel of his palm against his forehead.
“Do you need a healer?” Thor asked, moving closer to Loki.
“No!” Loki spat at him.  “The spell will run its course, there is no stopping it. Should you wish to say your goodbyes to the good Captain now, I suggest you do so.”
Steve blinked. Other than the strange buzzing in his ears, he felt fine. “What do you know about the spell?”
Loki shrugged, agitated. “It is meant to coerce another.  Submit and find salvation, refuse and perish.”
Frowning, Steve tried to read between the lines.  Loki wasn’t looking at him directly; in fact, he was avoiding Steve’s gaze completely and that was unusual for Loki.  “Is there any chance we’ll survive?” he asked.
Loki stiffened and then shook his head. “No.”
“Tony,” Steve began.
“On it.”  The Iron Man suit crunched over gravel as he started away, repulsors beginning to glow as he prepared to launch.  “Big Green, I need Bruce as soon as you get a minute to calm down.  Everyone get back to the Tower.”
Steve found his focus slipping on the way back.  His thoughts kept wandering to Loki and he couldn’t help glancing toward him.  Not once did he see Loki return his look, but he noticed that Loki’s hands were gripping the straps of the Quinjet jump seat so tightly that his knuckles were white.  
He’d never noticed how beautiful Loki’s skin was before.
To everyone’s surprise, Loki didn’t say a word as he was lead into a containment cell and shackled.  In fact, he even tested the chains around his wrists and ankles to make sure they could hold him.  He didn’t protest when Bruce drew blood samples and swabbed his skin and mouth.
“That’s creepy,” Clint commented.  “It’s like he’s afraid of what’s going to happen.”
Steve only frowned harder.  He settled onto a chair and allowed Bruce to collect the same samples from him as well.  Compulsively, he kept turning to look at the door to the containment cell.  “Should we be worried about me?  If Loki thinks he needs to be chained up, then,” he couldn’t finish the sentence.
“We still don’t know what this is.” Bruce pressed a cotton ball against the inside of Steve’s elbow as he withdrew the needle.  “But you’ve got a point.”
“He knows more than he’s saying.” Steve got out of the chair.  “I’ll try to talk to him.  Since we’re in this together, maybe he’ll tell me how I’m going to die.”
No one disagreed, although none of them looked comfortable with it.
Steve felt a quiver in the pit of his stomach as he approached the door.  It slid open with a whisper.  He was barely through the doorway when Loki began to shout at him.
“Get out!  Get out!  You fool!”
“Whoa.”  Steve held up both hands, sticking to the far wall.  “Just here to talk.  Bruce and Tony are going to figure this out.
Loki’s laughter was brittle and a little breathless.  He sat down, chains rattling, and dug his fingers into his hair.  “If you know what’s good for you, you’ll get as far away from me as possible.”
“Why?”
“So we can both die in peace.”
“There has to be a way to stop this.”  Steve took a step forward.  He wanted to go to Loki more than anything, though he couldn’t quite put his finger on why.  
Loki recoiled away from him, eyes narrowed.  “The cure is worse than the disease, believe me.”
“It can’t possibly be worse than-"
“Tell them to turn off the cameras and the listening devices or I will disable them,” Loki interrupted.
“Okay, okay.  Tony?”  He looked up at the camera over the door.
Tony’s voice came over the speaker.  “No can do, Cap.”
“Just the audio?”
A pause.  “Just the audio.  You have ninety seconds.  Starting…now.”
“Alright.”  Steve resisted the urge to take a seat beside Loki.
“Amora is obsessed with Thor,” Loki began without preamble.  “Her spell was to secure him as her own.”
“What, a love spell?”
Loki snorted.  “Hardly so romantic.  Since I am pressed for time and cannot hope to explain the workings of magic to you, I will be indelicate.  Either we have sex or we die.  It’s quite s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Tropes
Love the Tropes
Embrace the Tropes
Mate or Die Trope
sex spell
consensual voyeurism
Mildly Dubious Consent
Sexuality
Self-Hatred
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Extremely Dubious Consent
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
The Author Regrets Everything
And is very sorry about all of this
this fic is not a sex ed lesson
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Suicide Attempt
this fic is a hot mess
Asexual Steve Rogers
Because I DO WHAT I WANT
Fuck Canon
in case that wasn’t clear

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

