Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Harley’s fingers drummed against the window sill in time to the rhythmic bumping of the bus as it trundled along the road. His gaze sweeping across the landscape just as it had been for the past fourteen hours. Villages, towns and cities alike had swept past his watchful eyes on his goddamn trek to New York, all equally as uninteresting as the last. Suddenly the bus jerked to a stop as a herd of cows passed by in front of them causing Harley to groan and question why it was he had declined Tony’s offer to catch a private plane was beyond him. Seriously, a billionaire had just casually offered the opportunity to be flown directly to him and out of nothing but his own damn pride, Harley had passed up the two hour flight in favour of a sixteen hour bus trip. Sixteen. He was dying.The engine rumbled back to life and off they went again. If nothing else the trip had given Harley plenty of time to think, and think he had. It was like, all he had been able to do. So he’d sat and he’d thought about how stupidly excited he was to  finally  be going to New York to hang out with Tony. He’d practically been begging for it since the moment he met the man. Well, really he’d been expecting their crazy meeting would be a one off and that would be the last he’d hear from Tony Stark because why the hell would Iron Man make time to check up on some random kid? But after that night he’d come home to see his garage totally transformed, well, he’d learnt that Tony Stark wasn’t one to just let his allies be forgotten. Yeah, he’d called Harley an ally. What a loser. At last though, Tony was letting Harley come visit. Apparently he was not going to allow an “actual child free reign of my lab Harley, I know my reputation but I’m not  that  irresponsible,” or whatever. But Harley had just turned seventeen which means Tony basically had no more excuses left. Plus, Harley was pretty sure he wanted him to come visit anyway. - An hour later and Harley was nearly there. So. Damn. Close. He’d just received a text from Tony telling him that Happy would be at the station to pick him up. Thank god, he was not in the mood to get on the New York subway after the trip he’d just taken. His fingers hovered over the keyboard, almost tempted to ask why he wouldn’t be picking him up himself. It was probably because of that kid. Really, he didn’t mean to let the grimace cross his face yet that’s exactly what happened. Of course it was because of that random kid, figures. It’s been fine at first, just a passing mention by Tony that he had hired some new intern that was pretty smart. What else was new at Stark Industries? But then he’d come up in conversation again. And again. And again. Tony seemed insistent in mentioning the guy practically every time they talked which, uh, yeah was  not  often and Harley seriously didn’t need to waste half of the very limited time he spent actually talking to Tony spent on some random kid he’d never even met. Seriously it wasn’t like he was jealous or anything.  Oh, shit.Maybe he was. Ahhh fuck. That would explain literally so much. It would explain the way Harley’s blood heated in anger, the way his eyes would roll back in reflex the moment he heard the words “My intern did something pretty impressive yesterday, I think you’d really get along”, it would also explain the incessant need Harley had been feeling for the past few months to just get to New York and  prove  to Tony once and for all that Harley was not just some random kid that he happened to have run into when he needed help. Harley was smart. Harley helped save Iron Man when he was twelve. Harley was better than whoever this Peter kid was. And he would prove it. - “There you go kid,” said Happy, whose name, Harley had learned, was hilariously ironic, “Now what’s the deal when you see him?” “I tell Tony that you are not a chauffeur to all the random children he decides to adopt.” Harley chimed dutifully, repeating the words he’d heard at least a half dozen times on the ride over to the tower, and woah. What a tower. He took a moment to just peer up at the crazy tall building with a giant A stamped on the side, sheets of glass reflecting the morning sun.Oh hell yeah. He could get used to a view like that. Then a cloud passed out of the way of the sun and the beautiful reflections suddenly turned to a blinding glare which effectively reminded Harley just why it was he never woke up in the morning. He blinked the spots out of his eyes and immediately wished it was night, he was seriously not a morning person. He entered the tower, feeling out of place the moment he walked through the shining doors to an impeccable lobby filled to the brim with fancy people in suits that probably cost more than his entire house. He watched them all, scurrying to and fro, and wondered if they actually had important places to go or if they all just liked to appear like they did. Huh, maybe that was all anyone was doing in places like tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
they're both seventeen here
Slow Burn
kind of
Identity Reveal
Flirting
just... so much flirting
i know this isnt a popular ship whoops
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
All The Tropes

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

