Chapter 1: It Was Just a Question
    




Chapter Text
New York, New York. Home of…everything, if the brochures could be believed. You’d never been before, being a poor shlub from nowheresville, Iowa, but your best friend was rich enough to travel, and she dragged you everywhere. “If I’m gonna be a successful sugar mama, I’ve gotta practice!” She teased. “So let me practice spoiling you! Be my sugar baby, without benefits!” You would always laugh, and just let her do whatever she wanted. Now she had dragged you all the way to this big, loud, full city, determined to show you all the sights. And that suited you just fine.One of those sights was the newly reacquired and refurbished  Avengers Tower.  It was still a popular tourist destination, and it was also your first stop.“I know how much you love those guys.” Tara had told you. “We’ll score you some merch, and if we’re lucky, maybe we can spot one of them.” You certainly hoped so. You needed to speak to one of them, any one would do. You just needed to know why your best friend was still alive, when you had seen her crumble to dust before your eyes.You weren’t crazy. You knew you weren’t, though you had doubted yourself for some time. You remembered people dying by the billions, all across the world. In your own little corner of the planet, your father, Tara, your boss, and so many coworkers and friends had just disappeared, blown away on the wind. Most of your small town was simply gone. It hadn’t ended there either. With so many people gone, the world’s infrastructure began to collapse. There weren’t enough people left to do all the things that needed to be done.  Not enough doctors, nurses, or caretakers. Not enough people to distribute essential supplies, like medicine, or food.  Not enough people to keep power, gas, or water up and running.  Parents had disappeared, leaving behind far too many helpless children, some of which had not been found in time. Half the world had died, and the other half started following them. It was chaos. It was the end.And then it had never happened. All that suffering, and no one you knew seemed to remember a thing about it. For a time, you’d thought you were losing it. But you’d found hidden communities on the internet, full of people like you, people who remembered.  No one really knew what caused it in the first place, or what caused it to revert, but these people, only a few hundred out of the seven billion the Earth boasted, they remembered. They proved you weren’t crazy.So you knew it had happened, you and all of them. You knew it had been real. What none of you knew, however, was any details other than that. There were dozens of theories, maybe hundreds, but no concrete answers. You were of the crowd who believed the Avengers had something to do with it. It seemed like wherever disaster struck, they were there, at least trying to help.  You knew it was a long shot, but you had to believe they would help you as well.As tours went, it wasn’t bad. If you hadn’t been so busy keeping a lookout for world famous faces, you would have found it pretty interesting.  But you’d spent so much time trying to memorize everything you could about every Avengers' appearance, so that you wouldn’t miss one if you managed to spot them…There! Two men, walking fast, one very big, one not as much. You allowed the tour to leave you behind while you observed as closely as you could. Yes, you recognized the big one. Most of the pictures of him showed long hair, but the features were the same. You’d found one. And on your first try too!The other man felt familiar somehow, but you couldn’t quite place it in your excitement that the mighty Thor, a hero and a god, was right there in your view. Perhaps this man was a bodyguard? He was impeccably dressed in black, and more black, and looked as if he could be quite intimidating. No, that was a laughable thought. Why would a legendary god-king need a bodyguard? More likely this was an agent, or a handler, someone to help the otherworldly being through human protocol and customs. You would likely have to go through him in order to ask your questions.You approached carefully, trying not to be spotted. They seemed to be in a hurry, discussing something between them in a language you didn’t know. When the tour was far enough away, you spoke up.“Um. Excuse me.” The words came out tiny and weak, your excitement and apprehension stealing your voice. You cleared your throat. Neither man showed any signs of acknowledging you. “Hey. Hello there. Pardon me!” You tried again. “May I speak with your boss?” Nothing. Either they didn’t hear you, didn’t understand you, or didn’t realize that you were talking to them.They were approaching an elevator. You would never be allowed in there with them, security would kick you right out onto the street. It was now or possibly never. Desperate, you dashed up to the man in black, and grabbed him by the hand.You only meant to get his attention. Just to stop them long enough
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
mentions of past death
mentions of pain
Panic Attacks
mild violence
Kidnapping
Mentions of genocide
mentions of fear of sexual assault
Blood
Murder
physical assault
Minor Sexual Assault
Nudity
Sexual Content
slowburn
Culture Shock

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

