Chapter 1: Putting plans in motion
    




Chapter Text
Things were going to fall apart and there was very little he could do about it – which was, sadly, the story of his life. He needed more time.Damn Odin.Loki had spent the last few years making plans for Thanos, taking advantage of the stroke of luck that had been Odin falling into the Odinsleep after Malekith’s failed attempt to destroy the universe. As Odin, Loki had been able to command Asgard and start preparing the Nine Realms for Thanos’s inevitable return. It had not been easy, of course, since Loki could not just come right out and explain what was going on. Fortunately, Malekith’s sneak attack had been enough to get people on Asgard off their asses and begin to take threats seriously again. They had become far too complacent in their belief of strength and superiority and look where it had gotten them.Asgard alone, however, would not be enough. They would need allies, which had proven to be easier said than done. The rest of the Nine Realms were none too pleased with Asgard as a whole, especially considering the time the Bifrost had been destroyed and its consequent limited contact, and they had no desire to be dragged into a war for Asgard’s sake. Obviously Thanos would be a danger to them all, but Loki couldn’t tell them that, not without arousing suspicion he couldn’t afford to have. So everything had to be done quietly and presented in the vaguest terms. It was, in short, a pain.Add to that the fact that Loki had to pretend to be Odin all the time, and it made for a very tired and stressed out God of Mischief.It wouldn’t have been so bad if he’d had an ally, someone to trust and rely on – or even just someone to rant to when things got hard. Unfortunately, that was not the case. He had nothing. The only one who might have listened, who might have helped, was Frigga, and she was gone. (And Loki avoided thinking about the circumstances of that and his own role in it as much as possible.) Thor… Thor could not be trusted. Not with matters of subtlety or secrecy. (Not with Loki’s life. There had been a time when Loki would have believed whole-heartedly that Thor had his back, but that time was long gone. Loki had his own share of the blame for that, yes, but the end result was the same.) Bottom line, he was alone (again, story of his life), and now his time was running out.Odin had begun to show signs of waking, and when he did the game would be up. Loki didn’t think Odin would completely undo all Loki had done – that would be far too suspicious and Odin was no fool. It would not help him if the whole of Asgard (not to mention the other realms) became aware that there had been an impostor on the throne of Asgard for all this time. It would make Asgard look weak, and Odin would never allow that. As such, Loki was reasonably sure that his plans – or at least some of them – would be safe. The issue, of course, was Loki’s own safety. Once Odin awoke, Loki would have to flee Asgard, possibly for good. It wouldn’t be such a huge hardship since he hated the place anyway (or so he tried to convince himself); the trouble was that he had nowhere to go. He could seek refuge in Alfheim or Vanaheim for a short time, but then what? Spend the rest of his life running? Looking over his shoulder for both Thanos and Odin’s forces?No, he would not do that. He’d had enough of being helpless, a victim of circumstances outside his control. He had a plan, though it was a risky one. Ever since he’d realized that the Odinsleep was coming to an end, Loki had been thinking and worrying and driving himself insane (more than he already was) debating whether he should take that chance.Now he was running out of time. If he was going to do it, he’d have to do it soon. Before Odin woke up. Before he was completely out of options. The decision had to be made now to get the wheels in motion.Loki was scared. Despite the toll the last few years had taken on him, at least he’d been unharmed and free. Free to walk around as he pleased (in Odin or another disguise), free to make his own choices. Free to walk away if he so chose. Once he put his last desperate plan into effect, he was going to lose all that. Freedom would be a much more distant concept. Unfortunately, it was either that, go on the run forever or get thrown back in the dungeons for the rest of his life – and that last one was out of the question. He had had enough of being Asgard’s scapegoat and laughing stock.No, he’d rather take his chances. There was still some hope that things wouldn’t be quite as bad.There was no real choice in the end. He’d have to go to Midgard. The humans were his best bet.Norns help me.*****Loki stood at the Bifrost observatory, alternating between watching the sky above and the void below.This is where it all started, he thought. This is where I looked at my traitorous hands and wondered if I had been cursed. This is where I watched Thor banished and thought that it might be my chance. And it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Odin's A+ Parenting
Tony Is a Good Bro
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
New Avengers are an actual team
Unreliable Narrator
Thor is a bit of a douche
But he's not actually in this story

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

