Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
What kind of idiot moves house on a Wednesday? Eddie Brock, that's who.Actually, technically, he was moving from an apartment to a house. He still couldn't believe it. On his salary? A whole house just himself? And it has a garden!?It was, of course, not in the best shape. A 'fixer-upper' as you might call it. The outside paint, that someone had long ago done in black and grey, was peeling. The fixtures were old; the rooms were gloomy. The garden was totally overgrown.But, as the estate agent, Sophie, brightly pointed out, "it just needs a bit of TLC! It's pest-free, watertight, and structurally sound. A bit of love and attention and it'll be as good as new again."Eddie didn't really want 'as good as new' though. He liked how old it was. It was one of the oldest houses on the street with a slightly gothic aesthetic that stood out from the other pastel shaded perfection. He liked the weird furniture and dated carpets. It said 'lived in'."All the heating and plumbing works, right?" There had to be catch; Eddie was positively sniffing around for it. No way was he getting a mostly furnished house for this cheap.The estate agent's eyes dulled a little. "Well, she is an old one. Everything works, but...""But?"She shrugged with a smile. "I'll be honest - every time it was tested, everything was up to code, but the previous owners had, well, they had complaints.""Such as?""Noise, mostly. Lack of hot water. Bulbs blowing out. But every time an electrician or plumber was called, nothing was wrong.""Maybe she just didn't like the owners?" he said with a smile, running a finger down a door frame."Quite possibly," Sophie continued. "She comes with a reputation, this one." She huffed out a sigh."I really shouldn't be telling you all this.""As sales pitches go, it's not the best.""I know, I know." She woke up her tablet and starting scrolling through listings. "I do have some others we could see this afternoon?""No, it's okay. I'll take her."Sophie practically jumped on him. She had been trying to move this house for nearly a year and could have cried with joy. She just really hoped it didn't end like the last time someone moved in. They had only lasted three weeks. The first night was the night the dreams started.It was late in the day when Eddie brought the last of the boxes up the steps and waved off the removal van. He didn't actually have that much stuff to move, but a last-minute deadline had messed up his plans and everything had to be shoved back. He'd already ordered a pizza to be delivered.He flicked on the lights in the house; the bulbs dimmed before they steadied.The layout was pretty standard. The front door opened onto a hallway where the stairs swept upwards to the left and archways led off into the living room and down to the kitchen. It was all hardwood flooring stained very dark that would need to be sanded back and revarnished, but the real joy was the carved details. All up along the balustrade, over support beams, picture rails and door frames were twisted vines sculpted into the wood. Eddie couldn't stop touching them. They were everywhere and so beautifully done.He took his box into the lounge and put it down by the bay window with the others. The room was dominated by a large fireplace which he already had plans to get working again. He was fairly sure the carpet was last changed in the 70's, the design looking gaudy even with its dull colours; the walls were probably once a pretty shade of blue. The furniture was sparse. The couch was a good size, but lumpy and hideously uncomfortable. However, the coffee table was useful, and there was already a unit to put his TV on.He retrieved another box from the steps outside and brought it into the dining room. This was accessed directly from the lounge, but had two sliding doors to block it off if needed. In its centre was a frankly huge table that could probably sit eight, but came with six chairs. The room was lined with shelves, and Eddie figured it would make a pretty good office. A door at the back was another way to get into the kitchen.He brought his last boxes in here. It was surprisingly spacious in a sort of L-shape with two big windows that looked out onto the patio. To his right, along the back wall of the dining room, was the stove, oven, and a 60's looking fridge. To his left, along the outside wall of the house was the sink, a freezer, and lots of counter space. Dated cabinets ran above and below on both sides. So much space for his meagre possessions. In front of the window on the far side was a small table and chairs to make a breakfast nook. He put the boxes down and unlocked the back door to the garden.Well, maybe once it was called a garden. Right now it was an overgrown jungle, strangled with weeds and grass. Eddie already made plans to tackle it on the weekend and had hired power tools to be collected on Friday. He ima
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Venom as a Haunted House
haunted house au
Tentacle Sex
Dream Sex
Masturbation
possible dubcon
Venom AU
sort of a slow burn
Porn With Plot
Mild Horror
lots of smut
fluff that gets creepy
a weird combination of fluff and angst and smut
things take a turn
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Check Author Notes

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

