Work Text:
Memory comes and goes. It’s normal, they tell him. He had an accident, they tell him.His dog tags identify him as Barnes, James B. It takes a frankly embarrassing amount of time for him to remember that name without stumbling over it inside his own head.‘But you go by Bucky,’ says the man who calls himself Steve. It takes an embarrassing amount of time for — for Bucky to remember his name, too. The third man with them, Sam, makes a habit of introducing himself every morning when he knocks on the door to Bucky’s bedroom to get him out of bed for breakfast: ‘Hey, Bucky. It’s me, it’s Sam. Rise and shine.’Bucky concludes, from the dog tags being there at all, that he is or was in the army. He figures that’s where he got into the accident. Maybe it was even something heroic, and not just a fuckup. He doesn’t ask too many questions, though he’s sure Steve would answer any questions he had. He’s sure of it with a bone-deep certainty that he concludes must mean he and Steve really are friends and no one is punking him.He’s sure, it’s just that —~There are things he doesn’t wonder about.~He dreams in black and white and shades of grey, and the dreams he has are pretty awful.~So he has big gaping holes in his memory; big deal.The first memory he has, the first one he’s aware of without prompting and with no confirmation from either Sam or Steve as to if it’s true, is of sitting in the backseat of a car with his legs stretched out and his hands in the pockets of an oversized hooded sweatshirt.The first words he remembers hearing are, ‘You’re gonna love it in San Francisco,’ spoken by Steve from behind the wheel. He remembers the song played on the radio, upbeat and forgettable and bland. He remembers Steve watching him in the rearview mirror and Sam in the passenger-side seat with one knee pulled up to his chest, one foot propped up on the dashboard.He has big gaping holes in his memory, but these two don’t need to know just how big. What they don’t know can’t hurt them, can it? Bucky is good at reading people, he finds; he’s good at responding to cues. He thinks it might be a little like the way sick dogs will hide their injuries, though he has no idea where he takes the comparison from.~Steve drags home a second-hand television set and they watch a hockey game, the three of them, on a couch that is too small to seat them all comfortably so Steve, rolling his eyes but in good humour, slides down to sit on the floor between Bucky’s thighs with his back to the couch.They watch the game in companionable silence and after some time, Bucky reaches out to run his fingers through Steve’s hair. For a second Steve freezes, then relaxes into it — he relaxes into the touch, and tips his head back like an indulgent cat hungry for affection. It makes Bucky smile.While Steve was away for a work thing for the whole day, Bucky and Sam spent the afternoon fixing a crack in the plaster in the hallway. Bucky isn’t sure, but he thinks it was already there when they moved in; or maybe it was Steve and Sam when they were bringing in furniture. There is still some white paint on Bucky’s wrists, but it has dried. He scratches his nails along Steve’s hairline and listens to his soft, content hum.Steve is handsome. He moves with unselfconscious ease, though Bucky — he’s good at reading people; he’s good at responding to cues — has noticed that when he forgets himself sometimes, or when he’s very tired, he hunches his shoulders like he’s trying to make himself smaller. (Like being smaller would make him more comfortable.)The room is warm and the TV is a pleasant background noise, the only light is coming in from the small kitchen and the street outside, Sam is dozing on the couch next to Bucky, and Bucky keeps running his fingers through Steve’s hair. Eventually Steve rests his head against his thigh, and Bucky imagines him with eyes half-shut. Steve’s eyes are very blue. It’s a little eerie.They’re friends. It feels like they always have been; it feels like a constant, fixed point in time and space.~It’s raining, though it’s not too cold. Bucky has no clue if that’s typical for this time of year, but he enjoys it. The hum of water is calming and comforting, an unchanging white noise, and he comes out on the fire escape to smoke. Usually he does it in the bathroom or leaning out of the kitchen window; Sam doesn’t like the smell, and Bucky doesn’t blame him. It’s a rotten habit. He should probably quit.He sits with his knees pulled up to his chest, back against the brick wall, and tugs the hood of his — Steve’s — sweatshirt low over his eyes.It takes four tries before the lighter works. Bucky inhales nicotine, exhales smoke, and watches the street below. These are the things he doesn’t wonder about: how much it costs to live in a three-bedroom apartment in San Francisco, and what Steve means when he says Bucky’s part of the rent is covered by an Uncle Nick, and why he felt a cold stab of sheer panic earlier when he found a black leat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

