Chapter 1: Captain Marvel
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
‘Here?’Rhodey winced. ‘Well, I had to keep them somewhere where we could keep an eye on them.’ He nodded to the monitor she’d just been watching. ‘You’ve seen what they’re like when they think they’re being “held prisoner”.’Tony sighed. ‘He’s got a point.’‘Hm.’***Steve led what was left of his team into the common room.Rhodey had called them to say that Tony was back. Steve had led everyone to meet him. Steve wasn’t sure what he expected. An apology, maybe? Well, Bucky was no longer here for him to apologise to, as bad as that made Steve feel. Some resolution to their disagreements, anyway. What he wasn’t expecting was to enter the room and see two new faces.The blonde woman looked at them. ‘These are the squatters, I take it?’ she asked Rhodey.‘Squatters?’ Steve demanded. ‘Ma’am, this is our home!’‘No,’ she said calmly. ‘This is Tony’s home, which he has graciously allowed you to live in. Rent-free, I might add.’Tony hadn’t even lifted his head to acknowledge them. He was just bent over some sort of device with Pepper, his hand propping his head up. And completely ignoring them. Rhodey, for his part, had turned away. It almost looked like he was smirking. When he turned around again, though, his face was composed.‘Let me introduce Captain Carol Danvers of the US Air Force,’ he said. ‘She’s spent the last few years in space and picked up Tony and Nebula after Thanos’s big snap.’‘And wasn’t that a surprise,’ she remarked.‘Because Tony was in space?’ Bruce asked.‘That too,’ Carol said. ‘But also because this Tony Stark and the one I remember are completely different men.’ Her eyes narrowed and Steve began to feel anxious. ‘But I can say for certain that you don’t have the context to know that.’At that moment, Pepper looked up, almost smirked, and nodded behind Carol’s back. Even Rhodey was nodding along.Carol looked all of them over. ‘Right. We’ll begin.’ She turned to Scott Lang first. ‘I’d almost ask who you were, but I did a background check. Why did you come to the battle at Leizpeg?’‘Cap called,’ Scott said.‘Is that all?’ Carol asked. ‘Were you given any explanation why?’‘We—’ Steve began to say.‘Shut it!’ Carol turned on him. ‘I asked Mr. Lang the question, and Mr. Lang will answer.’ She turned to Scott. ‘Well?’‘Sam said the world was in danger and Cap needed my help.’‘Did he say what kind of danger?’‘Well, no, but he said Stark was in the way and Hank always said “never trust a Stark” so—’Carol interrupted him. ‘Hey, Tony, did you ever know a Hank?’‘Uhh.’ Only now did Tony turn, and that was to answer her. ‘I think my dad used to complain about somebody by that name.’Scott looked startled.Carol smirked. She then turned. ‘Mr. Barton. I believe you were retired. Why did you return to action?’Clint looked annoyed. ‘Steve said—’‘Oh!’ She interrupted him. ‘So another case of “Cap called” then?’Barton’s jaw snapped shut.‘If you were so bored with civilian life, why did you retire?’Barton said nothing for a moment. ‘Well, Tony got us locked up.’‘Tony does not have the authority to lock anybody up,’ Carol said, as if talking to a stubborn child. ‘In case it slipped your mind while working for Fury, crossing international borders without a passport is illegal. Smashing up public property, like an airport, is illegal. You were all legally arrested and detained in the only prison that would hold you.’Scott suddenly started to look very uncomfortable.Carol turned. ‘Romanoff, I did some reading on your Black Widow Program. And I shared my findings with Tony.’Natasha looked slightly annoyed. ‘The files exaggerate the training.’‘I don’t think they do,’ Carol said. ‘After all, you’ve always jumped sides depending on who you think is going to win. That’s why you defected to S.H.I.E.L.D., after all.’Steve had had enough of this. He stepped up. ‘Leave—’Carol glared at him. ‘Where are your 1940s manners, Mr. Rogers? You just wait your turn.’Steve flinched back.Carol went on. ‘In fact, I suspect the only reason you didn’t defer to Thanos was because you never had a chance to before he was gone. And, despite what you like to tell yourself, you’re of no use to him. You’re just an ordinary Terran. He has plenty of assassins that are unwaveringly loyal to him. He doesn’t need one like you.’‘Agreed.’Steve’s gaze snapped to the side of the room. There was a blue woman sitting on the couch, watching the TV. Rocket was sitting with her. He hadn’t even noticed them there. Steve ignored the news that they were all watching, which seemed to be based around Tony (again!).‘Thor.’ Carol addressed the Norse God. ‘Is there a particular reason you didn’t give Tony any safety measures to observe when it was decided he would examine the sceptre.’‘Safety measures?’ Thor sounded confused.‘Yeah,’ Carol said. ‘You know, things to do to makes sure what did happen wouldn’t? Don’t tell me you expected a Terran to already be aware o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Carol Danvers & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Carol Danvers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
possibility
The Avengers Team get a Dressing Down
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Team Tony
Moderated
Captain Marvel to the Rescue

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Carol Danvers & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Carol Danvers & Avengers Team

