Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  The man must be at least seven feet tall, and if he decided to step on Steve and crush him like a bug, he probably could with only minimal effort. It makes Steve bitter around the edges, but he’s unsurprised. Ever since the raid, everyone he’s seen has been professional basketball player tall, and pro football player big. This one has shoulders like cantaloupes, with golden armor curved around them, along with an honest-to-God cape. It’s not even the weirdest piece of fashion Steve has seen on this planet— heck, it’s not even the weirdest piece of fashion Steve has seen 

today. 

He keeps on thinking he’s seen it all, and then something happens or someone new walks by, and he realizes he’s barely scratched the surface. 

  He doesn’t look very impressive himself. At only about 5’4”, Steve was small for someone on Earth— Midgard, everyone here calls it— but here he is so small he has to look up to see everyone’s faces, and he’s standing on a crate that gives him an extra foot in height. He’s wearing a glorified loincloth, like what Mowgli wore in the Jungle Book live action movie he and Natasha had watched about a week before he was captured. It wasn’t a very good movie, and now Steve can’t help but he spiteful over it. If he’d known he would be kidnapped by a bunch of slave-traders and brought to a whole different world, he would’ve at least watched a 

good 

movie. 

  The man in front of him (Cantaloupe Shoulders), has been frowning at him for the past few minutes, eyes going back and forth between Steve’s body and his own piece of unfolding parchment. Steve doesn’t know how accurate it is, but he imagines the man is looking at a shopping list, or a budget, judging from how he keeps on frowning and picking at his beard in worry. 

Do I have enough for a new slave? No, Marcy would kill me, I just got one last month. But come on, look at this one! You can see the bottom of his rib cage! He’s so small and pathetic, imagine bringing him to parties! He’d be the official coat check, and as soon as a single person gave them their coats he’d crumble under the weight; what entertainment! Hmm, maybe if we didn’t get milk this week, there’d be enough..?



  

Eventually, the man gave up and walked away, sending the plaque around Steve’s neck another reproachful look. It was made of some sort of plywood, and hung around his neck by a piece of scratchy rope, like he was a piece of used furniture for sale. 

Item Overstocked! 50% off today only! 


  In reality, Steve didn’t know what the plaque said, due to it being written in the weird glyphic language everything else on this planet was written in. The people spoke mostly in that language, but he’d heard a few speaking English too, mostly around slaves. The people who’d brought him here spoke the language to each other, but English when giving the slaves commands. Steve could figure out why pretty quickly. It was like in that book 

The Handmaid’s Tale

, where the women weren’t allowed to learn to read or write, as a way to keep them dependent and without information. 

  Also, Steve wasn’t sure if he could learn their language even if he was allowed to try. 

  The sun bore down on him. He’d been standing for long enough that he was worried he might faint again, like he had a few days ago. He was pretty sure he’d been on the planet for almost a week, but so far he hadn’t been bought. The Slavemongers hadn’t been especially cruel yet, but Steve had a feeling that wouldn’t last for much longer if he continued trying to make himself look unapproachable and undesirable. They’d told him as much when they whipped his feet the day before. Again, it wasn’t exceptionally cruel or horrible, but the punishment lasted longer now that he was forced to stand on his bruised feet in the sun all day. 

  Steve had stopped scowling for another reason that just fear of his masters and discomfort from the conditions. He was 

bored, 

and while there was still fear from his situation, it was the anticipation that was beginning to become more of a problem. Steve could not spend another day wondering what would happen next: who would buy him, what they’d want him for, what they’d 

do 

to him. He only knew about Midgardian slavery, but this was clearly not Midgard. Despite the shackles and the parading, this version of slavery was not reminiscent of the African slave trade, which was more than just a little relief. In university, Steve had taken a semester class on early North American development, and the conditions African slaves had been in where horrific. No, this did not feel like that— it felt more like slavery in Egypt, if not better. Slaves from Midgard were to be used as workers, and judging from the people who’d considered buying Steve so far, he could hope it was for help in homes. If he was bought for manual labor, his owners would be thoroughly disapp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Slavery
Alien Planet
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
POV Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Power Dynamics
Power Imbalance
Dehumanization
Collars
Body Modification
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Kidnapping
Ownership
Physical Abuse
Consent Issues
Manhandling
tiny!Steve
Size Difference
Language Barrier
Cultural Differences
Bondage
Non-Consensual Bondage
Non-Sexual Bondage
Companionship
Home Farm
poor Steve has to do farm chores
Tattoos
Punishment
Fashion is relevant
Science Fiction & Fantasy
Gags
Rope Bondage
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Angst
Sex Work
Sex Worker Peter Parker
Minor Character Death
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Dark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

