Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Chapter One: Darkness of Birth Ficception:
Tony winced as the doctor finished stitching him up, glaring in immense hatred at the man across the room who was gazing at a small infant with adoration in his eyes.  He was whispering something incoherently to the infant, but Tony couldn’t make it out.  His genius brain was still in a fog, trying to clear from all the medications that had kept him in a docile, coma-like state, while the infant had gestated in him.
He winced as he felt another needle go into his arm, drawing out some blood, glaring at the doctor who held him down.  He even growled a bit. 
“Oh, calm down Anthony,” Howard scolded.  “You are going to wake Grant.”
Tony grimaced as he heard the name.   Of course he would name the child after his long-lost friend and obsession.  For years, Tony had wanted his father’s love, trying everything to gain it, from building a hover car then to graduating MIT while simultaneously studying at Salem Institute for Magic Users.  
He had always wondered if Howard had hated his gifts he had inherited from his mother, technology and magic didn’t always work together until Tony had figured out away around it; he had figured it out so he could spend time with his dad, but of course that never happened.  Howard always figured out a way to stay away whether it was to do his CEO stuff or to look for the long lost Cap.  Never did Howard make time for him.  How in the hell would he do it for this new kid, Grant.  Tony sure as hell didn’t want anything to do with him.  
“Why?” Tony rasped out.  Month after month they had kept him drugged, kept him prisoner, and impregnated him.  “Why me?  And who is the other donor?”
Howard smiled at his son for the first time.  “All these questions, I’ll do my best to answer your curious mind.  Why?  Because Tony, you have the advanced genetics that we needed.  We tried artificial wombs with your genetic material along with the donor material.  It never took, it always failed.  I even tried.”
Howard lifted his shirt, showing a scar on his abdomen.
“It just wouldn’t take.  I mean, I figured my genetic material with Steven Rogers would work, but . . . sometimes when you experiment, things just don’t go the way you plan.  Then I remembered your mother having you tested a long time ago when we had you tested for the magical gene.  You are what are called a magical carrier in you and your mother’s world.”
Tony sighed.  He had walked away from the wizarding world.  There were too many regulations and strange customs.  He was never going to fit in there and had decided to embrace his no-mag heritage instead.  His magic was still intact, however barely used, and his wand was always tucked away on his forearm, though his father removed it during the abduction.   He would have to find it, and soon.  There was no way he wanted to feel this vulnerable again.
He stared at his father as he continued.
“Tony, you have always been my greatest creation, a brilliant mind with talents beyond all beliefs, even if you squander them away and get drunk at every pass.  You made it so easy to capture you . . . always getting high and getting drunk  Hell, your behavior made your absence from MIT so much more believable,” Howard smiled at the infant in his arms, muttering inaudible things to the small baby.
“Your genetic material with Steven’s made for a perfect match.  And with your magical carrier gene, made this little miracle possible.  Grant probably surpassed you as the greatest creation.  With some testing a little later on in life, we can probably take his genetic material and rework the super serum formula.”
Tony sighed.   He watched as his father, no Howard, had walked out of the room with the infant in his arms.  Tony had never wanted to be a father, and he felt a twinge of sympathy for the baby in Howard’s arms, for this kid would be nothing more than a tool as well.  
Tony shuddered, closing his eyes.
His father had violated him in the worse way.  He may have been drugged, but he remembered his father “obtaining” the material.  Even drugged up, his eidetic memory made it possible for him to remember almost everything.  Damn if he didn’t already hate the man.  He squeezed his eyes shut, willing away the memories and refusing to show weakness.  He was Tony Stark for fuck’s sake.   
He moved gingerly, not wanting to pull any of the stitches he acquired along his side, from where they had pulled the infant out.  There where lingering questions on what exactly Howard expected from Tony, what roles he had to play.  He had only just turned nineteen, finishing his MBA and a couple of PhDs  in engineering now. He was sure that he would have to catch up on the work, not that it would take him long.  
Howard had assured him he still was paying his tuition, and that he had filed for Tony to be on sabbatical for the semester due to “family reasons.”  
Tony scoffed.  At least the man didn’t cut him off financially.  Even though, Tony was sure,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harry Potter
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Protective Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Steve Rogers
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Grooming
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Parent Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's kid
Stony - Freeform
Harry Potter is Steve Roger's Biological kid
Harry Potter and Peter Parker as brothers

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harry Potter
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

