Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Six weeks after the Battle of New York, after Loki had marched his minions through the wormhole to rain literal hell down on the streets and the newly named Avengers had suited up and fought back, the city had recovered in the way that only New York could. The streets were as loud as they had ever been, packed full of cabs, the sidewalks choked with people. Everyone was trying to put their lives back together, the government scrambling to help with the clean up, schools reopening and the markets recovering. Temporary memorials were erected for the ones that had been lost, plans for more permanent ones in the works. Documentaries both professional and amateur flooded YouTube and the local cable channels as the city tried to cope with all they had learned in so short a span of time.Aliens.Wormholes.Super-powered humans.Science that was nearly magic.Gods.The city’s churches had record attendance numbers, and so did the bars. There was a new end-of-times scare every week, preachers on soapboxes warning that Loki had only been the pre-runner of the Anti-Christ, conspiracy theorists shouting about experimenting on humans to create super spies and how the Hulk was actually a mild mannered janitor who worked for Stark Industries. There were rallies for the Avengers, protests against the Avengers, all the day time talk shows could discuss was how the hell and what the hell and oh god would it happen again.As CEO of Stark Industries, Pepper had her hands more than full with the fallout from the battle. There were press conferences and board meetings and interview after interview after interview. Phone calls to answer, emails to write, checks to hand out to various relief organizations.Now that SHIELD was decidedly less incognito than it had been only a few months ago, Nick Fury was a constant presence in Pepper’s life, showing up at inopportune times, being silently but shockingly judgmental with his one good eye, asking vaguely worded questions that Pepper couldn’t possibly know the answer to.The Stark Tower had been renamed the Avengers Tower just few weeks previous. It was a joke originally, an offhand question from a bubbly-but-annoying TV host about how long it would take before the Tower had Stark written all over it again. Tony had bared his teeth in what was hardly a smile and retorted, “Well, maybe the A stands for Avengers.”  It had been a joke, but the idea had gained traction and popularity and Tony had only rolled his eyes when Pepper suggested converting some of the extra rooms into living quarters specifically for the other team members.  “Whatever you think is best, Ms. Potts.” He told her. “I can always go to the Malibu house if I decide I hate my roommates, right?”Bruce moved in almost immediately, and an empty room was set aside for Thor. Clint and Natasha worked for SHIELD full time so they were rarely at the Tower anyway, and Steve was usually gone right along with them.In fact, for all the people that lived there now, the Tower was almost eerily quiet most days, quieter than it had been when it was just Pepper and Tony living there, and it was unsettling for a reason that Pepper couldn’t quite put her finger on.“Welcome home, Ms. Potts.”“JARVIS.” Partly out of habit, partly because she was just a delightful sort of woman, Pepper smiled up at the ceiling as she stepped from the elevator. “Thank you, it’s always a relief to kick my shoes off at the end of the day. Is Tony home?”“He hasn’t left the lab all day.”“Right.” Pepper closed her eyes for a brief second. “Of course he hasn’t left the lab. Has he eaten at all? Or Is he at least playing music?”“No, though I have suggested he do both of those things several times.”“Thank you, JARVIS.” Unclipping her hair, Pepper ran her hand through it a few times before shrugging out of her suit jacket and heading back to the elevator. “Take me to the lab, please?”************************************“Ms. Potts is on her way.”“Thank you, J.” Tony cleared his computer screens with a few key strokes and turned around in his chair with a ready smile when Pepper came through the lab doors. “Honey, you’re home early.”“Tony, that sounded remarkably fifties housewife, have you been watching Leave it to Beaver reruns?” Relieved to at least see a smile, even if it was a fake one, Pepper bent to kiss his cheek. “JARVIS says you haven’t eaten today?”“That is categorically untrue, I had beans for lunch.” Tony forced the smile a little bit brighter. “Coffee beans ground up and ran through water with a smidge of creamer counts as eating beans, right?”“You are a disaster.” she sighed, but snuggled into his lap anyway, noticing but not commenting when Tony tensed before relaxing a little around her. “I ordered dinner on my way home for us. From that new place you liked so much before you know--” a wave of her hand. “Before all of this.”“What would I do without you to feed me.” Tony put both his arms around her waist, then tucked his forehead into he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
(past)
Steve Rogers/ Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Post-Avengers (2012)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper is a good friend
Peggy Knows All
remembering
Steve Remembers What Happened
talking things through
Friendship
Developing Stony
Tonys PTSD
learning to cope
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Aunt Peggy Carter
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Fighting
Heavy Angst
past trauma
Tony Learns the Truth About His Parents
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hydra
SHIELD
Scenes from the Movie
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Feels
Rebuilding
Moving On
Making Up
Hopeful Ending
book two of three

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
(past)
Steve Rogers/ Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

