Chapter 1: Telling the World
    




Chapter Text
It wasn't until six months after everything calmed down from the Snap, once everything was reversed and put back into place, that people started to notice. At first, the only one's who knew were the Accord Council and the Avengers. Tony lived a life he never had, one away from the public eye. He went on dates with Stephen in cruddy diners and didn't get gawked at. He took Peter to parks to play, no one even blinking.It was when they were doing a final world-wide roll call that Tony finally outed what happened to him and Stephen. A press conference was held at SI, all with live DNA test results to confirm that this eighteen year old wasn't taking advantage to a morbid situation."When the Infinity Stones broke, exploding into the cosmos, both Dr. Stephen Strange and I were too close to the time stone. It altered our appearance to a younger versions of ourselves. I would like to to say this once, and only once. We still have our scars, Stephen's hands are still fucked up, as well as my chest. We still have 100% of our memories. I don't want to be asked a million times if I'm adequate to be head of Stark Industries." Tony growled.They still might have their minds, but their emotions are very much like they were when they were younger. Tony was just glad he stopped regressing at eighteen, only miffed that Stephen was further back, stopped regressing at nineteen. There was a murmur from the crowds, and Tony knew what they were thinking. He took a deep breath, his younger pride was drowned out by his older wariness. He was so tired."One more thing before we get to questions." Tony said, taking a deep breath. He was doing this for a new life, for Peter, for himself. "I'm stepping down as Iron-man."The whole room exploded, but fell silent when Tony held up a hand. He didn't have cue-cards, but had rehearsed this enough times in front a a mirror, in front of Stephen. Pepper helped him, the best friend that she is."I will be backing my team from the ground, mentoring the next generation of heroes." Tony assured. The floor was in an uproar, hands were raised, and questions shouted at Tony. Happy stepped forward, but Tony waved him down, he could answer a few questions. He picked at random."Mr. Stark, are you still marrying Ms. Potts?" A woman in the middle asked. "Since you are still of legal age.""No, but it's not completely because I'm younger. By going into Thanos's spaceship, Pepper made it clear that if I did what I did, she would dump me. And Pepper is nothing but a woman of her word. I put her throw a lot as Iron-man. And even though I'm stepping down, she has no guarantee that I'll stay down, which I very much will try my hardest to do. We are both currently in new relationships however. She still is my CEO and we still are friends." Tony glanced at Stephen with a wink. He picked a man towards the front this time."Mr. Stark there is speculations that the rogue Avengers will be given pardons and the Sokovia Accords will be dropped. What do you say about this?" The man asked. Tony snorted, honest to god, let out a laugh."I say that Rogers is still an ignorant man. I say that if his self-righteous ass would have read the Accords he wouldn't have tried to make a big deal out of it. If he hadn't lied to me, he wouldn't have made a big deal. If he knew the power he had over people, he would have realized that everything he does is a big deal. But for the speculations of the Rogue Avengers being pardoned on parole basis, this is true. As for the Accords going away, well that is not true. The Sokovia Accords are being amended, to make sure that enhanced individuals are not prosecuted or discriminated against. It is not giving free reign on any group of individual to just destroy the city trying to save it, and then walk away like nothing happened. That has never been what the Avengers have done, not until SHIELD went down and Nick Fury died." Tony said. "But that's not for me to disclose anymore information about."Tony pointed for a woman in the back, going on to the next question. This went on for a good hour until they were just asking the same things, going around in circles, annoying Tony. This is when he left, leaving Pepper to close the Press Conference like she always does. It was when he was out in the hall that a young woman approached him. Happy was about to turn her away, but Tony waved him off again, she didn't seem threatening. And even though he had stepped down as Iron-man, didn't mean he didn't have Bleeding Edge still nested in his arc reactor."I wanted to ask." The woman took a deep breath. "I'm a report in Queens, Melisa Wu. I know that you have a relationship to Spider-man. No one has seen him since he went up in that space-ship with you. Did he come back? Or is he dead?" She asked, slightly shaking. "I don't care about who he is. But, he saved me once, and I just want to know if he's fine." Tony opened his mouth to speak."TONY!" A screech sounded, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged!Tony Stark
De-aged!Stephen Strange
De-aged!Peter Parker
Post-Infinity War
Avenger's Endgame is being ignored
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Press Conference
Identity Reveal
Supreme Family
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Iron!Dad
spider!son
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

