Chapter 1: Yes Daddy!
    




Chapter Text
You nudged your friend a couple of times, smiling when she whined and placed the pillow on her head. Quietly exiting the room, you shut the door behind you and fixed your hair in the mirror. You pulled on your shirt a little before making your way to your friend’s dad’s office. 
You saw him working on some new tech thing for a car radio, slipping off your flip flops before entering quietly. He didn’t hear you coming in, turning his head as soon as he felt your hands on his shoulders.
“Hey Y/N. Everything okay?” He avoided looking at the cleavage practically escaping your shirt, focusing on the buttons again and swallowing the lump in his throat when he felt your fingers scratch his hair. The buzz cut he just got made him super sensitive to the heat radiating off the palm of your hands.
“Whatcha doing?” You leaned down and whispered in his ear, smirking when you saw his hands visibly shake
“Something for your car actually. Y/F/N told me the auxiliary cord hasn’t been working lately. Changing out the entire piece so you co-” You pushed the tools away from him, circling around the chair before straddling him. “What- what’re you doing sweetheart?” He couldn’t hold back, his hands firmly placed on your waist before rolling up and down your back.
“Can I tell you a secret?” You kept your hands at his neck, occasionally tickling his jaw and giggling at his actions. “Sure thing doll.” He smiled back, sighing when you leaned closer to him, brushing his taught chest and moaning when you felt him grab your ass. 
“I’m not wearing any panties under my shorts.” You pulled away and swore you saw the second his eyes changed colors. He launched himself at you, lips attacking your own before you felt his arms snake under your loose shirt and swear against your skin when he felt you weren’t wearing a bra either. “Such a dirty girl.” He started kissing down your neck, growling when you kept scratching his neck and hair. 
“Turn around baby.” He pushed you off him and didn’t wait until you turned fully around, pulling you back to him aggressively before looking down at your ass. You could feel his cock half hard against your ass, grinding slowly on him and giggling like a school girl when he groaned and pushed you down harder on him.
“So fucking sexy kitten. This what you want?” You nodded, gasping when you felt one hand reach around your frame and grope your breasts while the other grabbed your pussy through your clothes, rubbing hard on the flimsy material and already feeling you getting wet.
“You like that Y/N? So wet for me darling.” You threw your head back, resting it on his shoulder and smiling when he bit your earlobe and whispered filthy things in your ear.
“Been watching you for so long kitten. Walkin around at night in those stupid pajamas that cover nothing. Fuck Y/N you’re so close aren’t you doll?” You only managed to nod again, moaning and whining every time he’d speed up his actions or slow them down.



“Keep touchin myself and thinkin it’s that pretty little mouth. Come on baby girl. Come on my fingers. Let me feel you wet my hands sweetheart.” Between his words and the way he kept touching, you came crying his name over and over again.
“OH DAdddy yes yes ahhh yes-” The second those words left your lips, the moment you slapped your hands on your mouth, dreading his reaction. When he stopped moving all together, you turned around and saw an almost feral look in his eyes.
“Baby baby…all you had to do was ask.” He winked at you, standing up and carrying you to his room to finish off what you started.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sebastian Stan/Reader
Sebastian Stan & Reader
Bucky Banres/Reader
Bucky Barnes & Reader
sebastian stan and reader

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Sebastian Stan/Reader
Sebastian Stan & Reader
Bucky Banres/Reader
Bucky Barnes & Reader
sebastian stan and reader

