Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"All this hard luck in this town has found me

Nobody knows how trouble goes 'round and 'round me

I'm all alone with no one to pet me

But old rockin' chair ain't never gonna get me

'Cause when I get low

Oh, I get high!"

-"When I Get Low, I Get High" by Ella Fitzgerald 
“Unclench.”I’d been standing in the tea and coffee aisle of the supermarket, frowning down at two different chamomile teas, when a slightly mocking velvet male voice spoke from behind me. I jumped a bit in surprise—I hadn’t heard him approach—and then immediately frowned at the stranger.“Excuse me?”A tall, pale, dark-haired wiry man stood there. He wore a navy vest, white dress shirt, burgundy tie, and navy slacks. He had a box of jasmine-mint tea in one hand, and a basket in the other filled with fruit, veggies, and juice. His eyes looked blue at first, but upon further inspection, they had a ring of green at the center.“Unclench,” he repeated, as he tucked the box of tea into his basket. “It’s a simple decision, darling, not rocket science. You’ve seized up nearly every muscle in your vertebrae. Keep it up and you won’t get a wink of sleep tonight.”I stared at him in disbelief for a couple seconds. Anger quickly followed. “I don’t see how that’s any of your business.”He shrugged one shoulder. “True enough. Just some friendly advice. You’ll pinch a nerve at this rate, if you haven’t already.”I ignored the already sharp pain in my right thigh. “Friendly people usually don’t start their sentences off with the word ‘unclench,’ you know.”“I prefer the direct approach,” he said dryly. “Let me make it easier on you.”He reached up and plucked a different brand of tea entirely off the shelf and offered it to me. “This is what you want for the headaches.”I tensed. “How’d you—”“You’re grimacing,” he said without hesitation. “Which means you have one as we speak, and you’ve probably had them for the past month or so. Your posture is positively awful, which means you haven’t slept properly in weeks. There are dark circles beneath your eyes and your skin is far too devoid of color as a result of the sleepless nights. Your back is also out of alignment, evidenced by one shoulder being a little higher than the other. Your memory is sluggish, as is your attention span and focus, which is why you didn’t hear me when I passed by you the first time.”I didn’t quite gape at him, but I came close. He lifted an eyebrow. “Am I wrong?”“You…” I just frowned and put one of the boxes back on the shelf, dumping the other into my basket. “I’m fine.”“You’re also irritable, defensive, and standoffish as a result of not sleeping and being in constant discomfort.” He lifted my basket and dropped the brand he’d suggested into it. “In my opinion, you need to see a specialist immediately before the damage worsens.”“Great,” I grumbled. “I was hoping you’d weigh in on my personal life.”“What personal life?” he scoffed. “You and I both know you’ve isolated yourself to prevent anyone from noticing something is wrong with you.”I gritted my teeth. “Anyone ever tell you you’re a piece of work?”“Constantly,” he said, unperturbed. He produced a business card from his pocket and flicked it into my basket as well. “Monday morning, 9am. Don’t be late.”With that, he turned on his heel and walked away. I waited until he’d disappeared around the next aisle before reading the card.
Loki Laufeyson. Massage therapist.
This time, I did gape. A few of my coworkers had raved about the man to me before at the water cooler. The younger, prettier ones were infatuated with him, which I ignored, but Grace had sung his praises, and I trusted her judgment. She was going on seventy and yet was as spry as a twenty-something, and she had claimed it was all thanks to Loki.Still, though, the man was an arrogant douchebag. I had no interest in being insulted, masterful massages or not, so I pointedly returned the box he’d suggested to the shelf and stomped my way onward to finish grocery shopping.I slept like shit that night.In the morning, I rolled over onto my stomach and groaned into my pillow. My cat opened one eye to give me a questioning stare.I sighed. “I have to go see him, don’t I?”My cat just shut her eye and purred.“Dammit.”
The acclaimed Loki Laufeyson owned a massage parlor downtown, near the trendy, expensive shops with plenty of high-flying, rich, Rodeo Drive-ish people in the city. I coughed up the money for the parking garage, grumbling the whole way, and then made my way to it. There was a pretty brunette girl at the counter answering calls when I walked in, and she politely put one on hold before addressing me.“How can I help you?”I tried to unclench my jaw enough to speak. “I…have a consultation appointment with Mr. Laufeyson at 9am.”She glanced down at her computer screen and then flashed me another friendly smile. “Excellent. I’ll page him and then let you through.”She picked up the phone. “Mr. Laufeyson, your nine o’clock appointment is here.”She paused an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character

freeform: 
Massage
Foot Massage
Massage therapist
masseuse - Freeform
Literal Happy Ending
Vaginal Fingering
Oil
Strangers to Lovers
Belligerent Sexual Tension
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Sassy Reader
Mental Health Issues
Touch-Starved
Spa Treatments
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
reader needs sex
Verbal Sex
Headstrong Reader
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Banter
Food Kink
Whipped Cream
Blow Jobs
Wall Sex
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character

