Chapter 1: Plot Twist
    




Chapter Text
So Professor Stark was a lot like Mount Everest.He was more challenging than most of Loki’s fellow students could handle. He was absolutely beautiful. He was a wonder of the natural world. He was more than a little intimidating.And everyone wanted to climb him.They all failed, though. The girls tried their simpering little games with too-short skirts and ‘oops I dropped something right in front of your desk, Professor’. More than one tried to ‘convince’ him to raise her grade. The guys usually weren’t much more subtle than that. Too many shirt buttons undone, and tight jeans, and ‘sorry I accidentally touched your ass’. Yeah, subtle.It kind of pissed Loki off, watching it happen.They were all so juvenile and pathetic. They desperately wanted something they couldn’t have – some of them just because they knew they couldn’t have it. But Professor Stark had a reputation now. He wasn’t in a relationship. He was a genius, who had a dozen patents and probably a ton of money. And he was absolutely untouchable. The year before, the class bicycle beauty, Christine, had set her sights on him. She’d given up after only a month, declaring that he was ‘totally sexless.’Because of course, even gay men wanted her, right? Ew.The thing was that no matter how much all of them wanted Professor Stark, it was still like climbing Mount Everest. It was going to require a lot of time, and effort, and patience. It was going to require focus, and determination. It was going to require a willingness to go to any lengths.So Loki decided that he would be Sir Edmund Hillary. No matter what he had to do, and no matter how long it took, he would have Professor Stark.Natasha thought it was a game when he told her what he wanted. That was a little odd, since the two of them had bonded back in high school over an unwillingness to play popularity games. They just did what they wanted, and ended up gravitating toward each other. She had also seen Loki determined before. Loki always got what he wanted. He wasn’t willing to accept any less.“Come on, Loki. This is ridiculous. Professor Stark doesn’t sleep with anyone, let alone students.”“How do you know he isn’t sleeping with anyone?”Natasha froze at that.“Been considering having a go at the Professor yourself?”“No,” she frowned at him. “Nothing like that. Clint bet me ten bucks that he was screwing Doctor Banner, so I spent a little time looking into it.”By ‘a little time’, Natasha probably meant a few weeks. Loki did not make bets with Natasha. On the other hand, if his dear sneaky friend had spent a few weeks following the professor around, maybe she could help a little.“You followed him home?”“Duh.”“And, of course, he doesn’t lay a finger on Banner.”“Nope. Not even with the friendly hugging. They’re both really private guys, Loki.”“A conclusion that you came to while following them around?”Natasha smirked at him. “A fact that makes you very happy right now, let’s not forget.”“Indeed, not.” He returned her smile, and started to lay out his plan. She pointed out flaws and helped him to polish the uncertain bits. By the time they were finished, even she agreed that it could work. She still had reservations, though.“It’s a little nuts, though, Loki. I mean, you’re putting a lot on the line for this.”“It will be worth it.” Winning was always worth the cost. Always.“I hope so…”  *  The two of them breezed into the classroom half an hour early, apparently in the middle of conversation.“…because I was tired of him inviting my dates on friendly outings, Natasha.”She did a double-take. “He what?”“I am not kidding. Last weekend he just ran into the restaurant, you know the Italian place on nineteenth? Where I was on a date, and invited the two of us to go play pool and drink beer.”Natasha tried to smother a very real laugh. “Well that sounds kind of like your brother. But you told him? I mean, that had to be a little traumatic.”He rolled his eyes as he dusted off his chair and put his books down. “He was fine. Really, Natasha, he deserved a bit of a shock. He’s known me his whole life, and couldn’t figure it out? And besides that, it’s the easiest way for him to learn. It doesn’t involve him barging into my room in the middle of the night and being forever scarred.”“Okay, point granted. Thor is a ninny, and it’s best he never sees you have sex. Remember to lock your door.”“This is why I prefer to date men with their own apartments, Natasha.”She laughed outright at this, and the two of them let the conversation drop. It seemed like a natural place, and it had gotten the point across. Loki pointedly spent a few minutes laying out his materials; setting his homework on the corner of the table, and readying notepaper and pencils. He was not going to check if Professor Stark had been listening.That was Natasha’s job.“Oh, Hi Professor Stark. How are you tonight?”The man’s smooth, melodic voice sounded distracted. Damn. “Hmm? Oh, fine, Miss Romanova. And you?”“Fine.”L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Dom/sub
Loki Does What He Wants
Protective Thor
Shameless Smut
Odin's not so bad
Not even remotely canon compliant
Awesome Frigga
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Gratuitous Smut
Protective Loki
Natasha Is a Good Bro
romantic BDSM
Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

