Chapter 1: Welcome to My (New) Life
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker woke up.
There was no fluttering of eyelids or drowsy groans. One minute he was asleep and the next he was awake. Although, he had no memories of falling asleep. He tried to recall his last moments. He remembered going out as Spider-man. He helped an elderly woman down some stairs, stopped a fight between two men and prevented a hold-up at a liquor store. A typical night in Queens. But, he could not remember coming home, saying good-night to Aunt May and falling asleep in his bed. 
Yet, he found himself in bed, wrapped in blankets. Stranger though, as he rose up to call out to Aunt May, was recognizing that he wasn't in his bed. He wasn't even in his bedroom. Surrounding him were four bare walls, no windows and one single door. A door Peter imagined was locked. 
His heart pumped faster. He got up from the bed, checking around the room. His senses weren't going off yet. Danger was not immediate, but that didn't make Peter relaxed. After a quick examination, he found nothing threatening. Everything was normal. Just a room with a bed, dresser and a single lamp on a single nightstand. 
None of it answered the burning question in his mind--where the hell was he?
Someone redressed him. That much he was certain as he never owned such soft gray sweatpants in his life. Knowing that, he suddenly became uncomfortable. Someone removed his previous clothes. Saw him in his underwear or worse... did they see him naked? Peter pulled on his sweatpants and sighed in relief. He recognized his boxers. They didn't touch him there. That was good. 
Well, that was not good, considering he was still at a loss of where he was and who brought him to the room. 
Peter went to the door, his bare feet chilled from the cold temperature. He tried the door and as he predicted, it was locked. So, he opted to knock. 
“Hey? Um... hello?" he called. "Anyone?”
No response. Peter sighed and pattered back to the bed to sit down. He thought of May. He hoped she was okay. That whoever took him didn't hurt her. Maybe they took her too? Holding her hostage? Trying to punish him for his meddling. 
No, that couldn't be it. If they wanted to hurt him, they wouldn't lock him in a comfortable room. Nonetheless, he worried for his aunt. He prayed she wasn't hurt and was somewhere safe. 
After all, Peter assumed the reason he was taken was because someone discovered his Spider-Man identity. 
But who? Maybe those drug gangs in Brighton Beach? Or Jamaica? But again, which gang would offer him such accommodations than in a dingy cellar, tied to a chair? Or chained to a wall?
Peter heard a set of footsteps drawing closer to his door. He grabbed the edge of the mattress, holding it tight as footsteps stopped outside the door. Then, with a swipe and click, the door opened and Peter was confronted by a single man. 
He was double Peter's size. Tall and muscular, with dark cropped hair and red-brown eyes that sharpened upon a single look at him. 
"Follow me," the man commanded. 
Peter did not. "Where am I?"
The man frowned. "Follow," he ordered again. "Now."
Where else could he go? If he stepped out of the room, there would be more opportunities to escape than remaining in the room. Leaving was his best option. Get out of the room and once he had access to a window or another door, he would make his leap for freedom. 
Peter got up from the bed and went with the burly escort. To his immense disappointment, he saw no windows. The hallway was had nothing, but more doors. More cells Peter imagined, which got him more curious as to where he was. Who would orchestrate all of his? Were there more people behind those doors? 
Peter tried to get the man to talk to him as they walked, but the man only grunted. No words. Just sounds. Peter accepted the lack of communication and went to silence for company. He took the opportunity to study his surroundings, take note of where he was compared to his room. He counted doors, counted corners and counted the number of people he saw in the hallway. Which were only two: the escort and a woman that got into an elevator. There was no one else. 
The man shoved Peter into an elevator. "Level three," the man growled and upon command, it moved. 
Peter gripped the side of the elevator, using his adhesives to keep him steady. The elevator was fast. They were barely riding it before it chimed and the door opened. The man yanked Peter by his shoulder, nearly throwing him off balance. Even with his own super strength, this man was strong enough to pull him right off his feet. 
Again, no windows in this hallway either. Peter was marched down to a door. The escort opened it and directed Peter inside. The room was not the same as the one Peter woke to. The room had a table and a set of chairs surrounding it. There were some potted plants and a bookcase that had few, if interesting, books to read. 
"Someone will come," the man told Peter and he closed the door. 
Peter heard the clic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Evil Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Has Issues
Protective Steve Rogers
Training Camp
Alternate Universe - Dark
Father-Son Relationship
Mother-Son Relationship
Irondad
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Character Death
Don’t copy to another site
Уточнять у автора

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

