Work Text:
Peter jumped over the back of the sofa, landing heavily beside Harley.
“Guess what.”
Harley didn’t look up from his phone. “What?”
“Three-day weekend.”
“I heard,” Harley replied. “Why are you so excited about it?”
“Why am I so- Harley! Three days of no school! Imagine all the things we could do!” Peter grinned widely at Harley rolling his eyes, finally dragging his gaze away from his phone. Yesterday he’d ended a two-day Twitter battle with a guy who wanted the Avengers Initiative to be outlawed entirely, and he was still reaping the benefits of his win. He retweeted someone’s comment on the subject and locked his phone.
“I’m not gonna be in the city.”
“What?”
“I’m not gonna be in the city.”
Peter narrowed his eyes, feeling his plans for the weekend going down the drain. They could’ve made a pillow fort. They could’ve hung out in the lab. They could’ve run around the Stark Tower and been a nuisance. “Well, where are you going to be?”
“Rose Hill.”
“Rose Hill, Tennessee?”
“Yeah. That Rose Hill.”
Peter huffed and flopped back against the sofa. “That’s nine hundred miles away.”
“Don’t I know it. But I haven’t seen my sister in like three months, so-”
“No, no, I get it,” Peter said, waving a hand. “She was your sibling first. I’m just second fiddle compared to her.”
Harley snorted and poked Peter in the side. “Stop being so melodramatic. You should come with.”
Peter raised his eyebrows and Harley nodded.
“Sure. You’ve never seen it and Abbie’s been dying to meet you-”
“No, she-”
“She obsessively stalks your Instagram,” Harley interrupted. “She has asked me if you’re single three times. Trust me,” he landed a hand on Peter’s shoulder, “girl’s got a crush.”
Peter pulled a face. “She’s eleven.”
“So, you’re going to humour her and be nice and not break her heart,” Harley agreed.
“Hey, hey, I haven’t even said I’m coming on this trip yet. And I’m not a heartbreaker-”
“The public would say differently.”
“You’re the one that said I broke up with Spiderman. You made me a heartbreaker.”
Harley snorted. “You were complaining about people talking to you about it. I solved the problem.”
Peter shook his head but he didn’t dispute the point. “Is there decent wi-fi out in Rose-Hill-back-water-bum-fuck-nowhere?”
“So-so.”
Peter sighed right down to his core. “Sign me up. Oh, you know what we could do while we’re there?”
“What?”
“We could find your Dad – if you wanna, I mean. We don’t have to, but I bet he’s still in the state at least. And like, if he’s a dick I can just punch him, ‘cause I mean, I’m good at that-”
“Uh, it’s fine, Peter. I don’t need to find him.”
Peter frowned. “You sure?”
Harley nodded. “Yeah. I’m mean, it’s been a decade. I don’t want to find him.” He smiled, dropping the matter. “But Rose Hill trip? You’ll come?”
“Sure,” Peter said, trying to push the bad feeling away that came with mentioning Harley’s dad. “You can show me that Mustang you keep bragging about.” Despite this, Peter closed his eyes, resigning himself to the sheer volume of fields he was about to stare at for three days – but he should’ve kept them open, because then he would’ve seen the glint in Harley’s eyes as he formulated his plan.
Peter should’ve at least been prepared.
 
*
 
They took Mr Stark’s private plane, because they didn’t want to spend half the three-day weekend travelling. Mr Stark and May had seen them off, May pressing a kiss into both the boys’ hair and Mr Stark making them promise not to break his multi-million dollar plane.
“I’m a phone call away,” he’d said about six times. Mr Stark had seen enough of Tennessee the last time he’d rolled through the town like a wrecking ball, and the boys were old enough to fly alone.
When they climbed off the plane on the tarmac in Tennessee, Peter took a long look at the flying death trap. “You know,” he said, mild, “my parents died in a plane crash.”
Harley blinked at him. “Seriously? Dude-”
Peter shrugged and clapped his hands. “Alright, Tennessee.” He turned on one foot, pointing at the different things he could see. “Field, field, field. Ah yes, lots of fields. Wonderful. Has this state ever heard of buildings?”
Harley snorted, punched Peter in the arm and started off towards the car that Mr Stark had promised would be waiting for them.
The drive wasn’t too long, and Peter kept himself busy by counting the amount of three-storey plus buildings they passed along the way. Harley groaned a lot at Peter’s antics, but Peter could tell that it was at least distracting him from the way his leg was jittering with nerves.
“How long’s it been since you’ve been here?” Peter asked. “Fourteen.”
“About three months,” Harley replied. “I saw them during the summer, but, remember? I spent most of the break in New York-”
“Yeah, yeah, I remember.”
“It’s so weird being back here.”
“You know what’s weird,” Peter said, waving his phone. “I have no signal. Fifteen? No, I’m not counting that. Fourteen.”
Harley shook his head. “Not weird. There’s entire dead zones out here. I can’t wait to show you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter says Fuck
Brotherhood
Livin that cowboy life
we get super country in this fic
saddle up buckaroo

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

