Work Text:
Steve hated studying. 
He hated studying more than actual exams because it was the anticipation of the aforementioned exams that made studying really fucking nerve-wrecking.
He read the same line once and then twice, huffing out in annoyance as he sat in his college dorm room. He was thankful he didn't have to share with anyone. He didn't really fancy himself a people person and studying with another person loitering in the room would be even worse than going at it alone. 
He sighed, glancing at the clock and wondering how it even got to be so late anyhow. He was distracted momentarily by a dull vibrating across the desk, his eyes shot towards his phone where an unrecognizable number was flashing on the screen. He reached for his cell, accepting the call.
“Hello?” Steve answered with a perplexed tone. 
“Clint you actual fuck! Where in god's sweet name did you run off to?” A loud booming voice cried out and Steve all but pulled the phone away from his ear. He grimaced, carefully placing his cell back and clearing his throat to speak.
“Sorry I, er, think you may have the wrong number?”
“Clint? Can't tell if you're dicking around or not?” The guy said wearily, Steve laughing and shaking his head like the guy could see him.
“Sorry, I'm not Clint. And I'm not dicking around.” He added as an afterthought flicking through the pages of his text book absent-minded.
“Are you with Clint? This is Clint's number, I swear I typed it right.” His voice got quieter for a moment and Steve rolled his eyes at the guy pulling his phone away just to take a look at the screen. 
“Sorry pal, I don't know a Clint. Try again maybe?” Steve suggested, tapping out a steady rhythm against his notepad that was surprisingly empty considering he had an endless list of finals to study for. 
“Ok, sorry for bothering you man. Take it easy.”
“No worries, easy mistake to make.” He ended the call then, placing his cell back on his desk and letting out a loud sigh. He stretched in his seat, neck cricking as he tried to fall back into concentration that he swears he had at some point.
His attention snapped back to his phone which was once again vibrating with a now slightly more recognizable number flashing onto the screen. He sighed, sliding the green arrow across and answering again.
“Still not Clint.” He said simply.
“Oh, I know I just didn't catch your name before.”
“You called up a complete stranger again because you didn't get his name?” Steve was staring at a mark on the wall that he vaguely remembered as the smudge of a dead spider from a few months back. 
“Appears that way, right?” The guy's tone was so contagiously chipper that Steve couldn't help but grin himself.
“Steve.”
“Bucky.”
“Great.” He said with an incline of his head. Who the hell was this Bucky guy? Was he the type that just made friend's with people over the phone because he was bored? Or was he that sociable? Steve didn't know the reasoning and as he glanced at the clock (which read 1.30am) he didn't have the energy to bring himself to care. “So, was that everything?”
“Yeah, I'm going to call Clint now. Sorry to have interrupted your evening Steve.” He was polite at least, even if there was an edge of humor behind his words. Steve chose to ignore that.
“No, it was no problem I'm finishing up studying anyway. Goodnight Bucky.” He ended the call, shutting his textbook and wondering how much studying he could fit into his morning routine. Well if he went to bed now, he could have at least 6 hours sleep, then get up, bathe, coffee, medicine, get dressed- 
He was brought from his reverie by a vibrating in his palm and he physically gawked at the screen. He answered the call once more, ignoring the flutter in his stomach all together.
“You're unbelievable.” He laughed.
“So what you studying?” This Bucky kid was annoying. His voice sounded far too smug and Steve imagined him to be like one of those kids on campus who wore vintage woollen sweaters with obnoxious patterns embroidered into the fabric.
“Art history.” Steve replied anyway.
“Ah, creative type. Would never have guessed from your voice.” 
“And what would you have guessed from my voice?” Steve rolled his eyes, confused as to why he was even still talking to this guy who was quite clearly drunk and in need to find a friend that was not Steve.
“That you're a guy.” Steve laughed aloud at that, finding his laughter echoed by Bucky whose huffs of breath crackled at the phone line.
“You guessed that all by my voice? You don't miss a god damn thing.” His sarcasm seemed to be a hit with Bucky whose cackle reached new volumes. Steve hated that treacherous flutter that bothered his stomach again at the sound of it.
“I was going to say, the Steve thing kinda gave that away.”
“God damn it, every time.” Steve clicked his fingers, smiling as the pair engaged in banter quite easily. Steve didn't have many friends. There was Sam from his art course and Natasha from the room across from his in the college halls but aside from that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Phone Sex
Dirty Talk
Stranger Sex
Age Difference
Social Anxiety
Flirting
Alternate Universe - College/University
Student Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny!Steve
adorably nervous steve is adorable
PWP
Kinda
Masturbation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

