Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 

 Wade Wilson had taught many students over the years – each semester’s teenagers coming and going without so much as a blip on his radar – but there was something different about Parker.  The kid was a natural scientist and mathematician; brilliant and methodical, with an unparalleled memory for numbers and formulas. He excelled in Spanish, Computer Science and Metalwork, able to construct impressive gadgets and models out of even the simplest materials. He was also highly adept in Gym, despite his skinny frame, and could even play a mean clarinet in Band. He muddled through fine in Literature and Art, Geography and Poli-Sci. He was passable in History, Wade’s own subject. He was popular amongst his friends – few that there were – and was victim to the typical brand of bullying one might expect of someone so steeped in geek culture.  Nothing truly out of the ordinary – Wade had seen it a dozen times. But the students who had passed through before failed in one aspect that Parker exceeded in above all others:  He was the cutest fucking thing Wade had ever seen.  He didn’t need telling that it was unethical, immoral, not to mention illegal, to lust after a sixteen-year-old boy, especially one under his tutelage, but the sight of that willowy body and pretty-as-sin face blasted all guilt from his conscience. Parker was, in a word, innocent. He had a sweet, unassuming range of expressions (the way his eyebrows knitted when he was confused or flustered was cuter than Wade could handle), soft brown hair that curled slightly at the ends, and an ass so perfect it deserved its own place in the MoMA.  Whoever said that teachers shouldn’t have favourites had clearly never this kind of shit to deal with.  For the first academic year, he had tried to deny his attraction to such an unattainable object by the best way he knew – complete and utter emotional repression. He’d scarcely glanced in Parker’s direction during class, speaking his name aloud only during homeroom attendance, then jerking off at home ‘til his dick felt ready to fall off. That was until the last day of the previous semester – the day before the kids left for summer vacation. By that time, he was sick of the place as they were, desperate for a few lie-ins and entire days spent watching old reruns in his pajamas with a bucket of fried chicken or a greasy takeout. When the final bell sang through the building, the students had swarmed out the door without a backward glance at their long-suffering tutor. All except Parker. He hadn’t said a word but, pausing in front of Wade’s desk, he’d placed something small and silver in front of him, before smiling sweetly and following his classmates from the room. Wade had watched him go, his eyes fixed firmly on the ass he wouldn’t see for another two months. Only when he was gone had he looked down at the object.  It was a length of silver metal wire, carefully bent and shaped into the outline of an apple, complete with stalk and leaf at the top. Wade’s mind – sparkling with wonder at this unexpected gift – cast back to when they’d been discussing 19th century education, and he’d mentioned that students would give their teachers apples as a token of appreciation. Parker had been doodling some kind of mechanical contraption in his workbook that day (he remembered because he’d been wearing a new grey sweater that hugged the outline of his waist perfectly), and Wade had assumed he wasn’t really paying attention. He’d been wrong.  That evening, he’d found the chain that had once held his dog tags – long since lost in the chaos of his apartment – and threaded the apple onto it through the leaf. He hadn’t been able to stop reaching up and touching his fingers to the metal for days afterwards, just to remind himself that it was real.  That was when his resolve broke like a china teacup under a sledgehammer and he knew there was nothing for it – he had to have Parker. He didn’t care if he lost his job, his reputation (what little there was of it), or any lingering self-respect he may have had. If he didn’t get his hands on that sexy little fucker, he was going to lose his goddamn mind.  The first day of Parker’s sophomore year, he’d made sure the apple was visible around his neck and enjoyed the look of surprise on the kid’s face when he noticed it immensely. He went through the usual motions of welcoming the kids back to their hellish prison for another year, and just as the morning bell sounded, spoke up over the general hubbub:  “Mr. Parker – a word, please.”  Confused (that adorable little eyebrow knit again), Parker told his wingman – Ned Leeds – that he’d see him in Spanish class and made his way obediently up to Wade’s desk. Wade flexed his fingers against the table, rolling the words he’d practiced in his head to the tip of his tongue.  “I’ll be late for class, sir,” Parker said, his bright brown eyes wide and naively inquisitive. Wade enjoyed a mental image of him on his knees, leathe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson Smut
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Minor Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
First Time Bottoming
Showers
Shower Sex
Peter is sixteen
Pre-Scars Wade
AU
If You Don't Like Minor Peter Please Don't Read
Lust to love
Virgin Peter
Wade Is Somewhat Morally Dubious
Quentin Beck In Chapter Two
love rivals
Quentin Is A Smug Little Shit But I Love Him
Threesome

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

