Chapter 1





Chapter Text


“Howard was such a great man, I don’t know where it went wrong with Tony. I mean you’d think he’d be as good as his dad, but he isn’t. It’s a shame too, Howard was amazing!”“Well, you know how it is. He’s a spoilt brat, who got everything he wanted. That only goes to show what cushy childhoods can do. They just make you spoilt and arrogant for the rest of your life.” Clint murmured to Steve as the two stood in the kitchen making some lunch for themselves. Before they could continue, the Avengers alarm sounded. Neither of them realised that Bruce and Tony had been listening to them as they had come up from working in the hopes to get some coffee (well, tea in Bruce’s case). 
——LINE BREAK——
 Things were going well until they weren’t. Something happened to Tony and he was unresponsive as Bruce left early with him on the Quinjet, still in the Iron Man suit. The others heard nothing about Tony’s wellbeing and soon they defeated their villain and were on their way to a debriefing.  “What’s wrong with Stark?” Steve was the first to ask when the Director entered the room rubbing at his temples,“Poor baby get a boo-boo?” Snarked Clint, unaware of how close he was to being right.“Uncle Nick! Brucie, come on!” Came a child’s voice, it echoed through the hallway and soon the door opened showing a four or five-year-old boy breathing heavily, making it clear that he had been running away from Bruce, who walked in seconds later panting after running after the surprisingly fast child. Fury didn’t bat an eye and merely crouched down to pick the child up, “I missed you.” The boy mumbled as he buried his face into the man’s neck,“You saw me ten minutes ago.”“But then you left.” He whispered and Fury rubbed the kid’s back in an apology.“You asked about Tony Stark…well, you’re looking at him.” Fury answered looking at the others before stepping back to let Bruce explain the situation.“From what I can tell, Tony -adult Tony that is- was hit by a chemical solution by our most recent villain, it seeped through the suit in liquid form but somehow it instantly turned into a gas once inside the suit meaning he breathed it in. Thankfully, there was just enough of the liquid solution left for me to analyse and dissect, therefore meaning I will be able to cure him. I’m hoping that I’ll be able to work it out within a week and no longer. I may have to consult the villain and if possible, someone needs to go to his house slash lair slash whatever and get me his notes assuming they weren’t destroyed. We’re going to be in charge of Tony until he’s back to normal. He recognised Director Fury and myself so I can only assume that whilst he has no memory of us, he does recognise us.”“But he called the Director ‘uncle’.” Clint pointed out,“That’s because I was the kid’s uncle when he was this big.”“But you’re…so mean to him and he’s so disrespectful to you.” Steve added,“No. We have a professional working relationship. That doesn’t mean we don’t care about each other. Back to the matter at hand.” The change of subject wasn’t in the slightest bit subtle, but it wasn’t useless,“Anyway, we’ll be looking after him, like I said, however, I won’t always be around due to you know finding him a cure. That means we’re” Bruce gestured to himself and Fury, “going to have to trust you to look after Tony. He is a child and has no recollection of being an adult, remember that.” He narrowed his eyes at Steve and Clint as he recalled the conversation the two had that Bruce and Tony had overheard before everything had happened. Before anyone could respond to the doctor, he had turned away and was looking at Tony from behind Fury as the child was hiding his face. “Tony, can you tell everyone how old you are?” Bruce asked and Tony mumbled intelligible words into Fury’s neck,“Come on, kiddo, you’re going to have to face the music sooner rather than later,” Nick stated turning Tony around so he was facing the group, “I am four years, ten months and twenty-seven days old.” Thor smiled softly at Tony and walked closer,“Wow, you’re a big boy aren’t you?” Tony grinned at him and nodded albeit shyly, “Can I hold you?” Fury didn’t look too happy with the request, but Tony nodded once again and hesitantly reached out for the god.“Be careful.” “Your feelings of concern towards me holding Tony are unnecessary. Back on Asgard, there is a tradition that annually, the Queen will hold a banquet inviting all mothers of children born that year are invited to. My mother took me to one because I was curious and I kept going with her. What I am trying to say is that I have experience with children. In fact, a good friend of mine used to have me babysit her baby girl. I understand that Midgardian’s are more fragile, but worry not, I can and will look after and protect young Anthony.” The child tensed slightly in Thor’s arms, but the god said nothing about it, planning on mentioning it later in privacy.“No one was insulting you, Thor.” Bruce murmured with a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Stark & Thor Friendship
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Protective Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Kid Tony Stark
deaged tony
Steve and Clint are assholes
At the start
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Swearing
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
I'm Bad At Tagging
I'm Bad At Summaries
Uncle Nick Fury
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
De-Aged Tony Stark

fandom: 
None
