Chapter 1: Boom
    




Chapter Text
Flash tipped his chair back a little farther.And a liiiittle more.It creaked. There. He’d found the magic spot. He let go of the desk in front of him, slow and deliberate. His arms hovered in the air, ready to steady him if he started falling, but the need never arose. After an eventless moment or two, he carefully lifted his hands higher and higher until they were raised above his head.He shifted left and right, his butt working, and with the focus of a bull storming the red cape, he managed to balance his weight on just two legs of the chair instead of four.Another win for him.He let the chair fall back down with a thunk and glanced up at the clock, ignoring Mr. Harrington’s heated glare. An hour left. He huffed. How could time drag this slowly?It had to be the company.He was alone in the room with Mister Harrington and Puny Parker. Not one of his better moments, he had to admit. But it was what it was. Detention was impossible to get out of. God knew he’d tried, and failed – quite gracefully, though, because he’d got Puny in here with him, which counted for something in his book.Except Puny was scribbling in his notebook, twirling his pen over the page like a maniac, and he looked for all the world like a happy kitten. Flash would have taken a closer look at what had grasped the nerd’s attention so thoroughly, but what if …You know.
Hedidn’tgetit?
His chest tightened and he turned away from Puny’s secret notebook and the secret sketch he was drawing and the secret, complicated-looking equations. He didn’t need that stuff, anyway. He had other talents. Like, not being a complete nerd.He puffed out his cheeks and let the air escape in a huff.
Fifty-eight minutes to go.
This settled it, then. As far as detentions went, this had to be one of his worst. And, for once, it wasn’t even entirely Puny’s fault.Flash was missing Decathlon practice for this.The school was almost abandoned by now, it was so late.Plus, he’d heard that the cheerleaders were having their dress rehearsal for Saturday’s game.So. Many things he could have been doing instead of … this. Fighting against gravity (a fight he was dominating, by the way) with a chair as his only accomplice.He sighed.Let his hands sink back down, braced them against the edge of his desk and tipped his chair back. Mr. Harrington flashed him another exasperated look, but he ignored this one too, the same way he had ignored the last twenty-seven.Puny’s head shot up. It should have been his first warning, but even so, there was not much time to react. A second later the building shook. And Flash was sprawled on the floor sooner than he could have finished his thought.Or started it, for that matter.It was because of that that he was completely clueless when he fought his way into a sitting position. His mind as blank as a wall – if the wall happened to be white and unadorned, of course. He rubbed his brow. A spot ached like crazy – probably where he had hit the ground. Unimportant though it seemed, the first thing he noticed was Mr. Harrington still sitting behind his desk, looking distinctly nervous.Peter was already in front of the only window in the classroom.Flash could not have that. Puny was not supposed to be the one to keep his balance when Flash could not. He was not supposed to come in first … anywhere except at a Decathlon competition. So he sure as hell wasn’t supposed to be standing tall in front of the window when Flash was cowering on the floor.He was at the nerd’s side in seconds.He wanted to say something along the lines of, “Whatcha doing, Penis?” but his words got stuck in his throat. At about that time, things slowly started to register. Like, really register. As in, oh my God, something’s happening. He stared out the window, feeling his heart beat in his tiny chest.A house on the other side of the street was on fire. Flames ate away at its roof, its upper floors. People poured out through the entrance a few meters farther down, screaming and panicking. Numbly, Flash wondered what might have happened, and as if on cue, a plane-like thing shot over the sky and dropped a fiery ball onto another building. Right before their eyes. The ground shook upon impact and the structure exploded in yellow light.Two torches. Burning bright just metres away from him.Peter turned to him and Mr. Harrington – who was still sitting behind his desk –, pulling his phone from a pocket of his hoodie. “Does anyone have a signal?” the boy asked in an urgent tone that, somehow, crawled under Flash’s skin and prompted him to find his own phone.He fished the device out of his pants. In the meanwhile, one of the buildings on the other side of the road had had enough. It crumbled in on itself, meeting the ground with a booming drrruuuuuumm. The floor shook ominously and Flash could not help but shoot out a hand, steadying himself against the nearest table.People screamed in the streets. Ran.He tried to ignore it as he swiped his sweaty finger 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Stark Tower
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
POV Outsider
Parent Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

