Work Text:
Hank knew, of course, that a world in which Erik Lehnsherr walked – or, he supposed, floated – free was by definition a world in which Erik Lehnsherr showed up periodically at Charles Xavier’s door – or porch, or window, or balcony, if he were feeling like a particularly dickish Romeo (which he usually was) – to cause trouble. He had not necessarily expected “periodically” to mean “eleven months after the White House incident,” given that the nationwide manhunt for “the mutant terrorist going by the name of Magneto” was still going strong. Still, Erik had never exactly been known for his tactical prowess.“Oh,” Hank said, straightening up from where he crouching on Charles’ balcony, and brushing off his hands. “It’s you.”Erik looked less than pleased that his dramatic entrance had been spoiled.“It’s the middle of the night,” he growled. “What are you doing in Charles’ – bedroom.”Hank looked at him.“Adjusting the satellite reception,” he said. Erik, who was still floating a few feet away from the balcony, blinked.“It’s always fuzzy,” Hank added deliberately, and Erik twitched a finger at the antenna.“There,” he said, glowering. “Now move out of the way.”Romance, Hank thought, and obliged. * The school didn’t have very many students yet, partially because they didn’t have any accreditation and partially because Charles had spent ten years stoned out of his mind and had forgotten how to pretend his default setting wasn’t unintentional lechery. Hank wished there were some way to explain to the parents of the mutant children in question that he didn’t really mean it, that he didn’t actually want to – well, but the only real explanation for Charles was that he was just – kind of a prick, which probably wouldn’t have helped anything.Fortunately – or unfortunately, depending on where you were standing – there were enough parents who simply could not deal with their unruly mutant children anymore that Charles had enough pupils to keep himself occupied. Regrettably this also meant that the kids they wound up with were almost all terrors, with only a couple of exceptions. Hank liked those students. He appreciated them deeply.“Fucking – asswipe – punks,” Alex had taken to muttering, glaring at all of the preteens running around, causing mayhem. It had taken him around three days to go from smirking at them in solidarity, in recognition of his own, to hating their guts. And thus was born adulthood.“Remember when Charles was teaching all of us?” Hank said to him one night, when they were sitting on the dumpy couch in Hank’s basement wing of the mansion, feet kicked up, watching grainy reruns of Star Trek and eating Pringles.“I try to forget,” Alex said, not entirely joking, since most everybody else had, by this point, died.“I don’t think he’s very good at… teaching,” Hank said, and Alex snorted.“He’s crap,” he said. “But that’s not going to stop him.” He looked over. “He’s an asshole who won’t take no for an answer, he can literally read your mind, and he’s got money.”This, Hank reflected, hit the nail on the head.Mostly what Charles did was pontificate at the kids, prattling on meaninglessly over their heads while they ignored him and messed around, until he got suddenly very intense and focused in on them one at a time, at which point they cowered and couldn’t do anything but pay attention to him, since he was inside their brains. It wasn’t really a fair fight, but then, it never was, with Charles.Hank, of course, was immune to his dubious charms by this point. He had seen him at his worst. He had more blackmail material than anybody else who knew either of them could possibly dream of, and Charles knew it.Sometimes, Hank thought with a kind of grim satisfaction that did not come naturally to him but which had been a necessary and inevitable result of that last decade, Charles looked at him with something approaching fear, and Hank felt reassured about his place in the world. It didn’t happen often, because Charles didn’t actually enter reality very often. But it happened sometimes.It had taken them a shockingly short period of time to get the mansion back into some semblance of order, and it was only a few months after that that their first students had arrived, along with Alex and his twerpy little brother, whom Hank disliked immediately.“Long time, no see,” Alex had said, and grinned like the asshole he had always been. But Hank, who had been stuck alone with Charles in a moldering house for ten years, had been very, very happy to see him.The real trouble was what to tell the students about Magneto, whom they had all, of course, seen attempt to murder the president on national television, and whom they were mostly either deeply terrified of or deeply unsettled by, or some combination of the two. One or two of the older boys had initially expressed some kind of admiration for his mutant supremacist ideals but had quickly given up on that line of thinking when Charles had done his staring intently thing and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
extremely minimal hank/alex on the side
assholes in love
shitdouche charles xavier
magneto attempts to be a parent
Post-X-Men: Days of Future Past
Hank POV

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

