Chapter 1: Mistaken
    




Chapter Text

Prologue: Mistaken
A beautiful young woman sat alone on a bench. The wind tossed her dark red hair around her pale face creating the impression of a halo of flames. The dark and overcast weather seemed to reflect her melancholy mood. As if to encourage her dark mood a bolt of lightning struck off in the distance to herald a coming storm. She had good reason for her dark disposition. Several unfortunate events had occurred within a very short period of time. She had broken it off with her boyfriend of just a year. The war in the wizarding world was escalating. Her parents had been causalities in the war. And finally she had gotten in a fight with her older sister who had placed the blame of their parent's deaths on her shoulders.She felt alone in the world with nothing, and no one to cling to. She didn't even have anywhere to go. Her sister had turned her away, she had graduated from her boarding school, and again she wasn't moving in with her boyfriend like they had planned. All her life she had felt a sense of being different. Of just not belonging. When she discovered she was a witch she thought she had finally found her place in the world. Magic was everything to her. She spent massive amounts of time learning all that she could. But she still felt like something was missing almost like she was forgetting something. She still felt like she didn't quite belong, and it wasn't just because of all the anti-muggleborn sentiment. This feeling was so much worse now that she was truly alone.She'd had the dream again. A dream she always had when she was stressed or upset. In this dream she was someone else. A male someone. Someone who lived in a towering gold castle in a magical realm. Someone who was being punished and then cast out of the glittering, magical world. She never knew why she was being punished or who was punishing her. Unimaginable pain would wash through her after being sentence. She would be twisted and shrunk into a new shape, and it never failed to make her wake up in a cold sweat. She never saw faces in her dreams. But the dreams were so real. They felt more like memories of a past life than a dream."Do you need some assistance, my lady?" questioned a deep voice.Startled, Lily looked up./Thor did not know what to make of Midgard. It was very strange. The people were tiny, and they rode many strange mechanical beasts. Their cities were loud and disorganized. And sadly there was not a feast to be eaten or a beast to slain anywhere in sight. Thor hadn't wanted to come to Midgard. He would much rather be off on an adventure fighting with his friends, Sif and the Warriors Three. Nevertheless, he had asked Heimdall to send him here without his father's permission. He had come here to prove a point. They had been drinking after a hunt, and somehow the topic of Midgard had come up. Volstagg bemoaned what a horrible place it was and Thor had boasted that it couldn't really be all that bad. Somehow it ended with Fandral betting him that he could not last a fortnight on Midgard. Thor was nothing if not prideful and he had promptly set out to prove him wrong.Now that he was actually here he wished he had taken the time to think things through a bit more. Heimdall had thoughtfully provided him with mortal clothing and some of their currency to aid him. It was a start at least and it would only be for a fortnight. Surely Thor could survive and blend into this strange world's customs for that long. He was the Mighty Thor after all, wielder of Mjolnir.A loud honking noise like that of an angry goose suddenly sounded. Thor looked to see one of the mortal's metal beasts beside him. An angry man sat inside and was making angry gestures with his hands. Thor frowned unable to understand his words with him inside the metal contraption. Confused Thor walked away. He needed to find lodgings for the night and a place to buy some sustenance. Oh how he wished his brother were here. But he was off on some task or other of his father's. He had not seen him in several years. It wasn't a long time in the life of an Asgardian but it was longer than Thor and Loki had ever been apart.Just as he was beginning to feel truly lost, he caught sight of a young woman sitting on a bench. She was breathtakingly beautiful with fiery dark red hair, the likes of which he had never seen before. The woman looked as lost as he himself did. Thor decided to approach her. Perhaps together they would not feel so lost and they would be able to change both their bad days."Do you need some assistance, my lady?" he greeted.She looked up, her beautiful emerald green eyes wide as she looked up at him. She was even lovelier up close."My lady?" she questioned quirking a brow and smirking."Of course, one as lovely as you could be nothing less," Thor said sincerely.She laughed and glanced away, blushing. "You actually mean that. You're even cornier than Potter.""I do not know any potters. But would you perhaps lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
sort of Loki/Thor
Lily Evans Potter/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Loki is Lily Potter

fandom: 
sort of Loki/Thor
Lily Evans Potter/Thor (Marvel)

