Work Text:
Stating the understatement of the year: civil war was a shit show. Tony knew this, his nightmares from Siberia proved it. But he had finally gotten his life back together. He had moved past the fact that his best friend left him for dead in a frozen wasteland. He got over the fact that half of what he considered his family had split and left him. He got Pepper back. He had Peter now. Rhodey was getting better everyday. He was fine. So when the dust settles from Germany and the Accords are quietly ratified away from the mainstream public eye, and the Rogue Avengers want to come home, Tony can’t help but be pissed. They left him. Yes, they had reasons and maybe those reasons were justified, but they left. That was their choice. Tony picked up the pieces they left behind, and he made his own picture without them. He moved on. Now, they’re moving back in. _ The compound wasn’t into full use before the split. Wanda and Vision had rooms before and were living there full time, but most of the other Avengers didn’t. They all had rooms, but they primarily used the compound for training and meetings, choosing to fall asleep in their own homes at the end of the night. Not everyone was moving back at once, just Steve, Sam, and Natasha are the first wave. Tony could handle this, it was probably better in small sets than all at once. It doesn’t mean Tony  likes  it, its just better. Since the three new tenants were all adults and were previously living on the run, they were pretty low maintenance, meaning Tony didn’t really need to prepare much for their arrival. In fact, all he really had to do was to make sure there was more food in the kitchens to accommodate for Steve’s metabolism and add a few more tools to the training rooms. When they moved in, there wasn’t a moment or anything to signify the next step towards making amends. There was no party, no heart to heart, Tony barely acknowledged them moving in. Okay, so maybe Tony was being a bit petty about the whole thing. Deep down he knew the decision was for the better, and living in the same place as them would (long-term) somewhat heal the team. But that didn’t mean Tony had to like it right now. He also didn’t like how this deal also meant that Tony had to move to the compound full-time. He had moved everything Avengers upstate not long after the split, but decided to still spend most of his time in the tower once Peter and him grew closer. It was hard for the kid to travel an hour outside the city and back on a school night, so Tony’s lab and suite in the tower was their go to spots. Peter would occasionally accompany Tony to the compound for a weekend trip, but not too often. Now, Tony had to figure out what to tell the kid about why he would be living in the compound now, and whether that meant him and Peter could work together as often. Tony didn’t want to tell Peter about the other Avengers, mainly because he was nervous Peter would want to meet them. He didn’t want the Rogues knowing about Peter because he had to protect him. Peter was Spider-man, but he was just a kid. Tony doesn’t often regret bringing Peter along to Germany, but the memories of Peter crashing to the ground unmoving still makes Tony’s heart rate spike. He is just a kid. Logically, Tony knew the trio wouldn’t harm Peter  without provocation but Tony also knew Steve plunged his shield into his chest when they were supposed to be  brothers best friends. Peter is a kid. His kid. Tony realized how irrational his thoughts were but his primal instinct to protect what he holds closest to him completely and irrationally took over. So no, neither could or would know about the other. _ The first month and a half, it worked out for the most part. Peter was a bit disappointed that Tony would be spending most of his time at the compound, but he often drove into the city to spend afternoons with Peter at the tower like before. Peter didn’t visit the compound because of how busy his schedule is getting with school and extracurriculars. Decathlon practices were getting longer and longer to prep for upcoming competitions and exam season was approaching quickly. When the duo was together, Peter could sense something was off. Tony’s heart rate was consistently slightly faster than it was before, and he was getting migraines more often than usual. Peter noticed the man wasn’t sleeping as much, and he was constantly tense. His eyebrows, his shoulders, his hands, everything held the stress the man was feeling. Peter didn’t want to pry, and he knew Tony would open up when he wanted to, so the boy helped in other ways. Movie nights were the easiest. Tony’s migraines usually would go away if they watched a comedy or Disney movie. The mentor would sit on the couch, slightly reclined and his legs propped up. Peter would resume his spot next to him, curling into his side and resting his head in the crook between Tony’s shoulder and head. Running his hands through Peter’s curls calmed him. Peter would feel so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
peter meets the avengers
this is kinda anti steve but not anti steve
Tony is STRESSED
Precious Peter Parker
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

