Chapter 1: The day before - Meeting galore!!
    




Chapter Text
"Rogers and his team will be here tomorrow morning at 0800 hours." Sarah said, walking up and down the line of New-vengers. She held a clipboard in her arm that had a list of important points that needed to be disgust in this meeting before Rogers and his team arrived.
She was the liaison for the Avengers that the Accord Council hand-picked from thousands of willing and qualified participants. It was her ability to stay hyper focused and get things done no matter how incompetent her work-group was. She would force her rule if she so had to. She took no shit and no prisoners and absolutely no excuses. She was the poster-child of 'unbiased third party'. And this is why she stood in front of six of the world's most powerful defenders.
"The final draft of the Accords that you and the council have agreed upon. King T'challa has been given the document to sign. He has so willingly as Black Panther." Sarah stated, not the King T'challa was ever in need of signing them, he has his own people's council to answer too. But it was a sign of faith to the rest of the world, now that Wakanda has revealed itself to the rest of the world. "Along with his signature, James Barnes has signed the document. He has asked for no one to mention this to Rogers and his team. He has also liked to only be put in the field in the upmost necessity, deeming himself too dangerous. On that note, T'challa does give his consent that James Barnes has been cleansed of any Hydra brainwashing, and will not be a threat." Sarah took out an envelope and handed it to Tony. "This is for you, from James Barnes. He has said he'd like you to read it, but would understand if you throw it away."
Tony took the envelope gingerly, looking at the battered paper, it was old, with dirt and grim on it. It was much older than a few years, and Tony almost felt like it was about to burst into dust. He gestured for Sarah to continue as he slowly opened the parchment.
"Has any other of Roger's team signed the Accords?" Carol asked.
"Scott Lang has, but he will be going with Hank Pym and his daughter Hope. All is approved by the council." Sarah answered as she walked back to her spot. "Are we going to keep Mr. Barnes's signature confidential? The Council said it was up to the Avengers to make the decision."
"I see no reason why we have to tell the rogues of Mr. Barnes's actions. He has signed the accords, so he knows what he can and cannot do. And since we know he's signed, his reasons for not saying face is personal and not to fuck us over, for lack of a better phrasing." Stephen said, inspecting his nails. "What do you think, Babe?"
Tony looked up from the letter, slight tears in his eyes as he read it over and over again. The envelope consisted of two letters. One was from Barnes, explaining how even though he had no control, he still regretted, still felt guilty, still wished he had never fallen off that damned train during the civil war. He apologized for what happened in Siberia. Even though words didn't mean much, Tony accepted the sentiment. Unlike Steve's letter, this one was an actually apology, the words 'I'm Sorry' scrawled over the pages multiple times. Bucky didn't blame Tony for reacting the way he did, Bucky understood, would have done the same. But when Steve attacked, it triggered something in Bucky. He had profusely thanked Tony for the tech that helped clear his head, got him out of Hydra's clutches. 'I've keep this safe, I don't know why, but something inside me just needed to keep this safe. But now I need to return it to you. I'm sorry.' was written at the end.
It was the second letter, in it's own old envelope that Tony felt his heart clench. A photo of his family, his true family fell onto his lap. It had his mom holding a four year old him in her lap with Edwin Jarvis standing behind her, and Anna Jarvis fussing over her husband's suit collar, and Peggy Carter squatting down, planting a kiss on little Tony's chubby cheeks, him squealing in excitement. The letter was brief, just the usual telegram he'd always received from his mom when his parents went away on a business trip. Reading her words again, seeing her handwriting. When he was younger he had thrown away the cards as soon as he got them, and through out his life, more and more things from his mother, Peggy, and the Jarvis's had been destroyed and went missing. To have something again was so...
"We keep his secret. It wasn't Barnes's fault Rogers decided to go off the rails. He wasn't in the right mind to make decisions, and Rogers took advantage of that." Tony said. "If King T'challa says he's not harmful anymore, then we'll believe it until proven otherwise, this is America after all." Tony folded up the letters gentle, replacing them into the envelope. Stephen gave his shoulder a soft squeeze. Tony brushed away the tear that had fallen from his face, damn teenage emotions always getting the best of him.
"Are you sure?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged!Tony Stark
De-aged!Stephen Strange
Dialogue Heavy
meetings
Not Captian America Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Team Iron Man
Bucky Barnes Friendly
Sam Wilson Friendly
i love bucky too much
he's apart of my 'broken white boy' club
other members include tony&stephen
Because I can
(Even though I've always seen Tony as a latino-mix)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

