Chapter 1



        Chapter by tisfan




Chapter Text
“This? Is a dragon?” Princess Whitney of Frost stared at the tiny thing clasped between her palms. “I was expecting something… well, bigger.”The glass bottle she held was no larger than her hand, spread fingertip to thumb, and inside it  was a plug of moss, a few birch tree branches, a rock, and-- a very tiny reptile. If the creature hadn’t been bright red with a golden underbelly, Princess Whitney might have thought she was looking at a lizard. The slimy sorts of things that her brothers, the now dead and unmourned, crown prince and spare heir, had put in her bed when she was a child.The court wizard, Mysterio, shrugged. “You weren’t very specific, Highness. You asked for a dragon, I got you a dragon.”Whitney glared at the man. He was going to learn, soon enough, that one did not mock the princess. She’d already gotten rid of her most ardent detractors, and a handful of unacceptable suitors, as well. He’d do well to speak to her with respect. “What am I supposed to do with an infant dragon? They take centuries to grow into a reasonable size.”“Suppose it depends what you need it for,” Lord Justin of the Hammer said. He was a suitor, too, of sorts. The sort that did what the hell Whitney said. Justin was stupid, but not bad looking. He would do as a puppet on the throne.Stupid laws, saying women couldn’t rule. As soon as she married and got herself a malleable man as King, she was going to change some of those laws. Gradually. And then no one was going to be in deeper mourning than the recently widowed Queen.“Such as?”“Well, if you just need dragon scale, or blood, for a protection spell,” Justin said, “you can kill this one, easily enough.”“I was sort of hoping for a nice big dragon,” Whitney complained. “Something that could sit on my treasure pile and take care of it for me.”“Pretty sure the words nice, big, and dragon do not belong in the same sentence together,” Justin said. He laughed at his own joke, which was really intolerable. First off, Lord Justin just was not that funny. Secondly, he had a terribly annoying laugh.Princess Whitney sighed and wondered how much longer she was going to have to put up with this before her father would agree to marry her off. She had to be married before she killed her father or her plan was not likely to work. Right now, the King still had a young wife, the possibility of a male heir was keeping the more aggressive suitors at bay. Once Whitney was orphaned, though, they’d come out in droves, and since it was the High Priest, then, who would select her husband (and therefore the King)... well, she didn’t trust the High Priest, either.“I’m not going to wait a hundred years for this thing to grow up,” Whitney declared, rattling the bottle around. The dragon inside clung to its birch stick for dear life. “Get me a bigger dragon, warlock, or it’s your head I’ll put on a pike to guard my treasure.”Mysterio didn’t look suitably cowed.Princess Whitney needed a new magician, too. She tossed the bottle with the little dragon onto the table. She’d figure out what to do with it later.***The hour between sunset and the closing of the castle gate -- was the best time. It was just dark enough that people didn’t notice Bucky’s empty sleeve, and the gate was crowded enough at exodus that he could slip away without getting harassed by most of the castle guard.Being a vagabond was against the law. Even if Bucky had lost his arm in the war, and it wasn’t his fault that he had trouble getting, or holding down, a job. No one cared about a soldier, after they were off the battle lines.Bucky did, technically, have a small home at the very edge of the glassworks district. He did odd jobs, sometimes. Even a one-armed man could put wood on a fire, or sweep the floor.He was also a midden-boy. He wasn’t too proud to poke through the trash in the alleyways of the wealthy, finding bits and bobs that he could wrap up in his pouches and take home. Sometimes he could sell them. Sometimes he found scrap metal or broken glass, and those could be melted down in the forges.He’d timed it just right, this evening. Slid between two guards and actually made it inside the castle walls. That was rare; not that the King and his daughter didn’t have a midden pile, they did, just as much -- maybe even more -- as anyone else. Sometimes, Bucky could sweet talk a royal chef’s assistant into a bit of food that wasn’t pretty enough to serve to the Princess.Bucky made his way past the courtyard.Sometimes, he wondered what was wrong with the royals, that they threw away so much worthwhile stuff. In the first few minutes, Bucky found not one, but three pairs of silk women’s stockings, and only one of them had a hole large enough in it to need darning, the rest were fine. The lady’s gown he found was too big to stuff in his backpack, but he used his little knife and neatly trimmed the lace and buttons off it. A silver shoe buckle made its way into his pocket.And then 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
dragon - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Magic
tiny dragon
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Canon Disabled Character
Shapeshifting
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
non human/human relationships

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

