Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
Walking through Stark Industries was something Pepper had always enjoyed. She liked how clean and in place everything looked. She enjoyed the way everyone had a place and that everyone seemed to enjoy said place. It was nice to walk the R&D department and see everyone working hard and improving projects that were the life and backbone of the company.
Her favourite part of it was that it was something she and Tony shared. That she could say in all honesty that it was something they had built up together. And that he would say the same. To her at least. The thought of Tony had brought a smile to her face, but it was one that faded quickly into a frown. Tony was spending more time than ever in his lab, with the exception of the months following his return to America from the Ten Rings, locked away from the world and in no shape to be in the spotlight. It was a problem that had really picked up after Sokovia and it worried Pepper more than anything else. Prior to the events in the small country Tony had been getting better, he spent more time sleeping and less time in the labs. He spent more time with Pepper. She didn’t want to sound selfish, but it was somewhat unsettling when you partner wanted to spend more time with robots than with you.
Also, she knew what his coping mechanisms were like and there was no way that she was letting him fall into those again.
As it would happen, she was actually heading to the labs to find her boyfriend. To make sure he was doing alright and to get a second opinion on whether or not she should present the new Stark Phone model at the press conference in Tokyo she would be attending. She wouldn’t be asking Tony to attend, he was having a well deserved break. She would, however, ask Rhodey to keep an eye on him while she was gone. She felt best knowing there was someone there for him, even if it couldn’t be her.
“Which lab is Tony in, Friday?”
“Boss is in his private lab,” the AI replied.
Pepper frowned, hoping she hadn’t been locked out again, “And am I allowed in?”
“He’s asked that you be the only person with access.”
She smiled. That was a nice thing to hear. She turned a corner and headed into an elevator. All it took was a scan of her card and she was on her way to the uppermost lab of the tower. Where, if she had to admit it, all the coolest stuff was developed. When she got to the lab she typed in the access code and opened the door, coming into full sight of what could only be described as chaos. She immediately noticed three things.
One, there was equipment lying around everywhere. Blueprints scattered over tables. Empty coffee mugs numbered almost as many as discarded tools. There was a pile of fire hydrants, which she assumed were courtesy of Dum-E. There were pieces of Mark 3000 and something lying around. She sighed. There was hardly a path which she could take to walk over to the desk where Tony was because so much debris (it looked kind of like webs?) scattered the ground. Pieces of paper scattered the ground, in greater numbers closer to the walls, and all looked as though they had water damage. It was a weird thing to see, because normally, no matter how stressed, Tony loved to keep his lab neat. He like everything to have a place and everything to be in its place. And currently it was not.
Two, Tony was wearing the same clothes he had been when she last saw him. That was Tuesday. Today was Friday. The get up also happened to be one he’d never worn before, which made everything all the more odd. It was plain black tracksuit pants that were old and tattered and an Iron Man shirt Nat had jokingly gotten him years back. The clothes looked almost as messy as the lab did and nothing like how the public got to see Tony.
Three, he was almost asleep, his head dropped every so often only to immediately shoot back up and his eyes were droopy and ringed with black from tiredness. Another cup of coffee lay on the table in front of him and he appeared to be loosely holding it. It was upsetting to see because that meant he was really, really tired since he didn’t normally fall asleep in the lab under any circumstance.
Pepper cautiously made her way over to Tony and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on his temple.
“You know your bed would be more comfortable than a lab bench,” she whispered.
“Been busy…”
“Go get some sleep. I’ll pack this away,” Pepper instructed.
Tony looked up at her all bleary eyed, “Leave it out. It doesn’t need to be packed up.”
Pepper looked at him sceptically but nodded, “Off you go.”
After watching Tony walk out she turned back to his mess of a work bench. She knew better than to touch anything, but she moved the coffee cup closest to the computer, just to be sure it wouldn’t spill. And then the computer caught her eye and her stomach dropped.
On the holographic screen was something she had failed to notice – the picture of a young boy. The projection that Tony had been studying
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
5+1 Things
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Peter keeps giving people long names in an attempt to be polite

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

