Work Text:
Darcy's first words to him when they're introduced are, "Hey, Hobo. Welcome to the less-evil side, depending on the day and who you're talking to."For reasons he doesn't understand, he likes her. There is no fear on her part, just an unhealthy lack of it as she's introduced to him and his history.("You know who I am."
"Hard to forget a mug like that."

"You're not afraid?" Bucky asked, eyeing her skeptically.

Darcy shrugged. "Any friend of Steve's is probably good people… If you completely ignore the part where he befriends assassins, narcissistic geniuses, doctors with anger problems, and did I mention assassins...? But whatever, the past is the past. I once punched a cop and I wouldn't want anybody to hold it against me... Or mention it since I booked it before he could arrest me, so, y'know, don't let that get around…"

Steve shook his head, smiling to himself. "I'm going to take that as a compliment and not ask questions."

"You're a smart man, Rogers." She grinned at him and then winked at Bucky. "Enjoy your tour of Stark Tower. If you see Tony, check to see if he's wearing pants. If he isn't, please tell JARVIS to tell me. He's on Day Three of all work and too much coffee... And Day Three is always the worst."
Steve hustled him out of the lab and down the hall, leaving Darcy Lewis behind. Bucky would be lying if he said he didn't look back twice before she was out of sight.)Steve tells him that Darcy's harmless. She spends most of her time in the science labs, moving between Foster, Banner and Stark. But he sees her, a lot, and she always seems to be in a hurry, muttering to herself, hands full of papers or tea or Poptarts, and always glaring at the robot following behind her.He imagines, on paper, she is harmless. HYDRA wouldn't give her a second glance. But he does.He can barely keep his eyes off her. He's not sure he wants to.
The first time they end up alone together is when she's outrunning the robot, she keeps calling it 'dummy' and he's pretty sure it's a name and not an insult, or maybe both. She collides with him as she banks around a corner and instead of struggling to get out of his arms, she looks up and says, "Please! Hide me!"("Why'd you do it?" Steve wondered, his brow furrowed. "You've been avoiding everyone else. What made her different?"Bucky shrugged, avoiding his eyes, and said, "She asked me to.")They end up in an empty office, waiting on some paper pusher to fill it, the door closed and DUM-E's wheels moving past as he searches for her. Bucky presses a finger to his lips to tell her to be quiet. Quiet isn't her style, but she manages. They wait a few moments until the coast is clear and then she slumps, relieved, and sits on top of the desk."Sorry for the ambush, but thanks for the save. Stark's pissy because I keep interrupting him to remind him to shower and sleep, so he set DUM-E on me to keep him off his back. It's driving me nuts."He watches her a moment, as she tucks her hair behind her ear. She's pretty. Really pretty. It makes him uncomfortable suddenly.He lurches up and reaches for the door. She frowns after him. "Polite people say 'you're welcome...'"He doesn't. He's not. He leaves and doesn't look back.That doesn't stop him from going out of his way to block or distract DUM-E to give her a break from him for the next few days, though.
The first time they eat together, she shoves a bowl of casserole under his nose and says, "Eat this. It's a Mama Lewis specialty."He blinks at her and then frowns at the bowl. He manages exactly one half of a shake of his head before she rolls her eyes and shoves a spoon into his mouth. Vaguely, his analytical mind comes up with three different ways he could break her hand or arm before she reaches him, but his fingers don't so much as twitch.All he tastes is cheese at first and it is fucking amazing. He moans without thinking about it and she grins at him. Her smile makes his gut twist.She scoops up a bite of her own, leaving his spoon to dangle from his lips, and winks. "See? Told you it'd be good."He spends too much time staring at her mouth and quickly decides eating in the privacy of his room, far from tempting red lips and mischievous blue eyes, is better for all involved.She doesn't get the memo. Now every time she cooks, she puts food aside for him. If she doesn't see him, she leaves it in the fridge with a sticky-note that simply says "hobo."("Is that one of Darcy's?" Steve asked, watching him dig into a plate of pasta, piled just high enough to actually fill him up.
Bucky glanced at him, twirling his fork to spin the noodles around the tines. He shrugged. "She left it in the fridge for me."

"She does that a lot."

He shrugged again.

"She doesn't do it for anyone else. In fact, Clint tried to eat the banana loaf she made for you last week and she threatened to taser him in the balls."
Slowly, Bucky's lips curved up in a grin. He hid it by stuffing his pasta into his mouth.)He looks forward to finding what she'll leav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Male Friendship
Firsts
bucky and steve friendship ftw
sam is smart about relationships (and everything else)
supportive friends

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

