Work Text:
When cornered, Hydra operatives almost all reacted one of two ways: either they grabbed guns and blazed away, or they surrendered as fast as possible, often while still in hiding under tables or from inside closets. Steve was ready for either one, but this time when he pushed open the door into the lab, the lone scientist behind the table full of flasks and bottles was a woman who first seemed paralyzed with fright. She was clutching one of the flasks, but she didn’t do anything with it; she just stared at him from behind enormous glasses, her eyes wide. He was about to tell her to lie down on the floor, and then she squeaked out, “It’s not just you, is it?”
“Put that—what?” Steve said, pausing, confused. Not that he really cared what Hydra personnel thought, but he was usually more than enough, as far as they were concerned.
“Rest of the floor’s clear,” Sam said, swinging in through the door behind him. He looked at the woman.
“Oh good,” she said, sounding relieved, and then she lobbed the flask at them.
Steve jerked the shield up, moving to cover Sam and back him out of the room, but even as he made the automatic move he realized it was the wrong one. She hadn’t thrown it at them, she’d thrown it at the floor. He tried to correct and catch it instead, but he missed; the glass smashed. The woman dived through a back door, hitting a button as she went; both the doors slammed shut, and the liquid was boiling away into the air, vanishing. 

  Sam was shoving something at his face, a thin piece of dark cloth; Steve draped it over his head, held his breath, and ran for the button the woman had pushed. Sam was trying to get the door behind them open again. He’d tied another rag over his own head. Neither of them said a word, conserving breath. 


  Through a porthole in the back door, Steve could see the scientist on the other side, backed up against the wall of a small chamber, staring back at him nervously. He looked at the switch, but it had a biometric lock. The door was thick steel, and the window was triple-layered plate glass of some kind. He slammed the shield against it: no luck. The metal around the hinges gave when he hit it, but that was still going to be twenty minutes getting through there, not twenty seconds. He turned back around: Sam was backing away from the other door, firing shots systematically at the edge near knob-height, trying to bust the locking mechanism. When he’d emptied his clip, he stood clear; Steve charged across the room and slammed into it, shield first, full strength. 


  The door surface dented in, partly. Steve backed up for another run. He was mentally cataloguing himself, checking for symptoms: burning eyes, runny nose—nothing yet. He’d had to breathe twice so far, just short sniffs through the nose. He took another run, slammed into the door again. He was feeling hot, painfully hot. He gasped once, unable to help it, and staggered away from the door for a third try. Sam was bent over, gripping the edge of a lab table and one hand braced on his knee, chest heaving. 


  Steve clenched his breath in, lungs bursting. He’d brought Sam here, he’d gotten Sam into this. He threw himself at the door again. It didn’t give. 


  Then he was sliding down the door, shivering and hot at the same time. He couldn’t stop panting, his lungs trying to make up for lost oxygen. Sam was on the floor, on his back, hands pressed over his face. Steve crawled over to him. He grabbed Sam’s arm. 


  Time started to go in fits and starts. They were on the floor near the door, then they were across the room at the sink, drinking huge gulps directly from the faucet. They were both naked, standing in puddles of water, scrubbing down their skin with their t-shirts. They were up against the wall, kissing, desperate, and Sam’s hands on his skin were the only place he wasn’t burning hot; Sam’s mouth on his cool and sweet and too good to let go.


  It kept going. They were all over each other, touching, licking—Steve had one bright crisp moment of clarity and relief, coming, Sam’s mouth on his nipple and his hips shoved up hard against Sam’s thigh; a burst of intense gratitude followed by the sudden thought, 
  wait did we just—?
   and then time lurched ahead: he came clear again on top of Sam, in his arms, grinding down against him, slick between their bodies and Sam staring up at him saying confused, “Steve, what the fuck are we,” and Steve cracked up helplessly.

“Jesus,” Sam said, and he was laughing, too, and then he was rolling them over. 

  Steve didn’t remember much of anything for a while after that, 
  nothing but pure uncomplicated pleasure, heat washing over his skin in bursts, the feel of Sam’s heartbeat against his own chest, the luxury of being 
  held
  , wrapped up completely in Sam’s arms. He 
  had 
  one 
  brief flash of someone in a gas mask standing over them—the scientist, holding up a phone like she was going to take a picture, 
  but in another flash 
  she was gone;
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Virginity
First Time
Consent Issues
Road Trip of Justice

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

