Chapter 1: The Invasion
    




Chapter Text
 
Europe -  Early Middle Ages
 "King Aldis, you have been charged with the offense of tyranny!" Thor roared as he stood over Avarona's father. The man was on his knees, shoulders slumped with defeat, sweat accumulating within the wrinkles of his forehead. Avarona watched the scene taking place, emotionless, beside her fretful mother."And I find you guilty!" Loki added, his voice low and menacing, just the opposite of his brother's.Avarona glanced from the tears cascading down her father's chubby cheeks into the crowd. Most of them serfs and peasants, but also knights and nobles. The one thing they all had in common was their reflection. Not a one appeared displeased. Only a few hours ago they had stepped aside, refusing to defend their king, when the Norse Gods invaded. Avarona understood why, not blaming them. Her father had suppressed and terrorized the kingdom for decades.

"And the sentence is death by beheading."King Aldis wailed, his cry piercing and forlorn. Avarona winced, but not because she pitied him, but because he had shamed her bloodline. It was expected of royalty to remain prideful and strong even in death. Only a few days before, her father had whipped her publicly for going against his rule and feeding a colony of lepers camping outside the kingdom. Although his whip had flayed her flesh, scarring her for life, she had not plead for mercy, instead she endured.Unblinking, Avarona watched as Thor slashed the axe across her father's neck. THUMP, eyes gaping as his bloody head rolled drenching everything in its path. The queen gripped her daughter's hand for support not because she mourned her abusive husband, but for their future.Thor turned and extended his palms to the crowd. "Return to the courtyard tomorrow at dawn."Awarona swallowed hard. Tomorrow Thor would crown a new reign and probably banish the old king's family from the realm. Tomorrow would leave her and her mother as homeless as the lepers dwelling among the forest. They would be forced to live off the scraps people leave behind like dogs nobody wanted.As the crowd dispersed, Loki's gaze fell upon Awarona. She defiantly glared back, fists balled by her side.Noticing the dark god's awareness upon her youthful daughter, the queen quickly composed herself. "My lords, please come inside and allow me to entertain you with food, ale, and the most beautiful courtesans you have ever set eyes on. Their skills will leave you wanting for nothing."The Norse Warriors, including Thor, nodded beaming with smiles, all but the dark one. The queen added, "But you must forgive my daughter for her abrupt departure. Tonight's feast is no place for adolescents."Loki's face fell into stern lines reflecting a mirror of suspicious contempt. Still holding his gaze, Awarona smirked, openly flaunting insolence. He might have won the crusade for her kingdom, but had lost the battle to possess her. It was an immoral crime to mate a child, and as far as the Norse Gods were concerned, she was just that.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Smut
Not a romance
Rough Sex
Fingering
Forced Orgasm
Loss of Virginity
Loki Fucks Hard
Loki Porn
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Punishing Passion
Porn
Loki Ravishes a Mortal
medieval era
Princess - Freeform
Loki Fuck Fiction
Loki - Freeform
Ravishment
Dubious Consent
Beheading
Mild Blood
strong woman
Lying About Age
Underage Sex
Loki Gives a Surprise in the End

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

