Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter Parker, age 18, height 5'7, weight 130 pounds. The male had always been on the shorter side and thin. Because of this he had been bullied most of high school. The older kids picked on him, since he was able to defend himself without looking like a puppy who just learned to growl. He always felt weak, and less than.. At a very young age Peter's parents had passed away in a car accident. His Aunt May took him and raised him from there. She was always so busy with work, trying to keep them both from going homeless. Peter didn't really have much of a childhood, he had to grow up so fast, but at the same time he felt like he just couldn't get a handle on life and desperately wanted someone just to take care of him. Peter was eighteen, he was about to graduate high school and go to university. He wanted to be a teacher so it was going to be a lot of uni, he knew he couldn't afford it so he'd have to work first for awhile before going into college. It was the last few months of school and Peter found a job at a local pizza place. He worked at night delivering the pizza's and then would get up and go to school in the morning. The stress of lack of sleep and all the responsibility was starting to get to Peter. He found himself becoming more and more withdrawn, and would get anxious over things that didn't bother him before. Peter had resulted to searching things online that comforted him.. He dived into the web, searching things like "Adulting Makes Me Anxious" and "Why do I Cry Myself to Sleep?" and "How Do I Go Back To Childhood?"... This is when he found some fanfictions on DDLB & DDLG.. this peaked his interest, he had never heard of daddies or littles before. He liked the idea of the kink, even learning that some were sexual and some were not. He found a blog on tumblr, run by a daddy (he presumed) about how to "Train A Little" He thought the statement was odd since he didn't know that was something that people could be trained into. Peter reblogged and added a comment on one of the Tumblr's posts.. It was a picture of a little, male, who was sucking on a soother and cuddling a blanket. Peter wrote "Aw, wow... Wish this was me rn." Peter's tumblr was not followed by anyone in his personal life. It did have a picture of him, but you'd have to dig through all his old posts to find it. Though the boy wasn't too worried about it. (One Week After) It was a Friday night and the pizza place was busy.. Very very Busy. Peter was running back and forth from the store to homes for deliveries without any breaks in between. They got an order for a pizza to be delivered to a fancy Hotel that was just barley within their delivery zone. The other delivery person, MJ, whined about it being so far so Peter volunteered. Truth be told, Peter wanted to impress MJ, he had always had a bit of a crush on her. He thought that taking this job might bring them a little closer. He packed up his things and took off to the hotel. It was about a twenty minute drive. Upon arriving to the hotel Peter dialed the number of the customer that they left during the order. A man picked up."Hello." The man on the other end of the call said.
"Oh hey, This is Peter.. your pizza delivery guy. I have your pizza here, I'm just in the lobby of the hotel." He explained.
"Peter.. Perfect timing. Five more minutes and my pizza would have been free. Just bring it on up. I'm in 2035." The man, spoke and hung up the phone.
Peter was a little uneasy about going up to the hotel room, but he thought that it's not really much different than delivering to an apartment building. The young male climbed into the elevator and up to the 20th floor. He found the room and knocked on the door.
A man who looked to be in about his late 40s, early 50s opened the door. He was actually a pretty attractive man, and seemed pretty in shape for a man his age.. Peter found his thoughts wandering about the male and quickly brought them back.
"Good evening sir. Your total is $15.30" He said with a large smile on his face.
"So polite." The male spoke, with a grin."Let me go get your money, come on in." He said as a statement, not a request.
Peter didn't want to go inside the hotel room, he knew it was a terrible idea, but he didn't want to risk not getting a tip by being rude so he stepped inside the room and set the pizza down on the nearby table. It was a huge and lavish hotel room, Peter knew it must have cost a fortune. He was so busy admiring it that he didn't even notice the male closing the door.
"What brings you to Bloomfield?" Peter questioned curious why he was staying in such an upscale hotel room. No one from Bloomfield just stayed in this hotel for fun.
The male was rummaging through a drawer, Peter assumed he was finding the cash.
"I'm here on business. I'm shareholder for a major steel company." He explained. "I'm Tony Stark. Maybe you've heard of me?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Daddy Tony
Daddy Wade
Little Peter
Little Wanda
DDLG
ddlb
Non consensual spanking
Non-Consensual Touching
Age Regression/De-Aging
Forced age regression
Forced De-Aging
Non-Sexual Age Play
Non-Sexual Kink
Age Play
There might be some sexaul play some point idk yet!
Forced Relationship
Bondage
Kink Community
Daddy Kink
little kink
Forced Feminization
kidnap
Kidnapping
Aged Down Wanda
Forced Drug Use
non-con
Dubious Consent
Stockholm Syndrome
age gap
Age Difference
Mommy Kink
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Polyamory
Gaslighting
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
mdlb
mdlg
Humiliation
Situational Humiliation
sexual age play
Forced Orgasm
Forced Bonding
Non-Sexual Bondage
Non-Consensual Bondage

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Wade Wilson

