Work Text:
Steve Rogers showed up at Stark Tower one day in a leather jacket, carrying a motorcycle helmet in one hand and a prosthetic arm in the other.JARVIS, because he could be perverse when he chose, didn't warn Tony before allowing Steve up to the penthouse and then directing him down the stairwell to the workshop. Tony, to his credit, rallied nicely once he'd gaped for a few seconds at this sudden intruder and his extra arm."You never call, you never write," he said, hands on hips, eyes flicking over the arm covetously. "You don't invite me to your Blowing Up The Helicarriers Party. I'm beginning to think you don't like me, Rogers.""Well, I know you're a busy man, and I thought you might take the Helicarriers personally," Steve replied."If you'd told me what they were meant to do I'd have blown them up myself," Tony replied, looking away from the arm and away from Steve, almost as though he were ashamed."What did you think three heavily-armed satellite-enabled Helicarriers were for?" Steve asked. His voice was carefully curious, not judgmental."I thought the engines were for the current Carrier," Tony said. "Fury?""Fury.""Well, that probably won't be as much of a problem going forward," Steve said. "Anyway, I brought you an apology gift."Tony scoffed, a little hollow. "More like you need a favor from someone who knows which end of the screwdriver is the handle.""Well, if you don't want the Soviet-made advanced prosthetic -- ""Don't play that game with me, Rogers, Starks invented that game," Tony replied, holding out his hand, making a little gimme motion. He took the arm from Steve, hefted its weight thoughtfully, and then set it down on the workbench nearby, pulling a stool around and plopping into it before studying the fingers intently."So, where's the rest of him?" he asked, as his examination continued."DC. We're staying with a friend.""Your friend with the wings, or your friend with the stings?"Steve smiled a little. "Wings.""So did you hunt him down, or did he come to you?""Little of one, little of the other. We were looking for him. He...let us find him.""Hm. And why did he allow you to take his arm and give it to the total stranger whose parents he likely murdered?"Steve was silent. Tony looked up over the arm at him."The internet is sort of a specialty of mine," he said. "I read the SHIELD and Hydra documents. It's not explicit, but it's not exactly unlikely, right?""That wasn't him. At least...not the person he was before, and not the one he is now."Tony picked up a micro-prybar, normally used for working on his gauntlets, and began working at the shoulder plates, easing them apart. "This seems functional," he said, peering between the metal slats. It did look functional. And...ominous. "He said it's not broken, but it needs calibration. His...." Steve swallowed."His owners," Tony said. Steve looked surprised -- perhaps at his gentle tone, perhaps at his way of putting it."They had to recalibrate it every time he was, uh, activated. And if it was damaged.""I'm shocked they knew how," Tony replied, settling back in his chair. "This isn't Soviet-made. It isn't human-made. Not entirely, at least. The tech in this is about a generation past the Iron Man armor. I could build it, today, with the materials at -- haha, at hand -- but there's no way Arnim Zola built this in the forties, in Russia, all by his genius lonesome.""Then what is it?" Steve asked, looking worried."At a guess? Alien technology. I'm seeing familiar things in strange configuration.""Chitauri? Asgardian?""What strange new worlds," Tony sighed. "Probably not Chitauri. Asgardian's not a bad guess; wasn't Schmidt scooping up that kind of thing back when, before you started pounding on him? You hear Thor's back on-planet? We could ask him. The point's mostly moot, though, because I don't think you're here for Alien Antiques Roadshow.""No," Steve agreed."Well, working out what 'calibration' means and how to perform it on this is going to take a while. He okay with you leaving his left arm with me?"Steve chewed on his lip."Spit it out, Rogers, we're all damaged and crazy, there is no judgment in the workshop," Tony said tiredly."He asked me to take it off," Steve said. "He worried that it might do something he didn't want. He can't...he's struggling.""Not that surprising. And you?"Steve, clearly taken aback by the concern, took a second to find an answer. "Also struggling."Tony nodded and started working on the arm again. "Go back to your friend, tell him I'll do what I can. I'll hit you up in a couple of weeks."Steve was opening his mouth to reply when there was a squeal and a loud whirr, and the bots seemed to take notice of Tony's guest. Dummy and Butterfingers rolled out of the shadows, coming over to inspect the arm, their claws dangling curiously over Tony's shoulder. Tony raised a hand and stroked Dummy's housing absently, fingers curling around the metal."Are those, uh," Steve began. Tony looked up. "Part of your...JARVIS...?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Robots
Artificial Intelligence
magical healing robot
Prosthetic Limbs
Brotherhood

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

