Work Text:
The 32nd pedestrian of the day to walk past the school (he’d been counting) was an elderly lady carrying two bags of groceries through the New York winter snowfall. Peter frowned and tapped his fingers against the table; normally, as Spiderman, he would have offered to help her, but right now he was forced into inactivity by his Monday morning AP calculus class.For the past twenty minutes, he’d been staring out of the window, the test on his desk long having been completed. They still had ten minutes of class left in which he had to be quiet so the others could finish their work. Mr Davids had really been focusing on derivatives for the past month and Peter couldn’t say he found it very difficult; mostly he was just bored, playing on his phone or discreetly doing calculations for his lab work instead. Unfortunately, they’d had to place their phones on the teacher’s desk before the test today, so his normal go-to for killing time wasn’t available. But he figured that staring at snowflakes and watching the people walk by would do the trick as well. He wasn’t as exhausted as he sometimes was on Mondays; instead of patrolling, he’d spent all Sunday in the lab with Tony, designing Mark 82 and making some tweaks to the Spiderman suit. And he wasn’t going to say no to a Christmas movie night next to enormous panorama windows with the snowy skyline of New York either.His spider senses tingled slightly before he heard a phone starting to vibrate on Mr Davids’ desk. Peter frowned; who wouldn’t turn off vibrate before handing in their phone? Didn’t all GenZ kids have their phone on an eternal silent mode? He watched his teacher scanning the rows of phones in front of him before picking one up. Peter’s heart dropped when he saw the sleek black design of the newest generation of StarkPhones.“Parker! Is that your phone?” Mr Davids whisper-yelled, as if that did anything in a completely silent classroom. His classmates looked up from their tests to watch the exchange, and Peter couldn’t blame them. He could only think of one person who would call him while he was in school, and it was the same person with both the power and the intent to program Karen into never fully silencing his calls.“Uh, no?” Mr Davids glared at him. “Since this apparently can’t wait until after class, I want you to answer it. On speaker.” If Peter’s heart had dropped before, it was now plummeting straight towards the other side of the earth. Mr Davids couldn’t be serious. There was no way he could answer this call without blowing his cover, both as Tony Stark’s  - intern? mentee? unofficially adopted son? - and potentially also as Spiderman, because why the hell would an intern have Tony Stark’s number, and worse, actually be called by him? And what if Mr Stark referenced something no one was supposed to know about?“What? No - Sir, I’m sorry! Just ignore it, I’m sure it’ll stop -” Peter didn’t even notice he’d stood up from his chair as he looked at his teacher pleadingly, but now as all of his classmates were fully invested, Mr Davids wasn’t going to back down. Peter's suspicions about the identity of the caller were further supported when he saw that even though his phone was still vibrating, the screen stayed black. Or maybe that was just Karen  trying to save his ass once more. “Now, Parker.” Mr Davids’ tone left no room to compromise. He sighed.  Please just let it be May. Or telemarketers. Or literally anyone else. “Karen? Answer it, please.” The realisation that solely having an AI on his phone in the first place was slightly suspicious came too late, and only as his teacher almost dropped his phone when Karen’s voice answered, clear and light as day and a thousand times more natural than the Siri’s of the eleven iPhones on Mr Davids’ table.“Are you sure, Peter? I could accept the call on your behalf.” Karen’s voice dulled the obnoxious vibrating down to the background. Peter breathed out, trying to even his heartbeat. No doubt the actual Friday had gotten an emergency report about his vitals by now. “Yes. Put it on speaker, if you don’t mind.” He regretted not looking into Friday’s and Karen’s capabilities more - would they notify Mr Stark that they had an audience? The vibrating stopped abruptly. Mr Davids was still holding Peter's phone at an arm’s length, but made no move to give it to him, instead staring at it in an attempt to figure out where Karen’s voice had been coming from. Peter cleared his throat, raising his voice slightly to account for the distance to the mic. “Uh, h-hello?” A loud clang echoed from the phone, and electric whirring filled the background. Someone cursed.“Goddamn- oh, hey kid. Friday informed me your teacher made you answer instead of letting me talk to Karen. Any reason for that?” Peter didn’t dare to look at his classmates, but he was sure most of them had figured out who was on the other end of that line. They weren’t a science-based school for nothing; Tony Stark was somewhat of an idol for almost 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pepper and May are only mentioned
Irondad
spiderson
Fluff and Humor
Humor
Fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Tony calls Peter while he's in school and his teacher makes him answer on speakerphone
Infinity War never happened
we also mostly ignore civil war
basically this is just some pointless fluff for the holidays
(rated teen bc of like 2 curse words)
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

