Chapter 1: The 15th of December
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Maybe this Christmas will mean something more  Maybe this year  Love will appear  Deeper than ever before

 Bucky Barnes is not having a good day. To be honest, he hasn’t had a good day in quite a while, but today is turning out especially shitty.
First, he’s late to meet his sister at a café. Like almost thirty minutes late. Second, he’s really not looking forward to seeing her because he knows how mad she’s going to get when he tells her he isn’t going home with her for Christmas. It’s not that he doesn’t want to—well, not entirely—but he managed to pick up all the shifts no one else wanted to do at his work and it means double pay and he both needs the money and needs to keep his job happy. So yeah, it kinda sucks that he’ll be spending Christmas alone in New York, but at least it’ll be peaceful. He knows their parents will be mad, so he really doesn’t need Becca bitching him out about it too.
The main thing ruining his day right now though, is the snow. He remembers liking snow at one time, but right now he’s cursing it, because the wetness from it is seeping into his crappy sneakers that he really needs to replace, and his toes are damp and freezing and he’s just hoping they don’t fall off by the time he gets to the café.
He pulls his scarf up a little over his chin, trying to stay warm as he hurries along the sidewalk.
Hurrying was a bad idea. Bucky’s foot hits a patch of ice and slides out from under him in what would have been a comical cartoon banana-peel-like trip, if it wasn’t happening to him, and he braces himself to hit the ground. This is going to hurt.
“Fuck,” Bucky screeches, but as he lands on his back, it’s not the cold hard concrete he expected, but a solid mass beneath him. Oh god, Bucky thinks as he realises he smacked into the person behind him and took them down with him. And they’re now lying in a pile on the ground as New Yorkers walk by ignoring them.
“Oh god,” he utters as he realises he’s now just lying on this person, this guy, from the feel of him. Bucky struggles to clamber off the large body he’s lying on top of.
He feels hands at his waist steadying him as he does, and he manages to almost get upright, only to slip again, grabbing onto this poor guy’s thigh as he does. His very muscular thigh.
Bucky manages to get to his feet on the second try and turns to help the guy, holding his right hand out to help pull him up.
“Fuck me, I’m so, so sorry,” Bucky apologises as he does so, finally looking at the guy, and then he hates himself even more, because of course, of fucking course, of all the people to fall on, he has to fall on the one who looks like that.
Bucky doesn’t think he’s ever seen a more handsome man, and then the guy smiles as he grasps Bucky’s hand and gets to his feet, a lot more elegantly than Bucky managed, and Bucky feels dumbstruck because he’s gone from handsome to blindingly beautiful with that shy smile.
“Don’t worry about it.”
The deep voice that comes out of him...damn, it’s doing things to Bucky. He tries to pull himself together as the guy lets go of his hand. “Are you hurt?” he asks the handsome hero man.
“I’m fine,” the guy smiles easily. “Are you okay?”
His foot is aching a little from where his ankle sort of buckled but he’s otherwise fine. “Yeah, I think you were a pretty good cushion,” Bucky says, a little embarrassed, tugging a little on his scarf.
“Well, uh, happy to help,” the guy replies, adjusting the dark wool hat on his head.
“Aw hell, you’re soaked,” Bucky realises as he sees the contrast of the dampness on the back of the guy’s arm versus the front. He moves slightly and now he can see this poor guy’s light grey coat is completely drenched on the back, along with the bottom of his jeans.
The guy shrugs. “Don’t worry about it.”
“But it’s my fault.” Bucky feels terrible. “I’m just a disaster,” he mumbles, mostly to himself.
The guy puts a hand on his shoulder. “You just slipped, it’s not your fault.” He looks so earnestly at Bucky that Bucky believes him.
He glances at the guy’s hand for a moment and then the guy moves it away. “Is there anything I can do?” Bucky asks stupidly. It’s just politeness—there’s nothing he can do to help dry this guy off, not really.
“Not unless you can recommend a café nearby?” the guy says, with a bright smile, apparently not at all bothered by being all wet. “I’ve been trying to find somewhere good for coffee.”
“Uh, yeah actually, I’m meeting my sister at a nice place a few blocks from here,” Bucky offers.
The guy’s eyes brighten. “Mind if I tag along? I mean, just to the place. I won’t sit with you. Obviously…” he trails off, looking slightly embarrassed.
“Sure,” Bucky nods, because it’s the very least he can do. He turns to start walking. “I’m Bucky by the way,” he says, sticking out his right hand as the guy falls into step besides him.
The guy shakes his hand and gives Bucky a curiou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
AU
Christmas Fluff
Meet-Cute
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Christmas
Fluff
Minor Angst
POV Bucky Barnes
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

