Work Text:
“Peter,” Karen begins, “may I ask why we’re sneaking into the Tower so late at night?”
The teen paused in climbing up the frosted window long enough to heave a sigh, the sigh of one whose brilliance is often misunderstood by those around them. He may or may not have learned it from Mr. Stark.
“I t-told you,” he mumbles, trying to keep his words straight despite his shivering, “I have t-to get in there without Mr. Stark knowing. There’s no better place to hide his C-Christmas gift than his own house.”
Peter resists the urge to cackle childishly to himself because honestly? This is a great plan. Mr. Stark is so hard to give gifts to; the man has some sort of complex against receiving. Peter found it out at his birthday back in May. Pepper even mentioned that she can’t give him anything directly; it always has to be left out for him where he’ll find it on his own, otherwise he’ll refuse to accept it.
That’s why he’s here crawling through the window he knows is left unlocked in the penthouse, shaking off the snowflakes clinging to his suit and slinging a plastic shopping bag off his shoulder. He truly feels like Santa Claus sneaking in the house to hide gifts under the tree at midnight, except that his plan is to find a suitable niche where Mr Stark won’t think to visit, and then hide the loot there until Christmas Day. Then all he’s gotta do is text the location of the gift with a winky face (Mr Stark’s least favorite emoji) and the man can find and unwrap it in privacy: no opportunity given to reject it.
“I’m not sure I follow your logic, but I trust you know what you’re talking about,” Karen chirps. In a more concerned tone, she adds, “While we are here, might I suggest seeing if we can fix the suit’s heater function? You have hardly stopped shivering all night.”
On cue, Peter’s frame is wracked with a violent shiver and he rubs his gloved hands up and down his arms vigorously. Even out of the cold, his fingers and toes still feel numb from hours of exposure.
“Not tonight, Karen,” he whispers. “Tonight I can’t let anyone know I was here. I’ll be f-fine.”
The AI stays silent but Peter pulls his mask off anyway to silent further commentary. Yeah, he’s cold; he’s cold all the time lately. He can deal.
Right now there are more important matters to attend to.
“Okay,” he mumbles to himself, tiptoeing through the dark room. “If i were Mr. Stark, where would I NOT look for presents…”
He considers some empty cupboards in the kitchen, but what if they’re going to get groceries to put in there soon? Too risky. There’s a broom closet in the hall that he’s never seen anyone use, but… it doesn’t seem secure enough.
Finally he comes across a door he’s never opened before and curiosity overwhelms him. The handle is unlocked so he pulls it open slowly and finds what seems to be an ordinary laundry room.
It’s weird; Peter has never once pictured Mr. Stark doing his own laundry. It has to happen somehow he guesses.
There are two drier machines and two washers, as well as a rumbling boiler generating warmth like a welcome greeting in the small room. Peter steps in and closes the door behind him, eager to get rid of the cold still clinging to his bones. He looks around and sees that one of the washers has a ‘broken’ sign on it.  Perfect .
Carefully he wraps the package in a clean towel and places it inside the machine, then closes the machine door and stands back proudly. Mission accomplished. Now to head home.
Except… heading home means he has to go back out in the cold...
The warmth in the room is starting to seep into him with an intoxicating heaviness and he yawns, blinking in the darkness. It can’t hurt to sit down for a minute, can it? He came here straight from patrolling all night after all; he can take a small rest before going back out…
After slipping to the floor, his back against the door and his arms resting on his knees, he notices the large basket of clean clothes waiting to be folded that sits by the far wall. He can smell the fresh detergent coming off of it and, even though these clothes have long since cooled, the sight is reminiscent of warm laundry piles that he used to love burrowing in as a kid, much to Aunt May’s chagrin.
For whatever reason in that moment, Peter has the sudden urge to do that again, to burrow into the pile and tuck himself away and drift off, safe and sound in his hiding place.
If he were more awake he wouldn’t have done it. As it is, he’s become so sleepy so fast that he barely registers his body reacting; it’s like instinct takes over and the next thing he knows, he’s cocooned in a nest of cloth that smells so clean, and now that he’s closer he can also pick up the scent of cologne and machinery that is so distinctly Mr. Stark. It makes him feel as comforted as if the man himself was there watching over him.
His breathing slows. The methodical white noise of the heater blankets his senses and lulls his eyelids to half mast.
He blinks slowly once. Twice. The third time, his ey
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Sleepy Cuddles
Peter Parker acting like a spider
Peter accidentally hibernates
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
this is truly very soft
winter/holiday fic

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

