Chapter 1: eddie doesn't really have control of his life but what else is new
    




Chapter Text
Despite planting the bug weeks ago, none of them have had time to look at any of the footage. It’s all locked up in a file on Tony’s personal servers, ready for review, but there’s always another emergency. You’d think that after facing an intergalactic criminal threatening to destroy the entire universe, with most of the population surviving through sheer luck, a species could get their shit together for a month or two.
Not humans. Give them an ocean, and they’ll find a way to set it on fire.
The Avengers, though closer to normal than they’ve been in years, have been run ragged. The stress is one of many strains on their already tender relationships. Steve and Tony are acidic on a good day, downright cruel on anything else, and Bruce and Natasha still can’t look each other in the eyes - talk about office romances gone wrong. Thor is uncharacteristically lethargic, balancing the responsibilities of being a wayward king with the obligations of protecting the planet under his protection. Clint has earned his retirement ten times over but won’t go home, pushing himself further every time they’re called out.
And that’s only looking at the original members’ relationship troubles. Rhodey, Sam, Bucky, Wanda, Scott, Hope, Stephen, Peter - they have their own inter- and intrapersonal issues, too. The war with Thanos wasn’t easy on anyone. Just because they have more bodies than ever before doesn’t mean the work they have to do gets any easier.
The egos, as usual, don’t help either. Between the chaotic mess of Earth post-galactic war and the many levels of their interpersonal bullshit, they’ve had to prioritize what messes to clean up first.
Carlton Drake’s mess barely registered when it happened. Tony can vaguely remember thinking it was nice that they didn’t have to send anyone out because the dumbass had blown himself up - a generosity that was a stark foil to the man Drake had been in real life. Tony always knew the man was garbage underneath that angelic face, but outside of a vindictive sense of satisfaction, it was mostly forgotten about.
And then Daredevil had passed on a tip from a friend of a friend, that San Francisco has been quieter than usual. As in - the “criminals dying left and right” kind of quieter. Apparently there were whispers of a monster, or a vigilante, or a cannibal - Natasha didn’t hear anything conclusive from her contacts, and breaking into the locals’ systems wasn’t much more helpful. The deaths were messy, but not necessarily anything inhuman - though Steve argued with the utmost confidence that some of the marks could only be made by claws. Some organs MAY have been missing - and how they couldn’t be 100% sure on that, Tony isn’t sure he wants to know - which implies either an organ harvesting organization or a real-life Hannibal. The deaths are consistently horrible people, though, and nothing ties them together other than their scuminess.
Murderers, rapists, pedophiles, abusers - no, this monster doesn’t go for anything less than the absolute bottom of the barrel. It’s not the usual serial killer MO. It reeks more of a vigilante gone radical. Like if Spider-Man was a jaded, disgusting, people-eater.
In between arguments (excuse him - trade negotiations and treaty discussions) with other planets, keeping the world from descending into complete entropy, and eating a protein bar here or there, they took turns looking into it. Bruce eventually finds out that a semi-infamous ex-TV host, Eddie Brock, was somehow mixed up in the Carlton Drake bullshit.
There’s some footage of him during those couple of days that is damning, to say the least. He’s shown breaking into Drake’s HQ with the help of the now-deceased Dr. Skirth, followed by a subsequent breakdown at a fancy restaurant (where he /eats a live lobster what the fuck-). There’s a short clip of him and /something/ kicking the shit out of Drake’s personal SWAT team, and then grainy footage of a battle between two huge /somethings/, before a body is hurled into the bay.
Eddie Brock was admitted to the hospital, hours later, soaking wet, with broken ribs and a severe case of shock. According to his medical records, he was kept for a week for two reasons.
The first: he had apparently been at the hospital earlier that day, and his organs had all been rotting. At this second trip, he was healthier than anyone over the age of thirty had a right to be, with a heart that gleamed like a new Ferrari.
The second: after they told him his organs had miraculously /regrown/, he apparently burst into tears and made some comments that brought his mental stability into question. They kept him in the psych ward for the second half of the week, the doctor’s disagreeing over a diagnosis of major depression, schizophrenia, or schizoaffective disorder. All of which had to be googled before any of them knew more than the bare basics.
Since the mess started with Dr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Anne Weying
past Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
set in a hypothetical future where no one died in infinity war
i haven't seen infinity war b/c i don't like most of the MCU anymore
so this is just a 'nebulous post-infinity war' universe lol
Eddie Brock Loves Venom Symbiote
Human Disaster Eddie Brock
Symbiote Disaster Venom
Sweet Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
alternate title:
alien diplomacy is letting a maneating symbiote run free b/c that's less trouble than contacting
the appropriate galactic authorities
playing fast and loose with canon
Implied Cannibalism
Canon-Typical Cannibalism

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Dan Lewis (Venom 2018)/Anne Weying
past Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

