Work Text:

There’s two things Tony Stark is absolutely not: A coward and a predator. Although, he’s not so sure about the latter anymore, now that he thinks of it. Not since the boy appeared on the scene at least. Peter Parker makes him question the last few morals he has and he found that he can’t even bring himself to care anymore. The boy is a tease and he wants him. It’s all that’s on his mind since they met. His first reaction alone had left no doubt about it. It was only one word, but it was enough.



Mine

.


Yes, he wants the boy and when he wants something he will get it, even if it means going down paths he thought he’d never travel. He already started without even realizing it. The way he treats the boy, the way he speaks to him - gentle, warm, like the good mentor Peter sees in him - it all has one goal and this goal is to have him. To make him his. 

Completely

.


Is it grooming? Is he grooming the boy? No, he wouldn’t call it that. At worst, it might be conditioning. But then again, Peter doesn’t put up a fight against it at all. Instead, the boy is completely into it. He soaks up every word Tony says, drowns in his praise and melts against his touches, however subtle and innocent they may be. When Tony gifted him his new suit, which is even tighter around his ass than his previous one, Peter was excited like never before and hugged him for a minute. It’s fascinating to watch, he can’t deny that.


If the boy had common sense he would run. Tony gave him enough room for it, but either he is even more naive than he looks, or there is something that he gets out of this Tony doesn’t quite see yet. What he does isn’t love, he can’t mistake it for that, can he? He makes it look like it though, so maybe the boy really doesn’t see through it. Not that he’d take that as a reason to stop, but he wonders sometimes.


May once told him Peter sees him as a father figure and Tony had to hold back the devious grin that wanted to spread on his lips. The idea stuck with him though and he quickly realized that she’s not too far from the truth. In a way, Peter does see him like that. But there’s something else that comes closer to the way Tony sees Peter than anything else. The boy 

wants 

something, something he shouldn’t want, just like Tony.


God, Peter makes it so easy for him, it should ring his alarm bells, every last one of them. But Tony finds them all broken when he’s around the boy, who adores him like he’s a God and who lets him into his mind so willingly, without any resistance. 


Tony finds himself smirk when Peter calls out his name, trying to draw his attention and he finds himself satisfied when their hands brush over the desk while Peter hands him something he’s been working on, showing that there is no fear in the boy to be touched. Peter’s mind opens when Tony is close, it lets down the walls the boy has built up because he trusts him, because he knows ‘Mister Stark, Sir?’ only wants the best for him.


And the best is exactly what Tony wants for Peter, even though his idea of ‘the best’ is probably very different from the boy’s. He will find out soon enough though, he knows it. Peter is desperate for the attention and validation Tony offers him, for the safe haven he has when he’s with his mentor, for just how good and needed he makes him feel. It’s so obvious, Tony often asks himself if Peter has realized it already and just plays along because he likes it. Because he wants it just as bad as Tony does.


But that would be too easy, wouldn’t it? No, Tony likes to believe Peter is lured into the idea that this is all completely innocent and that the man he adores so much is there to protect him and teach him, not to corrupt and ruin him. A sick fantasy, even Tony knows that, but one that is oh too beautiful and addicting to let go of just yet. 


Peter is smart, that’s something Tony likes about him, but he’s also vulnerable. As strong as his powers and being Spiderman made him, on the inside he yearns for someone to comfort him, to make him feel safe and Tony plays right into those needs without him even realizing it. Where Peter was shy at first and almost hesitant, it took less than a month before he began to warm up to Tony and after two, there’s almost none of his fear left anymore.


The boy is falling right into his arms without knowing what happens to him. Tony spins his own web around him, one of sweet words, of praises and appreciation and slowly, of more than just that. When Tony’s fingers linger on Peter’s a few more seconds than they should one day, the boy doesn’t pull his hand away. When his smile shows more affection than appropriate, Peter accepts it thankfully and without any hesitation. 


Tony was never patient, but with Peter he is. He has to be. It’s only a matter of time. It’s beautiful to see him fall more and more, to pull him closer with every passing day, knowing that soon, Peter will be all his and his alone. Yes, the boy will be his. Only his.


When Peter 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
underage peter
Underage - Freeform
Grooming
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Dark Tony Stark
Kinda
Manipulation
Emotional Manipulation
First Time
Rough Sex
Underage Drinking
Underage Sex
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

