Chapter 1: Party Pooper
    


Summary:

Peter Parker hates parties, but here he is, in the middle of a very important one. Freezing his butt off on a cold couch, sipping a watered down Coke.



Notes:
Welcome to the first chapter of my new story, 'Just a Kid'. I hope you enjoy, but be cautious as you continue as this strpy deals with serious concepts. I wanted to create a story where Peter is kidnapped, but it has nothing to do with Tony or Spider-Man, it's just a story about a child being kidnapped and brought into a knew world of horrors. This book deals with Human Trafficking and rape. I hope you enjoy this book and feel free to comment your opinions.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter Parker hated parties. In fact, he despised them and a hatred so deep grew in his heart long ago because of such events. The loud noise, obnoxious people who's heads were filled with booze and danced like wild apes on the dance floor. The music was always too loud, filled with the sounds of woozy party-goers who couldn't seem to find their inside voices. Seriously, they were screaming when the person they were talking to was only a foot or so away. Peter thought it was ridiculous.
Although, he figured that he didn't like parties too much mostly because he never got invited to any. He was only a sophomore in high school- still a little kid, and probably will never be invited to a party in his whole life. Besides, he was too young to drink anyways, and there wasn't much fun in parties. He was a terrible dancer.
Or as Michelle called him: a “party pooper.”
So while high school parties filled his heart with dread and caused his extreme anxiety, it was Mr. Stark's charity parties that he found himself enjoying. They were far more elegant, with little to no vulgar music, a refined bar, and people who actually knew how to speak while at a gala. Of course, there was alcohol, and unfortunately for Peter, by the end of the gala most adults were drunk out of their skins, laughing like horses and grinning like cats as they got to Peter's least favorite part of the night.
The teen like to call it the 'Flirting Period'. Being a scientist (as he believed he was), meant observation was key. So that’s exactly what he did. He would describe this horrible few hours as the time when all the wasted men and women joined together in one big mass of smirking and horny people who usually left with one extra person then they came with.
Peter hated how uncomfortable it made him feel. Whenever Mr. Stark invited him to these Charity Galas, they left shortly after the Flirting Period started, the billionaire knew how much the kid hated that part. However, on the rare occasion that Peter was stuck alone, waiting for his guardian to come by and scoop him up so they could leave, the teen would simply look on in awe as the women and men all went to converse. It wasn't a rarity where Peter would hear the gross words that the adults would use to each other- which most likely made the other giggle or flush a brilliant shade of scarlet. Peter thought it was kind of disgusting, seeing as though he wouldn't have known what do in that kind of situation when he's older.
Flirting was definitely not his strong suit.
Just another thing added onto his list of What Peter Cannot Do- Yet!
Peter sat now, on a cool, creme colored leather couch, his legs closed tightly as he leaned back onto the sofa. His breathing was heavy, but controlled, as he anxiously glanced around the room, the feeling of nervousness and terror flowing through him. The hairs on the teenager's arms stood straight up, static, and his eyes were wider than the sun, sparkling in the bright lights above the ball room. Little white flakes of confetti fluttered down onto his dress shoes. They were a brilliant shade of Midnight Black.
It was yet another Charity Gala that he had been attending with Tony, seeing as though the man he was now living with wanted him to socialize more, and get out of the 'stuffy old tower', as the billionaire has said multiple times. It was anything but stuffy. Anyways, back to the older man's point. Something about social acceptance, if Peter remembered correctly. Of course, the boy didn't know what that meant at the time, but as he came to more and more parties, he soon learned that some people weren't to happy about Mr. Stark being the boy's permanent guardian.
But Peter didn't care about them. Because when Aunt May died (that fateful night when the cancer finally took control), Tony had been the shoulder that he cried on, letting every emotion out as he laid in the bed with the man- snuggled tight under the older man's chin.
So, Peter attended more balls and galas, looking like a gentle, kind young man and impressing every reporter that came his way (although Tony seemed quite fixated on having them away from the boy).
But now the kid sat alone on this- surprisingly- comfortable couch, and he noticed that if he squinte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Teen Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker
Depressed Peter Parker
Traumatized Peter Parker
Kidnapped Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Domestic Avengers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Avengers
Sad
Angst
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Rape
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Drug Use
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drug Dealing
Implied/Referenced Drug Addiction
Underage Drug Use
Drug Addiction
Past Drug Use
Stockholm Syndrome
Human Trafficking

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)

