Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  Peter woke up with a pained gasp, his ribs protesting with the effort. They ached, screaming out as Peter tried to shift himself, only managing to roll over onto his stomach.The chalky musk of dirt wafted through his nose, making his mind clear just enough for fear to stab its way through him. Where was he?Where was Aunt May?
Aunt May.
~ ~ ~
Three loud bangs woke Peter up and he could feel the wrongness in the air like poison. It wasn’t unusual to hear gunshots in New York City, and they didn’t live in the safest part of Queens. But these shots had come from inside the building, not far from their apartment door. 

A shot of panic flared inside of Peter as he sat up but before he could do much else, his door swung open and Peter could just make out Aunt May as she ran across his room. 

“Peter,” her voice shook, her breath coming fast, “get under the bed, now.” 

“May what’s going on?” Peter said but she shushed him, her hands pulling him off the edge and pushing him to the ground. 

“Don’t ask questions, just hurry.” She whispered, forcing his head down and pushing his shoulders until he slid under the base board. 

Peter tried pushing back, confusion settling into fear when their front door crashed open. He looked up at May, catching the shadows as they bounced off her face, eyes wide and terrified. 

“Peter, I’m so sorry.” Her voice was wet, and Peter tried grabbing her arms so he could drag her under the bed with him, but she wrenched away. 

“I love you.” May stood up and Peter went to pull himself back out when another gunshot rang out, the sickening wet thump of a bullet striking flesh following on its tail. 

May screamed, knees buckling and body colliding with the carpet. Peter’s breath rushed out of him as everything slowed. 

May’s head lolled to the side, her hair falling over her face and her chest rising shallowly. The light from Peter’s window glinted off the wetness that ran down May’s chest and neck. 

Tears ran down Peter’s cheeks as May’s visible eye opened and her lips stretched into what looked like a smile. 

“Love you.” She mouthed, the image of her locking in Peter’s mind like a shutter going off. Peter didn’t notice the two pairs of boots shuffling around the bed, didn’t hear their breathing, or the sound of their guns cocking. 

Peter watched as the light slowly faded from May’s eyes, her chest shuddering to a stillness that didn’t recover. 

Peter did the only thing he could do in that moment, he screamed, just as two hands gripped his ankles and pulled. The last thing he saw before everything went black was May’s small, and last smile. 

~ ~ ~ 
Sobs wrecked Peter’s body, one after another until it felt like his lungs were on fire and his throat was raw. He’d been screaming, writhing on the dirt floor for what seemed like hours.Unabashed, piercing guilt twisted inside him, like the pain from a brand. He hadn’t been able to save Uncle Ben, and he’d failed May now too.Images of her smiling, laughing, bantering with Peter over everything and nothing swam over his eyes and they scrunched up, simultaneously trying to get away from the memories but clinging onto them like a lifeline.The pain was so familiar, grief and loss like a thundercloud over his head. Except this time, he didn’t have Aunt May to hold the umbrella above them. Instead, he had a cold and dirty ground under him, the soil turning to mud as it absorbed his tears.Peter didn’t know how long he stayed like that, didn’t know when he realized his ankle was shackled to the ground with a heavy metal cuff.His brain dimly understood that he was in a shed, little spots of sunlight glinting through small holes in the metal walls.It was early fall in New York, so it wasn’t hot, though Peter didn’t have any idea if he was still in New York or not.Not that any of that mattered anymore. When his tear ducts were physically incapable of producing anything else, Peter simply closed his eyes and let his thoughts swirl, playing out the events in his mind.Those gunshots were loud, his neighbors would have called the police and they would walk in, find May’s body, and discover that he was missing.NYPD would investigate but that gave Peter little hope. Countless homicides happened in New York every day. Peter and May were, for lack of a better word, nobodies. Other than May’s coworkers, no one knew or really cared about them.They were each other’s only family and they had no friends. Peter was an outcast at school, bullied because of his sex. Being a male omega was supposed to be special, rare, or so May and Ben had told him when he presented.His tormentors never saw it that way. He had just turned 18, his senior year coming up and freedom on the horizon. But now, he was literally chained to the ground, trapped in a metal box god knows where.Other than Peter’s high school bullies, he and May had no real enemies, definitely not the type that would want to kill them. So, odds are it was random, a robbery gone bad. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Minor Character Death
Kidnapping
Alternate Universe
Soulmates
Peter Parker isn't Spider-Man
Alpha Wade Wilson
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Alpha/Omega
Michelle Jones - Freeform
Ned Leeds - Freeform
tony stark - Freeform
Sexual Tension
Protective Wade Wilson
Vanessa Carlyse
Cartels
Slow Burn
Secret Society
Eventual Smut
Anal Fingering
Grinding
Soft Dom Wade
OOC Miles Morales
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Mentions of Suicide
Mating Cycles/In Heat
fated pairs
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Anal Sex
Knotting
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
I need a hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

