Work Text:

  Why did it have to be some villain that took an interest in the Info Dump?  
2014:In the immediate aftermath, nobody knew what to think. The public watched the Congress hearing with one Natasha Romanoff… or Natasha Romanov or Natalia Romanova… (the people honestly didn’t know whether that said more about her incompetence to choose an alias or about her inability to show some honesty) and the world only ever had an abstract idea of what happened and why the hell the Potomac was one big demolition sight.Some were satisfied with the very simple explanation of, “Captain America fought Hydra and saved us”.Some stopped at, “SHIELD was infiltrated by Hydra and Captain America stopped them”.But then some would ask, “What is SHIELD?” or, “Wait, wasn’t Hydra destroyed back in the 40’s?”And that opened a whole new can of worms. Because as willing as some people were to fill in the blanks for “Cap saved us” with, “There was a superhero fight and that’s why the Potomac is no more”, it still didn’t clarify who the hell was the redhead that basically gave the U.S the finger.Not even Tony Stark that always have a ready answer for everything and anything seemed to know what in the world was going and not only because Iron Man was being seen a lot more than Tony Stark. The armor never saw that much use since those first few months in the six years it was created. Stark seemed to be requesting entry to a different country every other day and with the newly inaugurated Legionnaires flying alongside him and rescuing people left and right.Only a few saw it for what it really was: extraction. Medical professionals from dermatologists to trauma surgeons were identified arriving and leaving Stark Tower all the time, that when they just didn’t stay in the Tower for months before finally leaving.Files were decrypted and posted on social media.WikiLeaks was having a field day.CNN wasn’t reporting anything else.Hackers from all nationalities were interested.Governments everywhere were scrambling to cover their asses.And none of the Avengers directed a word to the public.And the circle was complete.The first sign that something was off was Captain America on national television being chased by man wearing black clothes.Next thing the country knew: the Potomac was little more than rubbles and bodies.That strange redhead no one knew was saying F-U in a ridiculously less charismatic way than Tony Stark ever did. While Stark was full of jokes and clever maneuvers, that weird woman only rolled her eyes, sighed and said, “You need us.”And Iron Man was flying to and from the U.S in an almost manic rhythm.That was what they knew.And that was not enough.Well, since two plus two was four and that weird redhead was being persecuted for dumping confidential information for the world to see… the world wanted to see.~*~Back in 1944, Howard Stark searched the globe for every single scrap of a metal he never saw before. Something that responded like nothing he ever encountered, something with so many applications that he was only ever scratching the surface.The result was little more than twenty pounds or so.Contacts on the black markets called it Vibranium but were tight lipped about where he could find more.In another experiment, Howard turned it into a shield…A few decades later, SHIELD found out where Howard could get more.Wakanda.“Isn’t that the African country?” turned out in a community thread.“I just Googled it, but it only ever talks about the pottery, textile industry and some relations with the neighborhood countries for, mainly, fish…?”“So what’s with the metal that they made Cap’s shield being found there?”“Do they have some North Sentinel Island thingy going on?”“Uh, why?”“It says that they refuse any passport whatsoever, no foreigners have ever stepped foot in there since before the colonization.”“Jeez! What about people that just stumble into them like some those geography folks that like exotic places?”“You don’t think that they are killed, right?”Needless to say, Wakanda was one hot topic which didn’t make any of the Wakandans happy, especially once they saw the speculations…even if some were uncomfortably close to the true, mainly what they did to unsuspecting people that just happened to stumble upon them. They just didn’t have any way to determine if they were telling the truth but since once inside Wakanda there is no way any kind of tech would work in the outsider’s favor, he or she had the option to either be integrated in their society or be killed. They consider it a pretty obvious solution.Whatever the case, their specialist in tech, Shuri, was put in charge to fine comb those files that are causing them so much grief, if being out in the sun is what they want, then that is what they are going to get.~*~In 1987, Janet van Dyne died in very weird circumstances.Her husband, Hank Pym, claimed that she died in airplane crash… but there were no registers of any flight tickets in her name or in her husband’s…not that p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Natasha Friendly
not SHIELD friendly
Zemo's Plan
That should totally be a tag
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
