Chapter 1: The boy who cried Wolf
    


Summary:

Deadpool is bugging Spider-man by pretending he's someone in danger, and Spider-man is quite annoyed with him! Deadpool eventually go visit Spider-man's personal photographer, has his cover been blown?



Notes:
This is my first Spideypool fic! First two chapters was submitted on Tumblr. Haven't written a fan fiction in a while so I might be a bit rusty. Bear with me![EDIT] Have fixed up som past-tense and present-tense + fixed up some misspellings. Also gave the chapter a new name. Previously: Unwanted Guest[EDIT2]«...» is used as quotation marks to imply speech within this work of fan fiction.




Chapter Text
He stood there grinning like an idiot, again. What is it with him and his perverse fascination with getting me pissed of? «I can’t believe you actually got fooled...again!» He said and chuckled, I could see the way his mask moved as he spoke, he seemed very pleased with himself. «Oh fuck you,» I said and rolled my eyes under my mask. «Yes please,» The idiot said and made a subtle hip thrust in my direction. «I’m actually needed around here you know,» I said with a slight sigh. «You can’t just make up fake calls, have you ever heard of the boy who cried wolf?» I was looking down at him from a backyard balcony. He was standing down there in the dark back alley with his hands onto his hips in a very confident pose. «Yeah, but wolf and spider is two very different things,» He said as he put his hands behind his head. «..wow, imagine a spider-wolf..» He then exclaimed. «A hairy blood thirsty beast, able to climb walls and with eight limbs,» He shuddered before turning his attention to me. I only face-palmed and sighed again, what have  I done to deserve to have such a mentally unstable person crave my attention.«I’m a little disappointed that you don’t have eight limbs,» the mercenary said pointing up at me. «-I mean, that would have been very kinky in bed,». «I’m busy Deadpool, I don’t have time to listen to your weird fetishes,» I said and stood so I could shoot my web and flee. «Sure thing Spidey-babe,» He said and waved at me. He’d gotten my attention and that was his goal.   _________________  He didn’t bother me the rest of the time during my patrol luckily, I had needed to take some Spider-selfies for work purposes and I didn’t want to have him notice the camera. He was a dangerous man after all and I wouldn’t want him any near to finding out about my real name. It wasn’t like Peter Parker wasn’t already in Spider-man’s life to the public, as Spider-man’s personal photographer you’re being asked many stupid questions, especially by that damned Jameson.  I finished my patrol and swung to the place where I had hung up my camera. It was a little annoying having to awkwardly swing past that place sometimes, just because I didn’t have time to prepare my camera when I took care of purse-nappers and car-jackers.  I ripped the camera out of my web and removed the excessive webbing stuck on it, it came off pretty quick of course but then my Spider-sense went off like crazy. Someone was watching me. I looked around myself, but didn’t see anyone.  «I didn’t know Spiders took selfies?» A voice said from above, I looked up right away and saw the man in the red and black suit on top of the building. Deadpool. Fuck!  «What are you talking about?» I asked, I needed to speak myself out of this. «That camera,» He said and again looked really smug where he stood, I didn’t need to see his face to know he was feeling smug about something. «What about it?» I asked, I needed to consider that I had hung it up with my web, so I couldn’t really say I had found it or something.«Why would the amazing Spider-man need to take selfies?» Deadpool asked with humor in his voice. «I’m not taking any pictures,» I said and sighed. «I just needed to place it somewhere safe,» it was a believable story, I couldn’t really run around with it when I fought crime after all, «It’s a friend’s,» I soon added and hoped he would leave it be.«If you say so,» Deadpool said and sat down on the edge of the building, dangling his feet over the edge. He was carrying a take-away box, which he placed beside himself. Looked like Taco-Bell if I wasn’t mistaken. «Want some tacos?» He asked as he looked through the bag. «No thanks,» I said and shook my head before climbing up the wall with the camera. «Suit yourself,» He said happily, it didn’t sound like he wanted to share at all.  I then left and went to one of the back-alleys where I had left my backpack with my clothes, I was quick to change and take off my mask before Deadpool finished eating and decided to start following me again.  ____________________ After taking the subway home and walking from the substation to my aunt’s place. I was still a grown man, but I couldn’t really afford to have my own place, and I was sure aunt May was glad I was living with her to help her pay the bills.  Aunt May was just about to go to bed when I came in the door, we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Romance
Friendship/Love
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Slow Build
Self Confidence Issues
Suspense
mentions of child abuse
Mentions of Cancer

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

