Chapter 1: Deck the Halls
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Ho! Ho! Ho!" Clint shouts as he walks into the kitchen where Bucky was sitting at the table helping kid Tony eat his breakfast. Steve was making himself a cup of coffee and Natasha was pouring herself a bowl of cereal, neither bothering to look up when the archer entered the room."Finally admitting what you are?" Natasha asks him with a raised eyebrow and a tiny smirk and Bucky snorts in amusement while Steve ignores them in favor of adding sugar to his coffee."Nat, not in front of the Hobbit," Clint jokes back, referring to kid Tony who seemed to be oblivious to it all, as he grabs the Cocoa Puffs from Nat and starts to eat them straight from the box."You're weird," Tony tells the archer with his cute little button nose scrunched up as he looked up at the man."Look who's talking, short stack.""So Clint," Steve says quickly, interrupting any possible argument between Tony and Clint that had been brewing, "we're thinking about getting the Christmas tree up today since everyone is here for once. You in?""Definitely," Clint replies through a mouthful of cereal and they all cringe.Tony was about to make a comment about that when Bucky said, "Finish your breakfast, little punk, so we can get up the Christmas things."Tony nods and opens his mouth to accept another spoonful of cereal. He can feed himself, but he always makes a big mess and takes forever eating so sometimes Bucky or Steve have to help him eat even though he likes to remind them that he's not a baby and can do it himself, though he secretly likes it when they feed him. Especially in the mornings when he's really tired."Is Peter coming over today?" Tony asks curiously as he shakes his head at the next spoonful of cereal Bucky was offering him."I don't know, kiddo. He's in school right now, but maybe later when he's done," Steve tells the kid who pouts but nods in understanding. "We can call him later and ask if he can drop by, sounds good?"Tony nodded even though he was still a little sad he wasn't going to see his favorite crime fighting spider until later. Sometimes when Peter couldn't visit, he'd video call Tony and the two would spend a while talking and making plans about what to do the next time they hung out together. It was amazing for the team to see that no matter what age he was, Tony would always adore Peter and the teenager would always adore Tony.After breakfast, the whole team meets on the communal floor where boxes labeled "Christmas Crap" in adult Tony's familiar messy handwriting, were placed on the living room floor and a large Christmas tree stood by the large floor to ceiling windows in a corner of the room. Little Tony ran up to the tree and stared at it in awe."Is so big!" Tony exclaimed as he turned to face the team who were all smiling fondly at him."It is! And you're going to help us put the star on the very top of the tree," Natasha tells Tony as she taps his nose lightly before putting a child's sized Santa hat on his head."But how? I'm only this small and the tree is bigger than even Steve and Bucky!"Bucky chuckled and walked over to pick up the four year old, pressing a loud kiss to his chubby cheek before saying, "Silly, you forget that Vision can fly. He can help you put the star up there.""You're silly," Tony tells him, wiggling around in Bucky's arms until he's set down."Alright ladies and gents, and hobbit, lets get this show started!" Clint exclaims as he claps his hands and ignores the glare Tony sends him. "FRIDAY, crank up some Christmas tunes, will ya?"A second later All I Want For Christmas Is You starts to play through the speakers and Wanda and Nat busy themselves with grabbing the ornaments out of the boxes, Sam with untangling the lights, Clint just went around bothering everyone and the two super soldiers helped Vision unpack the rest of the boxes. Tony meanwhile, ran from one person to the next, chattering excitedly and wrapping himself up in the garland that they always place on the fireplace mantle."Alright little one," Wanda says as she hands Tony a gold colored sphere, "let's start putting these on the tree. Just on the places you can reach, alright?""Got it!" Tony exclaims as he places the gold ornament on a bottom branch of the tree while everyone else took the higher up branches.Pretty soon their tree was covered in gold and silver ornaments and Christmas lights and the team were getting Tony ready to put the star on the very top."Alright Hobbit," Clint says, grabbing the four year old's attention right away with the nickname and earning a scowl that only made him laugh and coo at Tony who looked like an angry kitten."Remember, be careful and we'll tell you if it's straight or not," Bucky tells the kid as he hands him the star."You're not," Sam mumbles and Clint snickers beside him while Bucky simply glares at them.Vision picks up Tony and then floats his way upwards until the ki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

freeform: 
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Tony Stark
Kid Fic
De-Aged Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Avengers Family
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Protective Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Sassy Tony Stark
Parent Bucky Barnes
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Fluff
Christmas Fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling
Nicknames
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Magic
5+1 Things
Sick Tony
Developing Relationship
Pining Bucky Barnes
Pining Loki (Marvel)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Everyone Is Alive
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Timeline What Timeline

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

