Work Text:
Bright light burst from the tip of Harry's wand, illuminating bare dungeon walls. The magnificent, white stag looked at Harry, then Malfoy, then Harry again."This won't work," Malfoy said. "It's confused." The stag shook his head as though denying it. "Go on," Harry told the stag, unwilling to admit defeat. Malfoy's face and hair looked ethereal in the stag's glow, but then he scowled and ruined the image.The stag galloped towards the heavy iron door. His antlers pushed through, but then, in a burst of silver smoke, it vanished, leaving them in darkness."Your pessimism did this." Harry twirled the wand in his hand, mentally going through the list of spells he could use, but he seemed to have tried them all in the last twenty minutes. Sending a message through with a Patronus was his last hope.  "I told you, Potter. The charms in this place are ancient. You can't break them with a few spells. We need a whole team. And a lot of chanting."Harry sighed. Malfoy was likely right. "I suppose you are an expert on old dungeons in evil pure-blood manors.""I am." Malfoy shot a spell at the opposite wall. High up, near the ceiling, a small window appeared, letting moonlight seep through and cast pale light on their faces. "This is all we can do. While we wait."Harry squinted up. "I didn't realise dungeons came with windows."Malfoy pocketed his wand. "It's fake. It's just there to remind prisoners of the world outside and things they can no longer have.""Right. Nice.""I didn't invent it," Malfoy snapped. "I just know how it works. Especially in this dungeon."Harry forced himself not to snap back. Bickering wouldn’t help them. "I know. I get it. It's Crabbe's manor." Malfoy probably played Trap-the-Muggle here as a kid. "I'm not accusing you of anything.""Good. Because I'm the one who should be accusing you. You got us trapped here.""What?" Apparently, they would have to bicker after all. "Because I decided against trying to fight off eight Dark wizards?""Six.""Two more were in the next room. I heard them. Not that our odds would have been that much better against six. Plus, you said we should hide in here.""I didn't tell you to close the goddamn door.""Open doors really defeat the purpose of hiding."Draco huffed. "That's not what I meant, anyway. Everything went downhill the moment you came here. You should have let me handle it on my own. That was the plan. I was just an interested party, an apothecary owner looking to stock up on illegal goods. An apothecary owner with former ties to Dark wizards, I might add. They wouldn't suspect me. Crabbe's father was one of them, for fuck's sake. He used to bring me sweets.""That wasn't the plan." Harry decided against pointing out that old Crabbe might not be inclined to give Malfoy sweets anymore. Not after his son had died in a fire that the rest of them escaped unharmed. Draco must have been aware of it. What was he thinking coming here alone? "We just wanted you to make contact. Get a name or an address. You should have sent me a message the moment they gave you a location, not Apparate here and play bait.""A message? What for? You put a Trace on me. Obviously. How else would you find me?""It's standard procedure." It was. Sort of. Except Harry would have to obtain Malfoy's consent, file a formal request, and wait for it to be approved. Quite a hassle, really, and a lengthy one at that. Casting a Trace on Malfoy and telling no one seemed much simpler."Right. Or maybe you thought I was involved and you wanted to keep an eye on me.""Oh, come on.""Why not? I bet I'm the likely suspect for everything and anything. A former Death Eater. A werewolf."Harry's temper flared. "I'm not the one who used to shun werewolves and called them half-breeds.""Oh, I see. I bet you think I deserved what happened to me. You consider it a fitting punishment, I imagine.""What? I never —" How was this suddenly about Draco being a werewolf?Malfoy’s breathing was ragged, his hands clenched into fists. "Or you think I'm incompetent, and I need you to rescue me." Malfoy advanced, his teeth bared. His voice sounded more and more like a growl.Harry took a step back. "You're a civilian. This isn't your job. I wanted to make sure you were safe because that's my job.""How noble." This time Malfoy did growl. It was a terrifying sound. "I don't need you and your heroics, Potter." His face was red and twisted. He looked dangerous. Murderous."Malfoy." Harry took another step back and lifted his wand. "Draco?"Malfoy blinked. His expression transformed in an instant, his threatening posture gone. He retreated, stumbling as he walked backwards. "Sorry, sorry," he said, his voice hoarse. He leaned against the wall, breathing heavily, not looking at Harry."Is it..." Harry looked up at the window. A bright full moon was twinkling at him through the bars. The window was fake, and it was too early for the moon to rise, but this was on Malfoy's mind when he activated the charm. "Full moon tonight?"Malfoy nodded,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Knotting
Trapped
Post-Hogwarts
Auror Harry
Werewolves
Werewolf Draco
Scent Kink
Size Kink
Animal Instincts

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

