Work Text:
The first time Eddie suggests they have sex, Venom is, more than anything else, extremely confused.They’re on the couch at home after a fight down by Fisherman's Wharf that's left Eddie annoyed and jittery; for some reason, keeping all the non-edible idiots straight from the snacks Venom's actually allowed to eat is harder there than other places. So Venom is trying to massage the tension of the night from Eddie’s shoulders, experimenting with prodding at different paces and pressures from within and without.It’s pleased with the results so far. Eddie has melted into a humming, human-shaped puddle, and Venom is half-in, half-out of his body, purring smugly, full of drug trafficker and as content as its ever been. They’re most of the way to finishing off a six-pack of some microbrew that theoretically has chocolate incorporated, and is, in Venom’s opinion, entirely overpriced based on the amount of actual chocolate Eddie could have purchased instead, but it's still chocolate and Venom likes how it makes Eddie go all fuzzy and sweet.All in all it's a fairly typical night, so when suddenly Eddie spits out into the normal routine of it a garbled invitation to try something new, Venom takes a while just puzzling out what he's even suggesting - humans use way too much slang. At first it's sure it's gotten it wrong, but-

“Okay, so I’m thinking maybe the extended silent treatment is a bad sign." When Venom coalesces a head to peer around at his face, Eddie refuses to to look at him. He stares intently at his own hands instead, struggling to open the sixth beer. “Nevermind, it’s cool, I just was interested, I thought maybe you might be interested too, I was clearly wrong. It’s no big. You up for, uh, for a Knicks game? Or, uh, what movie are we on now, on the, the list-”“YOU THOUGHT I WAS INTERESTED,” Venom repeats blankly, and feels the need despite its lack of eyelids to blink rapidly. “IN SEX? WITH YOU? Eddie stares at back at it with an expression that indicates Venom is getting something crucial wrong in this conversation. "BUT YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE SPORES."




“Yeah, my mistake, about the... spores, and all," Eddie says in a high voice, hunching his shoulders and ruining all of Venom’s massaging. "You're right. I do not have spores, so let's just... forget this came up. I clearly tangled some wires, misread some signals, it’s fine." His stomach had started roiling abruptly, like he’s been drinking something worse than fermented plant juice, or maybe like Venom accidentally left a chunk of undigested trafficker in there.














But Venom had experienced Eddie’s belly doing this inexplicable dance before, mostly during their first motorcycle ride, so it doesn’t worry itself, much, that some crucial organic component has been damaged. It noses at Eddie’s cramping stomach just in case, but nothing physically appears to be wrong, though it certainly feels that way. It takes a moment to parse, but it eventually dawns on Venom that Eddie is hurt, emotionally. That he’s embarrassed.Oh.“UH. I MEAN, IT'S NOT YOU, IT'S ME,” Venom assures him, and is unsure why Eddie groans. “IT'S JUST, IT'D BE LIKE-” Venom gropes for a human analogy. “YOU WANTING TO FUCK A STOPLIGHT. OR - THE COLOR PURPLE.”“Stop, stop.” Eddie gropes around the table, eyes closed, and then sighs and takes the beer Venom is dangling in front of him. He drains it too fast, and then says too casual, with a wide smile that even Venom can tell is fake. “Look, I get it. Forget I said anything. Let’s just finish the movie. The game. Whatever this is, on the television, right now.”“IF I FOUND ANY SOLID-STATE HUMANOID HAIRLESS BIPED SEXUALLY COMPELLING IT WOULD DEFINITELY BE YOU!” Venom tries again, directionlessly questing for the right thing to say, something that will make the strange, sad whirlpool feeling in Eddie’s stomach go away. “I KNOW YOUR ORGANS ARE DELICIOUS, ANYWAY. I’M SURE OTHER… BIPEDS… LIKE YOUR LIMB ARRANGEMENTS? I’M JUST NOT INTO LIMBS, IS ALL. USUALLY. I MEAN, WHEN I’M NOT... EATING THEM.”At least Eddie now looks a little less like he’s taking an enormous and painful shit, and a little more amused.“Look, just as a hot tip from me to you, on behalf of the planet Earth, you don’t have to verbalize all the reasons you’re rejecting someone. You can just say, ‘nah,’ and let the other person, I dunno. Die gracefully of shame or something, okay, buddy? And if they don’t take your nah for an answer, you should eat them. You have my permission on that one, forever.”“NOW YOU’RE JUST BEING DRAMATIC,” Venom scoffs awkwardly, starting to feel it probably could have handled this whole thing better; they’d never covered this sort of thing in class. Not that Venom had ever done well in class, but mostly they just taught the cadets how to suppress an immune system, or how to subjugate a carbon-based versus silicon-based planet, instead of anything useful. “I WOULD NEVER LET YOU DIE, NO MATTER HOW SHAMEFULLY YOU BEHAVED.”“Thanks, thanks, buddy.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Alien Biology
Sexy Sexy Spores
Bondage
BDSM
Anal
Oral
Tentacles
Blood
Teeth Teeth Teeth
Human Disaster Eddie Brock
Bisexual Eddie Brock
Sub Eddie Brock
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Yuleporn
Past Eddie/Anne
Xeno
Gender-Neutral Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Nipple Play
Suggestions Of Kinks To Come
First Times
Awkward Sex
Begging
Sexual Discovery
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Humans Are Weird About Sex
Like So Weird
goddamn
Venom Meets The Internet
D/s

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

