Chapter 1: Washington D.C.
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The most surprising part about this picture, Steve reflects, is that the HYDRA agents who’d been left for him in his apartment are still alive.There are three of them, piled up neatly just inside his front door, their black STRIKE gear hiding the worst of the damage. They're out cold and one is bleeding from a head wound, but he can still hear breathing. All things considered, he’s willing to count this as gentle handling.He pulls out his phone and texts Natasha.She shows up ten minutes later with a cup of coffee in each hand, one of which she gives to him. "I have to admit, I'm kinda jealous. I only ever get diamonds and perfumes from my admirers." "Should I take this as some form of sweet talk?" Steve asks dryly.She gives him one of those sharp, softly loaded looks he never knows how to decipher. "From the dust and wear on their pants, two of them had been sitting on the roof of the next building for at least a day. The third was in this building, maybe even inside this apartment. They were waiting for you." One of the men stirs slightly. She gives the limp forms on the floor a very unimpressed look that Steve thinks somehow penetrates the guy's hindbrain, because he goes quiet again. "They were a threat to you and your home, and they've been neutralized. You won't even have to answer any awkward questions about dead men being found in your apartment." She takes a casual sip of her coffee. "It's actually kinda adorable."He doesn't know what to say to that."I'll take care of this," says Natasha, pulling out her phone. "You staying at Wilson's?""Thanks. And yeah," says Steve. "Though most of my things are still here." He pats the duffel bag full of clothes he'd brought with him. He comes back a couple times a week to do laundry and air out the apartment, but the place where he sleeps and eats and spends most of his time at is Sam's.She finishes typing on her phone and looks up at him. "I'm thinking about moving to New York."That makes him raise his eyebrows. "Stark?"She nods. "SHIELD had a lot of clout in Washington, which means HYDRA does, too. I'm far more exposed here than I'm comfortable with." She nods pointedly at the men on the floor. "Seems like you are, too. This is a warning."He looks at the wall with the bullet holes. Right through-and-throughs. Someone, Steve has no idea who, had patched them over with duct tape. Steve is a big fan of duct tape, it’s versatile and multi-purpose, but right now the little strips of grey are serving as a reminder that the Winter Soldier had shot Fury right through the wall. "I'll talk to Sam about it."  Sam likes to think that, between two tours abroad and all the recent excitement in his life, he's developed a sturdy constitution and a damn good tolerance for unexpected surprises. Which is why he doesn't piss his pants when he looks up in the middle of the eleven a.m. group session at the VA to find the Winter Soldier sitting in the last row.At least Sam's no longer the primary counsellor; he's just there to support Rodriguez, who's taking over most of his groups. Stability is important for effective therapy, and simply disappearing on his people doesn't sit right with him, so they do a proper handoff. He's made clear that he'd like the group to keep in touch with him, and he'll try to visit whenever he can."You're going back in, aren't you?" asks formerly Petty Officer Daniels, who now goes by Michelle."Not exactly," says Sam. He keeps his gaze on her while his thoughts scramble around, wondering if he should start freaking out. If he'd spotted that bleak, dead-eyed face in a mall or out on the street, he would definitely be freaking out. But in this space— it doesn't feel right, to be warier of one damaged soldier amongst other damaged soldiers. Even if it is the Winter Soldier.  Sam swallows and focuses on keeping his cool. "I'm afraid I can't really talk about it.""Give it up, Wilson, we know you're working with Captain America," pipes up Frank. There are slow nods around the room. "The news footage didn't show much, and it was all from a distance," says Michelle, "but I thought, who would be crazy enough to fly around those fucking floating fortresses packed with cannons and machine guns without any fucking cover?""And I might have mentioned that my unit saw one of yours in action once," says Eric. Sam shakes his head. "I should have known you guys would be a bunch of gossips.""There might have been a Facebook group involved," admits Frank.Perry, who never says anything without being prompted, rasps through his damaged voice box, "The wall is very therapeutic."Laughter. Sam chuckles along with them. "Then you know I wouldn't just take off if it weren't important." It takes every ounce of willpower not to glance at the back of the room."I think what we're trying to say is that we're absolutely behind you in this," says Frank. "Like, how many 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rescue Missions
First Meetings
Psychological Trauma
Recovery
Angst and Humor
Getting to Know Each Other
Getting Together
Self-Discovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

