Chapter 1: I never meant to
    




Chapter Text
Bucky had been warned about Tony Stark before joining them in his Tower. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. No one in the Tower much liked him, but he did help them out for his own reasons, so they tolerated him.
Mostly.
Despite the subtle cameras that Bucky had noticed all over the Tower - cameras he presumed were also capable of recording sound - none of them were very hesitant about expressing their dislike for Stark when he wasn’t around. Only the presence of Ms Potts and Colonel Rhodes seemed to silence them somewhat, which seemed like a wise course of action. Both of them seemed very, very protective of him.
Considering he was there for Stark’s protection, and indeed prioritized moving Stark to a safe, invisible location anytime there was trouble, it was even odder to Bucky that Iron Man seemed to dislike his boss as well.
Actually, dislike was the wrong word.
He gave the impression of disgust more often than not, a subtle hatred that went deeper than even the Maximoffs’. Unlike most of the others, Iron Man never started on the subject of Stark, but his disdain when the subject came up regardless was more than obvious.
A discreet inquiry with the others gave a range of theories as varied as their personalities. Not a lot was known about the relation between Iron Man and Stark, except that they were tied together in a way at least Iron Man was unhappy about. Natalia Natasha told him about a mention Iron Man had made about depending on Stark, quite possibly with his life, and therefore being dedicated to his protection. It could explain both his protection and his resentment, but Bucky wasn’t sure. There seemed to be something deeper, darker. He just couldn’t quite figure it out.
The others called Stark selfish and greedy and a coward, but… that wasn’t quite the impression Bucky got. Especially considering the first time he actually met the man was after he’d been living in the guy’s tower for a while, in order to work on his arm.
If he’d been afraid Stark’s workshop would feel anything like HYDRA’s labs, that fear had instantly disappeared when he actually saw the place. Rather than cold and impersonal, it seemed alive and warm in a way that wasn’t physical. Perhaps it was the robots, or the futuristic projections, or maybe it was Stark’s own energy, but he instantly felt more comfortable there than he ever had with HYDRA.
“Sergeant Barnes, welcome to my lair,” Stark had greeted. He’d smiled, but Bucky couldn’t be quite sure it was genuine, and he still seemed somewhat withdrawn. Which, fair, considering he’d killed the guy’s parents.
(Steve had told him how he’d asked Iron Man whether he should tell Stark about the Winter Soldier’s mission. The fact that Iron Man had then almost immediately left, only telling Steve that he’d take Stark somewhere private immediately to let him know and not to expect either of them back for a while, only supported Bucky’s idea that Stark did have access to the camera feeds.)
“So, for your arm. After I get some initial scans, we can either sit on the couch, or on the stool, depending on your preference. There’s also a more comfortable desk chair if that’s your thing. Do let me know if there’s anything you would like for distraction - movie, series, music… hell, I can get you an audiobook if that’s your thing. It’s gonna take a while, and you might get bored and everything, so I figure if there’s a way to make it easier for you, we can see what’s possible. Then again, if you have any other ideas, I kind of live to make the impossible possible, so yeah…”
Stark had rambled. Bucky had ended up going for a movie, and it didn’t seem like Stark had even noticed that he was still talking softly. Most people probably wouldn’t have heard it at all. On the bright side, he had been so focused on the arm he never noticed Bucky smiling at some of the comments he made on the movie.
They had met up a few more times about the arm, and every time Stark had tried his best to make Bucky feel as comfortable as possible. Despite what everyone said, Stark mostly just seemed awkward, almost shy.
So Bucky never got in on the rants some of the others went on sometimes. Steve disliked quite a bit about Stark, and often mentioned how the man should be more like his father. Considering a lot of the things Steve professed to dislike about the younger Stark were things Bucky recalled the older Stark doing just as much, if not more, he wondered how much of Steve’s feelings were based off nostalgia rather than the actual person Howard Stark had been. Iron Man had his private issues with Stark. The Maximoffs hated him for the bomb, Barton and Wilson both thought he was an elitist piece of shit and Natasha sneered and called him a narcissist with destructive tendencies. Thor didn’t seem to care about him one way or another. The only other person who didn’t seem to mind Tony Stark was Banner, who had worked with him on some scientific matters and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Insecure Tony
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Not Canon Compliant
Tony didn't tell the world he was Iron Man
Team as Family
Dysfunctional Family
they're learning
Canon-Typical Violence
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Bingo 2018
Implications of Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

