Work Text:

Steve tries to think how it escalated to this point, but thinking isn’t exactly a priority right now, not with the press of Bucky’s hips to his ass and the scratch of his beard on the back of Steve’s neck in hot little patches that itch and burn.

Actually, Steve is pretty sure he 

can’t 

think right now. Everything around him is unfocused static, pleasure spread to every corner of his body. Somewhere above it all he floats, enveloped in the sound of Bucky’s voice and how it feels to be doted on the way Bucky does when they play.

The words come easier this time, now that the initial shame is less stiff. Bucky’d peppered Steve with kisses beforehand, petting gently along his arms and thighs as he undressed him. Murmured soft, filthy words of praise against Steve’s mouth, the blush-reddened shell of his ear as every new inch of skin was revealed: 

Such a good boy for me, baby. You blush so pretty for your daddy, you know that


And Steve mewling 

Daddy

 in a voice that couldn’t be his, because that voice was high-pitched and plaintive and begged for attention, and Steve Rogers 

never

 begged for attention—but, somehow, it was and Bucky scooped him up, kissed his neck and shoulders and finally his lips, wedging his hand between them to play with Steve’s foreskin where it was just beginning to reveal the smooth crown of his cock.

“I got you,” Bucky said as he rubbed the slick head, thumbing at the retracted skin until Steve was slick and shaking, whimpering little syllables that alternated between aborted attempts at both Bucky’s name and that goddamn glorious 

beautiful 

nickname.

“Daddy,” Steve whined, hips jerking forward. He kissed Bucky blindly, sloppy, said it again, 

Daddy

.

“Sweet, gorgeous boy,” Bucky cooed, kissing Steve back just as sloppy. “Daddy is gonna make you feel so special tonight. Just like you deserve.”

Steve could cry thinking about it. He could cry now, with the deep way that Bucky is fucking him. In, out, the thick, heavy length of his cock pressing everywhere. The scent of them sex-thick, primal, overlaid with the sharpness of sweat as they move together. Bucky’s chest to Steve’s back, both huge and imposing but Steve feeling so 

small

 cradled under Bucky’s weight.

Bucky doesn’t keep his rhythm consistent, choosing instead to vary it to keep Steve guessing. One moment his chest is still to Steve’s back and he’s fucking him slow and easy; the next he’s straightening up and fucking him hard until the backs of Steve’s thighs glow pink and Bucky’s own deep breaths turn into tight grunts.

It drives Steve fucking crazy, and Bucky knows it. Same way that the fingers of Bucky’s flesh hand carding through his hair makes him boneless, and the sudden tug that yanks his head back makes Steve gasp. These are all things that Bucky 

knows

.
Though his endurance is—obviously—superhuman, Steve’s biceps still tremble as he holds himself up. The space between his body and the bed is musky with the scent of pre-come and arousal when his head dips down as Bucky’s cock rubs against his prostate. Between his legs Steve’s cock curves, desperate, towards his belly, slick pearls of pre-come sliding down the shaft when they don’t drip off onto the sheets.
His mouth is dry, and he closes it, swallows thickly to try to rid it of the cotton. “Daddy,” he whispers, a little hoarse. His hair falls down over his forehead, sticking to the sweaty skin there.

The shame may be loosened, but that doesn’t mean that it isn’t lingering: it still makes flames shoot up Steve’s neck, this forbidden word, the way it makes Steve feel and all the ways it 

shouldn’t

.

A low groan behind him, fingers of both metal and flesh alike tightening on the skin of Steve’s hips. Steve arches into the pain with a whimper, bouncing his ass a little because he may be half-out of his mind with desire but he still knows exactly what Bucky loves.

And right on cue: wrecked, Bucky says, “That’s it. 

Oh, Steve. 

That’s my good baby, my sweet little boy.” Like just hearing Steve say that word is enough to undo him—and maybe it is, because isn’t that the whole point of this thing? Asking for things from each other, this strange but amazing dance.

Steve moans, choked; says again, “Uhn—

Daddy, yes

.”

“Jesus fucking Christ,” Bucky swears. With every abortive jolt of his hips back into Steve’s heat the tenuous grasp on his control loosens. “

Fuck

. What you do to me, honey, you just got no goddamn idea.”

I do, Steve thinks wildly, you know I do.

Out loud, Steve moans. He whimpers and grunts and arches back into everything that Bucky—his 

daddy

—gives him. He wants to be good, wants to be 

so good

 and make his daddy feel so great.

“Harder,” Steve begs, because it isn’t enough, it’s never enough. Like this he can’t get pounded the way he needs, can’t get Bucky as deep as possible until he feels him practically in his guts. Breathless, needy, he says, “Fuck me harder, Daddy, please.”

“You want harder?” Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Dirty Talk
Riding
Barebacking
Daddy Kink
Felching
Multiple Orgasms
A lil bit of verbal humiliation in a GOOD WAY
Come Eating
Face-Sitting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

