Chapter 1: Tony and Peter Meet
    




Chapter Text
Peter knew he was smart.
If only he could 'apply' it, of course.
But who had time for that? He was Spider-Man, he needed to help people. He couldn't help his parents, he couldn't help Ben, and now he couldn't even help May.
So here he was, standing in front of an orphanage with a duffel bag, his Spider-Man suit hidden in the bottom. The last few months had gone by fast for Peter, and he still felt like crying whenever he thought of May.
Thought of how many different ways he could have saved her.
Peter shook his head, swallowing the lump forming in his throat as he walked up the few steps. He knocked on the door, knowing Spider-Man would be dead once he stepped foot in the door. Said door swung open and he gave a small smile.
Four months later he was moved to the senior class in his high school.
One year later, he graduated from Midtown. At age 16.
"Great job, Peter." Karen, one of the workers at the orphanage says. Karen was always the only one praising him. The only worker, at least.
Peter just smiled slightly and nodded, not sure why he still felt numb. He should be helping people, not keeping his smarts to himself.
A few days later, Karen helped him fill out a college application, to MIT. Peter seriously doubted he would get in.
"Karen, I'm sixteen. They'd be out of their minds to accept me." Peter says with a frown as he submitted his online form.
"You're smart, Peter. I have no doubt that you'll get in." Karen says with a smile.
"I managed to not get adopted in two years, this isn't going to happen." Peter says, resisting the urge to roll his eyes.
And yet, Peter checked his email every couple of hours.
 
-
"Hey, boss, FRIDAY wanted me to show you this." Happy says, coming into the kitchen of the Avengers Tower.
"Show me what?" Tony asks, taking a sip of coffee and not looking too amused.
"Peter Parker's admission form to get into MIT." Happy says simply, putting a packet of papers on the counter.
"Some kid wants to get into MIT. So what?" Tony asks, raising an eyebrow. He didn't have time for this.
"Peter Parker is sixteen." Happy says flatly, Tony almost choking on his coffee.
"This kid does know you have to be a high school graduate, right?" Tony asks, interest finally grabbing his attention as he put his mug down and started looking through the papers.
"Everyone knows that. He graduated from Midtown Science and Technology a couple days ago." Happy says. "Someone even talked to his teachers. Seems like he wasn't even trying until a year and some ago."
"Okay, that makes some sense. Why'd you bring it to me?" Tony asks. Peter Parker. Huh.
"They thought it'd be a special case, boss. The kid can't drive a car, but is smart as hell. Colonel Rhodes said he reminded him of you, minus the drinking and partying." Happy says with a shrug.
"Minus the drinking and partying, huh?" Tony repeats, looking at Peter's photo before shutting the file. "Where does the kid live? He might be a good intern."
"That's the thing." Happy says, causing Tony to look at him with confusion and curiosity. "The kid is an orphan. You'll have to talk to the directors and set something up."
"Well how far away is the orphanage?" Tony asks curiously.
"It's in Queens." Happy supplies, wondering where this was going.
"Perfect. You can pick him up and bring him here, if the kid is as smart as he says." Tony says with a smile, and Happy groans. Of course that's where it was going. "Let's go."
"You're going to interview him now?" Happy asks, surprised.
"Any reason I shouldn't? I can't let genius like that slip away." Tony says with a grin. And about 45 minutes later, his driver/bodyguard was parked in front of an orphanage.
"Jeez, this place is a little run down." Tony says after looking at the building, a frown present on his face. He went up to the door, plastered a paparazzi worthy smile on his face, and knocked.
"He-" Karen stopped when she saw who it was. Surprisingly, she managed to keep calm. "Mr. Stark." she says with a pleasant smile. "I assume you're here for Peter?"
"Yes, I am. How'd you know?" Tony asks, slightly surprised.
"Peter is a very intelligent boy, I didn't think it'd be long before you showed up." Karen answers simply, letting Tony is.
"It seems like everyone's saying that. Where's Peter now?" Tony asks curiously, not exactly phrasing that like he wanted.
"He's talking with Norman Osborn, I believe he's offering Peter an internship." Karen says, cue yelling from upstairs in Peter's room. "It sounds as if it isn't going well."
"I think you're right." Tony says, and couldn't help but notice how much Karen reminded him of FRIDAY. Yes, Karen was a human and FRIDAY was an AI, but they were still similar.
"I better go see what's going on." Karen says with a frown, but before she could get to the stairs, loud stomping came down from it.
"You'll regret this, Parker!" Norman yelled, pushing his way out the door.
"I'm sure I won't!" Peter chirped as he came down the stairs. He fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
A completely other au
Precious Peter Parker
The Avengers will get protective over our Peter boi
I have way too much time on my hands
Tony didn't go recruit Peter for Civil War
At least not in this fanfic he didn't
there will be some angst
Just not right away
Ned is an old boi
because he is
Shh

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

