Work Text:
Steve was grateful that T’Challa had agreed to arrange their return to the US. He really was. But that didn’t stop him from wondering why T’Challa had decided to let them make the trip in such an old and unassuming plane. He was a king, a king of a country that had only recently decided to reveal itself to the world at that. Wouldn’t it be in his best interest to let the world see the true extent of Wakanda’s technology immediately? Yes, the plane was a marvel to look at, the outside made of pitch-black panels that would turn purple upon contact with rain, but it had been in the very back of the hangar, and Steve could already feel how it didn’t do much to keep the temperature pleasant during the flight. Was that really the first impression that T’Challa wished for Wakanda?
Although half the planes back in the hangar had probably been designed by Shuri, Steve was sure it was T’Challa who had been the one to make the decision of sending them off in that particular one. The few times he had gotten a chance to talk with Shuri, she had always seemed so proud of her inventions - like Tony had done, an unhelpful part of his brain would remind him every time - so surely, she would have wanted to show the world exactly what she was capable of, wouldn’t she?
Shuri not acting like Tony would have been convenient in almost any other situation, but right then, it was just frustrating.
Still, the annoyance was nothing compared to the joy Steve felt at the prospect of returning home.
It had taken twenty long months, twenty months where Steve and the rest of his team had been forced to hide in Wakanda just for having had the courage to stand up against the world and tell it to move, to say that they would not allow governments and people with agendas to seize control over the Avengers, but finally, people had seen sense and had asked them to come back to protect them.
Some, Steve supposed, would have been petty and refused to return. In fact, he was almost sure that if Tony had been the one to be cast out, he would not simply come back, ready to protect everyone again. No, he would have made a scene, probably convincing Pepper to use her position as the CEO of Stark Industries to say something bad about the government as well.
Well, luckily for the world, Steve and his team were just happy to be back.
Of course, there were still things that could have been better, things Steve would have to fix once he had had the chance to settle into life at the Compound again. First, he had to do something about Bucky, who was still frozen back in Wakanda.
When Shuri had approached him only a couple of months after Steve and the others had arrived in Wakanda to inform him that there was nothing she could do for Bucky right now, Steve had not believed her. Wakanda might still be a relatively unknown country, but Shuri was widely regarded as a genius, a genius who had nearly unlimited resources at her disposal at that, so surely there was something she could do, there had to be. But when he had asked her for the reason why she was giving up, she had just shook her head, mumbling something about having an entire country to serve and not just being some inventor who always had time for them. Steve had wanted to say something to her, but she had simply walked right past him, disappearing into another room through a door flanked by two members of the Dora Milaje. When Steve had tried to follow her to try to convince her that Bucky deserved help, the two women had stepped in front of the door, raising their spears slightly. Their faces had been calm, but the threat obvious. Try to follow the princess and we will make you regret it. And since Bucky was still stuck in the laboratory, completely defenceless, Steve had decided not to risk it and instead let it go.
That was why it was crucial that he could get to speak with Tony. Despite not really being ready to trust the inventor again, Steve had to admit that Tony was this last hope. At least Tony was known for being unable to turn down a chance to show off, so Steve was sure that it would only take a couple of days to make Tony give up his grudge against then and agree to help, not only with Bucky but with the Accords Council as well. From what Steve had heard, it had all turned out exactly the way he had feared it would do with the Avengers being little more than pawns, all of them controlled by the government,.
“What are you thinking about?” Natasha’s voice interrupted his worries and Steve tried to smile at her
Much like himself, the forced stay in Wakanda had left its marks on Nat. Gone were the days where she could just walk outside. Through all of the months in Wakanda, T’Challa had kept reminding them not to step outside the east wing of the palace, telling them that although he had granted them sanctuary, he could not guarantee that everyone in the palace would agree with him. When Natasha had tried to argue that they needed to be able to go outside to stay in shape, he had l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Sokovia Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man
Implied Relationships
Or Friendship

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

