Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Prongslet’s Den
Steve Rogers just wanted some good, old fashioned English tea. He had never enjoyed the coffee Bucky would always brew but during his time overseas he developed a taste for properly brewed English tea. Yes, Bruce had a rather large stash of tea but they were all very exotic and usually originated from India or Mongolia. He had tried to pick up some classics such as Earl Grey but he could not brew it correctly and have it come out the way he remembered.
He was starting to become easily agitated with every failure to the point that everyone started to avoid him when the tea kettle came out. This continued on for several weeks until Steve did something unforgivable. He slammed into Tony’s shoulder and was going to continue on his way until he heard a large crash and turned to see coffee on the ground with a broken gadget Tony had holed himself up in the workshop for the past 52 hours to make for Natasha. Tony lost it, not because he lost his work, he could always have JARVIS re-build it for him, but it was the first hot cup of coffee Tony had in over seven hours and Pepper had picked it up for him. He hadn’t even had a sip of the nectar of life before the incident occurred.
Tony slowly looked up from the dark liquid that was splashed across the floor and then at the cup and lid that had once contained it, empty but covered in the dark stain. “We are going out Captain Pissy-Pants and don’t you dare say a damned thing unless you want me to tell Natasha the reason her Widow’s Bite is broken is your fault.”
Tony pulled Steve along, not stopping until they were in his car garage, standing in front of some classic car Steve didn’t know the name of. Tony opened the passenger door and pointed at it, indicating to Steve to get in, sit down, and shut up. The door was slammed once he was seated and it made Steve wince, yes he had been angry but that was no reason to ruin Tony’s day and not even apologize for it.
Steve was jerked from his thoughts when Tony came to an abrupt halt at a plain looking brick building café labeled ‘Prongslet’s Den’. “Get out.” Tony said curtly as he stepped out of the car and slammed the door shut all the while glaring at Steve.
Steve sighed as he got out and followed Tony into the café; he was pleasantly surprised by the smooth jazz playing through the speakers and the cozy space. It was filled with old wooden tables that were painted silver, gold, bronze and black. They were all paired with wooden chairs that went anywhere from a basic lawn chair to a full-on wingback armchair depending on the table and location-the more basic chairs were in the front of the store near the windows while the armchairs where along the back wall close to a good old-fashioned fire place against a yellow with black trim wall. 
It was a pleasant change from the popular, upbeat and modern coffee shop chain that had taken over with a green mermaid of all things for a logo-what was it? Starshine? Starburst? Close enough; what did a green mermaid have to do with coffee anyway? It was just a nice change because rather than being impersonal and modern like most joints this was warm and welcoming with a nice dose of old fashioned and not a place he could see the futuristic man of Tony Stark to visit regularly.
The scent of fresh baked goods, meats, coffees, and tea overpowered Steve’s senses. The same coffee he had spilled of Tony’s was the most prominent-he could tell due to his heightened sense of smell and taste thanks to the serum, and if he had any doubts it was reinforced when Tony made a beeline to the counter with a young man behind.
The boy or man, for he was at the stage when his actions would speak more than his age was even shorter than Tony’s 5’9” frame with wild, untamed hair that almost made up the height difference greeted Tony with a familiar crooked grin and large, emerald doe eyes sparkling in mirth behind wire square rimmed glasses, “Tony, has your coffee addiction grown? Pepper left here less than thirty minutes ago with your usual order minus the muffin.”
“I know, I was mad about the muffin, but then Captain My-Spandex-is-Too-Tight-and-Giving-Me-a-Wedgie spilt it before I got a sip so please Harry! I’m desperate!”
“Yes, the oil stains on your face and clothes, not to mention the mad scientist hair did not clue me in, now I see it,” The man, Harry, mocked with an English and Scottish mixed accent as he shoved a large blue mug and a still steaming blueberry muffin to Tony, “and what would Captain My-Spandex-is-Too-Tight-and-Giving-Me-a-Wedgie like?” He asked with a teasing grin and wink towards Steve.
“Some of your English tea,” Tony moaned, “he has been trying to make some old fashioned English tea and has been whining about it so much and getting into pissy moods; it’s why he spilt my coffee!” He grouched.
“What can I say? We Englishmen know how to make proper tea.” Harry laughed as he fixed a cup for Steve and handed it to him before ushering the two Aveng
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slash
Male Slash
Gay Male Character
Yaoi

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

