Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky was silent the whole way to Wakanda. Too much had happened too quickly for him to process. His mind felt like it was in a holding pattern.  He had vaguely heard T’Challa apologize for trying to kill him. It had barely registered. Somewhere over southern Europe, Steve had said that T’Challa was offering them sanctuary as repayment for unjustly going after Bucky. Bucky isn’t so sure T’Challa was being unjust. He had a damned good reason to believe Bucky killed his father. There was a video with his face on it, not like there was a lot of room for argument about who planted the bomb. It was a fluke that someone went to all that trouble to break up the Avengers. Nobody could have foreseen that happening. T’Challa was in the right as far as Bucky was concerned.

Bucky felt much the same about Stark. Hell, if T'Challa was at all justified, then Stark was more than doubly so. He could hardly believe they'd come away from that fight alive. Stark hadn't used any of those terrifying missiles of his. The deadly unibeam had only gone off once and Stark had taken his hated HYDRA arm and not his head. When he'd seen that light glow and start to power up, he knew he was dead. No one could survive being hit with that. But Stark had been holding back. Bucky could understand Stark not wanting to use deadly force against Steve, his teammate, someone he thought of as a friend even if he was mad at him. He should have had no such compunctions about taking out Bucky. He couldn't understand Stark not killing him outright for assassinating Howard and Maria Stark. Whether he'd wanted to do it or not, whether HYDRA was ultimately the ones responsible or not, it was his hands that had brutally murdered Stark's parents.

T’Challa was already in Wakanda when they finally arrived. The Quinjet was fast, but apparently, Wakandan technology could make an even faster personal aircraft. Bucky allowed himself to be led off to a medical suite. He was still coasting in his mind. He’d had a pretty eventful few days and now he was in a lot of pain. It interfered with his thinking. It was easier to just let his brain go into soft-focus while his body knew he was somewhere safe. He had Steve at his back and a promise of asylum from T'Challa. He hated letting his guard down, but if he was able to do it anywhere today, this would be the place.



The Wakandan doctors gave him something for the pain that was actually effective for super soldiers. His body relaxed for the first time since the arm was severed. He hadn't really recognized how tense he was. He knew it was painful, but he'd had worse pain with HYDRA. He just wasn't used to that anymore. He was going soft. They capped off the exposed wire endings in his shoulder and covered the whole stump with a little beanie. That was when he finally started paying attention to what was happening. Both Steve and T’Challa were in the room, but the other med beds were empty. There seemed to be no other patients in the med suite.

“Where’s Stark?” Bucky slid to the edge of his bed and craned his neck to see every corner of the room. Stark wasn’t in medical. Maybe there was another room. Probably, Stark wouldn't want to be in the same room as Bucky.

“He’s not here. You’re safe. He can’t hurt you now.” Steve blurted out and put his hands up in a placating gesture as he stepped closer to Bucky.

“What do you mean, Sergeant Barnes? Dr. Stark stayed behind in Siberia to make his own way out. As he made his own way in.” T’Challa looked as though he was worried for Bucky’s state of mind.

“No, I mean, I know he was in Siberia. But he was hurt. And the suit was broke. He couldn’t make his way out on his own. Nobody brought him here to see the doctors?” Bucky was confused. He knew Steve had nearly carried him from the bunker, he knew he'd been in a daze and not paying attention, but Steve knew Stark was incapacitated. And T’Challa was there. Surely one of them made sure Stark got out.

“Bucky, Stark was fine. You're safe here. He can't find you.” Steve was close enough now to put one hand on Bucky’s flesh shoulder. He was focusing on Bucky very intently.

“Dr. Stark was injured? Captain, you said Dr. Stark was fine. Is Sergeant Barnes correct? Did Dr. Stark need medical assistance?” T’Challa’s voice had become sharp.

“Stark was fine. He went crazy and was trying to kill Bucky, so I disabled the suit, but he was fine. He was basically cussing me out the whole time me and Bucky were leaving.” Steve sounded annoyed by the line of questioning. He looked at Bucky again in that very focused way that was starting to make Bucky uncomfortable.

Bucky looked around Steve to make eye contact with T'Challa. “He was hurt. Steve broke the suit. He broke Stark. I helped, we were all fighting. But it was two against one and Stark wasn’t trying to kill anybody. He was angry and hurt, for good reason.” Bucky paused and looked down at his flesh hand in his lap. He flexed the fingers. He'd used the fle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Salty about Team Cap
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Bucky Barnes
No Smut
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Possibly Pre-Slash

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

