Work Text:
The first time Peter gave an orientation to the new interns and scientists he was a nervous wreck. Everyone capable of leading orientation had been occupied that night (mysteriously). He shakily took the small group around the tower, explained the rules, answered all their questions, and got them situated. After the fact, he was congratulated by the Lab Directors and they took him out for sundaes. Mr. Stark, especially, was very proud of him, and he even went with the group to get sundaes.
The LDs and LBs were shocked at what an amazing job Peter did of orientating the new staff. Slowly, it became more normal for Peter to do orientations. He started doing them early junior year and in a few months, he was doing every single orientation. It became his unofficial official job.  Peter was sleeping in his room in the Avengers Tower when he heard FRIDAY calling him. “ Good morning, Peter. Mr. Davis has requested to speak with you as soon as possible.”Peter groaned. “Ugh, Fri, what time is it?”“It is currently 6:15am, Peter.”Peter groaned again and threw a pillow over his head. “Tell him I’ll be down in 10.”“Yes, sir.”Peter fumbled out of bed and dragged himself to his closet to get ready. When he was done doing his morning routine he grabbed the walkie talkie sitting on his desk and headed towards the elevator. “FRIDAY take me to the floor Noah is currently on.”“Now taking you to floor 14, Omega.”Peter turned the volume up on his walkie and clipped it to his pants. The walkies were usually pretty quite at this time. Most of the staff didn’t get in until at least 7:30 am and the Lab Directors were either sleeping, helping the few brave souls who were here, or testing products. On the weekends, Peter was a Lab Director on call, so he had to always keep his walkie talkie on. This led to a few interesting and aggravating situations. When he arrived on the floor,  he saw a few interns working quietly, a few sleeping at their stations, and Noah, who was walking around and checking on them. It seemed like he had taken the night shift. He looked dead tired, which was accurate because he has probably been on shift since 10pm.

 Peter watched as Noah crouched next to an intern and started whispering softly to her. Peter couldn’t make out what they were saying, but then the intern gestured to what was on her desk and tears started rolling down her face. Noah placed a hand onto her shoulder and pulled her into a hug. Her shoulders shook. Noah smiled at her and gave her an access card. They then both stood up and Noah walked her to the elevator. Noah spotted Peter and smiled at him.“I will come check on you in a few hours, okay?” Noah told her. She nodded. “Thank you, Noah.”The elevator closed and Noah turned his attention towards Peter. “What can I do for you, Pete?”“What happened to Kara?” Peter asked. Noah shrugged “, Kara has been working on her project almost nonstop for the last 72 hours. She has gotten little sleep and is very frustrated with herself. I sent her up to my room to get some sleep.”Peter nodded in understanding. It always amazed him how much the Lab Directors cared about their staff and how much trust the staff put into their Lab Directors.“I was actually called down here this morning by FRIDAY. You wanted to see me?” “Ah, yes!” Noah clapped his hands together. “There is an Omega orientation today at 3:30 pm.”Peter glared playfully “, You woke me up at 6:15am to tell me about an orientation that you could have told me about in a more godly hour of the day?”Noah laughed nervously and rubbed the back of his head. “In my defense, my shift ends in a hour and I would probably be sleeping before you woke up.”Peter groaned a complaint as Noah wrapped his arms around Peter.“Your hugs… so warm… so tired… sleep,” Peter mumbled incoherently. Noah gave him one last squeeze before gently pushing him into the elevator. “I am sending you all the details you need to know for the orientation. Bye Peter, see you later.”Peter gave a careless wave as the elevator closed. “Friday take me up to the communal Avengers living floor.”“Yes, sir.”Peter entered the floor to the smell of bacon and eggs.“Pete! Come eat breakfast!” Steve called. Peter walked over and sat at the table in between Bucky and Nat.“What were you doing up so early, мой паучок?” Nat asked.“One of the Lab Directors wanted to talk to me about an orientation that are going on today.”“Don’t you also have Lab Director duty tonight? Isn’t that a bit much, Petey?” Bucky asked and raised an eyebrow.Peter shrugged in response. “I’ll manage it.”Bucky rolled his eyes. “Whatever you say, мой паучок. Я люблю тебя.” He planted a kiss on Peter’s forehead and walked away.“Love you too, Uncle Bucky.” Peter called after him. “I should probably get to work, love you Auntie Nat.”“Love you too Peter, let me know if you need anything okay?”“I will! Bye!”Once Peter was on Zeta floor 71 he pulled out his laptop and got to work. “Okay Peter, let’s see,” Peter mumbled to himse
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Light Angst
like super light angst
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Noah is a big teddy bear
Peter needs to sleep
Platonic Kissing
bucky is a softie
Avengers Tower
Stark Tower
Domestic Avengers
Intern Peter Parker
Interns & Internships

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

