Work Text:
Harley collapsed into the chair opposite Peter at May’s tiny kitchen table. They shared an uneasy look before glancing back to the smoke in the kitchen, and May, emerging from it with that night’s offering: a half-burnt carbonara.
“Just like my mother used to make,” she announced, setting it on the table.
“Your mother didn’t cook store-bought carbonara,” Peter replied, passing over the serving spoon.
“And your mother didn’t teach you to sass your elders,” she said, rolling her eyes.
Peter snorted, and Harley shook his head. “That was a weak your mom joke.”
May served up Harley’s plate. “I’m not going to your mom joke an orphan, Harley. I have taste.”
Peter coughed out a laugh as Harley cackled opposite him, and soon enough the three of them were eating their dinner, picking around the charred bacon bits.
Harley came over once a week for dinner, but sometimes he’d be over half the nights in the week and May wouldn’t let him leave without some food in him. It had started when Mr Stark and Pepper had gone away for a conference, and Harley admitted that he was planning on a diet of only Cheetos for the weekend. May had invited him to stay in their apartment, Harley had taken Peter’s spare bunk for himself, and the rest was history.
(Peter wouldn’t forget the look of sheer joy on Harley’s face the first time he ever saw Peter’s bunkbed.
“It’s just a bunkbed, dude.”
“Just a bunkbed? Man, Abbie and I always wanted a bunkbed! We were obsessed with getting one as kids.” He’d swung himself up onto the top bunk and grinned at the ceiling. “I’m so gonna fall off this thing.”)
Through burnt carbonara, Peter said, “quiz cards,” and Harley nodded, pulling a set of handmade cards from his hoodie pocket. Peter swallowed and looked to May. “He’s been helping me train for the Decathlon contest next week.” Harley was decidedly not on the Decathlon team, but he was (for a reason no one could discern) in the Decathlon group chat, came to more afterschool meetings than Peter ever showed up for, and even got himself on the list to go to the contests at the school’s expense.
Harley flicked through the cards. “Thomas Edison’s last breath is held in a vial. Where is it?”
Peter pulled a face. “That’s not on the cards.”
“No, it’s just a fun fact I heard today and wanted to tell you. Guess.”
Peter shoved a forkful of pasta into his mouth. “The Smithsonian?”
“Detroit,” May answered.
Harley pointed his fork to May with a smile. “Ding ding ding, point one to May. Keep up, Peter. To be precise, it’s in the Henry Ford museum in Detroit.”
May nodded knowingly. “I heard that on an old episode of QI.”
“Alright.” Harley read the next card. “The year it became illegal to send children via parcel mail.” May snorted. Peter rolled his eyes. “Answer in the form of a question.”
“It’s Decathlon, not Jeopardy.”
“You’re an even bigger nerd than I thought if you think there’s a difference. Answer.”
Peter paused. “What is 1913?”
“Correct. Next: Nazis made this illegal on pain of death.”
May quirked an eyebrow. “There’s a lot they made illegal on pain of death.”
Peter shrugged. “This isn’t on the cards, either.” He glanced at May. “It’s Harley though, so I know the answer. What is apes doing the Heil Hitler salute?”
“Seriously?”
Harley laughed. “That’s two to Parker. Oh! I got another one. Define noodling.”
“Asshole.”
“Peter,” May warned.
“If you knew what noodling is, you’d say the same thing.”
 
*
 
The next day was Decathlon practice (and, yes, Harley was there) and the day after, Harley hacked up a lung in the boy’s bathroom. Peter cringed, leaning against the stall door as Harley retched into the toilet bowl.
“It’s probably food poisoning,” Peter decided, more to himself than to Harley, who was steadfastly ignoring him in favour of vomiting. “Either that or you were cursed by a demonic entity. Maybe it’s karma for eating the last muffin last weekend.”
Harley’s retching stopped for all of four seconds before it started up again. He’d left in a rush half way through English, his eyes going comically wide before running out of the room and into the luckily-close-by bathroom opposite. Peter collected a hall pass before going after him, explaining to his teacher that Harley had been complaining about feeling sick for two hours previous.
“When you’re done, I’ll take you to the nurse’s office,” Peter said after a minute of gross, pained noises. “She’ll send you home.”
There was a cough, then, “Tony and Pepper are upstate today. They won’t be around.”
The door opened, and Peter jumped forward just in time. Harley emerged from the stall looking like six of the nine rings of hell. He drank water from the tap and didn’t meet Peter’s eye until he was done.
“That’s what secondary emergency contacts are for,” Peter said with a shrug. “It’ll be fine.”
“I don’t have a second.”
“Sure, you do.”
“I don’t-”
Peter swung an arm around Harley’s shoulder, leading him out of the bathroom and towards the nurse’s office.
“Peter, no one’s gonna come get me. Let’s go bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker
Harley Keener & May Parker

freeform: 
Sick Fic
Fluff
Jeopardy
may appreciation fic

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker
Harley Keener & May Parker

