Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The sound of stealthy movement alerted the Winter Soldier that he was not alone. He didn't move, didn't look up, didn't so much as change his breathing, but he felt his entire body tense up. The fight he had been looking forward to for so long now was finally here.He continued on with his previous activity, perusing the contents of a shelf as though they held the answers to Life, the Universe, and Everything - and maybe they did, considering that was actually the title of one of the books in front of him - and he waited to see what would happen.He could hear his target breathing.Very few people understood how truly enhanced the Winter Soldier was. The scientists were still trying to learn, to catalog the very limits of his abilities, and he indulged them as patiently as he was able. But whatever had been done to him - by Zola, by Department X, and all the others who'd gotten a finger into that pie - had changed his very nature.The target moved.An ordinary person would have never suspected a thing. An ordinary person would have stood there at the shelf like the dumb sheep he was pretending to be, perusing the books, blissfully unaware of the danger that lurked. But the Winter Soldier was not ordinary. Had perhaps been ordinary once, but not any more, and never again.The target came into range.The Winter Soldier pulled out the gun he'd hidden in his waistband, took aim between the shelves, and fired one shot.The “successful kill” alert sounded, and Clint Barton swore colorfully. Bucky Barnes laughed softly as he tucked his little pistol back into his waistband. “You're an idiot, Barton,” he said, stepping out of the stacks in the little library and smirking at Clint, who was standing three rows away and pushing at the button that reset his laser tag vest. “Did you honestly think you could sneak up on me?”“Yes!” Clint snapped, looking very put out. “As a matter of fact, I did.”“Well, keep trying,” Bucky said, giving him an encouraging pat on the shoulder and a shit-eating grin. “Maybe someday you'll be a real boy.”“Yeah, that's funny coming from you, Pinocchio.”Bucky waved his left arm. “No, I'm the Tin Man.”Clint gave him the finger, holstering his own laser tag gun. “How the hell do you do that, anyway?” Clint asked, mostly genuinely curious and only slightly whiny.“I told you before, pal, I can hear you coming,” Bucky said, shaking his head. “It's not my fault you don't believe me.”“I don't,” Clint argued. “I didn't make any noise at all when I came through there.”“Dude,” Bucky said, in a tone he'd obviously picked up from Darcy. “You were breathing.”
Clint made a sound of disgust. “I do 
not
 believe that you can hear me breathing from across the room.”
“Then you're gonna keep losing,” Bucky replied easily, shrugging. He turned back to the bookshelves. “You're trying to use a skill set you don't possess. I know that Natal - Natasha - has taught you some of the things she knows. That's good; I approve of anyone who wants to... what's the phrase? Up your game?” At Clint's nod, Bucky continued. “You got two problems, though. First, you're not as good at it as she is, and you never will be, because she's been doing it since she was a very tiny child. Second, I taught her a lot of what she knows. Those tricks she's shown you? She got them from me. You cannot beat me at my own game when you just learned it recently and only secondhand.”
There was silence for a long moment as Clint processed this and Bucky studied the bookshelf, finally pulling a thick hardbound volume off the shelf. He turned and faced Clint. “What's your specialty, 
Hawkeye
?”
“ISTAR,” Clint replied immediately. “Intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition, and reconnaisance.”“Exactly,” Bucky said. “You're a long-range marksman. That's the main difference between you and me, and also the main reason why you and Natasha worked so well together as Strike Team Delta. The skill sets are complementary. You do the long range stuff. Me and her, we're trained - and well trained, for a long time - on the close-in stuff. That's not to say I can't give you a run for your money on a sniper course; I was a marksman with the Commandos long before Zola got his hands on me, and I used those skills for Department X for a long time. But when it comes to makin' people dead, man, I'm multifunctional. I can pop you from a rooftop a block away, or I can wait in your closet with a garrotte. Your skill set is distant, so use it. I guarantee you I ain't gonna hear you breathing from eight hundred feet.”Clint made a face. “It's tough to get that kind of distance when you barely leave the building.”Bucky smirked. “Sounds like an obstacle you're just gonna have to overcome if you wanna get over being four kills behind.”***“The Murder Triplets are at it again,” Tony Stark said, apropos of nothing, when Steve Rogers walked into his lab.“Ramping up on my increasingly desperate requests that we not call them that,” Steve replied. As though Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jemma Simmons

freeform: 
everyone is in this fic okay
freaking everyone
Bucky's still broken
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Clint Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Dogs
Therapy
Service Animals
I need to be stopped
Sometimes I wish I had never told people I was going to write this
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
how does everyone feel about Bucky/Jemma?
I'm asking because of reasons
Canon-Typical Violence
damsels in a small amount of distress but very embarrassed by it

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jemma Simmons

