Chapter 1: Ache
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Chapter 1


Steve

April 5, 2015

  Steve is staring blankly at his computer screen, watching as his cursor blinks robotically at him. He’s been like this for some time now, sitting uselessly at his desk for so long that his coffee has turned cold. The black and white analog clock on his wall keeps ticking away and he knows that time is passing and that he should be doing the paperwork that has begun to pile up on his desk but he can’t find the energy to do so.Because it never stops. It keeps coming onto him like a tidal wave splashing against the shores, trying to drown him on the spot. And it is, slowly but surely, it’s leaving him gasping for air and clawing at his throat.
The problem isn’t 

work

. Work he can do; work is something he 

has 

done for years and it is his only way of escaping everything on the 

inside

.
His work is what keeps him distracted. Or… or at least it had been.
He had been foolish enough to ignore the unscratchable itch that had been slowly getting stronger for the past few months. It had started as a dull ache within his chest cavity, hitting him deep when someone would speak to him or glance in his direction and he would feel a small flutter of 

maybe this is it, maybe they’re the one-- 

but then he would 

see 

them and they were never right. Never.

He had tried his best to ignore the feelings within himself, but no matter how hard he tried to push them away, they were always 

there

, nagging at the back of his skull and whispering in his ears. And 

now

... now it’s all he could think about-- the empty space at his side plaguing him because he knew it’s where someone belonged; someone special, someone 

right

.
Steve sighed to himself and frowned as the sound bounced off the empty white walls of his office. The clock kept ticking away without any consideration towards him, a cruel reminder that time was simply running out and didn’t give a damn how he was feeling. He let his gaze drop to his desk and eyed the sole picture frame of him and his ma when he was a child. Her smile was bright and she looked so happy with her arms around Steve’s small body and-- and he could never make himself look for too long because he knew what pain awaited her. Despite her smiling figure in the picture, Sarah Rogers would pass only three months after he turned twenty two and she would suffer from an excruciating form of cancer that would devour her alive and leave her so frail and weak that she couldn’t get out of her bed for the last six months of her life. So no, Steve could never look for too long.He bypasses the frame and glances over the monitor and keyboard, disregards the stack of files that need his signature and the random paperweight that he can’t remember who gifted it to him. He thinks it was probably Sam or maybe Peggy, or perhaps even Sharon, but he can’t entirely remember and he doesn’t care enough to wrack his brain for it because it isn’t important.But other than that, his desk is clean. Impersonal. Nothing holding the slightest importance that drives him forward. He has seen Sam’s desk with his handful of pictures of him and Riley-- their wedding, various vacation spot, backyard bbq’s-- and how they always look so happy to be with each other. He knows that his own office is a pitiful thing to see in comparison to the others but its not like he has things that he could put up even if he wanted to.
Because unlike Sam, and Peggy, and probably every other person on the planet, Steve has no one. He can’t take pictures with meaning because there is no one there to take them with. He can’t decorate his office with personal objects given as gifts because no one important has given him any. It’s a hard reality to face but he’s been fighting against it since before his ma died and not once has the pain from it gone away. He 

hates 

it.  
So. Damn. Much.Steve closes his eyes as his pager suddenly vibrates to life. It’s loud and almost makes him flinch at the sudden intrusion. But he doesn’t because he’s become numb to everything after so long. The intrusion is almost welcomed because at least it gets him the chance to escape his headspace, even if only for a few minutes.Steve heaves himself silently from his chair and walks to the door of his office. Afterall, he has a job to do.
Technically Steve is done for the day as soon as four thirty passes but he always pretends to stay after hours in order to get caught up on his work. It isn’t unusual to see him still in his office at eight in the evening and apart from Sam occasionally telling him to 

go out and have some fun

, the other workers turn a blind eye and just like to consider him a devoted work-a-holic. Which is a cruel form of irony if he would have any say of his own. 
Steve never bothers to correct them.
He works four days a week and always has Friday through Sunday off, so it’s nothing incredibly stressfu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Dark Steve
kidnapped Bucky
Isolation
Violence
Locked In
Stockholm Syndrome
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Forced Medication
Manipulation
Possessive Steve Rogers
Obsessive Steve Rogers
Age Difference
Doctor Steve Rogers
Writer Bucky Barnes
Dark Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
Mental Breakdown
needy bucky
Questionable Sex Content
Horror
Psychological Horror
Kidnapping

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

