Chapter 1: Asleep
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark, playboy billionaire, inventor, genius,  and so many other things, was definitely not a medical expert. Sitting next to the bed of an unruly spider-teen wasn't how he had planned his day as he began to wait out what mean-and-green said would be two whole weeks before Peter would be fully awake and operational again. Finding the kid's body on top of a skyscraper, so cold and still, hadn't been very good for his heart, and he supposed it wasn't very good now considering the jolts of fear it sent through his body every time Peter took longer to take a breath than normal. stupid. Peter hadn't told him that the heater in the suit was broken, nor that he couldn't keep himself warm in the cold, nor that he could go into fucking hibernation when he got cold enough.And Shit, the exvengers were coming back that afternoon.Shiiiiiiiiit.
Steve Rogers felt a mixture of feelings, none of them happy, as he rode the elevator to the common room. Being pardoned officially didn't mean that anyone else had forgiven him, much less Tony Stark. The guy wasn't exactly friendly when they had discussed their moving back to the tower, but they had decided it was best. They were finishing up the meeting with a glare from Stark when he got a notification from someone and his face drained of color. What in gosh's name could make him so... worried? Steve had seen many types of scared, of fear and revulsion, and he could swear he recognized the type of fear only present on the face of a worried parent.Tony Stark was Not a father. He was irresponsible and held no remorse for others, he was self centered and bullheaded. Steve shook the thoughts free of his head. Bucky spared him a worried glance as the elevator dinged open, and they stepped out into a surprisingly normal looking living room. The fabric of the couches was a deep brown, and there was a hammock strung across one corner of the ceiling somehow, the shape of a book resting heavily on the bottom of the fabric. How was anybody supposed to reach that? In the middle of one of the couches sat their gracious host, looking at each of them in turnz a dangerous glint in his eyes briefly gave away how pi- angry he was at Steve when it came his turn to be assessed. "Ah, Capsicle, and co. Enjoy your little vacation?" The smile on his face was very realistic except for the coldness in his eyes. His legs were crossed, as well as his arms, a smile playing across his lips like he enjoyed this."We're glad to be back, Tony.""That's Stark to you, Captain." The fake pleasantness dropped for a moment but he picked it back up quickly "I'm here to tell you guys the rules. You each get a floor like before, but you aren't allowed on floor 81, or on my floor, 82. My lab is also restricted. This floor is the common floor so you can all use it. Expect Thor to come by sometime, and In two days the king of wakanda and princess Shuri are arriving so try not to fuck it up even more.""Thanks for letting us stay, Stark, we appreciate it." Steve looked to his left foot like it was the most interesting thing in the world, which it wasn't,  but it was better to look at the worn boots than to aggravate their host even more.A voice chimed in from the ceiling, "Dr.Banner is requesting to see you,  sir.""Thanks Fri. Well, I have stuff to do so get yourselves settled." Tony stood up and stalked away down a side hallway. Steve and the rest of the team walked past, and he dared to glance over, spotting Tony speaking hurriedly to Bruce. He realized he was staring when Bucky nudged him."What's up?""Nothing. I"m wondering why Bruce Banner is here," Steve said, shaking his head slightly. They each made their ways to separate floors, Bucky and Steve sharing one for obvious reasons, and they set to work unpacking.Why was floor 81 off limits?


 
 Bruce went over the medical charts once again for Tony. He sighed at his worried face, stating yet another time that Peter would be okay. Hibernation was temporary,  and while spiders didn't go through its they went in a state very much like it when they got too cold. The boy would wake up in two weeks, they had to bring him out of hibernation slowly, so his body could get used to the adjusted temperatures. They stood over him now, a bracelet sent by Wakanda as a token of their goodwill taking his vitals was on his wrist, and he lay curled slightly on the middle of gently heated blankets and comforters while they warmed him up. It had been nearly a week since they had brought him in, and it had taken them two days to create a treatment plan for him. The first days had been slow but now his real recovery could begin. He had been so cold, and his heartbeat was so slow even now. The shallow breaths he took were far apart, but still better than when Tony had brought him in, frantic with fear.Peter looked so peaceful despite the fact that he hadn't been awake for five day now. Tony ran a hand through his soft curls and the teen curled tighter 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Shuri
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Its pretty much gen - Relationship
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Sassy Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
peter hibernates when it's cold
This is an excuse for me to write sleepy peter
Hurt Tony
Parent Tony Stark
Irondad
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Deaf Clint Barton
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers kinda Fucked Up
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Peter is a Little Shit
Brosises
i dislike writing things
Except i love it
bear with me
I feel the sting of failure
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Meme Lord Shuri (Marvel)
Vine refrences (why isnt this a tag yet)
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
BAMF May Parker (Spider-Man)
May is literally a goddess and you cannot change that fact
teen because of cursing
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
This didnt used to be bashing
But now it kinda is because steve is a jerk
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki is 17 according to tumblr scientists
Thor is 32
I throw canon out the fukkin windows

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Shuri
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Its pretty much gen - Relationship
Loki & Peter Parker

