Chapter 1: All Mine, Forever.
    




Chapter Text
It had been months since the crash. Eddie could remember the exact date after that catastrophe of saving the planet when Venom finally spoke again. He’d been humming. The clock blinked at 4:41. “Just stop your crying, it's a sign of the times…” Harry Style’s voice crooned over the radio, Eddie joining it to distract his mind from wavering to other topics that might make him break. Like the fact that Venom’s gone-he shook his head, voice stumbling for a moment before he continued, ignoring the crack. “Remember everything will be alright. We can meet again somewhere. Somewhere far away from here,” he hissed out the lyrics as he forcefully drove the knife into the tomatoes, trying his best to drive away the thoughts shoving against his skull. It had been difficult, but not like this. He had a feeling that the lyrics weren't helping much. “We don't talk enough, we should open up, before it's all too much. Will we ever learn? We've been here before. It's just what we know,” As Harry belted in the background, Eddie’s knees gave, barely catching himself as sobs suddenly followed. His body shook with enough force that he couldn’t hold the knife in his grip. He let it fall, gasping as tears streamed down his face, grabbing at the counter now covered in tomatoes. It reminded him of a crushed intestine. The numbness was so much worse than the sadness. He wailed, sinking to the floor to clutch at his head, the emptiness of it making the noises from his mouth echo in the void of Venom’s presence. He grabbed at himself, not knowing what to do with the outburst. He’d thought he’d cried this all out already. Why did this hurt so much? He hadn’t been this devastated when Anne broke off their engagement, even when she found Dan. It didn’t register that the radio was turned off, not with Eddie’s blurred vision and his skewed senses. He was so far out that he didn’t truly realise that there was something on the edge of his mind, insistent and growing angrier by the second. It was a burst of impulsive behaviour. Eddie wasn’t truly meaning to follow it through. He leapt for the discarded knife. Instantly, his whole body locked up, hand mid-air while tears still dripped over the unkept beard. Don’t you dare. His eyes widened, mouth dropping open in shock. “Is… is that-?” He couldn’t hope like this. It wasn’t healthy. Oh, Eddie. My Eddie… didn’t know you were hurting the bad. We’ve been one this whole time. We were just too weak to make ourselves known…But we are here now. We are Venom and you are mine. Eddie couldn’t help but start sobbing again.   After that, Venom became a lot peppier. They talked and cooed over Eddie, often manipulating his body if they felt he was close to danger, overprotective in a way that bordered on obsessive. They had realised that Eddie was drowning without them. He had lost himself on the quest to try get better on his own. Venom hadn’t been able to pull him back to the shallows, hell, they had barely been able to sense Eddie’s emotions that he denied himself. But it had all spilt over, finally showing the ocean rather than the perceived kiddie’s pool that Eddie stood in, that he barely battled against. Venom was intent on never letting Eddie stray that close to waves, let alone the shores, ever again. Venom was also intent on never letting Eddie forget they were there and that he belonged to them. That Venom would never let Eddie go. Eddie, you will not go to a club, Venom insisted, that riptide of needinessfor some semblance of touch overpowering both of them. “It isn’t like that, darling,” Oh, how Venom loved the new endearments, “but I can’t be isolated like this. It’s… it’s not healthy.” They curled up in Eddie’s chest, a thought blooming, watered by rage and a dirtier kind of love. It would not let their Eddie be hurt again. “Ven- love, what are you-?” Eddie stuttered as his symbiote,finally, after months of small talk and a few whispers of tendrils, made itself realised. Except there was a change. Venom was drooling an obscene amount and looking upon Eddie like prey, their body massive and clearly made to overshadow its host. “No more, Eddie. We will have you. All of you,” the growl declared, Eddie stumbling backwards as the symbiote strode closer, seeking to press itself into any area that it had not truly explored. “Ah- You're scaring me a little- can w-we talk about this?” He tried to negotiate, his adrenaline spiking as his back hit the wall. Nowhere to run. Not like the host could run from an entity living inside of him but at least it would provide a false sense of autonomy. Eddie seized up as Venom pressed up against him, it's hands dwarfing his own as they easily held his wrists in one palm. “You're being quite forward, can we please fucking talk about this!” He squeaked, his voice catching as slick was languidly spread across his neck and cheek, the end of Venom's tongue flicking at his ear. “No. Riot came too close to you. You became 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Possessive Behavior
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
First Time
Manipulation
Aphrodisiacs
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mind Control
Venom is really overprotective
as in going over the top protective
Mpreg
Somewhat
Angst with a Happy Ending
Suicidal Thoughts
very brief tho
Oviposition

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

