Chapter 1: Oil and Sweat
    


Summary:

Updated to fix typos 3/05/2019





Chapter Text
It had been nearly a year since Phil Coulson rose from the ashes of the Triskelion Incident and became Director of SHIELD. Under his watchful eye (and with the help of an elite team of agents) SHIELD bases, safe houses, labs and sites had been retaken by storm and purged of the double agents hiding within. More people had being hired to fill the gaps HYDRA had left behind and alliances were formed with other spy networks. It was all coming together.
The only exception to this success was the small problem of the Winter Soldier. 
Coulson loathed sending his best soldier out on a year-long search for just one man, but he hadn’t had a say in it. Steve Rogers had made it clear from the get go that he would only support the new SHIELD if he was given time to find the Winter Soldier and bring him home. The bluntness of this statement had made Coulson suspect Rogers was still mad at him for lying about his supposed death on the Helicarrier. Regardless, he had watched Rogers and Wilson leave without argument. Coulson understood the all-encompassing need to save a friend.
So when Rogers turns up one evening with the Winter Soldier in tow, the new Director finds himself both happy for the men yet concerned for their future.
*
It’s been a month since Steve has arrived in New York; three weeks, six days and five hours to be precise. If he had been given a choice, he would be back in DC. New York still held memories that were painful to withstand: Waking up alone in a new century, the battle against Loki, his youth with Bucky, all of it bombards him as he walks the wet sidewalk of his home. He had gone to DC for a reason. Here, everything feels wrong. His old haunts had either been knocked down and replaced with chain stores, or left to rot like fruit in the sun. He hadn’t given himself the pain of visiting his old apartment yet (if it was even still there). That would be saved for a particularly masochistic day.
Steve looks at the ground as he walks. It's amazing how few people recognise him when he simply slumps his shoulders and doesn’t make eye contact. Natasha had told him that there was an art to hiding in plain sight but he hadn’t believed her until recently. Suit or no suit, he was the poster boy of America, a face known to everyone. 
Now he walks the streets of New York alone and without purpose, finding himself worked up about the smallest things. At the moment he was angry at the weather for clearing up. Judging by the puddles on the roads he’d missed the rain by minutes. On a day like today, one month from his homecoming, all Steve wants is the sensation of rain beating down on him. Instead he has to settle for slippery manhole covers and a cab driving too close to the sidewalk and sending a typhoon of water up to meet his ankles. Flurries of disgusted noises come from his fellow pedestrians but Steve keeps quiet. 
He is just passing a bakery, the smell of pastry tempting in the air, when his SHIELD-issued pager goes off. Stepping out of the flow of people and into the doorway of an apartment, Steve fumbles for the device clipped to his pants. He stares at it for a long moment. His heart speeds up. Reaching for his phone, Steve steps back into the crowd and is striding down the street before the second ring.
“Coulson,” answers a calm voice on the other end.
“Where is he?” Steve has no time for niceties.
There is a tired sigh on the other end and the sound of shuffling paper. “Barnes is still in his room and he’s going to stay there until you come to retrieve him. There are going to be rules, Captain Rogers. I’m still not sure that it’s a good idea to relea-”
“He’s going stir crazy in that cell, Sir,” Steve interrupts. “I’m on my way; ETA twenty minutes.”
He hangs up and stashes the phone before breaking into a sprint. Three weeks, six days, five hours and finally Bucky is ready to come home.
*
23 minutes later Steve is in an elevator hurtling down into the earth’s crust. He’s thinking about how long it’s been since he brought Bucky to this hellhole to be assessed and analysed and prodded at. He’s thinking about how Bucky must resent him now for it now. He’s thinking that he did the only thing he could have. 
Despite visiting him every day, only leaving to eat and sleep, Steve has felt like he’d abandoned his best friend to the mercy of SHIELD. He knew they were helping him come to terms with who he was now and helping to break any residual homicidal programming, but he still hated it. Coulson had mentioned one day nearly a week after their arrival that tests showed Bucky’s arm appeared to be attached to his spine and Steve had almost broken a desk when he’d discovered that Bucky was still being treated like a lab rat even now. It had been made clear to him that he and Bucky had no choice, either SHIELD 'helped' him or they'd turn him over to a fearful and vengeance-motivated American government. Whether the threats were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
referenced Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Fluff
bubble baths
Memory Loss
references to past torture
Bucky is healing
Masturbation
Flashbacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
referenced Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

