Work Text:



I. light up on the silver screen, and not at all a manIt happens at the Smithsonian, of course. That’s where all the fossils are.Steve goes to the exhibit after he leaves the hospital. He was prepared for it to be bad from the phone call, and it was. Bucky's still out there alone somewhere, Steve had to put the search on hold to come back, but right now Steve really needs to see pictures of Peggy Carter smirking in her uniform and red lipstick: he knows it's red, and it feels like a secret. The blurry gray photographs are crisper than her memories of him. For him, of course, this all happened yesterday.  He's not sure who he will be if – when – she forgets him. Who he'll be when she's finally gone.So Steve hides in the screening room and lets the flickering footage wash over him. The documentary's about twenty minutes long, and Peggy's in a lot of it, older than in any of his memories. He likes watching her talk, seeing her keen and sharp. "Even after he died," Peggy says finally, with a wry little smile, "he was still changing my life."  Steve shuts his eyes, the words jangling around in his head. He knows just how she feels.He sits through the film two more times, slouching down and trying to seem inconspicuous, ducking under his cap when people come in and leave: three teenaged boys, two beleaguered moms with their children, an elderly couple wearing windbreakers and good walking shoes. The old people seem happy, and Steve turns to watch them go – and then realizes that the room has another occupant. So still. Barely a shadow against the wall. His heart pounds. He turns back to the screen: the film is ending, starting again. "Captain America," the booming voiceover begins, “the first Avenger, a symbol of hope and freedom for all Americans, began life as Brooklyn-born Steven Rogers," and Steve uses the entrance of four teenaged girls as cover to steal another quick glance over his shoulder.It's Bucky, all right, sitting motionless in a dark gray hoodie, pale face turned up, expressionless, to the screen.  He's so rapt that Steve, now watching the film for the fourth time, turns to see what he's looking at. It's archival footage of Brooklyn, or mostly, anyway – Steve's pretty sure he caught a glimpse of the Loews Valencia movie palace, which is in Queens, or used to be anyway.  He looks back again and sees that Bucky’s totally fixated, staring hungrily, and the phrase comes to him, suddenly real: he’s feasting his eyes. Now they start with pictures of Fort Leigh and of Steve himself, 98 pounds soaking wet before the serum, and Steve stares at his hands and tries to think what to do. He’s all too aware of the murmur of people outside the screening room: the building is full of civilians, not even to mention priceless artifacts. People keep drifting in and out: right now there are a couple of young guys up in front and three older women off the aisle. He could maybe text security, or step out and quietly start an evacuation. He thinks about damage control and hates himself for thinking about it. On the screen, the war rages on. He loses Bucky. Peggy's losing him. History repeats.As if to make things calculably worse, an entire middle school class shows up just as the credits roll: at least twenty-five of them, shepherded by three teachers, who shush them and direct them to fill up four long benches. Steve’s in the way, so he stands to give up his seat, trying not to be noticed. He uses the cover of the milling students to take another, longer, look at Bucky. Bucky's still fixated on the movie. His hood is up, but in the reflected light of the screen Steve can see that he’s got a scruff of dark beard and purple hollows under his eyes.Steve slips to the back of the theatre and sits at the other end of Bucky's bench, the last in the theatre.  The middle school kids finally settle down at the boom of, “Captain America, the first Avenger,” or at least as much as kids ever settle down. They’re squirmy, whispering, pointing and laughing at his star-spangled outfit. Bucky doesn’t even seem to notice that they’re there, so maybe he wouldn’t actually notice an evac—His hand literally goes up to cover his eyes. He pleads confusion. He pleads grief, he pleads overwhelming emotion. He could take all the super serum in the world and he would still be a dumb kid from Brooklyn. Hang it, Bucky’s been a high-level intelligence operative for seventy years: he’s already taken in the kids and he's seen that one of the teachers walks like an ex-cop and that the woman in the front row has a handbag big enough to conceal a revolver and a couple of grenades, presuming she could get them past security. Bucky Barnes is not gonna miss the fact that Captain America is sitting front and center at the Captain America show, and if Steve thinks so, he’s a bigger fool than even Tony Stark thinks he is.So he gets up and walks to the end of the bench and sits down. Bucky doesn’t react, doesn’t acknowledge him or so much as flick h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Find Bucky
Romance
Drama
Angst
Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

