Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text
It was a quiet day at the bureau. Steve sat there in his old chair, his feet kicked up on the metal desk and his blue eyes focused on the ventilator above his head. As the clock ticked away second after second, he counted the times the blades circled in one minute. Meanwhile, he was munching on peanut M & M’s.“Steve!”The sharp voice of his superior echoed over the noise of keyboards and the rustling of paper that filled the large space. Steve glared at the entrance of his boss’ office, raising an eyebrow in question.“Yeah?” he replied, as loudly as the other.“We’ve got your regular downstairs.”A few of his colleagues chuckled in amusement, earning an angry glare from Rogers as he hoisted himself out of his chair.“For the love of God,” he muttered, throwing his bag of M & M’s on his desk before straightening his shirt, “What did he do this time?”“Shoplifting.”Another muffled laugh from the other men. Especially Sam seemed to enjoy the fact Steve wasn’t granted an easy day. As he passed by his friend, Rogers slapped the back of the other man’s head and glared down at him.Unlike his colleagues, Steve wasn’t too lazy to take the stairs, hopping off three steps at a time as he made his way down. With his feet landing on the ground level, he huffed and headed towards the reception desk. The lady behind it, Sharon something, pointed at one of the interrogation rooms across the hall when she saw him coming. This was getting ridiculous.Slamming the door, Steve glanced at the young man behind the steel table, his handcuffed hands neatly on the cold surface.“Shoplifting? Really, Bucky? Is that the best you can come up with anymore?”Two bright blue irises focused on Steve. Slowly, a grin tugged at the other’s full lips. The prick actually enjoyed turning Steve into a department-wide joke. By now, everyone knew there was this one little punk who just kept coming back for this one officer.Steve had started suspecting Bucky was getting caught on purpose a few weeks ago. Now, his suspicions had been confirmed. Sinking down onto the chair on the other side of the table, the man shook his head.“You’re going to end up in jail if you keep going like this. The joke ends somewhere and trust me, you would not do well in jail.”Bucky shrugged, clearly not impressed by the possible consequences he was facing. He’d done everything by now: shoplifting, bar fights, vandalism, joyriding,… His criminal record was miles long. One day, the DA would stop laughing at the petty crimes he pulled. That was the day Steve feared. Bucky was not the kind of criminal that should land his ass in jail.With an exasperated sigh, Steve leaned back on his chair, his gaze still fixed on the man across the table. How he would ever get through to this man, he just didn’t know. The guy just looked at him, that eternal smug grin plastered on his face.“Come on, Steve – ““It’s Sergeant Rogers to you and you know that.”“Whatever.”Bucky raised his cuffed hands into the air and glanced away from him with a sigh. Sometimes, Steve just really wanted to strangle this guy. Then again, he knew he couldn’t. For some inexplicable reason, he’d protected him since the first time they’d caught him bashing in some drunk guy’s face over a girl. They’d dragged him off, put him in a cell for the night and let him off with a warning. Since then, Bucky had gathered a whole lot of warnings.“Look, I can get you off with another warning this time but for the love of all things good, try not to get arrested again. You’d be saving me and yourself a whole lot of trouble.”Steve leaned forward to open Bucky’s handcuffs, freeing him from the cold steel around his wrists. The other groaned for a moment, pulling back his hands quickly and rising to his feet before Steve.Tucking the cuffs into his back pocket, Steve opened the door for Bucky and followed him out. Behind the reception, Sharon cast up an amused glance when she saw the two men appear again, sticking out the required forms to them. Steve signed the release form, Bucky got his valuables back and that was that.Until the young man turned his back towards Steve and headed for the door. In the back of Bucky’s neck, a large bruise in the shape of a hand was clearly visible. There where fingers had dug deep into his flesh, the bruises were darker and there were even small cuts from fingernails that had scratched his skin.Steve’s stomach turned at the sight and his hand instinctively reached for Bucky’s wrist. The other man turned around, confused and perhaps even slightly scared. From behind the bullet proof glass, Sharon frowned as she watched the scene before her. Quickly, Steve pulled Bucky back into the interrogation room and closed the door.“What? I thought we were finished here,” the other questioned with a frown.“The bruise in your neck,” Steve breathed, not entirely sure why he had such a bad feeling about this, “That’s not from a fight.”For just a split second, Bucky’s arrogance broke and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Forced Prostitution
Physical Abuse
References to Drugs
mentions of abuse
Steve is a cop
Bucky is a criminal/hooker
I'm probably forgetting a shitload here
Forgive Me
Sexual Violence
Sexual Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Self-Harm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

