Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"He's a child."He feels dumb for not figuring it out sooner. It's been nearly a month since the interdimensional science doo-hicky that shook Brooklyn's foundations, nearly a month since Peter Parker died and a new Spider-Man appeared to take his place, and nearly a month since Jefferson met that new superhero in person.And it's only now, sitting on the sofa with his wife watching the evening news, that he's put the pieces together.Rio hums quietly, giving him a curious look, and Jefferson elaborates. "Spider-Man— the new Spider-Man, he's just— he's tiny, Rio, how did I not notice that before?""Maybe he's just short," Rio says, looking back at the report on the latest villainy Spider-Man has thwarted."It's not just that," Jefferson says. "He acts like one— lord, how did I not see it? He thinks deepening his voice actually disguises it. He hugged me, Rio!"Rio gives him an amused grin, which is not helping. "Well, what are you going to do about it?"Jefferson groans, slumping back in the sofa and putting a hand over his eyes. "...Well," he sighs, "I guess I'd better stop him from getting himself killed." 
 Miles isn't sure, but he thinks his dad's been showing up to a lot more supervillain attacks in the past week or so. It is, to put it bluntly, kinda stressful.For one, that's his dad getting a dozen more opportunities to recognize something about him and blow his cover wide open. He's done his best to keep his distance, as much as Dad tries to catch him whenever the fighting's over— but he can't help but worry he'll slip up.For another, that's his dad getting involved in life threatening situations! He could get hurt, and Miles couldn't deal with that. Not again.(The idea that that's the kind of concern leading his father into the fray in the first place doesn't even cross his mind. Why would Dad ever think Spider-Man needs protecting?)In the end, it feels like he's being torn in half by the warring desires to avoid getting caught but also keep Dad safe. It comes to a head in this latest fight— which happens to involve a lot of property damage, thanks, supervillains— as he's swinging between buildings, dodging thrown chunks of pavement, and he hears his father yell something.The exact words are lost in the noise, and they don't matter— what matters is they get Miles' attention, and the villain's attention, and it's with a horrible lurch that Miles sees the villain turn and aim their attacks at a much less slippery target.Miles doesn't think. He's already shooting a web to hit the villain's arm, tug their aim off even just a little bit at the same time as he changes his own direction, swinging down and slamming straight into his father. He bowls over, pavement cracking where he'd stood just a second ago, and Miles doesn't hesitate to drag him back to his feet and pull him behind a wall before the dust settles."Get out of here," he says, barely remembering to disguise his voice, and he turns to return to the fray— but a hand closes around his wrist, pulling him back."You can't go back out there," his father says, sounding— scared? Not scared, something else... "It's dangerous!""It is for you," Miles says, narrowing his eyes. "But I'm Spider-Man. I can handle myself.""You're just a kid," his dad says, and Miles stiffens. "You can't keep doing this! You'll get hurt!"
Not fear. Concern.
"I'm not a kid!" Miles insists, purposefully deepening his voice even further in an attempt to keep his cover.Dad doesn't seem to buy it. "That's the fakest voice I've heard in my life, son."Miles resolves to look up how to properly change his voice as soon as this fight is over. Also as soon as he can get back to the fight. He thinks he can hear the villain looking for them. "I've done it well enough before," he says, twisting his hand free and jumping back to dodge his father's attempt to catch him again. The ground shakes as another chunk of pavement is torn loose from the ground. "Get out of here!"He swings away before he can see what his father does, but he only sees him again after the fight is well and over, so that's enough of a win for him. 
 The next time Jefferson meets Spider-Man, his voice sound a hell of a lot more natural. Still not the greatest, and he keeps slipping in and out of the world's worst accent, but hey. He's a kid. What can he expect?...When did I start thinking of him like that? Jefferson wonders, resting his hands on the steering wheel and staring pensively at the night sky through the windshield. It's been another month since he first had The Revelation, and he's no closer to actually catching and putting an end to this kid's recklessness. Spider-Man wisened up to his tricks far too fast, and at this point it seems like they've settled into a pattern of Jefferson shouting encouragement from the sidelines like everyone else, and Spider-Man staying well out of arms reach whenever the situation is calm enough for catching him to be reasonable.Something swings between a couple 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Miles Morales & Jefferson Davis
Miles Morales & Gwen Stacy
Jefferson Davis & Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Canon-Typical Violence
Identity Reveal
Irony
Originally a Oneshot

fandom: 
Miles Morales & Jefferson Davis
Miles Morales & Gwen Stacy
Jefferson Davis & Gwen Stacy

