Chapter 1: Newspaper
    




Chapter Text
The Curly-Haired Boy In The Paper
“Steve, where’d you get this?” Tony asked, his face a blanket of withheld emotions. He was holding a slightly damp newspaper, a cheap black and white print which Steve used to lay over a table before he sketched with charcoal to avoid messes, none of the articles were worth reading.
 
“Uhm, just the paper recycling bin from one of the conference rooms…” he replied, a little tentatively as he saw the way Tony was looking at one of the blurry, pixelated photographs on the front cover. “You can have it if you want, I was just using it to stop myself from getting black fingerpri –”
 
“Yeah,” Tony choked out, his breaths coming in little pants as he squinted intensely at the front page. “I – I will, I need it,” his finger reached up almost gently, and he brushed it over the page, as if he were grazing a caring knuckle over someone’s cheek. “What year is this from? H – how old is this paper?” Tony’s voice was a whisper, his eyes never strayed from the page, not even flicking up to look at Steve when he asked the question.
 
“I’m uh – I’m not entirely sure,” he rose from his seat, letting his stick of charcoal lie flat on the table as he held out a hand for the paper. “Here, I’ll take a look and see,” he frowned slightly when he noticed the way Tony’s fingers immediately tightened on the pages, the newspaper being pulled slightly closer to his chest, not unlike a gesture of protection.
 
“No, no it’s fine, I can look,” the mechanic corrected hastily, flipping the paper over in his hands until he found the date. “This was printed over two years ago…” he murmured quietly, more to himself than to Steve. “New York Daily News, four New York Plaza; Manhattan…” Tony was muttering to himself quietly, stalking over to the door, the paper still clutched tightly in his hold, his phone being brought up to his ear as he dialled his driver. “Yeah, hey Hap, I need you to take me to this newspaper’s headquarters in Manhattan.” He paused, pulling open the door and readjusting his hold on both the phone and the paper, “no this isn’t another defamation case, it’s serious. Get me there quickly, no detours this time.”
 
----
 
By the time Happy was pulling up and opening the door for Tony, walking him in and watching for lurking paparazzi’s, the sky had begun to streak with thick, pink and vermillion clouds that were dusted with the light of sunset. “Hi, I need to speak with whoever wrote this article two years back,” he held up the paper and the desk attendant read over it, not needing to take it from the billionaire’s hands as she recognised the story.
 
“The child trafficking case, in Queens?” Tony nodded, pointing to the photo on the front page of the story.
 
“I know I don’t have clearance, but it’s really important I get as much information on this case as possible.” He watched as the woman typed something into her computer, dragged her mouse across the desktop a few times and pulled up a new tab. Happy tilted his head to catch a better glance of what exactly was in that picture which his boss seemed so fixated on.
 
When he saw the blurry, slightly pixelated figure standing in the background of the photo, surrounded by other victims, his face dropped minutely. He sighed as he saw the few strands of curly hair and the typically scrawny physique, which most young teens seemed to have.
 
“Tony, is that what this is about?” He saw as his boss clenched his jaw slightly, obviously unnerved by the discouragement he knew was about to come. “You know this is pointless, I know it’s hard, and I sound harsh… but it’s been so long, you need to start acting more realistically. Look, there’s no way tha –”
 
“Alright, I’ll buzz you in, if anyone asks just show them these.” The desk attendant smiled, unaware that she had interrupted, and handed both Tony and Happy a clearance pass, she listed off the general area the case would likely be sorted under and wished them good luck.
 
“Thank you,” Tony said as he walked through the glass door and waited for the hum which told him the second lock had been bypassed for them. He stayed silent as he sifted through filing cabinets, ignoring the way Happy wasn’t helping with much enthusiasm. “Queens child trafficking, major feds bust…” he read aloud, pulling out the large manila folder and resting it on his knee as he flicked through the pages until he found the image he was looking for. He held the original coloured print up next to the greyscale newspaper print version. 
 
Tony could make out a wildly tangled mess of honey-brown curls, matted to a scrunched forehead. He could see the noticeable angle of the jawline tilted toward where a group of men, adorned with police issued handcuffs, were being loaded into the back of a police van. The boy’s hands were being held up, an EMT was removing the white zip-ties from around his wrists, from the looks of things, many of the other children in the picture seemed to be getting their res
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Skip Westcott
Peter Parker & Skip Westcott
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
Poor Peter Parker
Human Trafficking
Foster Care
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Heavy Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Kidnapping
Amnesia
Temporary Amnesia

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Skip Westcott
Peter Parker & Skip Westcott
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

