Work Text:
It is commonly known that fear makes humankind seek comfort, fear makes girls hold tighter on their partner. Fear is an aphrodisiac in some kind. It is the truth as old as time and fortunately, James Buchanan Barnes wasn’t as clueless as everybody thought, of course, his charms after being under Hydra spell dwindled but he knew this holy truth.
Fear makes girls cling to their partner.
And James Buchanan Barnes wanted you as close to him as possible.
He was entirely bewitched by you, he knew it was love at the first sight when he met you at Stark’s lab and as one very smart man once said: “the little things you say and do make him want to be with you”. You were resistant at first. You didn’t want to date anyone from work but after many months and many attempts, you said yes to a date. Bucky loved you with all his heart and he knew he wasn’t indifferent to you.
It was your eighth date. After the restaurant, walking in the park and even museum Bucky wanted to rush things a little. With a Halloween spirit, he convinced you to watch with him ‘The Conjuring’ marathon with a hope you would let him hold you all the time at the cinema. and he wasn’t wrong.
“Jesus Christ I think I won’t be able to sleep tonight” you said as you exited the cinema he only laughed and squeezed your hand tighter
“You know you can count on me, doll?” he didn’t want to imply sex, no by all means but he only wanted to feel your body close to his, to hold you in his arms because he didn’t know where he was standing right now.
He didn’t know if you considered him as your boyfriend or somebody else. He wanted to finally tell everybody that he- James Buchanan Barnes had the most amazing girlfriend he could ask for. For the ‘L’ word, it was too soon and he knew that although he loved you he was only expressing it by his kisses. His cruel method with scaring you worked and he was filled with remorse seeing your watery eyes on a scared face but you were resistant with any declaration and he discovered you only needed a small push.
“I know Bucky and that’s why I l… like you so much” you stood on your tiptoes to kiss him gently on the lips, Bucky smiled against them. You loved him, he was sure of that.
“Walk me home?”
“Sure but you know that Valak has its own movie?” he grinned and you smacked him on the arm.
Walk to your home wasn’t short but it was too quick for his liking. He didn’t want to part and when your door came in the view he squeezed your hand harder. You stood before your door and turned to him.
“Thank you Bucky for a date, it was really scary” he placed his hands on your face and stoke his thumbs on your cheeks. Barnes really, really wanted you to offer him to come inside with you but he only leaned and kissed your forehead humming softly. He moved from your forehead to your nose pecking it and when his lips brushed yours you were both pulled apart when a bin standing by your house fell down.
You shrieked and hid behind Bucky and he somehow managed to stifle his laughter seeing some cat’s bristle fur.
“It’s Valak! Isn’t it?! My god, we’re gonna die!” you muffled your voice in his jacket and Bucky turned around to hug your trembling body. He was shushing you for a couple of minutes saying it wasn’t a demonic nun but a cat and soon you withdrew from him with tears running down your cheeks. Bucky’s heart broke at that moment. It was his fault, he made you watch those movies with him and now you were afraid.
He again cupped your face and his thumbs wiped your hot tears
“You are afraid of horror movies” it was a statement but nevertheless you nodded “Sweetheart I’m so sorry” he hugged you again tightly to his chest and kissed the top of your head “It’s my fault if I only knew”
“Can you stay with me tonight?” you blurted out surprising Bucky “I mean, I don’t want to be alone” he only nodded and you took his hand intertwining your fingers leading him to your front door.
“You want some coffee?” you asked him in a small voice when you both got rid of your jackets and shoes, he nodded standing awkwardly in your living room. You disappeared behind the wall and Bucky could hear clatter like something just broke. He followed you into your kitchen.
You were standing by the counter with your back facing him and he saw your shoulders were tense. Bucky slowly approached you and wrapped his arms around your smaller frame. He placed his chin on your shoulder and you sighed.
“I’m sorry”
“Baby, I should be the one to apologize; I talked you into watching…” he wanted to assure you he was the one responsible for everything but you interrupted him
“Bucky I lied to you” he went silent. Slowly he withdrew from you. You lied about what? About everything? Suddenly all worse scenarios ran through his head including that one with you being a Hydra agent.
“The bin startled me sure but I’m not afraid of horrors. I wanted you to come here with me but I didn’t have any good reason and Sam said…”
“Hold on there” Bucky folded his arms on his chest and tried to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Nipple Licking
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Porn with Feelings
Porn
PORN gifs
NSFW
nsfw gifs
gifs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

