Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Angry beeping wakes him up, the sound of backed-up traffic and irritated drivers. He opens his eyes slowly and squints against the near-blindingly bright sky before he props himself up to a sitting position.
Where is he?
There’s another round of honking that draws his attention, and his gaze flicks towards the sound. A busy street stretches out below him, another road to his right cutting straight through it. The intersection is jammed completely. Yellow cabs glint in the strong sunlight, making him wince. He’s on a roof, for some reason, but when he glances around him he can’t see any doors to get back down. The only thing up here with him is a thin white sheet of some kind.
"Holy shit," he mutters, staggering to his feet. His head is pounding painfully, something in the back of his mind throbbing. His body feels like it's irreversibly bruised, the ache settling into his bones as he moves. His leg twinges, and when he looks down he can see what looks like blood seeping through his jeans. "What the hell?" He’s injured, alone, and on a roof in the middle of an unknown city. He doesn’t know where he is: and that’s when it hits him.
He doesn’t know who he is.
"Shit," he says aloud. Something bad has evidently happened to him, but the explanation evades him. Everything does, in fact. His thoughts are broken, fragmented, and he lets out a groan as his head spins again. He checks his clothing: there are his half-bloodied blue jeans, and then he's wearing a pair of slightly-worn sneakers and a gray T-shirt. With a jolt, he realizes just how cold it is to not be wearing a coat.

Check your pockets.

The idea goes off like a lightbulb in his head and he rifles through his jeans pockets, finding only a pair of keys and a half-smashed phone. He resists the urge to hold his breath as he turns it on. The screen lights up through the spider-webbing cracks, to his relief, and begins to boot. He's greeted with a picture of two kids, both with nerdy T-shirts and wide grins plastered across their faces. They're holding up what looks like a huge model sphere between them, intentionally dented near the top, and pointing. An unlock symbol hovers below the photo, and he hesitantly taps it. A passcode prompt pops up. He swears, typing in 1234 as a first try. 2018, from the phone's set date, is next; it's winter, which explains why he's so cold. Both codes make the phone vibrate unhappily. They're wrong. The screen prompts him to try scanning his fingerprint, but when he looks at the scanner it's cracked to hell and unusable. He furrows his brow, trying to rack his brain for any clues to the code.
Suddenly, there's a click behind him and he spins, heart pounding. Coming out of a side door in the building that he somehow didn't see before is a guy in overalls, presumably a janitor, pulling out a lighter from his pocket. The man's back is to him; he hasn't been noticed yet. He quickly makes his way closer, and the janitor starts lighting a cigarette. He dodges past the guy and into the still-open door.
"Hey -" he hears the janitor shout, but he's already half-tripping and half-sprinting down the stairs. He shoves open the door at the bottom to see a quiet office floor, machines humming around him and idle conversation floating through the air. He pauses, momentarily lost. A blonde woman looks up at him, frowning, and then his eyes land on an elevator to his right and he darts towards it. Thankfully, it's already on this floor, and he jabs the close button and exhales as the door slides shut. It's only a quick ride to the ground floor.
The bottom of the building is a clean-looking reception, all phones ringing and computer screens shining. Several people mill around, some in queues, some behind desks, and others sitting in the lobby chairs. He keeps his head down as he strides out of the elevator and heads straight for the glass doors at the other end, and ignores the hesitant "Sir...?" from one receptionist.
He reaches the doors and steps outside, and immediately there's a wave of noise that almost knocks him over. The honking is louder at street level, and the cars' tires make noise as people yell and chat and walk and it's so loud. He resists the urge to curl up and press his hands against his ears when he sees the receptionist from the office building walk away from her desk, about to confront him. The urge to run nags at him and he starts walking blindly, keeping to the pavement and trying not to cringe at the volume of the city. Someone shoves into him and he flinches away; a guy in a suit bustles past him, talking snappily on the phone. His breathing picks up as someone else mutters something and pushes past, sending him stumbling into the path of another commuter who barges past again. He's caught in the flow of pedestrians, heart rate speeding up, and then he freezes as a door swings open and nearly hits him in the face. He has just enough time to make out the word café on the door before he makes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Brainwashing
Kidnapping
Domestic Avengers
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Whump
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Panic Attacks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mystery
Amnesia
Memory Loss
Hydra Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

