Work Text:


Title: Death's Merchant
Pairing: Tony/Loki or Tony/Stephen
Summary: Left bleeding to death on what once was Titan; Tony drops to his knees and waits.
Tony stared out over the desolated expanse numbly. What else could he feel but numb? Anything else risks chaos and even more bone-tiring agony, no, he's had enough. He's fought enough, picked himself up and started again and again so many times that he could no longer find all the pieces.Betrayal after betrayal… death after death…Some of it was his own fault, caused by his hand or those he had given his trust to and where did that lead him? Here, on this forsaken planet with the ash of someone he loved as a son clinging to his fingers and mixing in with his own blood and drying with the torrid air of Titan.
Who else was left?

Who else was sacrificed?

WHY DIDN'T I DO ENOUGH?
He was tired, so fucking tired."We need to leave; we can track him from Terra." The voice of the woman – Nebula – echoed behind him causing his whole body to stiffen."No," the word was clipped and uttered so softly yet it seemed to echo in the air around them.Nebula halted in her steps, surprise trickling in her mind but she refused to let it show. "We cannot waste time for mourning now; we must find The Milano before nightfall. It has food and you are in need of medicine."Dry acrid laughter escaped from his lips as he turned to face her, noting a blink of surprise in her features before they were back to neutral. He knew what she was seeing, what the world had seen before he was Iron Man.It was a look those left rarely got to see unless well deserved.It was the look of the Merchant of Death."I am tired," He noted his voice just as dry as his laugh, his smile a mocking imitation of his true one; all sharp teeth and dark eyes. "So fucking tired and I am done.""You are quitting? After all, he has done?!" Nebula spits furious, her opinion of the man before her changing rapidly. Coward.Another laugh escaped his lips, this time darker. "No, no. I will not rest until that fucker has been turned to ash and remade, I will not stop till he feels even a fraction of my pain. But I cannot do that as I am a bitter old man who is bleeding internally."With that Tony dropped to his knees and waited, his face tilted to the sky and arms out, waiting.It did not take long until Nebula noticed the shadows shifting, crawling forward towards the human as a languid pace that had her hackles rising as she sensed the threat the moment the shadows began to leap and stretch up and out forming into a cloaked figure that sent an old shiver of fear down her spine."It has been too long since you've called for me my Merchant, you had earned your peace and yet here you are at the end of war once more and ready for my embrace." The cloaked figure whispered and Nebula took three steps back in horror as she realised who the figure before her was. "But I feel the suffering you have gone through, feel the hate that resides within you and the rage that fuels you… What can I do for you my Chosen?"Tony snapped his eyes open and stared at his Mistress with hard burning eyes. "There are many things that I want Mistress, many things I wish I could go back and change, end the suffering of those I love and fix all the mistakes but I cannot. So I wish for a final peace, no more agony, no more pain and betrayal. I failed you, Mistress."Lady Death watched as the fire simmered and finally died out in her Merchant's eyes, a fire that had never been extinguished before no matter the agony, the circumstances and it was what drew him to her.It began as a small child; he was no older than five when he first met her embrace. He was burning bright like a supernova in the darkness of night and on the fringes of her Domain but what caught her attention was his willingness for it. A child so young, one who was old enough to crave life and the beauty of it shouldn't have readily accepted her embrace or even gladly embrace it wish such relief.It was almost cruel to send him back but she had to, a soul like his couldn't be extinguished yet.
"Why? Why cannot I stay here with you?" He asked with dark eyes that seemed to see right into her very essence, even with her true face he never once balked or looked away.

"Because little one, you will be needed and I cannot let a soul like yours embrace me yet." She replied seeing the twisted strands of his fates. She could see that he would change this realm and the realm of many others just she didn't know how.

The little boy sighed and slumped his shoulders but Death watched as something flickered across his face and he was peering up at her with such intensity she knew his mind was changed. "Mia Madre needs me though."

Death nodded and held out her hand. "Until the next we meet, little one."
And it was only in a blink of an eye till she saw him again but this time he was only a few years older and angry, oh so angry and reeked of death."That bastards killed my mother, drunk off his ass like he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
or - Relationship
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Nebula & Tony Stark
Death (Marvel) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Fix-It
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Not Wanda Friendly
More tags to be added at a later date
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
Tony has the soul stone

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
or - Relationship
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Nebula & Tony Stark
Death (Marvel) & Tony Stark

