Work Text:
Loki didn’t understand, at first, what had happened. One moment he’d been on the Statesman, too acutely aware of every breath he was taking, half-certain each would be his last - but no, not until Thanos had the Tesseract. Then - then. Their one chance - the Hulk - was losing his fight. There was probably no way to get both himself and Thor out of here alive. So if it came down to it - he was just going to have to make sure it was Thor. Except then the Bifrost had swept him off his feet and into space, dragging him away.“Thor!” He screamed, fighting it, but the Bifrost tore the words away from him. He wasn’t alone, either; he could see the Hulk, ahead of him. What was Heimdall thinking, what did he think he was doing--It was Bruce Banner who broke his fall. Loki was on his feet before he could push Loki off, scrambling out of the hole the Bifrost had left.“Heimdall!” He shouted. He could feel the Tesseract thrumming where it was hidden, but - useless. He didn’t know where he should be going. Where in space to open a portal. “Open the portal!”They’d smashed through the roof of someone’s house, Loki registered. Where? Didn’t matter. He swore. “Are you listening to me? I know you can hear--”Except - except he’d been wounded. Except Thanos had just seen his prize vanish from within his grasp, except.
No no no no. 
He felt magic behind him, vaguely familiar. “Loki,” someone said. “What are you doing here?”The overweening sorcerer. Trying to snare him, no you don’t, I don’t have time for you.“Get off me,” Loki snarled, whirling. The sorcerer’s magic melted away in the face of Loki’s own; he didn’t waste time with knives. He used raw force instead, sending the man flying, and shouted, “Heimdall! Bring me back!” Nothing. Nothing, and Thor wasn’t here, and Thanos was there. “Heimdall!” He shouted, louder. “You dragon-fucking bastard, bring me back, right now, Thor-”
Thor needs me. 
“Heimdall!” “Loki,” he heard behind him, and to his surprise it was Banner, crawling out of the hole he’d left - the Hulk had left - in the concrete. “I don’t think-”“Shut up,” Loki snarled at him. “I don’t care what you think. You don’t understand. I need to get back there, Thor needs help-”
I have the Tesseract. If I give him the Tesseract, maybe, maybe he’ll, maybe Thanos will…
“If I can interrupt,” the sorcerer said, from where he’d apparently picked himself up off the ground. “No,” Loki said shortly. “You can’t.” He raised his voice again. “Gatekeeper-” “Loki,” Banner said, and Loki hated the gentleness of his voice. “This is what Thor wanted.” A scream started somewhere in Loki’s head. “What,” he said through his teeth, “is that supposed to mean?” “Calm down,” the sorcerer said. “If you say one more word to me I swear I will bury you in the foundations of this house,” Loki said, and he could hear the desperate vibration in his voice, staring at Banner. “Banner. Bruce.”“We talked about this,” Banner said. He looked shaken, scared, but his eyes stayed on Loki. “After you told us about everything. Well, Thor talked to Heimdall.” “I know,” Loki said flatly. “He told me, they decided that in the event of an attack Valkyrie would take the escape pods and Heimdall would send you to Midgard-” “And you,” Banner said. “Me, and you.”Loki’s stomach plunged. He locked his knees so he didn’t sway. The screaming in his head got louder. Oh no, Thor, he thought, suddenly nauseated. What did you do? “Explain,” he said, and somehow his voice was terribly calm. Banner took a deep breath. “Thor said...he said he’d had watched you die too many times, and he wasn’t going to let it happen again.” Loki’s stomach squeezed viciously. No, he thought. No. You idiot, you had no right--“So Heimdall said that if it was possible...that he’d send you away, too.”He was going to be sick. He was going to faint. He was, quite possibly, just going to die, right here, right now. He’d been ready. He’d been ready, and Thor had to step in and ruin it, had to make the decision alone without asking what Loki wanted. It was never supposed to be me. Thor didn’t have the Tesseract. There was no reason to keep him alive. It was already over. It had been over the moment Heimdall had used the dark energy to send Loki and Bruce away. “Loki,” Bruce said, sounding alarmed. “Breathe.” He couldn’t. He didn’t deserve to. “I’m serious,” Bruce said, more urgently. “Breathe.” “Maybe we should,” the wizard said, somewhere far distant. “I wouldn’t,” Bruce said. There was a hand on his arm abruptly, and Loki stared at it, followed the arm attached to it up to the face. “Blink if you can hear me,” he said. Loki blinked. His head was starting to swim. “Okay,” Bruce said. “Now, um - maybe try just an exhale?” No, Loki thought. I won’t. If I die, Thor survives. That’s the exchange. If I die--The air exploded out of his lungs and rushed back in. He stared at Bruce. “He had no right,” he said, his voice raw. “I’m sorry,” Bruce said, and Loki could have struck him except that he sounded all 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Loki (Marvel) Lives
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Grief/Mourning
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

