Chapter 1: Back Together Again
    




Chapter Text
The light from their flashlights caught on open panels and ripped out wires that turned the ship’s corridors into a high tech cave. “Cannibalized half the ship to keep going,” Rocket murmured, his voice caught between horror and awe.“We knew they were desperate,” Thor said putting a steadying hand on the smaller alien’s shoulder. “My battle during the Time of the Convergence may have torn the space-time here but to jump into a planet’s gravity well…”A shower of sparks erupted from one of the open panels causing them all to duck. “The classic horror vibe is working for me,” Bruce remarked.“If Quill jumps out at me and yells ‘Boo!’ I swear I’m going to fry his ass,” Rocket declared his voice choked.“We don’t know that it was one of the Guardians who crashed your ship here,” Steve cautioned.“Screw you,” Rocket said flatly. “You Terrans have your twenty-four hour stations playing nothing but pictures and ‘Call if you’ve seen this person’. But even if you don’t want to admit it, you all know, after so long-”Steve remembered Bucky and the other dusted at the Battle of Wakanda. He remembered the kitchen table at the Barton farm, still set for dinner, mold growing in the children’s milk glasses.“My people were halfway across the galaxy,” Rocket continued. “If it’s not one of them flying this bucket of bolts- I’ll rip pieces off of whoever stole it until I’ve got my answers.”“The air’s stale,” Bruce cautioned. “Getting worse the further we get from impact point and hole ripped in the hull. We might not find anyone alive.”Rocket didn’t say anything but he bared his teeth at the scientist and Thor gave Bruce a reproachful look.Steve set his shoulder to a thick hatch and forced it open. The stately buildings of the University of Greenwich looked out of place seen through the huge circular starship port. A crumpled form lay slumped against the curved surface. Warily Steve gestured for the others to hold back while he grabbed the man by the shoulder and rolled him onto his back. “Tony!” Steve exclaimed in shock.The long missing Avenger jerked sharply. His sunken eyes snapped open and fixed on Steve, looming over him. Tony scuttled backwards, slamming into the port. As Bruce and Thor crowded forward, Tony’s gaze remained fixed on Steve. His skin was stretched so tight Steve could see Tony’s arteries pulsing under his skin as his heart raced.  He gasped for air.“It’s okay, you made it. You’re safe,” Steve soothed as he gently grasped Tony’s shoulders.Tony jerked his arms up to shield his face. He screamed. Then, like a puppet with its strings cut, Tony collapsed.As Bruce shouldered Steve aside. “Tachycardic, poor skin turgor- This level of dehydration, he needs a hospital now!”“Once Tony wakes up we’ll have the old gang back together again,” Natasha said with a smile that wasn’t a credit to her acting skills.Steve looked around the room and winced.They’d found Clint three days after Tony but he was a silent shadow hidden within his new identity. He hadn’t confirmed that his whole family had turned to dust before his eyes but then… He didn’t really need to say it.Thor, in spite of his dramatic return to Earth, seemed faded. He had told them of Asgard’s destruction and Thanos’ attack on the few surviving refugees. In keeping with his normal MO, Thanos had killed precisely half of the refugees leaving the rest to suffer a slower death as the battle had left their ship incapable of supporting life. Thor had told them of Loki’s doomed attempt on Thanos’ life and of how his brother had given up the Tesseract in exchange for Thor’s life. Thor told them, in a weary voice, that Asgard had been the source of his strength and now he was her sole survivor.Outwardly Bruce seemed the least changed but Steve remembered the Battle of Manhattan and the self-effacing scientist’s confession that he was always angry. He remember the Hulk’s refusal to fight against Thanos on the plains of Wakanda. He remembered that Bruce’s composed exterior meant nothing because the man’s masks were more impenetrable than either Natasha’s or Tony’s and constructed to make him blend into the background. Where Tony and Natasha could make a person forget that the way they presented themselves was a disguise and a deflection, Bruce made you forget he was there at all. Steve reminded himself that, regardless of what Bruce showed, he had no clue what was going on behind the man’s eyes.‘The original Avengers, reunited- Once Tony wakes up,’ Steve thought. ‘The doctors brought him out of the medicated coma days ago, there’s no reason he won’t wake up… Any moment now, Rhodes’ll tell us Tony’s awake… Any moment now.'Steve felt a little ridiculous skulking through the Compound in the dead night like a thief. ‘I’m home,’ he reminded himself. Still he stopped before turning the corner into the medical wing and checked that neither of the nurses were around before hurrying down the hall to Tony’s room.As he came in Steve w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Nebula & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Team Dynamics
Time Travel
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Trailer
Civil War Team Iron Man
Salty
Not A Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Nebula & Tony Stark

