Work Text:

Peter couldn't blame his classmates for their disbelief.  If he were an outsider to his own situation, he'd be suspicious too.  What billionaire slash superhero slash other impossible credibilities would take in a geeky fifteen year old as his personal intern?

 

So as he got berated for it, he felt a little bit understanding.  But he had evidence. Pictures from hanging out in the compound with the Avengers, little inventions tinkered in Mr. Stark’s lab, his badge, his own secret identity.  Despite all this, he bit down the retorts and let them doubt.

 

Ned wanted to explode, “Why don't you tell them?  You have an ID thing, don’t you?”

 

“What's the point?  They'll just think it's fake, Photoshop exists.”  Peter shrugged it off 

 

“But,

 dude!

  Imagine their faces!  What if you showed them your new web shooter combination?  You designed it yourself. In Tony Stark’s lab. In Avengers tower.”

 

“I can’t just show them my Spider-Man stuff!”  He hissed, looking around them in the library. The only other person there was the seventy-year-old librarian who polished her shoes in the water fountain.  She was the least of their worries.

 

“Ugh!  You could totally just beat the shit out of Flash in five seconds, imagine that.”

 

“Dude, that's the total opposite of what a hero would do.  I wouldn't.” 

 

“Yeah,” Ned pushed his Spanish textbook aside, “but food for thought.”

 

Peter laughed, shamelessly allowing himself to imagine using his webs to launch Flash all the way to China.  That'd be fun.

 

The bell rang for their next class.  Gathering their belongings, they made their way to their homeroom.  

 

Once the class got situated (were people still using spitballs as projectiles in this day and age?) their teacher, Mr. Harrington cleared his throat.

 

“Yes, yes, I understand that it’s Monday and everyone’s just itching to proceed with today’s exciting lesson about stoichiometry, but I have exciting news.”

 

That piqued the interest of the classroom, who shifted their positions from facing their friends to looking at the chemistry teacher.  Peter quirked an eyebrow, usually his professor (also his academic decathlon coach) never seemed energetic about anything. Now, he seemed to be bouncing with excitement.  

 

“Do you all remember the pasta fundraiser from two months ago?”  

 

When the class only offered slow blinks, he continued, “Our class raised the most money from sales and won the grand prize!”

 

Recognition fired in the back of Peter’s brain.  Of course their class won. Peter had shown Tony the selection, to which he immediately bought one of everything, then handed it off to the rest of the team, everyone buying multiple items.  After that, Peter showed it to the interns and staff at the tower, racking up a ton of money.

 


“That’s a lot of pasta,”  Peter stated, looking at his log and all the signatures


 


“Who doesn’t love carbs?”  Replied Tony, writing a check for over a thousand dollars


 


“Regina George.”


 


“I’m going to pretend I didn’t just hear that.”


 

“What prize?”  A girl near the back asked.

 

“Hold onto your seats, but we won a trip to Stark Industries, better known as, Avengers Tower!”

 

The class erupted in cheers, everyone was yelling, except Peter, who groaned and flopped his head onto his crossed arms.  How is that great news? Knowing Mr. Stark, he would just try to follow him around the entire time in hopes to embarrass Peter.  Did he know? Obviously, unless the staff organized a class from some school in Queens access to a facility that homes and trains superheroes right under his nose.  Why couldn’t they have won a pizza party or something?

 

He sighed, this wasn’t going to go well.  Ned looked like he was going to pass out from elation, shaking his desk in a frenzy.  Even MJ looked intrigued, and she claimed Tony Stark was nothing but a “publicity seeking privileged white businessman” which completely offended Peter.

 

“Alright, alright, settle down.  Don’t go rubbing it into other classes’ faces, I know I won’t be bragging to my ex-wife!”  He chuckled to himself, the energy in the room ruined by their teacher’s broken love life, “there will be permission slips I need you all to get signed by a parent or guardian, due Friday.  We embark to SI that day, don’t forget.” He handed out the papers to everyone, Peter taking his with numb fingers.

 

The drone of chatter and a lesson he didn’t care for blended together as Peter realized what was going to happen.  Aunt May allowed him to go to the compound every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday (as long as his grades didn’t slip and he stayed safe) which meant that Mr. Stark will probably ask about the field trip.  His only option would be to lie. He felt bad, but being honest with himself, he didn’t feel too guilty.

 

Once class ended, he shuffled to his locker with Ned’s motormouth talking his ear off.  Peter was happy that his best friend was excited but he didn’t share the sam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Team as Family
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Domestic Fluff
Fluff
Crack Treated Seriously
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Field Trip
Mild Language

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

