Work Text:
Steve lets go of his wrist the moment he gets to his feet, but Bucky follows him up like he's been tethered anyway. Already his senses are starting to attune completely to Steve; all day he'd been jumping back and forth between paying too much and too little attention to Steve – completely on purpose, of course.He licks his lips, tip of his tongue curled in the corner of his mouth, and bumps his shoulder against Steve's, glancing at him from the corners of his eyes. Steve's expression remains perfectly placid, friendly even; he nods at one of the park workers as they pass him by, and doesn't acknowledge Bucky at all. Instead of being discouraged Bucky smirks to himself and starts chewing on his lower lip so it'll be swollen and red by the time they get to Steve's bike.Once there, Steve pulls Bucky's helmet out and hands it to him, one eyebrow raised and eyes piercing. Earlier Bucky had thrown a small fit about wearing it but now he just takes it obediently – but not without licking the inside of his cheek while looking up at Steve from between his eyelashes. The corner of his mouth twitches when Steve's eyes stutter across his red lips and he outright smirks when Steve narrows his eyes."Put the helmet on," Steve says, voice soft.Bucky obeys and, while Steve is putting his own on, swings his leg across the motorbike, straddling the machine and leaning back, one hand on his thigh, the other supporting his weight behind him. Steve pretends he isn't looking but Bucky can tell that his eyes linger and he grins, the expression hidden from view by the helmet.As soon as Steve sits down in front of him he slides down the seat, molding himself to Steve's back much closer than strictly necessary. Shivering at the feeling of Steve's strong, warm back he presses his crotch against Steve's ass and squeezes his hips with his thighs for a moment before settling properly. His arms go around Steve's chest and waist, one settling on his belly, the other on his chest, and then he goes still.Steve inhales, then kicks off the machine and starts driving them home. He's gotta know something's coming so Bucky behaves for the first couple of minutes, until he figures Steve is starting to think Bucky is going to be good until they get home.Which is precisely the last thing Bucky plans on doing; teasing Steve is just way too much fun. Slowly, he lets his hand – the metal one that's cool from the wind now – slide down Steve's belly, inch by inch. That Steve's abs feel like they're made of steel is less due to the serum and more because he's tensing up; he knows exactly where this is going. Bucky bites his lower lip and closes his eyes once he gets to Steve's waistband, pausing for a moment before he inches his small finger underneath it, trapped between cloth and skin."Bucky," Steve warns; Bucky can't hear him over the noise but he can feel it vibrating in Steve's chest, more because of his hand than because of how closely he's pressed to Steve's back. Because Steve is wearing that leather jacket, that goddamn leather jacket that he knows very well drives Bucky to distraction and if Steve asks, he's gonna maintain that it's partly to blame for his behavior today. The rest of the blame goes entirely to Steve and how he drives Bucky crazy.If Steve had closed that jacket – he always forgets to – Bucky would sneak his hand underneath it and, hidden from view, slide his hand further into Steve's pants but there are soft lines and hard lines and trying to give Steve a handjob on the bike in plain view of everyone would be crossing a few hard lines too many. He's already pushing it today and he plans to keep pushing, but not that far.Doesn't mean he's gonna behave for the rest of the ride, though. Steve did not close that jacket, after all, and all he's wearing underneath is a soft t-shirt, and Bucky had the forethought to put his flesh hand on Steve's chest so what he can do perfectly is move his hand a little to the left and rub the pad of his index finger over Steve's nipple. It instantly hardens under his touch; cold airflow, who cares, but Bucky's fingers...Steve says something that's a bit longer than Bucky's name. Since he doesn't understand a word, Bucky's gonna pretend Steve said "Don't you dare" and really, Steve should know better than utter such a challenge, especially when Bucky is in this kind of mood. Though thinking back, Steve had actually known better for a while, before he learned that he could make Bucky shut up with his cock. Such a disappointing time that had been, in hindsight.Shivering a little, Bucky licks his lips and rolls his hips. Oh, he's going to get it when they get home; he's thinking about it while rubbing the tip of his finger across Steve's left nipple. Steve's gonna tie him up, he's sure of it – when Bucky behaves he gets to be on top, gets to ride Steve to his heart's content but that's not gonna happen today. Steve is going to tie up his wrists, maybe even his ankles, and maybe he'll fuck Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom/sub Play
Naughtiness
Bottom Bucky
Established Relationship
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Hair-pulling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

