Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When three black SUV’s pull up outside of the lab, Darcy doesn’t really have a reaction except to lift her hands in the air. She is surprised how calm her voice is when she speaks to the agent walking into the building, but she is not surprised by the snarkyness that drips from her words.“I swear to god I purchased every single song legally this time.”Her iPod is still a sore spot for her. It wasn’t returned to her, and her whole iTunes account had been deleted from her computer. She had to build her discography back up again from scratch, and that had cost time and money. The agent smiled at Darcy, and she felt herself going on high alert because agents don’t smile. Like at all. Coulson didn’t even have facial expressions (except annoyed and more annoyed, and that was what she got from his scrunching eyebrows). Darcy was like 99.7% sure they all had the muscles that turn their frowns upside down removed during basic training or super secret agent school or something. She tries to thinks about why SHIELD would be here. Erik was still with them. She feels her shoulders tense and her stomach twist itself into knots. Jane had been gone a week. She had literally just talked to her 30 minutes ago right before she left for work.“Oh god, Jane’s gotten into an accident didn’t she!? You’re here to tell me that she’s dead! Fuck. I told her not to talk and drive! FUCK!”The agent rushes forward and puts a hand on her arm to steady her on her feet. The agent that she fully recognizes as one of Coulson’s protégés. Crap.“Miss Lewis, Dr. Foster is unharmed and is still enroute to her lab in Tromso as we speak.”“What about Erik? Is he okay?”The agent gives her a kind smile. Panic swells in Darcy's chest.“He is completely fine, Miss Lewis.”Darcy takes a deep breath and forces herself to relax. She shakes off the pretty agent’s hand.“They why are you here? No offense, but storming up, guns blazing, isn’t the best way to make an introduction.”She nods toward the muscle out in the parking lot scouting out the perimeter with gun holsters clearly in view and yeah, that one guy had a sniper rifle. The agent gets her meaning and is probably aware of what happened here barely a year ago. The agent smiles again and extends a hand.“I’m Agent Maria Hill. I’m here on Colonel Fury’s behalf.”And just like that, Darcy starts to panic again. Because Fury’s the one you never want to meet. If you're meeting with Fury, you are screwed because somehow or someway you fucked up. That’s what Erik told Darcy the few times he actually got to call them to check up on Jane and her while he was away doing sciencey things for SHIELD. From the look on her face, Agent Hill must know that she understands who Colonel Fury is. She pulls a sleek little laptop from nowhere, opens it, and places it on Darcy’s abandoned desk. She motions for her to sit in the chair. Darcy sinks heavily into it trying hard to figure out what Fury wants with her. Suddenly, he is there in all of his eyepatched and black leathered glory, virtually at least.“Ah, Miss Lewis. I hope we aren’t interrupting anything.”She knows that she should keep her mouth shut. The rational part of her brain is telling her that this dude means business and could probably make her disappear off the face of the earth with a single phone call. But she was just scared out of her mind, and there are agents outside of her home, with guns, and she is not in the mood to cater to the government right now.“Actually, you are.”Fury has the gall to smile at her.“That’s unfortunate.”She smiles right back at him.“It really is.”“This takes priority over your school work, Miss Lewis.”She is about to tell him that he can take his priorities and shove them where the sun doesn’t shine. She isn’t an agent. She isn’t even connected to SHIELD in anyway except SHIELD is funding Jane’s research, and Jane is funding Darcy's bank account. Agent Hill is handing her a folder with photocopies of her research, pictures of her at the observatory and the echo-locations lab at her school, using Jane’s equipment for her research, her in the lab, in the field where they drive miles away from any living human being to get data and chart stars and chase fucking storms, and pictures of her at the 7Eleven down the road....“The fu-”Fury cuts her off.“You have been conducting experiments in Interstellar Sound Localization and Radio Astronomy, and you have been using Dr. Foster’s name and connections established through SHIELD to gain access to sensitive equipment and information to continue on with said research.”Darcy sits ramrod straight in her chair. Because how he’s phrasing it, he makes it sound like she’s stolen Jane’s identity and hacked into secure government resources. He’s fucking playing with her. She feels her blood rise hot in her veins. She has to bite her tongue to keep from cursing him out. Darcy doesn’t like being manipulated or 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Dorks in Love
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Phil Coulson
COULSON LIVES!
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Avengers Family
Marvel Universe
mcu - Freeform
Light-Hearted

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

