Work Text:
Steve wasn't sure exactly what made it click: they were in the back of the plane on their way back from a mission, Bucky sprawled low on the bench with his hair in his face and Natasha reading a paperback for all the world like she was a commuter on the subway on her way home from the office. They weren't sitting next to each other, they weren't even looking at each other, so maybe it was something about the body language, or maybe he noticed Bucky's eyes flick up to meet Natasha's over the top of her book –Steve said before he could think, “Wait, how long have you been...?”After a minute Bucky drawled, “Been?” Both of them were looking at him.“Together,” said Steve, and when Bucky's mouth twitched into a smirk, one of the rare smiles that hadn't changed since the old days and still meant he thought Steve was hilarious, he corrected, “Sleeping. Sleeping together.”Natasha put her book down spine-cracked on an empty seat and said, “Fucking, Steve. You can say fucking.”“Bet you a dollar he can't,” said Bucky, while Steve spluttered.Natasha met Steve's eyes. “Years, Steve,” she said, and before Steve could say that that was impossible – six months ago Bucky hadn't even been – she went on in low, throbbing tones, “We were lovers in the Motherland. We killed for Russia and found our bitter comfort in each other's arms.” Steve stared. “He trained me. In those cold days there was very little that was warm, for me –”“And me,” Bucky said. “Still – even when I didn't know your name, there was you, deadly and beautiful, my Natalia – Natashenka –” he said something in Russian, eyes gone shadowed, and Natasha gave him a smoldering look, and Steve's mouth was hanging open because he'd had no idea that they'd ever – that –“Hang on just a second,” he said.Natasha turned her head, met his eyes, and broke into a peal of laughter.Bucky kept up the dark look in her direction for another few seconds before giving it up and sniggering. “Some super spy you are, breaking character like that. If I'd trained you I'd shoot myself. When were you born, ‘85?”“‘84,” said Natasha.“So she was six when what was left of the Soviet intelligence machine officially sold my refrigerator to Hydra,” Bucky said to Steve. “I bet our tragic assassin love affair would have been one for the ages, though.”“It would have been agonizingly beautiful,” said Natasha. “And extremely Russian. I see us drinking our way steadily towards a pointless death in an ugly flat in Moscow. Occasionally we are sent to murder someone. We feel guilty, but not very. Outside, it is snowing. A thousand miles away, a single good man contemplates the loneliness of the human condition.”Bucky threw his head back and laughed, a proper shout of laughter that Steve had only heard once or twice in the last six months, and not since Brooklyn before that. Steve ducked his head, smiling.“All right, all right,” he said. “Sorry. I shouldn't have said anything. None of my business.”“It can be your business,” said Bucky, settling down, turning a little serious, though there was still a smile tugging around the corners of his mouth. “We're your friends. How long have we been fucking?” He shrugged and looked at Natasha. “Couple of months?”“About that,” she said.“There you go,” said Bucky. “Couple of months.”_They didn't seem serious, Natasha and Bucky, but they did seem to be enjoying themselves. Now that Steve knew about it they didn't bother trying to hide that they burned off the adrenaline after nearly every mission with each other: they would always sit separately – putting the width of the Stark-sponsored plane between them, Bucky usually next to Steve and Natasha opposite – but then they'd give each other long hot looks and the occasional anticipatory smirk for the whole journey, and if Steve didn't avert his eyes he got caught in the crossfire and ended up blushing all over. It was hard not to think about it when both of them were so obviously not thinking about anything else.Steve didn't think Bucky in the old days had been all that experienced – more than Steve, sure, but that wasn't saying much, especially by modern standards. And God only knew what had happened to him or what he remembered doing as the Winter Soldier; thinking about it made Steve feel nauseous. He was fairly sure from what Bucky had let slip that there had been some things, and he didn't think any of it had been pleasant. It was good to see him and Natasha so clearly having a good time, good enough that they both kept going back for more. That kind of casual relationship wasn't something Steve could ever see himself doing, though he'd given it the same honest consideration he tried to give every suggestion the twenty-first century threw at him. But he was glad it made them happy.After a mission where they'd all gotten absolutely soaking wet and Steve had had to punch a shark – punch a shark, Sam was going to laugh and pretend he didn't believe Steve's life again, and Steve honestly couldn't blame him – the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Dubious Consent
Humor
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

