Work Text:
They had only been in Wakanda for a little under two months when they got the message that they could return home again. Steve figured that he should have known that was what would happen, that the world would realise its mistake the moment things began to go wrong and beg them to come home, but even then, he had not thought that it would happen so soon.
T’Challa graciously allowed them to use one of the airplanes that had been in the hangar of the palace to get back to the US where they got picked up at the airport by a black limousine with tinted windows and enough space to fit them all inside without any of them having to sit on one another the way they had been forced to do while fleeing to Wakanda. But the plenty of empty space in the car also stung a bit; neither Scott nor Sam were in the car with them, having opted to instead go home and appear at court. When they had told the rest of the team - having only done so the very morning they were supposed to leave Wakanda, almost like they had chosen the latest moment possible so that they would not have time to change their minds - Steve had wanted to ask them what was wrong, what had changed so much in just two months that they would willingly abandon the rest of the world.
On the other hand, Bucky was also allowed to go back home, and although Steve would never have told Sam and Scott, he couldn’t help but think that if Sam and Scott leaving was the price the universe demanded for Bucky to be able to return back home to the US with Steve, that was a price that Steve would pay without hesitation. Now, all that was left was for Steve to find a way to fix Bucky’s brain and then it would all be well. Of course, he would have preferred for Bucky to travel with the rest of them in the limousine, but no matter how many times he had tried to convince T’Challa that it would be better for Bucky to be in the company of someone he knew, the king had been adamant, constantly referring to how Shuri had deemed that Bucky was still able to pose a threat to both himself and others. Although Steve had wanted to argue against that, informing T’Challa that Steve had already made Bucky snap out of his Winter Soldier-mind-set once and that he could do it again, he knew that T’Challa would not change his decision. He just hoped that Bucky was happy even if he missed out on the welcoming ceremony.
The limousine pulled up at the Compound, and Steve barely heard Natasha whisper for him to remember that they had yet to be officially pardoned and to make sure to get back in everyone’s good graces during the ceremony, before someone opened the car door and he was flooded by the light coming from the cameras, every single one of them snapping pictures of Steve. He tried to smile in every direction as he got out of the car, turning around to wait for the others before they began to head over towards the entrance of the Compound, making sure to stay together to show the world that they were a proper team.
Despite the barriers that had been put up to keep the public and all the journalists from completely swarming them, Steve still had to duck a couple of times as an overly eager journalist tried to simply throw a microphone at him, while yelling for Steve to say something about his return. The look that Natasha sent him was enough for Steve to know that he should stay quiet, so he shot the journalist an apologising smile as he placed the microphone down on the ground.
Somehow they managed to get all the way up to the Compound without serious incidents. The entrance was surrounded by barriers as well, creating a little half circle around the door where the public couldn’t go. Walking around a little platform that had been built in the middle of the half circle with a microphone attached to the front, Steve could feel his heart speed up. They were home. They were finally home.
Making sure to stay together, Steve’s team all made their way closer to the Compound. The rest of the Avengers were waiting in front of the building, glaring at them with a look in their eyes that made Steve feel slightly unsure of what to do as he moments later found himself standing right in front of Tony for the first time in months.
All things considered, Tony looked fine. Yes, the faint dark circles under his eyes were back the way Steve had feared that they would be with Tony all alone without anyone to remind him to take a break from time to time, the smile looked a bit forced, and Steve could see how the billionaire was practically shaking despite the warm weather, but it could have been so much worse.
Behind Tony, the rest of the Avengers were standing, or at least Steve supposed that they were Avengers. Truth to be told, he had no idea who most of them were, but that was to be expected after he, along with Natasha, Clint, and Wanda, had been forced to flee to Wakanda. There had to be at least thirty or so people there, and yet Steve could only recognise the Spider-Boy from the fight at the air
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Sokovia Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man
Implied Relationships
Or Friendship
Bucky friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
But Not From Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

