Work Text:

The Sharper Image
It's like the Stark Expo, but in a mall.  Bucky could spend - and has spent - hours just looking at the gadgets and doo-dads and thingamabobs, disappearing when Steve's trying to get him to buy clothes or luggage or a new computer or whatever other normal things Bucky's supposed to get.Steve always finds him lying in one of the massage chairs, halfway to a power nap.On one such occasion, Bucky hears Steve's resigned sigh, followed by a tired, "Really, Buck?"Bucky doesn't even bother opening his eyes, just reaches one hand out to pat the armrest of the display massage chair next to him.  "C'mon, Steve, live a little."Steve inevitably gives in, and they sit there for a while, letting the chairs do their thing.  Eventually, though, Steve drifts off into what isn't quite a doze but is unguarded enough that he doesn't freak out when he hears Bucky get up from his chair, only opens his eyes in time to see Bucky come back with something that looks like an oversized spindly metal spider with its legs swooping to form an elongated almost-a-sphere.  "Bucky, what in God's name is that?" Steve asks, relaxed enough that he doesn't get out of the chair."It's a scalp massager," says Bucky, and shoves it over Steve's head - well, not so much over as on to, so that the ends of the spindly parts scritch gently against Steve's scalp in a way that makes him go boneless and inarticulate almost immediately."See?" Bucky says.  "Told you this place was amazing.""Mmmmmph," says Steve.
exciting new ways to express oneself
Bucky has always considered himself something of a connoisseur of filthy language.  It came from working on the docks and in the trenches and the seemingly endless supply of foreign-language cusses that Gabe and Frenchie knew between them.Turns out the 21st century has even more."It stands for 'Adios, Mother Fucker, You're On Your Own,'" Sam says with a grin, and Bucky wants to give it a standing ovation.  "AMF-YOYO.""Twatwaffle," Clint says.  "That's my favorite.  Or douchecanoe.""Does Steve swear?" Sam wonders.  "I don't think I've ever heard him - ""Oh, he does," Bucky says.  "You just have to earn it.""Gross," Clint says."No, like - it's gotta be really bad.  He's gotta be really angry," Bucky says.  "It's from when he was a USO showgirl - he was kissing babies and posing with dames, and as much as he hated it, I think he just got in the habit.  Although," he looks around the living room on the Tower, making sure Steve's not in sight, "if you want to know how to get him to really let loose, you just gotta beat him at something.  Card games work real nice.  He's a competitive son of a bitch."Which leads directly to:
video games
Bucky beats Steve and the rest of the team on Rainbow Road four times in a row, and Steve cusses so long and so loud and so detailed that JARVIS steps in and offers to rig the game for him to make sure he'll win next time.Steve blinks, suddenly brought out of it, and says, "Well, thank you, JARVIS, but no.  I want to win honestly."This means that Steve will never win, and the next round they play, Bucky sees Stark taking notes every time Steve explodes.Bucky wins again anyway.
microfiber blankets
Bucky sleeps everywhere.  Being a professional kind-of superhero, kind-of assassin, kind-of bodyguard for Steve (who apparently in seventy years never learned how to avoid getting hit in the face, whether by aliens or Nazis or whoever intends on dominating the Earth today) leaves him a surprising amount of free time, whether he's in the apartment he shares with Steve in Brooklyn or in the Tower to let Stark take yet another look at his arm.And the blankets these days - he would've killed for one of these blankets during the War.  No, really, he might legitimately have killed a man, but only if they were HYDRA.  (Or just Nazis.)They're so soft and cozy, like you remember your first blanket from when you were a child and all you remember is safe and warm and not "scratchy" or "holes everywhere."  They come big, too, big enough to wrap around himself multiple times if he wants to, and sometimes he does.(Once, he does so apparently a little too well before falling asleep on Stark's couch, and Barton sits on his head and claims he mistook the 'Bucky burrito' for a long and pretentiously weird cushion.)Really, the only problem is that some of the blankets rub against each other while he sleeps, and he's woken up more than once accidentally discharging static into his left arm.
modern dancing
Steve expresses active disinterest in modern dancing, but he was never much of a dancer anyway.  He always thought it was about the dame, not the dance itself, but for Bucky it was never about the dame - it was about the physicality, the partnership, anticipating the exact motion that will tell your partner to expect a spin and not a dip.  Well, okay, it was a little about the dames, too.And now there are all these movies on the internet that show all the different ways there are of dan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky vs. the Future
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

