Chapter 1: Clint
    




Chapter Text
Clint, of course, snuck in through the vent. To do this, he had to wait for Steve to leave the penthouse. This only happened because all of the eggs had somehow disappeared from the Tower and if Steve wanted to make his habitual morning omelet, he was going to have to go to the store to get more. So Clint hid in the vent while Steve pressed a kiss to a sleeping Tony’s cheek and told Jarvis he was running to the store and to keep a watch on things. The archer waited for a minute to make sure Steve wasn’t going to reappear for some reason and then slid silently from the vent into the bedroom.The scent in the room, the scent that had been driving him nuts for the last hour, was light and sweet. Sandalwood lay heavy on the tongue, just beginning to turn peppery and rich. In another day or so the scent would deepen and fill the room with a maddening call to every alpha and beta in range. For now, at the beginning of the heat, the scent was enticing but not overwhelming. Still, Clint’s mouth watered in response and he shucked the shorts and t-shirt he was wearing as he hurried toward the bed.Tony was lying on his side, curled up in the sheets and deeply asleep. A light flush stained his cheeks but his breathing was even and soft. Clint grabbed the sheet and gently tugged it down, a grin blooming as Tony’s body was revealed. He wasn’t wearing any nightclothes. The olive skin was soft and molded over lean muscle. “Oh yeah, baby,” Clint muttered approvingly, climbing onto the bed. He threw a leg over Tony to straddle his hips and leaned down to softly kiss his shoulder. Clint kissed down Tony’s arm and then moved to bury his nose behind the dark haired man’s ear. The omega’s heat scent filled his nose, alluring with pheromones, and Clint’s eyes practically rolled up into his head. He licked at the sensitive gland and Tony gave a little hum, sleepy brown eyes fluttering open.Tony tensed in surprise. Clint shhhed him, lifting his hand up to curl around the brunette’s neck. “Hey, hey. None of that,” he soothed, pressing light kisses to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “It’s just your good buddy Hawkeye.”Tony relaxed, eyes focusing on him. “Do you have a death wish?” Tony muttered as Clint nudged him onto his back. “Steve will beat you black and blue during your next spar.” Clint licked behind his ear again and ran his hands along Tony’s sides. The omega’s breathing hitched. “So incredibly worth it,” the archer muttered. Tony rolled his eyes and tilted his head to give Clint better access. Clint kissed and licked down Tony’s throat, pausing to nibble along his collarbones. Tony moaned and when Clint grabbed his thighs, the brunette allowed him to part his legs. Clint settled between them with his cock already hard and standing at attention. Tony threaded his fingers through his short blond hair and the bond between them opened, throwing off sparks in their minds like a firework.The archer kissed over Tony’s chest and sucked at his nipples, playing with the nubs while Tony made little sounds of pleasure in his throat above him. He licked the sensitive skin around the arc reactor carefully. Tony stroked across Clint’s strong shoulders and down his arms. He whined when Clint pulled him close, hitching the dark haired man’s hips up into his lap. Clint wiggled his fingers back and skimmed them over Tony’s entrance. The tiny bud was wet and hot. It relaxed as Clint pressed a finger in, crooking it up and searching for Tony’s prostate. Tony gasped and clawed at Clint’s shoulders with blunt fingernails as the beta found the tiny mound of nerves inside. Clint grinned in triumph and swept his other hand down over Tony’s belly and grabbed the omega’s cock, pumping lightly.The heat scent became stronger and richer the more aroused Tony became, making Clint’s head spin and his heart pound. Tony’s cock hardened under Clint’s touch. The blond leaned up and began licking and biting mercilessly at the gland behind Tony’s ear, trying to get the dark haired man more excited. This was only the beginning of Tony’s heat and his body’s responses had to be encouraged. Clint slipped another finger inside his ass and rubbed hard at his prostate, grinning when a rush of slick spilt over his hand. Tony moaned and bucked his hips, grabbing at Clint’s shoulders and hair. His cheeks were flushed and his eyes wild and dilated. “Clint, come on!” Tony whined.“Yeah, there we go. That’s the ticket,” Clint praised breathlessly. He glanced at the clock, knowing he only had a short window before Steve came back. Clint let go of the brunette’s cock and pulled his fingers out of him. He grabbed the omega’s hips and shifted, pressing forward. Tony moaned loudly as Clint penetrated him, his cock sinking deeply inside his slick heat. “That’s perfect,” muttered Clint. “Yeah, right there.” He slid his palms down Tony’s legs and hitched them up around his waist before slowly pulling his cock out and then snapping his hips forward.Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Everybody/Tony Stark
Team/Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
omega!Tony
alpha!everybody else
Dubious Consent
but only because of heat
Sex
and a lot of it
Rimming
blowjob
handjob
female with penis
Bathing/Washing
Tony is completely willing
Porn
family pack bonds
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mate bonds

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

