Chapter 1: Hello There Stranger
    




Chapter Text
7:15 am. Stark Towers residential suites. D. Lewis: apt 1002 Grunting, stretching, clawing through layers of blankets. That’s how Darcy woke up; painfully aware that she’d slept on her stomach, breasts smooshed under her weight. Her apartment was wonderfully frigid and she stayed cocooned inside her little igloo of comforters longer than she should have, but that didn’t matter. She was only going in to finish off the check list Jane needed for her vacation in the sky, as Darcy liked to put it.Then it was her turn to take a brake from all the grunt work and unpacking and general scientist wrangling.Said scientist, the lucky jerk, was going to Asgaurd with her model/god for some big secret festival. Thor had been pretty tight lipped about the whole thing which was weird but she didn't think too much about it out of sheer jealousy.Darcy sighed dramatically, wondering when she was going to get in on some hunky, medieval action.She snorted dryly, hauling herself out of bed and tossing her lack-of-man blues aside. She was in New-freaking-York, working for Iron-freaking-Man, rubbing metaphorical shoulders with The-freaking-Avengers. But the best part about her very new, and very well paying job?The travel time.8:05 am. Ten floors down.Darcy waltzed into work in her pajama’s, hair tied up in a messy black bun, and her favorite tattered slippers. She waved to the only other employee there, a rather silent, brooding looking man with a serious demeanor. But she smiled brightly anyway, and while he politely nodded, he quickly went back to his work, nearly face planting into the computer.Yesh. These science people.Shaking her head softly, Darcy started for her desk. The one she asked to be specifically facing the glorious window. The view from Stark tower was the nuts! You could literally see all of Manhattan. Buildings shooting up through the earth in magnificent architectural beauty. It made her itch to cruise around, explore. Maybe find herself a New York date.She looked around the room, feeling strangely put out by all the metal and blinking lights. Without Jane, this place just seemed… medicinal. Clinical. Kinda lame.So she opted to do her work in the kitchens/lounge; her second favorite spot in the luxurious towers. Grabbing her papers and her little notebook for doodling, Darcy headed to the private eating place that she was positive no one ever used as it was always empty. She smiled devilishly, hoping to finally use that fancy coffee maker she saw last time she snuck in there.8:15 am. 15 floors up.Normally one would need a special key card to get into the fancy kitchen area, which she assumed was Starks personal one. But really, she just couldn’t see the dude whipping up an omelet. He’d order one. Right?Your average employee would just assume it was off limits. Well, she wasn’t the type to settle for such labels like "clearance needed" or "security personnel only".Darcy had skillfully lifted (thanks pick pocketing ex-boyfriend for the lessons) Coulson’s fancy black card a few weeks back knowing that it got him places faster. That little IPod thief had it coming. She could get almost anywhere that didn’t need a finger or face scanner. This room included.She sauntered in, flipping on the lights. This is why she loved it here. To her right was a 180 degree view, floor to ceiling windows that shows striking buildings piercing the sky as well as the lush green view of Central Park. It was quiet here in the large room, but warm and peaceful. Not cold and clinical like the lab often could be.Darcy tossed her papers down on a table blindly, already thinking about different coffees and creamers to be had. But when she came to stand before the desired machine, a frown began to scrunch her face. The fucker had like, a million buttons with no instructions. Where was the manual when you needed one?She started by filling the glass pot with the water. That was simple enough, but then she couldn’t figure out where to put it. The lid didn’t open and there wasn’t any reasonable spot for pouring. So she stood there, one hand on her hip, the other holding a pot full of water, staring at the machine like it had personally insulted her. All she wanted was a simple cup of life saving coffee! Stupid newfangled Stark gadgets being way too complicated.“I’m seriously too young to feel this old.” She huffed pitifully, knowing the piece of crap didn’t care about her uncaffinated woes.“You’re telling me.” Replied a smooth deep voice from somewhere behind her.Now, Darcy could keep her cool most of the time, being spooked by jerks. She had three older brothers so… you know. Used to it.She wasn’t, however, prepared for any voice here and therefore wasn’t really sorry when she instinctively threw the full pot with all her might at the spookers face.Darcy turned to see if she needed to grab a kitchen knife (not that she'd know what to do with it, she was simply sans taser at the moment) but st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Explicit Language
Awesome Darcy Lewis
sad cap
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Fluff
Crack Fluff
Bad Jokes
Explicit Sexual Content
Awkwardness
Big Brother Thor
Steve has no game
Darcy finds an unexpected crush
falcon is the bro
constant interruptions
No Apologies
companion piece to Threats and Games

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

