Work Text:
Bucky doesn’t even get to have breakfast the next morning before it starts. “So,” Steve says.“No,” Bucky says, automatic.“Yes,” Steve says. “We have to talk about it.”“No we don’t.”“All the books say so -” “Books?  When did you have time to read  books?” “- and I think it’s important.” Steve gives him an unimpressed look. “We have a Kindle, Buck. And I wake up three hours before you do. I did some reading.” He eats another forkful of eggs. “Domestic discipline, huh?”Bucky shrugs tightly. He doesn’t know what he expected. Steve got results by pushing it, so of fucking course he’s going to push it more, and on top of that he’s chugging from a ten gallon smug jug because it all worked perfectly the first time around.And now they’re  talking  about things. Steve had said  whatever you want, you’ll get,  but Bucky barely knows what he wants when he’s ordering coffee, let alone anywhere else, and  knowing is an entirely different matter from having to fucking articulate. It had taken him months to piece together the nerves, the fragmented thoughts, the dissatisfaction, to add it all up and figure out that the thin, twitchy need inside him was a yearning for Steve to - to be in charge. To hold him down.Last night Bucky hadn’t even decided whether he’d show Steve the webpage he’d opened, whether he’d bring it up or just make Steve fuck him over the table, or even just - none of it, if Steve came home too tired. It had been a risk that paid off through pure luck, and there’s no guarantee it’ll work a second time.There’s no physical evidence of last night. Steve hadn’t hit him all that hard, and it’s not like even deep bruising doesn’t melt away overnight. He’d slept well, deeply, for once, but that doesn’t feel like it left a mark.He doesn’t know how to make it happen again. He’s not sure how he swung it in the first place. Now Steve knows, but - it’s not like the setup will work again, not when it’ll mean Bucky trespassing again, being bad on purpose. Shopping around. He doesn’t want to do that. He didn’t want to in the first place. But what else is there? Hey Steve, wanna smack me around some after dinner?He doesn’t know if it’ll work. And - what if it’s not as good? Everything had come together so perfectly last night, it had practically been a miracle. What if he catches Steve at an off time? What if he’s not in the mood? What if this time Bucky’s body doesn’t cooperate, or last time was just a fluke, and now his nerves won’t react the same way and instead of giving him golden heat it’ll just make them both sore and unhappy and tired?In their dark living room, Steve sharp and unfamiliar in the lines of an expensive suit, anything had seemed possible. Here and now in a sunny kitchen morning it all feels very far away. It all feels - silly, really. Pathetic, how’d he’d just gone to pieces like that.Steve’s watching him with slightly narrowed eyes, like he’s hearing the soup-spill monologue in Bucky’s head and he doesn’t like it one bit. He chews, swallows his mouthful of omelet and opens his mouth to say something just as his phone screams electronic fucking apocalypse from the kitchen counter.That’s the big damn superhero signal. “We’ll get back to this,” Steve says, pointing, but it loses a little force with the way he has to lurch out of the way of the table to get up out of his chair and make for his super suit.Steve sweeps back in forty seconds later like he always does, all zipped up and ready to punch, throw, and pin any given supervillain who is out there causing a ruckus. He swings his shield over his back, swings by Bucky to give him a hard, fast kiss on the mouth, and swings out the window onto the fire escape to climb up for his rooftop pickup.Bucky, for the usual dazed moment after a Steve kiss, seriously thinks about getting back in the black hat game. Nothing serious, more like how comic books used to be. A bank robber with a big bag with a dollar sign on it, or somebody with an overly convoluted plot to destroy the moon. Something that will leave a trail of ridiculous clues until they have a thoroughly operatic showdown that ends in Bucky tied to something with Steve looking down at him, stern.Steve would have to beat him up a little then. Except Bucky refuses to be attracted to Steve in the super suit, or he’s gonna start getting weird everytime he sees an American flag, and that’s just untenable.So villainy’s out of the question. Steve never leaves these days without a goodbye kiss, but Bucky has the brief mad wish that he’d turned around at the last second and said something that’d give him an in. Like… “don’t steal all my shirts”. Bucky could roll around in them while Steve was gone, and when he came back Steve would have to beat him then, too. Not much, not hard - Steve’s not a bully, and he’d see right through the ineptness of Bucky’s plan. He’d laugh, probably.Or Bucky could kidnap Steve, and throw away his phone, and keep him hidden in an undisclosed location to do his terrible bi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
In-scene negotiation
BDSM
Humiliation
Deepthroating
FaceFucking
Professor Steve's Dicksucking Academy
Bucky's Imagination Is A Slip N Slide Of Sin
Mean Top Steve Rogers
Hand Jobs
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

