Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text


Day One


 

“Stop it with the heartbeat thing, Matt. Seriously, it’s creepy. And invasive. And disrespectful.”

He wasn’t ever trying to be creepy about it. It wasn’t something he even paid much attention to anymore. He was always hyper-aware of Foggy’s heartbeat. He used it to ground himself, to block out the rest of the input he got and keep himself from being overwhelmed. It was an old trick of Stick’s, to focus so hard on one thing that everything else became background noise. There but not demanding his attention. Finding ways to filter out all the input his senses bombarded him with was vital to his sanity, to his ability to function and to any chance of sleep he had.
It helped, Foggy helped, even when he didn’t know it.
But now he did know and he didn’t like it. He wanted Matt to stop, so that was what he would try to do. Things were so tenuous between them, Matt knew from the way Foggy’s voice sounded when he said it that if Matt didn’t stop it would drive the rift between them impossibly and maybe even irrevocably deeper. He loved Foggy too much to let that happen – he loved Foggy too much in general.
It would be hard, a big adjustment because he had been doing it for so long that he didn’t need to put any thought to tuning into Foggy’s heart, but the tentative forgiveness he had earned so far was worth a lot more to Matt than a little discomfort on his end.
So he would try, he would try as hard as he could. Foggy’s friendship meant everything to him, even if it made his heart twist a little with the possibility of more that would never come true. He wouldn’t lose what he could have of Foggy to his own stupid, long ago mistake in becoming so dependent on his heartbeat.
He could do this.
 


Day Four


 
Not focusing on Foggy was fairly easy, when he put his mind to it. It was when he wasn’t putting his mind to it that he was having the problems. He had pretty much trained his body to use Foggy as a center point for all of his senses, so the minute he stopped putting effort into it, he went back to listening to Foggy’s heart for twenty minutes before abruptly realizing why he was suddenly getting more work done than he had before.
It hadn’t made for very productive days yet.
Add in to that his throbbing bruises from his fight with Fisk keeping him just a degree too uncomfortable to really power through and Matt wasn’t even sure why Foggy and Karen were putting up with him in the office. He and Foggy were tense, for all that his friend had given his blessing to Matt going after Fisk that night. They were tentatively reconciled but Matt knew the slightest thing could ruin what they were trying to build back up.
He had been trying to use the pain he was in as his focus but he was wary of letting that become a habit. He didn’t look to get hurt when he was out as the Devil but if he started needing it to replace focusing on Foggy then things were going to get risky fast.
Truthfully, he hadn’t figured out how he was going to replace Foggy’s heartbeat. He remembered the vicious headaches and sensory overloads that had slowly tapered off by the time they were in their second year at school together and he wasn’t eager to let that back into his life. He had to figure something out, though, because he was already failing at what he had to do.
There wasn’t any room for error. If Foggy got the slightest hint that Matt wasn’t respecting his wishes he would be angry and possibly out the door. Losing Foggy was more than Matt could bear. He had to do better.
He would do better.
 


Day Six


 
“Matt, you’re freaking brilliant!”
Matt laughed, the sound off to his own ears but luckily Foggy was so pleased with the loophole he had found their client he didn’t realize that Matt was so tense and relieved and unwilling to show it that he was afraid he’d temporarily forgotten how to properly laugh. “I don’t think researching until my fingers fall asleep is brilliance, but okay.”
“No, seriously, this is a novel way to apply the precedent. I never would have thought of it.” Foggy praised. His voice was warmer than it had been in so long and if Matt was feeling particularly masochistic he could pretend it even sounded loving.
It had taken him six minutes to explain what he had found and pitch his idea to Foggy. They were probably up to seven minutes of continuous conversation and it was the longest they had had in over a week. He could practically feel Karen’s smile from the doorway she was standing in. Apparently, with the right incentive, Foggy could stand to be near Matt for a decent chunk of time again. Everything he was trying to do to repair them was working.
Saying any of those thoughts, those assumptions about any forgiveness he had earned, was forbidden. “Well, let’s hope the judge buys it.” He said simply.
Foggy laughed again and the sound of it made all of the effort Matt had been putting into not focusing on him worth it.
 


Day Nine


 

Just a couple of hours, ple
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sensory Overload
sensory issues
Hurt Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Miscommunication
Friends to Lovers
Post-Season/Series 01
Angst

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

