Work Text:
At the dinner table, Ben was gearing up to tell his parents about the divorce when the phone rang, and Dad swore when he read the caller ID.“Your goddamned grandma,” he said. He picked up the phone with a gruff greeting and went into the other room. Ben could hear muffled exasperation, but he couldn’t make out the words. He looked over at his mom, who just shook her head and shrugged.“She’s so old,” Mom said. “She gets these ideas, and they’re just harder and harder to deal with. We’re thinking we might have to put her in a home.”“I didn’t know it had gotten that bad,” Ben said. “She seemed sharp as ever last time I saw her.”Mom’s mouth flattened into a thin little line of disapproval.“And when was that, Benji?”Ben sighed and ran a hand over his face. What could he say? Sorry my life fell apart while you didn’t notice? Sorry I had to take care of it the last few months instead of going all the way out to Fishtown every other day to run a few of Grandma’s errands? Sorry I don’t exactly live close enough that it’s no bother? None of it was ever enough, anyway.  And Grandma — she didn’t need the help Dad and his pair of asshole brothers thought she did. She was a tough old broad, as she called herself. “I’ll go tomorrow,” Ben said, and Mom grunted out a hmph before feeding herself another spoonful of grits. Her own mother had been from the deep south, ran a white lady’s kitchen with an iron fist and served the best soul food east of the Mississippi. Mom had learned to cook at her apron strings, and Dad always joked that that was why he’d married her. Ben sighed and pushed his okra around his plate. Dad came stomping back in and plonked himself heavily into his seat. “You hear from your sister?” he said, cutting into his chicken cutlet.“It’s finals, Dad,” Ben said. “You know she’s trapped and dehydrated somewhere under an avalanche of grading.”“We’ll have to go excavate the body next week, then,” Mom said.“You can go by yourself,” Dad said. He shook his head and went a dull, angry sort of white boy red. “I gotta take care of finding a place for Ma. This whole thing is just — it’s ridiculous, Alma.”“What’s she on about?” Ben asked. Dad looked at him and sighed. He seemed to deflate and become a small gray echo of himself. Ben had always thought of his father as a strong, big man — larger than life and untouchable. He’d protested the Vietnam War. He’d been tear gassed. He went to Woodstock, he dodged the draft, he watched DC burn after Dr. Martin Luther King’s assassination. He was the embodiment of all the tumult and progress of the 20th century — and eventually, its greed and decline. Now, in the 21st, he was a relic and a stubborn old mule who couldn’t bear the thought that he didn’t still rule the world. It surprised Ben, sometimes, to find himself the adult and his father increasingly frail. He was sixty-seven years old. He had stents in his heart. He had had a heart attack last year. And, worst of all for the kid Ben suspected he might always be, Dad didn’t know best.“All this Captain America stuff in the news.” Dad shook his head. “She says she knows him, needs to go talk to him. God, can you imagine? This poor kid they’ve hired to play the part for whatever propaganda machine they’re running now opens his door and finds a lady older than dirt hanging around with a crush on him. The things she says — they become more and more goddamn delusional every day, I swear. I don’t know what to do.”Ben could feel himself frowning with every muscle in his face.“That’s really him, though,” he said. “That’s really Steve Rogers.”Dad rolled his eyes and jabbed his fork at him.“Don’t tell me you believe all the bullshit the news is trying to sell,” he said. “Come on, Benji. You’re thirty-two years old.”“There’s an exhibit at the Smithsonian, though.”“There’s an exhibit at the natural history museum of Neanderthal skeletons, too. That doesn’t mean they’re walking among us.”“So what, you just decide your mother’s got dementia because you’re too much of a jackass to read the news and get your head out of your ass?”“Benji!” Mom snapped.“Oh, what, Mom?” Ben said. “Is there any other evidence of her losing her marbles? Is a harmless little crush on a handsome man from 1945 really grounds for taking her out of the house she’s lived in for fifty years?”“You haven’t heard her, Ben,” Mom said. “You haven’t been around at all.”“Right.” Ben stood up and dumped his napkin onto the plate. “I’m out.”“Ben—”“By the way, I’m getting a divorce. Surprise.” His mother’s face crumpled, his father’s turned a new shade of red, and Ben walked out the door because he was a grown man, and he could.

—
The morning Ben pulled up in front of his grandmother’s house to go on a geriatric road trip, he wondered if he had a serious case of cutting off his nose to spite his face. But he’d made a promise, and he was going to keep it, no matter how many bathroom stops he had to make along the way, or how much old person racism he was gonna hear fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Family
Homophobia
Racism
Siblings
Translation Available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

