Chapter 1: deaged tony pt 1
    




Chapter Text

The base they're coming up on is one Bucky isn't particularly familiar with. That isn't such a surprise, honestly. There were thousands or hundreds of thousands of HYDRA bases all over the world, and he'd seen, perhaps, only a fraction of them during his tenure as their pet asset. Not that he particularly enjoys remembering those times, but he does what he needs to, remembers what he needs to remember, for the sake of their missions. It's never easy, and he never likes parsing through those bloody, cold memories, but he does it. It's a sacrifice he's willing to make. More so when one of his teammates are in danger. But while this base is one of the few he has been to before, his memories of it are dim and distant. Not old, he doesn't think, but fuzzy, somehow, in a way he is unfamiliar with.

“Something's...wrong,” he says slowly, quietly. Natasha is the closest to him, the one who turns her head ever so slightly to indicate she's actively listening. “I've been here, but I can't remember it. Not the details.”

“Not all of your memories have returned,” she offers as a possible explanation. 

Bucky shakes his head. “That's not it. There's...a haze? The memories I recover are perfectly clear. You know that.” She concedes the point. He'd remembered more about the Red Room than she had, after all. They'd twisted her memories of the place, too, and it was only through his perfect recall that she was able to realize the pair of them never actually had a sexual relationship, that she'd never actually been any sort of ballerina. “These memories were tampered with, but not by the chair.”

“There's magic here,” Wanda reports. Red sparks dance from her fingers, and she frowns down at her hands. “The same kind of magic as mine, but...different.”

“More abilities born from the mind gem,” Vision states with a pensive frown. The synthezoid has gotten better at displaying more complex emotions, but it's still a work in progress. “I can...feel them. Like calls to like.”

“That memory of yours, Buck,” Steve says, “about this place. You have anything we can work with?”

“Yellow mist,” Bucky says with a frown, then shakes his head. “I know the layout of the building well enough. The blueprints help, but I can...I can see the halls and the rooms, now. They did experiments here.” He jerks his chin at Wanda. “Probably making more people like her.” He and Wanda have a complicated relationship that's mostly solved by staying as far from each other as they can get. Typically, they wouldn't even go on the same mission together. So few threats require the entire team, after all. 

This time, they weren't leaving anything to chance. It's been three weeks since Tony was kidnapped. They'd been on a different mission, with different priorities, and the HYDRA agents had swarmed him while he was out of his suit to strip down their databanks and some equipment to make it safe to transport. The recovered footage FRIDAY had pulled showed that there was a bright yellow flash of light before the agents, and Tony, had vanished. Tony may have been notoriously good at getting himself unkidnapped, but they'd seen nor heard nothing from him, and they hadn't stopped looking. This was, most likely, the right place. If it wasn't, they'd try again, but they were getting more and more desperate as time went by.

Clint lands the quinjet without issue, the new cloaking technology Tony had invented and installed before the kidnapping preventing anyone in the base from registering their presence. It was brilliant tech, and Bucky longed to sit Tony down and make him explain how it worked. Maybe he'd get the chance to do that to keep Tony busy while he was in recovery. No way would anyone let him skip medical and jump right back into missions after something like this, even with an extremely modified Extremis pumping through his veins.

Storming the base with two super soldiers, two magic users, Sam, and Clint, takes far less time than it really should, Bucky thinks. No one was at all prepared for them. Bucky tries to remember to use non lethal shots as he takes out the HYDRA scum, but, well, he's not overly concerned when he ‘forgets,’ either. At least Steve doesn't call him out on it. The two of them wound up paired together as they ran through the base ahead of the others, ‘tanking’ their way through, as Tony would have described it. God, Bucky misses him. 

The HYDRA forces thin considerably the deeper they go underground. Not a surprise, not really, considering they'd thrown so many troops at them initially. Yet Bucky expected more. A growing sense of dread builds in his stomach as they go down to the last level of the bunker. He slows considerably. Steve notices and matches his pace, the grip on his shield tightening.

“Buck? What's going on?” Steve asks in an undertone. 

“This was where they did the experiments,” Bucky says lowly. He grimaces and shakes his head a little, trying to clear the fog in his mi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Blood and Gore
bodies/corpses
Bullying
Captivity
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Domestic Violence
Physical Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Drinking
Drug Use
Eating Disorders
Guns
Hospitalization
Kidnapping
Medical Procedures
Mental Health Issues
Murder
Pedophilia
(past) - Freeform
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Past Sexual Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Suicidal Thoughts
Swearing
Torture
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Violence
Weapons
just to be clear most of the abuse tags are for the past
Kid Tony Stark
De-Aged Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hydra are dicks
Stane was a dick
Howard was also a dick
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst Dark Brew
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Lots of Hurt
not as much comfort
Tags Are Hard
but i'm pretty sure i got everything
Not Steve Friendly
Steve gets a redemption arc

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

