Chapter 1: Sam
    




Chapter Text

For a man capable of disappearing so utterly that even the international intelligence community thought he was a myth, it didn't take them long to find the Winter Soldier.
"He wants to be found," Steve insisted as he and Sam hashed out their plan of approach.Sam thought about the Winter Soldier's blank gaze, and he thought about all the empty eyes he'd seen in his work as a counselor, and he didn't disagree. "That doesn't make him your friend, though," he cautioned.Steve didn't even look up from the map. "I don't know what they did to him, but that's Bucky in there."Steve's loyalty was one of the things Sam admired most, but it sure made it damned hard to help the guy sometimes. "Cap, that's an assassin in there. He failed in his mission, and he's lost his command structure, and it's been a long time since they erased you from his brain. He's lost and desperate and grasping at straws."Steve glared. "He remembered something, so they didn't erase me, they just buried me. He may not have unearthed it all, yet, but he knows I'm going to help him." His expression softened, and he reached across the table to grip Sam's forearm. "I know he's confused, Sam. I know that pain can make someone lash out, even at the ones they love. I'm going to be as careful as I can be. I promise. But I can't not help him." Steve's gaze never faltered. "I'll understand if you need to back out now, and thank you for getting me this far."God damn it, those earnest eyes could probably talk Sam into cutting off his own legs. "You're not shaking me off that easy," Sam said. "I just want you to know what you're walking into. He's not -- he's never going to be -- the guy he used to be."Steve's eyes closed as he nodded, and his hand on Sam's arm trembled, just a bit. "Yeah, well, neither am I."#For a man who supposedly wanted to be found, the Winter Soldier fought like a wildcat when Steve and Sam finally cornered him. It didn't help that Steve was so reluctant to hurt him.Sam had been reduced to scrambling for cover in the first two minutes, his ankle sprained if not broken, some ribs cracked, and his wings disabled. Again. He tried to do what he could to help, but mostly what he could do was not be in the way whenever the Winter Soldier threw Steve off. Sam limped around the edges of the abandoned warehouse, looking for any opening to be useful and wishing he'd learned more hand-to-hand. Not that he'd be able to do much against a legendary assassin who had a cyborg arm that could apparently hold its own against Captain fucking America.Sam blinked, so stunned that he nearly missed ducking when Cap's shield got knocked his way.He dragged in a deeper breath, mentally cursing the knife's edge of pain in his ribs, and snatched up the shield. "Cap! The arm!" He threw the shield, winging it like an oversized Frisbee, and damned if it didn't fly just like one.Steve caught it without even looking around, his peripheral vision apparently as useful as a normal man's two good eyes. In one smooth twist, he flipped it, jumped up, and dropped hard, using his entire body's weight to slam the thin edge of the shield right into the Winter Soldier's metal arm. It impacted with a sickening crunch.If it had been meat and bone, it would've sheared off completely, Sam thought. The Winter Soldier's arm sparked and crackled, and when the fight shifted again, Sam could see a long dent across the middle of the bicep region, and the arm was hanging uselessly from its socket. Some of the fingers were twitching eerily, but they didn't appear to be coordinated.The Winter Soldier snarled and kept fighting, but Steve had the advantage now. It wasn't too much longer before Steve had him grappled and immobilized. "Sam!" he called urgently. Sam dug into the pocket of his cargo pants as he limped toward them, watching the Winter Soldier's still-struggling limbs warily. He popped the cap from the syringe with a thumb and stabbed the needle deep into the straining muscles of the Winter Soldier's good shoulder, then pushed down the plunger.The Winter Soldier struggled for another ten seconds or so before succumbing to the tranquilizer."Wish that hadn't been necessary," Steve sighed as he straightened."Hey, he may be your long-lost BFF," Sam snorted, "but he just tried to kill me. He needs to be kept under until we can get him somewhere secure."Steve's eyes went a little glossy, his brow furrowing slightly they way it did when he was mentally reviewing something. "No," he said slowly. "He could've killed you two… no, three times during that fight, easy, without losing any ground on me." Steve's gaze sharpened again and he looked up at Sam earnestly. "I don't think he could stop himself from fighting, but he was trying not to hurt us. Bucky's still in there, Sam."Sam dug a coil of steel-core cable from his pants, and started binding the Winter Soldier's ankles, wincing as his cracked ribs protested the movement. "I told you I'm with you on this,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
canon-typical lack of realism about psychological issues
MCU-compliant through Winter Soldier
Happy Ending
First Time
Frottage
Shovel Talk
Captain America's shovel talk is goddamn terrifying
Anal Sex
Shower Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

