Chapter 1: Tony goes to school
    


Notes:
me working through my personal trauma using fictional characters? it's more likely than you think.also, formating. help. i don't get it.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


1. Peter’s days tended to go awry and definitely not the way he intended them to go.Sometimes he’d spot (totally accidentally) some suspicious – or downright dangerous – activity near his school; be it through the window while sitting in class, or wandering various parts of the school on breaks. Other days, he’d read something on the internet (not that he had… like, an alert… or a filter… about things happening near him. That be, like, asking for trouble… right?). On days he successfully sat through his classes, he could struggle sitting through curricular activities, too. And from time to time, he’d stumble upon a bigger deal, and he’d be present at school only in body, because his mind was elsewhere playing a detective to try and connect the dots left by his newest nemesis.The worst thing had nothing to do with him skipping classes, and effectively getting detentions for that, either. The word had gotten out about him losing his Stark internship. Not like anyone had believed it anyway. People most probably assumed he got tired of lying and tried to end it without much embarrassment – at least according to Flash, that’s what happened.
Now, he couldn’t start telling “oh, we talked it out, I got it back”, 
'
cause that’s, like, even less likely than the existence of the internship in the first place. It sure sounded as if he tried to pathetically save his face, but kept making it worse. 
Each time he pulled something at school, he had to make up a different excuse. It varied from “family emergency” to “felt sick” to “forgot I promised an elderly neighbor I’d get her groceries before school”. He was running out of ideas. Peter couldn’t lie for shit.That day, however, seemed to be turning out great. He resisted thinking that in fear of jinxing it, but he walked with a slight bounce, and his voice was chirpier than usual, and his smile slid on his face more easily the later in the day it was. He had no after school activities, so by the time chemistry rolled around, he had to fight a grin. His last class of the day. Maybe he’d make it without trouble for once.Aaand, there it went.He had to jinx it at the last moment.Despite the calm (before the storm), Peter couldn’t keep his focus on the topic anyway. The clock seemed to drag his attention to itself, his right hand taking notes paused time and time again, as if distracted.Another paper ball hit Peter’s head, followed by Flash’s chuckle, when someone knocked. Not one to wait, the person on the corridor flung the door open without the teacher’s approval. Mr. Harrington trailed off, his eyes on the entrance.“Hello, spare the applause, I’ll be just a minute,” fell out of Tony Stark’s mouth before he even crossed into the classroom.“Y-You — You’re —“ Mr. Harrington’s eyes remained unblinking as if he feared Tony would disappear like a mirage.“Comprehensive,” filled in helpfully Tony, “but you look like you could use a deep breath. Or three. In and out,” he breathed exaggeratedly.The joke went over the teacher’s head. The students broke out of the stillness with a giggle, which doubled when Mr. Harrington inhaled sharply and exhaled loudly. Three times.Stark couldn’t resist a grin as he nodded, indicating that yes, the man was doing a great job, just like that. 

Peter had noticed at a certain point Tony had this not really fond, but a softer kind of smirk whenever someone lost their head while meeting him. Unless people were dying and he was tight on time. He didn’t appreciate the fawning then.Before the teacher found his voice again, Tony quickly found Peter with his gaze.“I’m afraid I have to kidnap your student. Don’t thank me,” he mentioned at Peter to go.“But – “ started Peter at the same with Mr. Harrington. He halted, letting the other man speak.“W-We can’t just – let…”“Oh, no, no,” interrupted Tony, waving a piece of paper. “All good and proper. Like a responsible citizen I am.”He passed the paper and turned to give Peter the Look. The boy immediately gathered his things carelessly into his (third this month) backpack.“Well, May will be glad,” he muttered into the backpack as he stood up.“Yeah, I might be losing hearing from all her screaming,” said Tony, already not paying attention to the teacher. Something made him pause, and he started laughing. “Wait, that came out…”“Don’t. Just – don’t,” as Peter reached him, the man patted his shoulder, still laughing. “Mr. Stark.”“Sorry, sorry, I just,” he turned back to the shell-shocked teacher clutching, apparently, the consent to let Tony Stark, (definitely not Peter’s guardian), get him out of school mid-class. “That was wrong, sorry,” despite his polite words he didn’t sound very sorry.Peter told him as much, getting a flick at his temple.“Und
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Social Media
High School
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Precious Peter Parker
Iron Dad
all 'em tropes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Pepper Potts
word 2016 is my beta

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

