Work Text:
“Boss,” FRIDAY’s nervous voice came over the speaker in Tony’s lab. “You’re gonna want to see this.” “See what, Fri?” Tony asked, setting down the gauntlet prototype he was working on. “Someone leaked the videos from Siberia,” she said, throwing up a screen. The angle was from a wall mounted camera, not his suit cam (not that he had been worried- his security was practically unbeatable). “Who?” he croaked, watching some of the worst moments of his life play out on screen. “And why? Prioritize this, baby girl. I have to go run damage control.” “Okay, Boss,” FRIDAY wasn’t happy, but she knew that avoidance was how Boss coped. It didn’t mean she couldn’t  try  to help, though. A line of code later and Stephen was portalling into the lab. Wordlessly, he bundled his engineer into a tight hug and the Cloak flew around to rest on Tony’s shoulders. After a few minutes, he asked, “Movie?” Tony shook his head. “Can’t,” he whispered. “Damage control. Have to get ahead of the news cycle.” “Boss, if I may,” FRIDAY interjected. “Miss Potts has already told me to tell you to take today off and let her handle PR. She also says that she’ll come by in the evening to check on you. Colonel Rhodes will also be stopping by this evening when he finishes his meetings in Vienna. So you have time for a movie.” Tony barked out a wet laugh. “You heard her,” he said to Stephen. Stephen opened a portal to their bedroom with a wave of his hand. “After you,” he said. --- “Good morning,” Pepper said, stepping up to the podium. “I’m here to address the videos that have been circulating about Dr. Stark’s… confrontation-” the distaste was clear in her tone. “- with Mr. Rogers and Sergeant Barnes in Siberia. Unfortunately, all of the footage is authentic and has not been tampered with in any way. We had several top analysts confirm that fact before this conference. The injuries sustained by Dr. Stark during this fight were what led to his highly-publicized usage of the Extremis virus to recover. There were no other options, as he has previously stated, and I’m sure you all can see why. “At this time, Dr. Stark requests privacy. I’m sure you all can understand that after some of his most traumatic experiences being made public, he would like time before facing the press. Any publication that requests an interview during this time will be denied. Please, respect his wishes until he is ready to talk. I will now open the floor up for questions.” Pepper pointed at a sandy haired reporter in the third row. “Will Stark be pressing charges for both obstruction of justice and assault?” he asked. “At this time, I can’t confirm or deny that with any certainty,” she admitted. She pointed to Christine Everhart next. “Is Rogers a good fit for the New Avengers when he abandoned a teammate in Siberia without a backwards glance, in a damaged suit, no less?” Pepper grimaced. “I am not an Avenger nor party to their decision making process,” she said. “It falls to the Accords Council to make that judgement.” “Is Dr. Stark physically able to operate the Iron Man suit without causing further damage to his torso?” “Yes,” she nodded. “Extremis fixed both the damage from this confrontation and previous arc reactor related surgeries. He is physically in excellent health and able to operate the armor to its full capabilities.” A brunette in the second row stood up when pointed at. “Who released the videos?” “We believe it to be a faction of HYDRA that hasn’t been taken down yet,” Pepper answered. “It was an abandoned  HYDRA base, after all.” “Why didn’t Dr. Stark fight back for real?” a mousy blonde asked. “I’m sorry,” Pepper was thrown, but she was enough of a professional to not let it show. “Could you clarify that, please?” “The Iron Man suit has missiles and lasers in addition to the massively powerful unibeam. It has stood toe-to-toe with gods and the Hulk,” the reporter reasoned. “He could have easily killed Rogers and Barnes in Siberia. So, why didn’t he?” Pepper blinked in shock. “Because that isn't who he is,” she said finally. “He was hurting and he lashed out. We all do it. Tony is only human, you know. He didn’t kill them because he is a good man who recognized that killing them wouldn’t give him his parents back. That’s all the questions I will be taking at this time. Thank you.” She walked purposefully off stage, ignoring the shouted questions. Once out of sight, Pepper almost screamed in rage. It wasn’t  fair  ! Tony suffered  so much , and for what? That asshole Rogers was probably going to get away with hurting her Tony because Tony was too nice, too focused on the bigger picture, to press charges. She’d try to convince him, though. It wasn’t right that Rogers would get away with damn near killing Tony. And he wouldn’t, if she had a say. “FRIDAY?” Pepper said into her earpiece. “Call Murdock. Set up a meeting, if he’s amenable.” FRIDAY chirped in confirmation, and Pepper grinned. --- “How is he?” Rhodey fretted, Pepper behind him. They both ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Salt
all the salt
IronStrange
Siberia
people find out the truth about siberia
Team Iron Man
unapologetically team tony
Sassy Stephen Strange
Protective Stephen Strange
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Protective Pepper Potts
Extremis Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
angry stephen strange
Post CACW

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

