Work Text:
“The Temple of Venus,” Tony said, pausing at the base of the mountain to let his companions catch their breath. Tall spires of rock and foliage stretched out in front of him, a pattern not immediately recognizable within the stones. The temple was never intended to be easily found, and time had not been kind to the area without anyone to care for it, but Tony could still pick out the encouraging characteristics in the rocks that made his heartbeat climb in anticipation.He wasn’t interested in the public area of worship though. For what they were after, they needed to dig a little deeper.Tony had heard of this particular treasure entirely by accident, but the legends certainly seemed promising. The story told of a powerful artifact that protected the temple. According to the historical records, the anecdotes of this shrine seemed to align perfectly with the formation of a mystery cult in the area, dedicated to the goddess Venus and predating even the Roman Republic. Tony had a couple of copies of the writings of the time. A few more references had been found only recently in the curse tablets discovered in the area.After that, the trail had gone cold. And without any further evidence, there was nothing left to do but investigate himself. Pepper and Rhodey, at least, seemed willing to humor him (and why shouldn’t they? This sort of expedition was old hat to them). With them also was the esteemed Doctor Killgrave, a man who Tony would have just as well preferred to leave behind in the city, but who had insisted on joining them personally in their expedition. Honestly, Tony had never even heard of the man before, but when Killgrave had offered to fully fund their next expedition, he’d had the good sense to keep that to himself. Tony wasn’t in the habit of denying his benefactors such simple requests as accompanying them on the trip, even when they clearly trusted him so little that they brought along their own private security.Killgrave had introduced them as his graduate students, but Tony was fairly certain that graduate students in history and anthropology were not nearly so athletic, and judging by the matching expressions on Pepper and Rhodey’s faces, they questioned the introduction also.Killgrave and his companions did not seem quite convinced that they were in the correct place, likely because they didn’t know what they were looking for, so Tony waved them forward.“Not immediately remarkable. There are temples scattered all across Europe, but this one is special.” The incline was steep but luckily intended to be travelled despite their rough appearance, and so Tony chose to forgo their climbing gear altogether.“As I understand it, there were two types of practice in ancient Rome—religion, and magic. It would all seem foreign to us, but to your average, upstanding Roman citizen, the goings on of this temple would be entirely strange.”“There’s nothing here, Mr. Stark,” one of the graduate students so kindly pointed out—and Tony hadn’t caught either of their names, mostly because Doctor Killgrave hadn’t bothered to introduce them.“Well, they wouldn’t want it to be easy to find, would they? The temple was founded by a magic cult...an offshoot of your typical followers of Venus, and the entrance to the shrine itself was supposedly sealed magically to protect both the priestesses who inhabit it and the magical relics that they used in their rituals.”“And who was your source for this information?” Killgrave cut in, noticeably breathless. Tony had warned him that this sort of journey wasn’t really cut out for a scholar of history. Tony applauded his determination.“Legend and hearsay, mostly,” Tony said. At Killgrave’s noticeable silence, he turned back to gauge his expression—stony and entirely unamused. Tony winked and reached into the inside lining of his jacket to pull out a rolled up piece of paper. “But every rumor is grounded in truth.” He handed him the paper, crisp and white as if it had been freshly printed. “Now, that’s not the original copy,” he said. “Apparently, you’re not allowed to take priceless papyrus on dangerous excursions into the mountains of Europe.”“What is it?” Killgrave asked. Tony braced a foot against a protruding rock in order to free up his hands, slowly and unsteadily unrolling the paper. Killgrave made a face when he saw that it hadn’t been translated from it’s original text.“A journal entry,” Tony said, “from a soldier who encountered the temple on his travels, on the night of the Veneralia,” he pointed to the word. “A festival in Rome, dedicated to Venus.” “And this man recounts some kind of treasure?” Killgrave asked. “Not at all,” Tony said. “This man recounts some kind of monster. A guardian. Says he barely made it out with his life.”“Oh, wonderful,” Killgrave said, “and that tells you that we should go there?”“That tells me,” Tony said at length, “that there is something worth guarding. Now fan out. We’re looking for anything that might resemble an entrance.”Tony 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Fluff
Developing Relationship
Sharing a Bed
Hurt Steve
Alternate Universe - Noir

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

