Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony’s doctor had told him that his constant stress in life was only causing his health to deplete faster. Instead of taking pills and other medication on top of his previous prescriptions, his doctor offered up another possible solution.
“Yeah, no. I’m not trying any of your hippy dippy oil shit. It’s literally just a step down from putting a candle in the room,” Tony said in response. 
The idea was to give essential oils a shot for a few weeks as a more natural remedy before reverting back to a handful of pills a day. He had never been into any of that sort of stuff, opting with the pills as they were a one and done kinda deal.
“Again, Mr. Stark. This will just be a little trial period. There are many health benefits to using essential oils and I think it would be good to at least try it out,” she replied as she handed him the information he needed for his oils.
“Fine. But I am only trying this out to prove that it won’t work,” Tony replied as he made his way out of the med bay, carrying his new box of essential oils and fancy looking diffuser.
That night, as he and Pepper were getting ready for bed, he picked up the concoction booklet and began to read.
“Yeah right, like a mixture of citrus, Frankincense, Rose, and Jasmine are gonna help with depression.” Tony read on and got to a different section of the booklet. “Huh, so lavender is supposed to help with sleep? I’ll believe that when I see it.”
Tony put down the booklet and found the small vial of lavender essential oil and put a few drops in the diffuser along with some water and turned it on. Soon after, the room held the subtle scent of lavender which was surprisingly calming.
“That smells nice, Tones. Reminds me of that one perfume I used to wear,” Pepper said as she crawled in bed with him.
“Y-yeah. I guess it does,” Tony replied as he laid down next to her. Within minutes, Tony was fast asleep, Pepper not too far behind. 
The next morning, Tony awoke to Pepper gone and the sunlight showing through the slit in the curtains. He looked at the clock which read 8:32 am which surprised him as he went to bend at 12:00 am. He hadn’t had more than 8 hours of sleep in ages. Tony glanced over at his essential oil diffuser and quirked a small smile before getting out of bed and picking it up as he walked out the door.
“Good morning sunshine. How’d you sleep?” Pepper asked as she sat at the kitchen table, drinking her coffee and tapping away at her StarkPad. 
“Surprisingly well. Maybe this oil mumbo jumbo actually is what it cracks up to be,” Tony said as he plugged in the diffuser and filled it with more water. “What are we thinking about sniffing this morning?”
“You got anything that’ll clear the mind? I’ve got 3 meetings today and I do not want to deal with these ignorant people with all this stress,” Pepper said without looking up from her StarkPad.
Tony looked through the booklet and found one that just might work. He put a few drops in and turned it on as he grabbed a cup of coffee of his own. Slowly, the scent filled the room.
“Is, is that peppermint?” Pepper asked.
“Yeah, book said it was supposed to stimulate and calm the mind which was close enough,” Tony said.
“Well it’s lovely. I’ve gotta get going though. Remember that Peter is coming over today as well. You agreed to work on improvements for his suit with him,” Pepper said as she gathered her things.
“Yup, he texted me to remind me four times last night,” Tony said holding back a smile.
“Don’t you two get into too much trouble while I’m gone. Bye, Tony,” she said as she gave him a kiss before heading out.
Peter wasn’t supposed to come over for another few hours, so Tony collected his diffuser and made his way into the workshop, still diffusing the “mind-calming” peppermint.
As he tinkered away, he didn’t even notice the time pass until the door to the workshop opened, followed by a high-pitched, “Hey, Mr. Stark!”
Peter made it about five steps in before stopping. Tony looked up to see Peter standing near the doorway, a look of disgust adorning his features.
“Hey, bud. What’s up with you?” Tony asked.
“Sorry, it’s just. Wow, Mr. Stark, it smells awful in here. Did someone die or something?” He asked as he backed up more towards the door.
“Uh, well not that I know of. I mean, it smells how it usually does in here, minus the diffuser,” Tony stated as he stood.
“I’m sorry, I just-” Peter shuddered. “I can’t stay in here. I don’t know why but that smell is repulsive. What is that?"
“Uh, peppermint? You can’t tell me you don’t like the smell of peppermint,” Tony said as he stepped towards Peter. Unbeknownst to him, this was a mistake as the smell of peppermint had been practically infused into Tony’s clothing after sitting so close to the diffuser for hours. Peter then did something Tony never thought he would see Peter do.
He hissed at him.
Legit, hissed and then ran.
Tony was baffled by the odd display from his young mentee and ran after him but it was like he disappeared.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
spiderson
Irondad
civil war didn't happen
spiders dont like peppermint
tony doesn't know spiders hate peppermint
some pepperony sprinkled in here
we love one sam wilson
peter reacts weird to peppermint

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

