Chapter 1: Hot For Teacher
    


Notes:
I'm taking it easy with this fic, not putting pressure on myself like I usually do. I'm hoping it has a humorous, less-serious feel.




Chapter Text
Bucky walks into the lecture hall with Natasha. It’s one of the classrooms in the fine arts building, so as an ASL Interpretation major, Bucky’s never been there. He trails behind Nat and seats himself next to her. Thanks for lining this up for me., he signs to her.She shrugs and says out loud, “No problem.”Natasha’s fluent in sign but she’s not deaf. She only attends Gallaudet because her boyfriend Clint does. Bucky could just speak to her, but he’s made a resolution to sign whenever possible in order to increase his fluency. That’s why he’s sitting in on Natasha’s Art History class, too. He needs to work on expanding his practical vocabulary in relation to the arts. So Natasha has arranged for him to audit her class. The professor is supposedly hearing and sign-illiterate, so this is one of the few classes on campus that has to have an interpreter. It’s the type of work that Bucky plans to do once he earns his degree. So the plan is that he’ll attend classes with Nat and sit and watch the class interpreter to learn. Plan being the key word. Bucky gets a little bit completely distracted when the professor walks in. “Oh my god,” He says aloud before he can stop himself. The guy who’s just walked in is hot, like burning. He’s tall and broad and so built that it shows right through his sweater vest and khakis. He’s got a beard and Bucky immediately knows that he wants to call him Daddy. Hello, professor, he thinks, eyes still glued to the guy. “Nat,” he hisses, and she looks over at him. 
  What?

/That’s/ the teacher?
She gives him a weird look. Duh, she says. /Why/ are we signing?
Because he’s hearing and can’t sign, and I’m going to have some very inappropriate things to say about him!
Natasha rolls her eyes and looks forward at the teacher. His name’s Steve, she tells him, because she’s smart enough to know that’ll be Bucky’s next question. Professor Rogers, to you, she emphasizes. And no, you cannot have sex with him.“I beg to differ,” Bucky says.“Pretty sure there are ethical rules against that,” she murmurs, because the guy—Steve, Bucky thinks dreamily. He looks like a Steve—is stepping up to the podium to begin the class. The class interpreter is poised just to the side, ready to begin as well.“Rules, not laws though, right?” Bucky checks, in a near-whisper.Natasha huffs at him and doesn’t reply, and Bucky spends the rest of the class watching Professor Steve Rogers and fantasizing about all the dirty things he’d like to do to him. Given that Bucky’s got a kink list about a mile long, it’s not exactly a surprise that by the end of the lecture he’s learned very little new Art History-related sign. He has, however, formed a very solid new crush.-The problem with Bucky’s crushes (at least according to Clint and Natasha) is that they tend to linger dominate his every waking thought until he fucks them.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Panty Kink
Professor Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
College-Age Bucky
Masturbation
Deaf Character
Deaf Culture
Sign Language
Sex Toys
Teacher-Student Relationship
Light Humiliation
Feminization
Public Sex
Dirty Talk
Porn With Plot
Fantasizing
Matt Murdock/Bucky Barnes
OMC/Bucky Barnes
Kink Negotiation
Enthusiastic Consent
Spanking
Edging
Orgasm Control
Bondage
hitachi magic wand
Brock Rumlow/Bucky Barnes
Master/Slave
Daddy/boy - Freeform
Dom/sub
Past Abuse
Gags
Puppy Play
inflatable toys
Milking
Heavy BDSM
Foreskin Play
Power Play
Impact Play
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Daddy Steve
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
24/7
Sounding
Aftercare
Recreational Drug Use
Phone Sex
Sensory Deprivation
Wax Play
Face Slapping
Cock Cages
Dry Humping
Falling In Love
Anal Fisting
Enemas
Felching
Age Difference
Diapers
Omorashi
E-stim
Safewords
Breathplay
Breeding Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Sam Wilson

