Work Text:
Brooklyn, NYSeptember 24, 1930
 
Dear Bucky,I hope you are well. My Ma insisted I wrote this to you, even though I told her you think it’s weird. She said I should thank you because that’s what polite people do, and that’s what you are to friends. I wouldn’t know, I didn’t have any before, but I always try to listen to my Ma because she’s usually right about these things. Except she called you James! But don’t worry, I told her you don’t like it when people call you that, and that since you introduced yourself as Bucky it’s only fair that’s what she should call you from now on. I hope that's okay. Anyway, thank you for earlier today. I still think you needn’t have bothered, that I didn’t need your help so much, but I still appreciate it.  Those guys are jerks but I’m used to dealing with them. I know they’re stupid cowards and that they just don’t like people who are smarter than they are, and that’s why they pick on me so much. My Ma keeps telling me that and she’s usually right about these things too.
 
I’m okay though. My eye is swollen but with some ice it will get back to normal soon, and there won’t be bruises in a couple of days. I’m still sore around the nose, but it’s not broken so I suppose I’m lucky.
 
I hope your knuckles stopped bleeding. I was thinking about Charlie’s face earlier and how funny it looked all purple and beaten up, and it made me laugh a little. I know it’s not funny, not really, and my Ma would not approve, but I can’t help it. Charlie is an idiot and he got what he deserved, and it was great to see how fast his friends ran away once you punched him in the face.
 
Anyway, I hope you like chocolate. Ma gave me some she brought back from the hospital and I thought I would share it with you. That’s what friends do, I think, right?
 
Thank you again, I’ll see you tomorrow.
 
Your friend,Steve

Brooklyn, NYSeptember 25, 1930

Dear Steve,
 
I was going to just talk to you the next time I saw you on the stoop, but my momma saw your letter when I had it out to read under the dinner table, and she said your ma was right and you got to write back when someone writes something like that to you. I don't like writing. I'm better at talking. My handwriting isn't as good as yours either, so I hope you can read this and it's not too smudged. How do you get your letters so straight?
 
Anyway, I'm supposed to thank you for your thank-you note, which I think's a bunch of bunk because at this rate you'll thank me for this letter and then I'll have to thank you back and we'll never get anywhere. So I'll just say the chocolate was good but it was a little crushed from when you shoved the letter under the front door. That's okay though, it made it easier to split up with my folks. They say thanks too. Now none of us got to say thanks again for any of this, because it's all finished.
 
My hands are fine. You don't have to worry about them, they've seen worse. Don't tell my momma I said that. If Charlie makes any more trouble and I'm not around, don't take a swing, just come find me. If I'm not home check the empty lot out back of the bakery on Clark Street. That's where me and some of the kids down the block go to practice ball sometimes. You should come. Charlie's never there and if he does show his ugly face, I'll fix it so it turns some more colors for you, all right?
 
Don't tell momma I said that either.
 
Listen, Steve, you don't got to ask me about being friends. Friends don't got to ask. Trust me.
 
Like I said, I don't like writing so I think I'm done now but I'll see you later down at the empty lot.
 
Your pal,Bucky

Brooklyn, NYMarch 10th 1931
 
Dear Bucky,
 
I know you don’t like letters but it’s your birthday today so pretend this is a birthday card and not a letter, okay? I even made you a drawing so you can pretend better. (I hope you like it. In case you can’t tell that is you playing ball. I tried drawing the others as well but I figured you wouldn’t find them as interesting as yourself. I didn’t.)
 
I asked my Ma to drop the card off on her way to work, and I will see you after school for sure, but I really wanted to wish you a happy birthday as soon as possible because birthdays are the best days. I like them so much! Ma always makes me a chocolate cake, even though my birthday is in July and chocolate in July melts very fast if you don’t have a icebox, but I usually eat it right away so that’s never been a problem before.
 
I shouldn’t tell you this because it’s supposed to be a surprise so try to act surprised later when me and Ma pass by your place, but we made you a cake too!It was fun making it; Ma taught me how to multiply the recipe's numbers to make it bigger, since we usually do it just for two but we thought your folks might like a piece of it as well.
 
Anyway Ma is ready to go so I have to cut the letter - sorry, the card - short and get ready for school.
 
I hope you will have a great day, I can’t wait for us to celebrate later. I saved up some and I’ll try to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Epistolary
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Unresolved Sexual Tension
mentions of potential polyamory
mentions of Bucky/others
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
mentions of canonical and historical violence
Domestic Fluff
Roommates
Hurt/Comfort
Masturbation
Walking In On Someone
Pre-War
World War II

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

