Work Text:
Sam can hear the fight before he's even stepped off the elevator. He almost wishes he hadn't come, but Steve had asked him to in that offhanded way of his that meant he was desperate. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood. We could catch up. Like it's normal to grab lunch at a noodle joint a few days after completing the most dangerous mission in history: the recovery of the Winter Soldier.Another crash, this time metal hitting metal. At least Steve ducked, Sam thinks as he sips his Big Gulp and ambles toward the noise. He knows there's no handbook on How to Deal After 70 Years on Ice, but surely there's a better way than this.But he will not say I Told You So. He will not raise his eyebrow at Captain America and muse aloud, "Didn't someone say we shouldn't bring the traumatized amnesiac to live with you in Midtown? I could've sworn someone said that." Sam Wilson won't bother. The fact is, the mess is here on their doorstep (or Stark's, to be more accurate), and it needs fixing, not finger-pointing. A gravelly voice is raised, which means Barnes is speaking today. Interesting. Sam cocks his head to listen outside the door. It's the bedroom Steve had given to his guest, blank and white. Sam won't mention how he warned against that either.The explosive string of rough foreign syllables is cut off by another frustrated voice: "Damn it, Buck, I told you! My Russian's rusty, you got to stick to English!" Sam doesn't speak it either, but it seems pretty clear that Barnes' answer translates to something like Fuck your English.Another slam, this time a meaty one. The walls shake. Sam finishes off his Pepsi, swirls the straw around in the melting ice. No rush, he's got no death wish."We can try it in French." Steve is pleading now. Sam imagines that his face would be red, if he could see it. "Remember when you taught me French, Buck? Remember how awful mine is compared to yours?"More Russian comes in a deluge. Sam's about ready to step inside and get between them now, but before he can open the door, Steve shouts, "I can't understand you like this!" And Barnes responds by putting him through the plaster. So there's no point to the door anymore, really. _________________ Sam’s hand closes around his shoulder. Steve doesn’t have to look up from his contemplation of the plush carpeting of the living room to know there’s a grimace on his face. He slumps, dejected, his hands clasped between his knees. Plaster dust flakes off him as he breathes."Want to take a big step back for just a second?" Sam asks. "Let me give it a shot?"Steve wants to ask him what exactly it is: Attempting to communicate with his long lost best friend? Fixing the wall they just busted? Forcing Bucky to sit down for three minutes without lashing out in awful, pinpointed rage? "He’s my—" Steve shakes his head. He’s looking for a word for Bucky that doesn’t exist. "My responsibility," he says, for lack of anything closer.Sam sits down on the coffee table opposite him. Stark’s weird modern furniture can take the strain, of course. "Let me tell you something about lizards," he begins."Sam." Steve sighs and rubs his fingertips into the sockets of his tired eyes. He doesn’t need another pep talk, if that’s what this is."Shut your mouth and listen to me." Sam waits a beat. Stares him down until Steve finally throws his hands up in defeat and leans back into the too-soft sofa, arms crossed on his chest. "Like I was saying. Lizards," Sam says. He knots his fingers together, a mirror of Steve’s previous posture. “When I was a kid, we’d go visit my Nana down in Florida. You been?” Steve shakes his head. "Well, Nana had this little shotgun house down there and on the stone pavers, you know, leading up to the front door there’d be these lizards, right? Dozens of them, all lined up to soak up the sun. ‘Bout this big." He held his thumb and forefinger four inches apart. "Greeny brown. And I loved chasing them." Steve’s brain tries to make the connection between this story and Bucky’s, while at the same time imagining the scene Sam paints. A hot walkway shimmering in the heat, awash in sunshine, a small Sam Wilson on his hands and knees, chasing lizards. "Now, they were fast," Sam says. "I was a real mover, even at four years old, but it still took some time for me to catch them. More often than not I’d only grab the tip of their tail and it’d break off. Wriggle there in my hand for a few minutes before it finally stopped, and the lizard would get away." He pulled a face. "Nana said their tails grew back, so I figured, what’s the harm? And I kept chasing them."Steve’s heart sinks. He doesn’t want to hear the rest, can’t stand to think about animals hurting, even little pesky ones. Sam gives him a knowing look. “Proud as hell when I finally managed to catch one. Got it all cupped up in my hands.” He shapes his palms around an invisible orb to demonstrate. “Ran to show my Nana and my sister. Shouting, look what I did, look what I did!” His hands open, splay
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
OT3
Polyamory
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
recovering bucky
Domestic
Roommates
mentions of a lizard being hurt
Bottom Steve Rogers
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome
Canon-Typical Violence
Memory Loss
Spitroasting
Wet & Messy
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

