Chapter 1: Tony Makes Peter Breakfast
    




Chapter Text
"That was so cool, Mr Stark," Peter gushes enthusiastically, as the two of them step out of the elevator into the penthouse at the top of Star Tower. Tony nods, machinery already reaching out of the walls to carefully dissemble his Iron Man get up and retract again; disappearing back into the sleek, modern layout of his home. Peter, meanwhile, tugs off his mask; revealing his mussed hair and bright eyes as he continues on at a mile-a-minute: "I mean, Captain America! And-and did you see that guy with the metal arm? That was so cool. And this suit-" he makes a little yelp of delight as he looks down at himself, and his smile is so blinding that Tony feels warmth curl in his heart. "-This suit is amazing, no, no it's perfect! It's better than perfect, it's the best suit in the whole world, Mr Stark." 
Christ. And that suit isn't even the metal-embellished one he has hidden away. He can hardly imagine the kid's face when he's finally earned that one. The way they'll match; side by side. He pours himself some scotch and watches as Peter continues to pace; still radiating energy even after their big battle. Tony, on the other hand, aches. He's tired and he wants to go to bed but there's something catching about the kid's enthusiasm. About his bright eyed and adoring puppy-dog face. "You did good, kid," he says, nodding approvingly, and wants to laugh at the way Peter nearly trips over his feet as he spins around so quickly. 
"Really?" He asks, voice high-pitched and flushed pink with the praise as he lights up. "Thank you, Mr Stark! I mean, I just wanted to do a good job, to-to-impress you, you know?" 
Tony likes that a lot. But he doesn't think it would take much for Peter to impress him. He'd been impressed the second he'd seen the video of the kid, even more impressed when he'd found out that he was lost in the foster system. It had been so easy to just pluck up the fifteen year old and drop him into Tony's life like he belonged there. Maybe Tony was a saint or something in some previous life, because for the boy to have no other family, to have superpowers, to be beautiful, and to have this infatuated adoration with Iron Man was...a little too good to be true. "Get changed, get some rest." He says, shoving his glass into the sink. 
Peter shakes his head effusively, "I'm not tired!" He exclaims in a way that sounds suspiciously like a whine. It makes him seem even younger than the already outrageously young fifteen. Tony tries not to dwell on how much he likes the sound. "Can't I stay up a little bit? Please, Mr Stark?" An idea sparks in his head, obvious from the way his lips tilt up. The kid should never, ever play poker, "can I work in the lab for a while?" The older man's surprised he can't actually see his tongue lolling out. The boy really is a puppy-dog. Down boy, he grumbles to his twitching dick, which seems to perk up at the idea of Peter humping his leg. 
Tony resists the urge to pinch the bridge of his nose, but he nods. "Alright. FRIDAY, keep an eye out, will you?" 

"Yes, Sir." 

"And Pete- get changed, alright? And don't stay up too late." He wrinkles his nose in distaste at what's just come out of his mouth. "I sound like a dad." He grumbles, but Peter just laughs, pressing the front of his suit as he practically skips towards one of the guest bedrooms where he's been set up. The material decompresses and enlarges all around him, slipping off his shoulders and leaving Tony with the most tempting, frustrating view of his cream, leanly muscled back and just the very top of his plump ass, before he's around the corner. Goddamn tease. He grits his teeth and retires to his bed. 
...
...
...
To add to his never-ending list of qualities, the boy is smart as a whip. 
Tony had known it the moment he'd seen the kid's bedroom in the foster home- old computers working much faster than they should have, an outdated phone using non-compatible software- and when the kid was in his lab. It's like watching a young Tony. Albeit, less surly and inwardly-devasted. Tony's always been a bit of a narcissist, so as he watches FRIDAY's footage of Peter in the lab last night over breakfast, he's not surprised by how his blood runs a little hotter at the sight. 
Peter bowed over the table, his fingers nimbly working on restoring some old walkman, his eyebrows furrowed in concentration and his dark hair in his eyes. He almost looks like he could be Tony's son, which is...problematic and useful at the same time. He's certain a large number of the public think they are father and son, which is a double edged sword really. He tries not to think about it. Instead, he thinks about the sounds Peter might make once he's strung out and lying docile like a good boy, as Tony rams into him again and again and again-
"M'str Stark?" Comes a sleep voice wrapped around a yawn, and Tony shuts down the feed and goes back to eating his cereal with a put on nonchalance that anyone 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
sugar daddy tony
Sugar Baby Peter
Age Difference
Smut
Fluff
Protective Tony
Possessive Tony
Jealous Tony
Everybody loves Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
and a dick
that's huge
tony spoiling peter
Bottom Peter
Top Tony
Overstimulation
Praise Kink
Daddy Kink
Starker
Happy Ending
rich tony
adoring peter parker
Mr stark
everybody wants peter
but peter only wants tony
if tony could stop beating
everyone who looks at peter to a bloody pulp
maybe peter could tell him that
Ironspider - Freeform
spiderman - Freeform
Iron Man - Freeform
Superheroes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

