Work Text:
Bucky wakes up in the hospital, and he lies very still for a moment, cataloging his surroundings. There's a window to his right with a ledge that has a pigeon on it. He can hear voices outside the room, talking about charts and shift changes and what is happening on the weekend. Captain America's shield is propped up against the wall where he can see it. Captain America himself is slumped in a chair beside Bucky's bed, cheek mashed up against the sheets and rough blanket covering Bucky. His hair is all messed up and he's going to have sheet marks on his face.  Bucky lifts his flesh hand and clumsily half-pats, half-strokes Steve's hair. Steve stirs and blinks. He lifts his head and gives Bucky a sweet, drowsy smile. He reaches up and captures Bucky's hand, pulling it to his cheek and settling down again with Bucky's hand for his pillow. Bucky closes his eyes again and drifts off, not quite sleeping, just concentrating on the sound of Steve's steady breathing and the faint strong tick of his pulse under Bucky's hand.Bucky knows it's going to be a bad one when Steve wakes up again, lifts his head up from the side of Bucky's fancy electric hospital bed, and says, "Now don't get mad until I explain." His voice has the tone that had meant he'd got into another fight and had two black eyes, or found a HYDRA nest and accidentally forgotten to tell Bucky or the other Howlies that he was going in to clear it out, or that he'd met a stray dog on the way home from the store and given it his share of meat for supper and was planning to eat boiled potatoes and stale bread, while expecting Bucky to eat his own share of the meat as if it didn't choke him. "Why don't you tell me what you did first," says Bucky. He tries to sit up, winces, and Steve picks up the control lying on the bed and raises the head of the bed up. It's evening, just at the time that Steve had always particularly liked to paint. The light is soft and golden as it comes through the window and lays softly on the brightness of Steve's hair. On the wall opposite to him is one of those big whiteboard things that has the date and his location and the name of the doctors and nurses. Of course it could be a front, but Steve has drawn a picture of Captain Monkey anxiously putting a cloth on the fevered brow of Bucky Bear, who is lying on a bed with a thermometer sticking out of his mouth in a blank spot of the board. It looks like it's a couple shifts old; the staff have been trying not to erase it but the edges are a little flaked off. Bucky wonders what they're going to do with it after he gets sprung from the joint. Probably laminate it. "Are you sure you don't want anything to eat first?" says Steve, which means it's worse than usual. "They have lemon jello. And rice pudding." Bucky says, "I'm not eating hospital pudding." It's unpleasantly reminiscent of army pudding, for one thing. For another, there had been a period of several months when Bucky was only allowed soft foods because his digestive system was totally fucked up from seventy years of being frozen and thawed and living on whatever nutrient goop the Soviets and HYDRA chose to intubate, and then surviving on day old hamburgers from dumpsters. Bucky still can't look at bananas. Steve fidgets like he wants to offer to run to a bodega and buy Bucky rice pudding. "Steve," says Bucky. "Spit it out, pal."Steve clears his throat. "Remember when we were ten and you wanted to propose to Anella Rosetti?""Yes," says Bucky."And you got a crackerjack ring and tried to practice on me?""Yes," says Bucky. "They don't have real prizes in Cracker Jacks any more," says Steve. "Just these little paper things, like puzzles or stickers.""Focus, Rogers," says Bucky. His head hurts. He wants Steve to confess and then go get him a pretty nurse, and then for the pretty nurse to give him the best of whatever modern medicine has to offer in the way of knockout pills. "And you remember when you went to Basic and you gave me your ma's ring to pawn in case I needed money? And you were trying to make me laugh so you put it on my hand like I was a dame and told me I'd made you the happiest man alive?""Yes," says Bucky warily. He remembers giving Steve the ring. Steve had been so skinny that the ring fit perfectly on his hand. Steve had taken it off right away and called him a jerk. Even in their area of Brooklyn a guy wearing a woman's ring would have got some funny looks, but it had looked real nice. The dull gleam of the gold against Steve's skin made his hand look classy, not just bony. Bucky still didn't think his ma would have minded him giving Steve the ring. She'd liked Steve. Everybody had liked Steve."So I kept the crackerjack ring, and you know I'd never sell your ma's ring," says Steve, earnestly. "And it turns out they're real strict these days about who they let visit people in the hospital and talk to doctors.""I gave you that ring to sell if you needed it," says Bucky, and takes a deep breath in before 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Marriage of Convenience
Marriage Proposal
Same-Sex Marriage
Idiots in Love
Hospitals
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

