Chapter 1: Where It Begins
    




Chapter Text
Antonia Stark was born the same way she lived most of her life; grasping the attention of everyone in the room with just one action. She was born in a private hospital room on a late spring day with her father pacing nervously outside and her mother inside the room. The room was bright around her and she cried out, begging for attention and the love of her family. The world was set ablaze with just one action, and the world will never more be the same.
Howard entered the room after it all was done, and saw his wife lying on the bed, exhausted from childbirth and frowned as he looked around the room.
“Where’s my son?” he asked gruffly and the nurse in the room came over, holding a small bundle in her arms as she placed it into his. It was the first time he’d ever held a child, and he knew it would be the last time. That’s what they had Ana and Jarvis for; they could take care of all that while he was out doing more important things.
“It’s a girl, Mr Stark,” the nurse said meekly as she uncovered his daughter’s face slightly. He frowned once more looking down at the tiny girl in his arms. He needed a son; a son who would take over Stark Industries, who would continue to build weapons and change the world. A son who would continue his search for Steve Rogers until his body was found. His legacy needed a son to take it over. And instead he was given a daughter.
What good was a girl when the world was run by men?
“Take her back,” Howard said in a huff as he handed the girl off to a nurse and existed the room. He needed a drink, not to be around any of this any longer. He needed to get out of this room, out of all this stuffiness, and the cries from around him as his daughter was carted off to another room to be cared for. They didn’t need him, not when a daughter was no use to him.
“How’s the boy looking?” Obadiah asked him with a grin as he waited outside the hospital room, holding a bear in his hand for the son he didn’t end up having.
“It’s a girl,” Howard breathed out loud with a sigh and Obadiah’s smile slipped off his face just as quickly as the words left his lips. “What use do I have for a daughter?”
“Maria is still young; there’s still time,” Obadiah said giving him a sympathetic smile. Easy for him to say; his wife had already given him two sons. And his own wife had barely been able to carry one child to full term. The chances of her having another child after this was rare, and they both knew it far too well.
“Let’s get out of here,” Howard said with a shake of his head, wanting to drop the subject. “I need a drink. And then I need to get back to work. If I cannot have a son to take on my legacy, then at least I want to make sure my legacy will remain strong after I am gone.”
“Of course, Howard,” Obadiah obliged, dropping the bear on the chair of the hospital, as he turned to leave.
“Sir?” Jarvis asked as he came to the hospital holding flowers intended for Maria. “Has the child been born?”
“Yes,” Howard breathed, “A daughter. Take care of them, will you, J? I need to step out for a bit.”
“Very well, Sir,” Jarvis said, and Howard could hear the disapproval was clear in his tone, but he didn’t care. He needed to get out of the hospital. It was just another way he had failed. He had failed to bring Steve Rogers home. Failed to give Peggy a body to grieve over. Failed to recreate the serum. And failed to have a son to carry on his legacy when he died. Perhaps this was what his legacy truly was. That no matter what he built or what he accomplished, he would only ever be defined by his failures.
If he couldn’t have a son to take over his legacy, then he would be damned if he died without anything. Steve Rogers would become his legacy. He would be remembered for the work he did on Project Rebirth and he would recreate the serum, one way or another. Blast Carter for dumping the vial of blood that they had of Steve. It was his best shot at reproducing something which had been his greatest feat.
But none of that would matter if they recovered Roger’s body. Then he could take as many samples as he needed. He could change the world.
And he could finally lay his friend to rest. His friend, a hero, who had died saving the world, and lay in the middle of the ocean.
“Obadiah,” Howard said, on the way to the car. His friend looked up at him, curious to see what he wanted to say, and he continued, “I want to increase funding into Project Valkyrie. I want to find that plane and Steve’s body, one way or another. He will be my legacy. He will be what I leave behind in this world.”
Obadiah smiled and nodded in approval, clearly understanding where he was coming from. Besides, it would be good for Stark Industries if they were able to recreate the serum.
He might have a daughter, but he would still leave behind a legacy worth remembering.

 
Antonia Stark was four years old when it finally clicked in her head.
She’d known that her father has always looked at her in anger for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Child Abuse
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
BAMF Peggy Carter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
More tags to be added
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Aunt Peggy Carter
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

