Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve pulls up short as he steps into the conference room. Seated with Tony are two people that he knows fairly well and three complete strangers. All three strangers are blonde and blue eyed and two of them are female. The only male of the trio looks large, even seated. His blonde hair brushes his broad shoulders as he tilts his head at Steve and his team. He wears a black leather jacket, a black t-shirt, and black jeans, paired with black motorcycle boots. His skin is pale, almost abnormally so, but there’s a slight gold sheen to it. One of the blonde women is standing up, just behind and to the left of the man, leaning against his chair in a casual move while still looking as if she’s posing. She’s tall, close to the same height as Sam is but her boots cause her to be a few inches taller. Her long blonde hair is parted straight down the middle and falls in loose waves down her back and over her chest. She’s dressed in a bubblegum pink leather jacket, a black t-shirt, black skinny jeans and bubblegum pink leather boots that came up to her knees. The other blonde woman is sitting next to the large man, her hair pulled back into a ponytail. She’s dressed more simply in a white sundress that’s covered in pink lace flowers. She looks sweet and innocent, especially compared to the two blondes with her. But her fingers are laced together with the big blonde man’s fingers where their hands rest on the table. So, maybe she’s not as sweet and innocent as she appears. After all, the large man and tall woman practically scream danger. “Okay, now that you’re here, can everyone take a seat?” Pepper asks as she stands up from the head of the table and motions to the chairs on the opposite side of the table from Tony. “What about her?” Clint finally speaks up as Steve and his team sit down. He looks to see that Clint is motioning towards the tall woman who has yet to take a seat. Pepper looks at the other woman and then back at Clint. “Miss de Beaufort is here for security purposes. If she sits at the table, it could impede her response time.” The three blondes smirk at Pepper’s words but Clint scoffs and rolls his eyes. “Security? If she’s here for security then sitting down shouldn’t impede her response time. Unless she’s not that good at her job.” “Pamela.” The large man says in a deep and gravelly voice. “Versace.” “Yes, Master. I remember.” The woman, apparently Pamela de Beaufort, answers and it confuses Steve. Are they speaking in code? They must be. And ‘Master’? What’s that about? “Now, on to business.” Pepper says as she clears her throat and Steve notices the laminated folders in her hands. She starts separating them and passing them around as she calls out each of Steve’s teams names. “This is the new code of conduct for the Avengers Initiative. It includes ways to conduct yourself in many different settings including but not limited to press conferences, charity events, and missions.” “Wait, if this is an Avengers meeting then shouldn’t only Avengers be present?” Steve asks, wondering why they’re dealing with private issues in view of people that it doesn’t concern. “And that’s precisely what’s happening with the exception that the majority of the Avengers teams couldn’t be present due to other obligations.” Pepper says with a politely blank expression on her face. “What does that mean?” Clint asks in a slightly raised tone. “You seriously added unqualified strangers to the Avengers without consulting the leader or any of us?” “You’re either very brave or very stupid but I will assume that whatever backwoods education you received did not teach you to read.” Pamela says in a bored tone, her expression reflecting the tone. “Because if you could read, then you would have read the papers you signed before returning to the US and known that the Avengers have greatly expanded.” “Who do you think you’re talking to?” Clint asks harshly, pushing away from the table and leaning towards the woman in an intimidating stance. She looks him up and down slowly, her expression still bored, before looking down at her fingernails as if she’s completely unimpressed. “That’s enough, Mr. Barton.” Pepper says in a hard, sharp tone. “I might not condone unnecessary violence, but I think severe annoyance is more than justified and you are greatly annoying Miss de Beaufort. You do not want to annoy Miss de Beaufort.” “Oh, yeah? And why is that?” Clint asks, glancing at Pepper with a glare. The blonde man lets go of the other woman’s hand as he stands up slowly. He’s even larger than Steve had originally estimated. Even taller than Thor, which is saying something. “Because, if you annoy Pam, you annoy me. And you do not want to annoy me because I do condone violence. In fact, I revel in it.” The man’s voice is a deep growl but his face remains empty and stoic. Pamela is smirking behind him and Steve gives her the disappointed look he’s had to use often on Tony. “I’m not scared of you.” Clint hisses and the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eric Northman/Sookie Stackhouse
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Clary Fray/Jace Wayland
Magnus Bane/Alec Lightwood
Simon Lewis/Isabelle Lightwood
Hoyt Fortenberry/Jessica Hamby

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
bamf eric northman
BAMF Pam Swynford De Beaufort
BAMF Sookie Stackhouse
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
BAMF Pepper Potts
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
salty everyone
Team as Family
Not Canon Compliant
no vampire politics
just vampires being vampires
Werewolves
BAMF Lydia Martin
Banshee Lydia Martin
BAMF Stiles
Always Female Stiles Stilinski
slight Natasha Romanov redemption
Sam Wilson Redemption
BAMF Mazikeen (Lucifer TV)
BAMF Lucifer

fandom: 
Eric Northman/Sookie Stackhouse
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Clary Fray/Jace Wayland
Magnus Bane/Alec Lightwood
Simon Lewis/Isabelle Lightwood
Hoyt Fortenberry/Jessica Hamby

