Chapter 1: You Can Leave Your Cape On
    




Chapter Text


Tony's eighteen and on his knees with a stranger's hard hand in his hair and everything in a pretty halo of smeared light when he first meets the Batman. One second, Tony's pulling desperately against the silk ropes binding his wrists, snaking in intricate effective patterns up his arms, looping his throat—silk because Tony's an expensive commodity and that makes him laugh and laugh—the next, the man who paid good money for Tony, the man with a million-dollar smile and an expensive suit, designer shades—shades; shades indoors, what a douche—is gone, out of Tony's vision just...vanished. Tony's scalp stings. Tony thinks the man took a handful of hair with him, wherever he went. Then the Batman looms over him, grim and all in black, like a living shadow sucking the light out of the room. Tony tries to focus on him, really tries, tries to understand what's going on, but he hasn't felt right for...days? For a while. Tony has a decent knowledge of drugs, mostly recently acquired, but they gave him a cocktail and though he's tried to figure out what was in it because then maybe he could counter it, maybe he could escape, he hasn't had much success, hasn't been thinking straight for...for days, weeks, maybe almost a year. Not since... Tony shies away from memories of rain, of sharp, glittering displays of wealth, of problems a whole ocean away and flinches back when the Batman reaches out a spiky black gauntlet because Tony doesn't know the Batman from Adam and the Batman is terrifying, the hulking form of a demon, gargoyle, monster from under the bed when you don't know that he's on your side. Later, Tony would come to learn that the Batman could be intimidating even when he was obviously an ally. At the moment, though, Tony only barely manages to hold onto the fragments of his conscious not intent on freaking the fuck out and descending into trippy drugged-up madness, and only because the Batman hesitates, the tight line of his mouth wavering or maybe that's just Tony's eyesight going. "Tony," the Batman says, rough and low. That voice, that voice melts warmth down Tony's spine, fills the hollow spaces between his bones, speaks of home home home in a way that Tony's not heard in years.Bruce, Tony thinks, but what he says is, "You're wearing a cape," and then he laughs and can't stop, even when he feels like he might throw up or start crying. ~~~~~~~~~~ Tony's three and sitting under a stone bench in a garden that seems bigger than the whole world the first time he meets Bruce Wayne. He's sketching absently in the dirt, chewing on a galvanized copper gear bigger than his fist. His parents brought him here with his nanny, one more party in a string of parties, each one full of sparkle and high heels and silk ties that Tony's not to touch. It's hot, but the big fountain is fascinating and the shadow under the bench is cool. Tony hasn't seen anyone he knows for a while, hasn't seen anyone for a while, in fact, but he's used to being alone, so that doesn't upset him, much. Tony doesn't hear Bruce's approach, but he can't miss when the boy sticks his face in Tony's face, upside down because Bruce has somehow managed to climb on top of the bench without Tony noticing. "Hey," Bruce says, loud in the relative quiet. "Hey, what are you doing under there?" That's a very complicated question. Tony's not sure he has the words to answer. So he holds up his teething gear and then points to the fountain. These are the two things occupying his time, right now. "Are you lost? Aren't you afraid?" Tony thinks seriously about this, and then shakes his head. Tony's more afraid of the big-person-lady who's supposed to take care of him than he is of being here by himself in a strange place. Bruce doesn't seem to take his answer at face value, though, his face scrunching into a serious expression. "Come with me; I'll show you how to get back. It'll be okay. I'll protect you. Keep you safe."Safe is a word Tony's heard before, but hasn't attached much meaning to. He thinks it would be better if he stayed here where things are quiet and there are no big-people. He shakes his head again and scrunches his own face into something he'll later know to be stubbornness. Bruce considers him, black hair a fringe pointing straight toward the ground. Tony wants to put his fingers in it, but he knows better than to touch without permission. "Don't wanna, huh? Okay." Bruce flops back on the bench, seeming ready to settle in for the long haul. "I'll stay with you." Something in Tony loosens, feels immediately better when he realizes the other boy isn't leaving. "My name's Bruce." To this, Tony has an ingrained response. "Anthony Edward Stark. Pleased to meet you." Blue eyes fringed with think lashes peer at Tony over the edge of the bench. "That's a big name. For a little guy. How old are you?" "Three and a half." And he holds up the correct number of fingers to prove it. The half finger is tr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Canonical Character Death
depressed thoughts
Fluff and Angst
Childhood Friends

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

