Work Text:
“Sweetheart, you're doing it again,” Tony chastised gently.Peter took a deep but shaky breath, intentionally relaxing his muscles. He was seated on Tony's lap, in the small little kitchenette. In front of him on the table, his textbook had been open on the same page for the last thirty minutes. The worksheet next to it was barely filled in.His concentration was shot and it was thanks to the man with him. The man that was currently balls deep inside his ass.Peter's cock twitched, a reminder that there were other, more enjoyable things they could be doing. But Tony had been adamantly refusing to do anything with him until he finished his work.Peter had made a bet.“I can't concentrate with you just there, sir,” Peter had complained earlier.“I can always leave,” Tony suggested, “If you're busy, you shouldn't have told me to come over.”“No!” Peter immediately rejected the thought. Their schedules were always so hectic and it was difficult to meet up sometimes. And Peter having the apartment all to himself? He hadn't wanted to waste the chance.“You should just let me have it,” Peter told him, “Maybe… Maybe if you give it to me, I won't be so distracted cause…”“Baby,” Tony said with a teasing smile, “I think me fucking you while you're trying to concentrate is the last thing you need.”“Not… Not fucking, but like– Maybe just keeping it inside me?” Peter suggested.“You want to try cockwarming,” Tony said with an arch of his brow.Peter's face grew so warm but he bit his lip and nodded, eyes defiant with barely concealed want.“I can handle it,” Peter said, already pressing close to the older man. “Please… Let me try? And this way you get something out of it too. Please, daddy?”Tony had always found it difficult to resist Peter when he actually begged so the older man agreed with some reluctance. He didn't let Peter touch him though.“Too much of a risk for distractions,” Tony said when he took his cock out. Peter's eyes had gone straight to it, his lips parted and ready to fall to his knees.Tony's eyes darkened, watching him as a large, calloused hand stroked his cock to full hardness. “You sure you wanna take this bet, kid?”Peter couldn't even speak, just nodded a little too fast.“Fine, give me the lube.”And that was how Peter ended up in this most delicious torture.The initial burn of Tony's cock stretching him open was well worth any promise he made. The deal was to continue working, to finish up his assignment with as little mistakes as possible. Tony's chest pressed against his back, the older man's Stark pad propped up just beyond Peter's assignments.Tony's screen was split into different partitions, each window showing schematics and documents, but Peter scarcely noticed. He could barely pay attention to his own work, let alone try to peek at what Tony was looking at.He couldn't help playing with it, testing the older man's reserves. Tony's cock filled him up just right… Just the right size and thickness. The girth was just wide enough that Peter still struggled to take it every time. That first thrust always left him breathless, his hole protesting at the stretch. But once he got used to being so open, it felt glorious. Amazing.And the way Tony's cock felt when he was actually fucking Peter with it… The boy could just drool thinking about how good it'd feel once he got the stupid assignment done.It felt amazing to be so full of his lover's cock. His hand snuck down from the table, pressing against his lower stomach. He had to bite his lip because he knew Tony's cock was right… there… His muscles tensed, squeezing down on the thick column of flesh inside him. Knowing that Tony would reprimand him again, Peter gave up and shuddered. Just the minuscule amount of friction he got from the movement felt good...“Oh–!” Peter gasped when Tony gave him a rough jerk or his hips. It was fast and sudden, the older man barely withdrawing before shoving back in.Peter saw stars and he immediately squirmed, wanting more. He whimpered when Tony swatted his thigh. The sudden sting surprised him more than it hurt.When Tony leaned forward, his cock shifted inside him. Peter's chin dropped to his chest, breathing ragged when it brushed against his sensitive insides. His grip tightened on the pencil in his hand, the wood creaking beneath his fingers.“Baby… You've only done two problems,” Tony whispered in his ear. The hot puff of air was the last straw and Peter dropped the pencil. He leaned back against Tony's embrace, an arm curving around the older man's neck.“Mm… Can you fuck me a little?” Peter asked breathlessly. His hips were already shifting in place, his sensitive hole squeezing tight around Tony's cock. “Just a little… I just need a little...”The warm, amused chuckle gave him hope that Tony would, but no, the older man was merciless. He placed another pencil in Peter's hand, intentionally dragging his limp hand back to the unanswered sheet.“That's for later, kid,” Tony whispered in his ear. “How about you be the g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Cock Warming
Dirty Talk
Breeding
Daddy Kink
Barebacking
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

