Chapter 1: Peter Parker
    




Chapter Text
Tony looked at the wreckage of the village. He’d been too late. He had been Iron Man for three years now, and he thought all Stark Industries weapons had been destroyed as he had ordered then. Obviously, he was wrong. The village in the middle-east, not so far from that cave where he first became Iron-Man, was in shambles. But more than that, everyone had died. Every single civilian, and he hadn’t been able to help.
	“Jarvis”, he called, “thermal scan.”
There was nothing. Nothing but ruins, and the sharp beating of his own heart. Proof that Tony Stark has a heart, ha. What a joke. Suddenly, a red dot appeared on his screen and he blinked. Did he hallucinate? Jarvis scanned the place again when he asked, and his heart started to beat faster when he realized there was really a red dot on his screen. Someone, hopefully. He went to the dot as far as he could, bursting into the collapsed house. The warmth came from under a pile of rubbles, a pair of bloody legs sticking out from it. He pushed the rubble aside as quick as he could, heart beating faster and faster until…
  The couple was snuggled together, bodies crushed from the weight of the stones and beams, and very obviously dead. Yet, there was a warmth… Carefully, as respectfully as he could, he pried them apart. They were protecting something. The warmth. He let out a gasp when the child appeared, grey with dust but alive. God, he was alive. He was just a baby, really – maybe three months tops, nothing more.
  He opened his warm brown eyes and stared back at Tony. The man stared, feeling something awakening and welling up inside of him, something he had never felt before. Slowly, he took the child from his parents embrace. There was a silver curb around his small wrist.
	“Well, hello, Peter Parker. I’m Tony Stark. Pleased to meet you.”
*
It all started well before that event, though. In fact, everything started before Tony Stark’s birth and conception. It started before his parents met. Everything started the day Captain America, National symbol and hero, died.
  The worst was that at that time, no one realized what had happened. Steve Rogers had crashed his plane to save America from Hydra’s missiles after getting rid of Red Skull. Something, though, something had happened the moment Red Skull seized the Cube, which would later be known as “Tesseract”. Something no one could have foreseen. A very specific, weightless chemical was released in the atmosphere.
  It took some time more before anyone realized something was happening. It started with an unexplained rise of miscarriages, followed by an epidemic even the most brilliant scientists were unable to explain or stop. In the span of ten years, there was not a male Omega left alive, and none born to replace them.
  Humanity wasn’t lost though, as plenty of Omega woman remained, and soon life resumed. Male Omegas became a thing of the past, close to a legend. The knowledge of their unique psychology and biology, now obsolete, was classed and eventually forgotten. A new humanity rose.
 
	It was in that world, in May 29, 1970, that Anthony Edward Stark was born, to Howard and Maria Stark. They were both of a generation that yet remembered Omegas, and as joyful as Tony’s birth was, it was also a miracle in itself – for Tony was born an Omega. The first in thirty-five years. Unique, more unique than even them could know. And so, they did the only thing they could think of to protect him: they hid his status, until he was old enough to decided by himself what he wanted to do.
  Tony had obviously inherited his father’s genius, and he was barely twelve when he conceived what he called “The Patch”. The Patch was an inhibitor and a simulator, that allowed him to pass for an Alpha by suppressing his natural scent and creating a new one. He was determined to never let the world know of his condition, playing the part of the billionaire womanizer. Only one knew who, or rather, what, he really was: his friend and assistant, Pepper Potts.
  Eventually, he became Iron Man, which he thought would be the most major change in his life. He was, however, wrong. The most major change was yet to come.
*
	“Tony? Tony are you back?” Pepper called as she climbed down the stairs to the lab. “Tony, I’m so sorry, I got the news from Rhodes…”
  Slowly, she made her way through the lab, to where she could see Tony’s legs sticking out on the floor. He was sitting on the floor once again, instead of using his desk-chair like a normal human being.
	“Tony?” she asked again as she closed in on his position.	“Shh, Miss Potts, you’ll wake him up”, the man whispered without looking up to her.	“Wake… Oh my God”, Pepper gasped when she finally was able to see the baby tucked against Tony. “What are you doing with a baby? Where did you even pick him up?”	“In the village”, Tony replied. “He was the only one left alive.”	“I will contact social services”, Pepper said, “I’m sure they will find him a nice
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Adopted Peter Parker
Omega Verse
Avengers Family
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Kid Peter Parker
Background Relationships
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Dialogue
Major Character Injury
Eventual Happy Ending
Tony-centric
Explicit Sexual Content
Past Relationship(s)
Fluff and Angst
Feels
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
m-preg
Slow Burn
Miscarriage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

