Work Text:
Autumn is sweeping away the heat of summer, bringing with it the crisp scent of harvest. Charles places both hands on his belly and smiles at the thought of little hooves gracing the den in just a little while. Soon, his mind whispers. Soon. He had been to Emma’s cozy little home just this morning and she was similarly swollen—just as far along as Charles was and grumpier about the aches and pains from it.“I don’t see why you’re in such a temper, my dear,” Charles had told her. “Think how wonderful it will be once the little one comes along.”“Ah, Charles, as if I could feel anymore disgusted with the world. Have you always been in such good spirits?”“Just since I got my satyr to fuck the bad ones out of me.”The glib reply worked. Emma broke into peals of laughter, and Charles smiled as he deftly looped the last of the summer blooms together into a makeshift crown. “Never change, darling.”“Of course, dear Emma.” It was his favorite thing about her. She had a crass sense of humor for all that she looked so fine and faun.Unfortunately, her good temper only lasted up until her teats began to overflow with milk, dripping down her belly. “Ugh, just look at this,” she scoffed, weighing one heavy breast on hand and letting it fall back down. “Does it ever bother you?”Charles flushed, remembering the last time his mate had attended to him with soft, slick strokes of his tongue and powerful sucks. He’d been aching all day and absentmindedly squeezing beads of watery fluid out of his nipples, and Erik had practically salivated. “Erik likes it.”“Of course he does,” she murmured dryly, wiping herself down with a soft cloth. “Scott frets, and it’s such a bore.”“Is it really?”“I can’t stand to let him touch me,” Emma said. “And he irritates me when he tidbits. So at the end of the day we’re always headbutting.”“I’m sure he just wants what’s best for you.”“I don’t doubt that,” Emma sighed, reaching over to grasp Charles’ hand. “I’m glad you haven’t tired of me yet, dear.”“I’ve known you since we were yearlings and I’ll know you ‘til we’re dried up little nannies bleating abuse on our mates.”“Shame on your mouth!” She had laughed, Charles playfully bumping her shoulder with his.Thinking about this morning is making his chest ache once more. Erik had tried to explain the appeal of a milking doe, how it smelled like sweetness and home, but the satyr had only ended up nuzzling and scenting, his words lost in Charles’ fragrant skin. It wasn’t until Charles had been to Emma’s that he’d understood. It was erotic, the vision of a faun flushed and round, practically dripping with fecundity. Her milk did smell sweet, like Erik said, but it was mild and Charles still has no idea what it is about it that drives Erik mad.No matter. Perhaps it’s one of Erik’s stranger quirks. Charles lies on the bedding in the corner and tries not to leak through the cloths, but it’s so difficult when his stomach feels so heavy and his body so cumbersome. He thinks he might be carrying more than one kid. Twins are fine, and triplets are common. Quadruplets aren’t unheard of, but Charles hopes that he won’t have more kids than he can nurse at one time.He’s glad to be home. After his visit to Emma, he’d chanced upon an unmated satyr that bared his teeth at the sight of him.“Look at what we have here,” the satyr had said. “Ripe for the picking.”“Stay back,” Charles warned. The buck had ignored him and stomped closer. Charles could feel his body locking up in his anxiety, but the wind picked up and carried Charles’ scent over to him. Erik had pissed on him before he’d escorted him to Emma’s, drenched the fur of his legs and rotund belly and cunt with his claim so that no satyr nor faun could ever mistake him as anyone else’s. In the glen, the satyr had paused, his nostrils flaring. Charles stood his ground, ready to defend himself with tooth and horn if need be, but the buck retreated back into the foliage, and Charles had hurried home in the other direction, his heart pounding.Erik will be home soon. Erik will hold him in his strong arms and claim Charles again with his touch, soothing the worry away. In any other state, Charles wouldn’t be so agitated, but the pregnancy has rewired his senses to twitch at any possible threat. How much worse could it be for Erik, whose satyr make naturally thrums with violence and bloodlust?Just the thought of Erik’s ferocity has Charles muffling his bleating into the pillow, his tail flagging from increasing excitement. He’d seen Erik cross horns with another buck just once, when he’d still been dazed on the grass from mating and a rogue had wanted Charles for himself. Erik had given a great hunting roar and pinned the rival to a tree, knocking him out simply with the force of his rage. It was over in under a minute, but it was enough to get Charles heating again, begging for another fuck. Erik had bred him long and hard in clear view of the other satyr, making it perfectly clear who held thrall here.“Ooh…” Char
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Scott Summers

freeform: 
Fluff
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Fauns & Satyrs
Pregnancy
Lactation Kink
Watersports
Fisting
Pregnant Sex
Goaty Shenanigans
Domestic Bliss
Squirting

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Scott Summers

