Work Text:
Loki's first act after usurping the throne of Asgard is to find allies. Time is running out, Thanos will be upon them soon and no one is doing anything to prepare for his coming. Loki had expected to be interrogated by the All-Father when he let himself be captured and returned to Asgard by Thor and his band of little mortals. He had expected Odin to ask him questions about his actions. If he had thought Odin would throw him in the dungeon without a proper trial he would have put more effort into conquering Midgard. No, Loki may be the God of lies, he may lie as much as he breathes, but he never lies to himself. He knew Odin would not listen to his words when he let Thor drag him all the way back to Asgard. He had hoped for a swift death, so that he would not be present when Thanos finally arrived to take his dues. That is the only way he can escape him. But alas, here he is; alive and well. It is up to him now to prepare for the war to come if he does not wish to relive his time as Thanos’ captive. He should begin by creating a better relationship with the other realms. Odin and Thor have done a good job of ruining whatever diplomatic relationship was left between Asgard and the other realms but it is not something Loki can't fix. He calls a servant and sends a message and an invitation to the golden realm. Let them think the dark elves invasion has given Odin time to rethink his strategy, as long as they honor his call. They are all invited to the golden realm to begin negotiations for the building of defences in their realms.Once that message is sent, it leaves only Midgard. As much progress as the Midgardians have made over the centuries, they are still woefully behind in their technology. But Loki recalls the battle against the Avengers, he remembered how surprised he had been when the sceptre had turned out useless against Stark. The armored Avenger. Barton had informed him all about Stark's work and SHIELD’s plans for him. As he looks for himself what the armorsmith has been up to, he sees that he is the only other person, in all the universe, who is preparing for Thanos’ inevitable return. Stark is brilliant, but his metal army will stand no chance against Thanos and the Midgardian materials are inferior at best. They will not do. As he watches the others dismiss Stark's words and throw hurtful words at him, Loki knows instantly what he has to do. As he listens to Thor give him reasons why he wants to return to Midgard, all Loki can think about is how much this lines up perfectly with his plans. Without Thor here to discover his treachery, or worse, offend the visiting dignitaries from the different realms and stall the negotiations, his work is made easier. “You have grown wise since you journeyed to Midgard and allied yourself with the mortals,” Loki, in his Odin's disguise tells him when he is done talking. “Perhaps, it is time to foster a proper partnership with Midgard.”“Father,” Thor says with reverence. “You would ally Asgard with SHIELD?” The joy on his face at the news is clear for all to see. Loki takes a little pleasure in crushing it. “No, not SHIELD,” Loki says, waving a hand dismissively. “Your shield brother, the armorsmith, his ingenuity is rare, even in all the realms.”“Stark?” Thor asks confusedly and Loki wants to snort. Of course, Thor wouldn't understand why Stark would be the best choice. Not when there were other members of the team exactly like Thor himself; all brawns, no brains. “Stark controls his own Industry, and you have said great things about his work. A mortal who defeated Loki's army, who possesses the wits to rival the scholars of the golden realm. “When you return to Midgard, you will give him this message,” Loki hands him a scroll and a formal invitation. “Tell him the golden realm is interested in creating a partnership with his company. This is an invitation and a contract.” ***** The news is everywhere.
Tony Stark Invited to Asgard. 
Stark Industries in Partnership with Asgard. Stark Industries going Universal.  The amount of publicity this has generated is even greater than when he came out as Iron Man. After Thor brought the news that Asgard wanted to work with Stark Industries to combine Earth technology with technology from all the other eight realms, Tony and Pepper had taken the contract to SI's legal team. Tony was proud when not even negotiating a contract with Odin, could shake them. He really has the best team in the world. Of course, in true SHIELD fashion, Fury had tried to make it all about SHIELD. He had tried to get Tony to include some benefits for SHIELD, but the contract clearly stated that this partnership is for SI only. No third-party shadow governments organizations. After the negotiations, which only lasted a few days, then an official press conference to announce the partnership, Tony only has a month before he goes to Asgard. He spends the time he has left with Rhodey, Happy and Pepper. Harley flies in the the week before his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Implied Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Not any movie post IM3 compliant
Salty Pepper Potts
Not Avengers friendly
BAMF Pepper Potts
Loki Does What He Wants
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Implied Loki/Tony Stark

