Work Text:
 Tony hated his husbad for having such a comfortable looking bed.He hated the man for a lot of things, actually. The biggest strike against him was the whole buying him like chattel thing, but there were a lot of little things that were irritating too. Like the way he didn't talk a lot, leaving Tony to chatter into a void of silence and at not-quite-smiles. At first he'd talked to relieve his own anxiety, now he was trying to piss off the man he refused to call mate. No one was as even-tempered as the Alpha was pretending to be and the sooner he learned that breaking point the better.The trick with Howard had always been to know just how far to push him. When it came to arrogant, knot-head Alphas who wanted to control his life, Tony preferred for them to be pissed off but not to the point of violence.Not that the Alpha who’d bought him seemed to be too keen on actually controlling him. Bucky - and shit was that name another annoying thing about him - had been surprisingly hands off. Too hands off. Worryingly hands off. The guy was trying to lure him into a false sense of security with all those sort of smiles and the way he had deferred all decisions about their wedding to Tony. Bucky had even worn the ridiculous robes he'd pretended were a Stark family tradition with only a small grimace - he hadn't even questioned them. Hadn't turned him in to Howard either when asked why the fuck he was wearing them. He'd just slanted a glance Tony's way, wearing that infuriating smile that wasn't really there, and claimed they were a tradition from his family.Sometimes he thought that if they had met any other way he would actually like Bucky an awful lot. Maybe they could have been friends, the way he and his Rhodey were. Maybe he could have ended up as his Alpha in a way that didn't make Tony want to punch him in the dick. As it was, he knew it was all a front - no Alpha as nice as he was pretending to be bought an Omega at an auction.The man was an infuriating contradiction, one that refused to be solved. Sometimes he wondered if Bucky understood how much he needed to solve that puzzle. His whole life depended on what kind of Alpha the man was and he knew exactly two things regarding that.One: he had bought the 'honor' of mating Tony at an auction Howard had put together while drunk and furious at him.Two: now that they were finally married and expected to mate immediately, Bucky was sleeping downstairs on the couch instead of pressing Tony into the mattress that looked so annoyingly comfortable.Well, he also knew that the man smelled amazing and that he was a blusher. His scent was the first thing Tony had noticed about him, and it was fucking refreshing in a world where most Alpha scents were far too aggressive and in his face. The Alpha had looked pretty shabby and not at all like the rest of the military assholes that had been invited to the auction so Tony assumed he was there with a friend, or maybe he was dating one of the staff. Surely that scruffy, amazing smelling man wasn't there to buy him - he remembers thinking that and allowing himself one bright smile in the man's direction.That smile had probably sealed his fate. He wasn't sure if he was angry or thankful that he'd ended up with Bucky and not someone whose knot would already be buried in his ass. At least with one of those Alphas he would know what to expect.Instead he was standing alone in front of a bed that they were supposed to be sharing, a bundle of blankets in his arms that smelled like Bucky. His... his husband had blushed while asking if Tony would mind sleeping with them along with the clean, scent free sheets. It was the least intrusive way to start mingling their scents, he had mumbled, but he understood if Tony didn't want to and he wasn't going to force things.Now he was downstairs on the couch that had to be at least a thousand years old and that he would barely fit on. He'd left Tony a bed so big he could swim in it, left him without a mark on his neck that would bind them together forever. All he'd asked for so far was that single favor and if he just decided not to do it he was sure Bucky wouldn't make another peep about it.There were a lot of frustrating, infuriating things about his current situation. He'd cursed and wept, broken things and begged, then accepted his fate because what the hell else was he supposed to do? Tony hadn't made peace with what was happening, exactly, but he'd resigned himself to it and then resolved to continue on with his petty rebellions because that was all he could afford. Then his Alph… husband had turned out to be a blushing, scruffy man with mismatched, worn furniture. It looked like he might have spent every last penny he had to his name to buy the right to mate with him. Well, on that and the bed that looked brand new. The bed his Alpha was not sleeping in because he'd ceded it to Tony.It pissed him off more than anything else to realize that he might not wind up hating the guy for very
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Forced Marriage
Implied/Referenced Torture
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Some angst
Some Fluff
Some Plot
How Do I Tag
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

