Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m sorry,” Mrs Sherry said. “I have no record of your application.”Mrs Sherry was wearing a crumpled jacket with a tiny red stain on the lapel. The hollows of her eyes were a purple so dark they were almost black, dark hollows in the woman’s brown skin. The wrinkles in her forehead looked as if they’d been scored there by a claw. Mrs Sherry looked like she would normally be a kind woman, the kind of person who would always have a smile for a stressed intern or a cup of coffee for a new co-worker who really needed five minutes and someone to listen.Darcy thought Mrs Sherry probably was sorry.Unfortunately, that didn’t help her much.“I didn’t actually apply for a position; I was headhunted,” she said. “I signed the contract in London, and I took a photo on my phone, see, so there’s my proof of offer. And I’ve got my passport for ID and my proof of address” - a hotel, one she couldn’t afford to keep staying in without caving and asking Jane for a loan - “and I understand that you have to be careful, especially right now, but I really am Darcy Lewis and I really do have a job waiting for me, and if you could please just get hold of Mr Gautier he could tell you how eager I am to get to work on Congresswoman Jeffrey’s clean energy intiative-”Mrs Sherry looked more alert. “Jerry Gautier hired you,” she said.“Yes.”“He didn’t interview you here. I would have arranged that.”“No, it was in London. I mean, I was in London. We did the interview over Skype.” With Darcy wearing Jane’s best conference jacket on top and her own Hulk pajama pants on the bottom. Well, it had been 9pm, London time.Mrs Sherry pursed her lips. “Let me just check on something,” she said. “Stay here. Would you like a coffee or anything?”“Coffee would be great,” Darcy said, and winced at her own enthusiasm. “But, uh, don’t go to any trouble, I’m fine.”Mrs Sherry nodded sharply. “Of course. Wait here. I won’t be a minute.”She walked out, smoothing her skirt over her hips with fast, jerky motions. Darcy took the opportunity to reapply her lipstick and check her phone.Jane’s latest text read ru ok?? Cn get you out NOW!!! Jst call… Mkg progress e-r flux gnrtrDarcy typed Everything’s fine.Then she looked out the window at the broken skyline of Washington DC. Three days after the Triskelion, and the dust hadn’t settled. There were still fires in the Southeast quadrant, and there was no river traffic. Too much debris in the Potomac.Puente Antiguo had been a no-fatality incident; some bad burn injuries, but mostly a lot of smashed glass and a few badly damaged cars and buildings. London had cost a couple of civilians, a university library, a spaceship full of bad guys, and that jerk Loki, who Darcy didn’t plan to mourn any time soon.Both times, Darcy had been in the thick of it, moving too fast to get scared, and thinking too hard to get sad. She’d felt way worse about New York; sitting in a hotel room in Tromsø and watching aliens crawl all over the skyscrapers while Jane silently tensed with every flash of a red cloak had been one of the most terrible experiences of her life.And then she’d landed at Dulles International Airport half an hour after her estimated time of arrival. Ten minutes before three helicarriers had fallen out of the sky.She’d spent that night in the airport, watching President Ellis address the nation “from a secure location”, and texting until her phone ran out of power. Then she’d come into the city to help. There wasn’t much she could do; no civilians to herd away from battling demi-gods; no spiky things she could drive into the ground to make the aliens disappear.People had done this to themselves. So Darcy had donated blood and gleaned bags of groceries from the stripped bodega shelves and dropped them in at the food banks. People always forgot to donate shampoo. Washington was going to need a lot of shampoo. Then she’d checked into the cheapest hotel that had a room free, which was still fancier than anywhere she’d ever stayed before, even on Jane’s expense account. She showered and laid out her clothes and curled into a tight ball under the white sheets. From experience, she knew that the shaking would eventually stop.The next day, she’d put the news on in the background while she trawled through the information that had been leaked online. Everything about Puente Antiguo was there. She was there: Lewis, D; non-combatant. Tasing Thor didn’t count, apparently. There wasn’t much about London. S.H.I.E.L.D. - and/or Hydra, ugh - hadn’t known anything about London until afterwards. The worst thing had been finding Jane’s and Erik’s names on the Hydra cull list.The second worst had been the file about Jane and Thor’s relationship. Darcy had read it for about twenty minutes, feeling like ants were crawling all over her skin. Creepy, voyeuristic ants. Then she’d muted the news anchor reciting another list of prominent Americans in Hydra pay, and opened the .pdf Mr Gautier had sent her about Congresswoman Je
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

