Chapter 1: Forgive my Father, for he has Sinned
    




Chapter Text

4th of July 2000

Joseph stood beside his wife’s hospital bed with bated breath. All his dreams were finally coming true. All those years of waiting, trying and trying again and they were finally having their son. After years patience, of prayers and hopes, they were finally going to have a son, he had made sure of it, a son for him to take care of, teach, and nurture into a soldier just like him. He'd always dreamt of a soldier son, a tall and proud alpha like his father and he couldn’t wait for it all to come true. Couldn’t wait to see his son follow his footsteps into the army and later raise a family of his own.  
 
He'd always dreamt only of a son. No daughters, no girls. He wanted a strong alpha son, one who would make him and carry on the Rogers’ name. Omegas and betas were a disgrace, the weaker sections of the society and he didn’t want to raise them. they couldn’t join the army, couldn’t follow their family tradition and neither could they carry the name forward.
 
He was a man of traditional and orthodox thinking, not one of those who believed in equal statuses of the two genders and three secondary genders. Women were inferior to men and the other two secondary genders were inferior to the alphas. That was just how the world was and there were no exceptions to that rule. Not even for his wife.
 
Sarah was a beautiful woman, skin pale and spotless and eyes the perfect shade of blue. The pink of her lips and the pink of her cheeks were perfectly matched and the way her eyelashes framed her face was divine. Not only was she the most beautiful woman Joseph had ever seen, she was the most enticing omega he had ever met.
 
Her scent, the subtle scent of rose water, had drawn him in so fast and hard, that he had hardly had anytime to know what was happening. Then it had all happened equally fast. They'd been married in the next year.
 
But that didn’t mean he loved her.
She was an omega, somebody who could bear him a child. A woman, with a functional reproductive system and beautiful features, who would bear him his handsome son. That was all she was to him, had always been.
 
Something she realised soon after marriage.
 
They started trying for a baby immediately after marriage and were successful three times prior to it. But every time the child turned out to a girl and Joseph got it terminated. The more abortions, the weaker Sarah got. Joseph was sure she wouldn’t be able to give birth after this, but he was okay with that, he would finally have his son.
 
His own son.
 
His wife lay struggling on the bed, tears streaming down her pale face and her screams reverberating in the loud room. But he paid no attention to that, focussed on the many plans he had for his son’s future. He knew he wouldn’t be of any help to her at this moment and he did not want to be the wuss who holds their wife’s hand and talks shit with her. She’s going to do what her gender is supposed to do and he is going to do what his does.
 
 
It’s after a long while that the room comes alive with the sound of a baby’s cry. Joseph rushes forward and snatches the baby from the doctor’s hand, examines him carefully and finally breathes a sigh of relief.
 
A boy, at last.
 
A boy with bright blue eyes and golden hair. A boy with the world’s strongest fist and world’s loudest cries. His own son, beautiful and strong.
 
He'd never been happier in his life. Finally, a boy was born to him, finally he could have some respect in his circle. He couldn’t wait till his son’s 18th birthday when he will be presented an alpha and he could parade him down the streets. Let everyone see the alphas of Brooklyn city.
**

4th of July 2018

“An omega? My son’s a filthy omega?” Joseph bellowed at his wife’s fear-stricken face. She moved backwards in fear and his eyes widened in return. He liked to see her afraid, afraid of him and his temper, afraid to be struck, afraid of her alpha. It soothed some sadistic, lizard part of his brain and he was drunk on that power.
 
He advanced on her and grabbed a fist of her hair, pulling her up by it and snarling in her face.
 
“Did you not hear me? I asked if my son is a fucking omega.” She moved her head back to avoid the spit spray but he tightened his hand and bought her closer, pulling her hair till she sobbed.
 
She nodded fearfully, more tears springing to her face at the rough handling and he turned his face away in disgust. He threw her onto the floor and started pacing the length of it. 
 
He was goddamn furious. He was upset, embarrassed and above all very fucking angry. His son, the one whom he'd believed would be his pride, had turned out to be his worst nightmare ever. The boy was his greatest regret, the loser crown he wore on his head.
 
First it had been his poor health, the boy couldn’t last a second outside without catching a cold, and had missed most of his school that way. Then it had been his non-existent growth spree. Teenage b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pietro Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Soldier Bucky
Strangers to Lovers
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
Eventual Smut
Eventual Relationships
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Heavy Angst
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Too Many Pancakes
Author loves pancakes
Sharing a Bed
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Holding Hands
Bonding
Scent Marking
emotional bond
Characters are idiots
Author is Evil
Mirror Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Angst with a Happy Ending
mentions of shower sex
Sappy Ending
Hand Feeding
Mating Bites
Mating Bond

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pietro Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

