Chapter 1: The Mystery begins.
    




Chapter Text

Peters favourite day had always been Friday. It held such promise, 2 whole days of freedom. 2 days to do whatever you want. 2 days to sleep late and not have to face school.

 

After Peter became Spider man, Fridays became even more precious. Fridays were lab days. He went over to Tony's and fiddled with the suit, just watched a movie, made random projects or just messed on, together.

 

 And that's what Peter loved. The time with Tony, his father figure, even if he would never admit it. And even if Peter wouldn't even admit it to himself, he loved Tony, and felt that maybe, just maybe, Tony loved him back.

 

After Peter's uncle Ben died, he had accepted that he would never have another father, he had lost 2 already, any more would be greedy. But then a school trip, a radioactive spider, a civil war. And now they are here.

 


Tony’s point of view.


 

“Hey Pete” Tony called from where he was fiddling with the Iron Man suit ”pass the spanner, please” for any normal person it was highly uncommon for 

the

 Tony Stark to say please, but for Peter it was a normal thing.

 

 No sooner had Tony asked then a high speed flying spanner from the other side of the lab came crashing next to him. Causing both him and Peter to jump.

 

“Whoops” Peter offered sheepishly “I kinda…. forgot…. the strength you know.”

 

Tony tried to look stern, he should be angry, he nearly got decapitated by a spanner, but he found himself trying not to laugh. Aghhhh damn you Spider-baby. He stood up and went to see what Peter had been working on and stood above his 

kid

 Intern ruffling his hair as he did. He felt Peter move slightly, a wince? No…. He was probably just adjusting how he was sitting….

 

Tony was about to offer hot chocolate and a break when Peters phone dinged, making Peter jump and, after taking one look, Peter stood and throwing a quick goodbye over his shoulder, walked to the lift and started heading back home.

 

This confused Tony. Scrap that, this worried Tony. It wasn't like Peter to leave so suddenly. It wasn't like Peter to not even look at him goodbye. It wasn't like Peter to leave actually, normally he stayed the night on Fridays. He had always thought Peter loved their Friday lab days but, maybe not?

 

Shaking away any negative thoughts, Tony took the lift up to the higher levels to do something, but after 20 minutes when he had only been pacing, he headed back down to the lab. There was something off about Peter, he didn't know what, but something was wrong.

 

When he got back down, the first thing his eyes focused on was Peter's project, he had left it here. This was also unusual, normally if he didn't finish something he would take it back to his and May’s flat to finish during the week.

 

Peter’s project this week had been a modified coffee machine for Tony, it would only allow him to have a healthy amount of coffee and stop his normal routine of living off it.

 

Tony was slightly annoyed that his coffee habits had been picked up on by Peter, and that Peter had decided they needed fixing. Then again he could probably blame FRIDAY for at least half the idea.

 

Before he could continue having a mental argument about whether the coffee machine was a good thing or a bad thing, he noticed something on the floor, it was a piece of paper.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Child Abuse
Peter Parker is Spiderman
Classic Mays boyfriend fic
Peter Parker Whump
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Worried Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Panic Attacks
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
sure
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

