Work Text:
As soon as he woke up that morning, Peter knew it was going to be a bad day. Possibly a horrible day. First, he woke up late, so he had to rush to get ready for school, which caused him to almost put two different shoes on. That would’ve been embarrassing. Second, he had a headache before he even opened his eyes, and opening them to the light coming through his window made it exponentially worse. He would’ve just skipped school altogether but he knew he has a chemistry quiz he couldn’t miss.When he finally made it to school – five minutes before the bell and wearing matching shoes – his head was pounding, and the noise from the hallways was not helping. Every noise was amplified and Peter wanted to run out of the building and hide right then. And then Ned walked up and noticed the pained look on his face.“Oh man, is it a bad day?” he whispered, not wanting to make things worse, even though Peter didn’t think they could. Peter just nodded slightly, not trusting himself to open his mouth and not groan. “You should go home. I know we have that quiz, but you can miss it and be fine.” Peter shook his head.Ned, knowing his friend all too well, frowned but dropped it. Peter cared too much about his already amazing grades to skip a small quiz.---------By the end of the day, Peter was surprised he hadn’t passed out. His head was pounding and his stomach was turning. He just wanted to go home and pass out. But he had to get through this chemistry quiz first. If he could stay awake long enough.After finishing – slower than he normally would’ve but still faster than everyone else in the class – he put his head down and prayed for the sweet relief of death. Which of course didn’t come. What did come, though, was his teacher announcing five minutes before the bell that they were going on a field trip to Stark Industries. Of course, the class erupted in excited chatter, and Peter wanted to cry.“Hey, Penis! Finally ready to admit you’re lying? Or do you want to be humiliated in front of SI employees?” Flash’s grating voice did nothing to help Peter’s headache. He didn’t want to deal with him today. Or any day, but that was beside the point.“Fuck off, Flash.”“Mr. Parker! We don’t use that kind of language.”“Sorry, Mr. Harrington...”Flash’s smug smirk was overshadowed by the look of concern he was now getting from his teacher. He tried to ignore it. They had less than a minute left in the day, he could survive that long. Before Mr. Harrington could say anything, the bell rang, and Peter was out of the room before being accosted. He stopped at his locker and waited for Ned to catch up to him. When he did, Peter gave him an apologetic smile. Ned shrugged it off and they made their way through the throng of students.And of course the day wasn’t done with Peter yet. There in front of the school, waiting to take him to SI, was Happy. Peter groaned. “I forgot it was internship day.”Ned patted him on the back in support. “Just tell him you don’t feel good. Maybe take a nap on the way. I’ll see you tomorrow, man.”Peter frowned and waved as his friend walked away. He couldn’t just tell Happy, or Mr. Stark, he wasn’t feeling well. He was a superhero! Superheroes didn’t take a day off because of a headache. He waved at Happy and slid into the car, not noticing the driver’s frown. He sighed at the quiet of the car, glad his mentor had opted for soundproofing. Happy started towards Stark Industries, glancing back at the backseat every so often. For someone who couldn’t stop talking, it was concerning to have him be so quiet. He sent a quick message to Tony, telling him about his concerns.Peter trudged into Tony’s lab, not feeling his usual excited self. Tony, having been notified of his mentee’s status, waved the boy over and wrapped his arm around his shoulder. “Hey, bud. Feeling crappy?” Peter nodded, feeling the tears form. “Sensory overload?” Another nod. Tony led Peter to the couch in the back of the room and wrapped him in the blanket draped across the back. He left for a minute and came back with noise-canceling headphones and glasses that would block the light, which he had dimmed before Peter got there.“Take a nap, Pete. Everything will still be here to work on when you feel better.” He ran his fingers through the brown curls, urging his charge to sleep away the pain. He wished he could give him some medication, but nothing was strong enough, and his team of doctors hadn’t synthesized a formula that would work on him yet.Soon enough, Peter was asleep, which left Tony to work quietly in his lab until he awoke again. He turned to head back to his desk and spotted a piece of paper sticking out of Peter’s backpack. He grabbed it and realized it was a permission slip for a trip to Stark Industries. Glancing back to make sure Peter was still asleep, he took the paper back to his desk and called May.When May picked up, she was mildly panicking. “Tony? What happened? Is Peter okay?”“Peter’s mostly fine. Just some sensory overl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Sensory Overload
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
I fell deep into the field trip genre
field trip to stark industries
starts with some sensory overload
Peter Parker must be protected at all cost
rating is for some bad language only
do not share with other sites
do not post on other sites

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

