Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Good morning, Mr. Parker. The time is 6:30 am. This is your wake-up call.”From the grand bathroom that he still struggles to call his own, Peter calls, “You know you don’t have to do that if I’m already up, right FRI?” The toothbrush hanging from his mouth garbles his words, but he trusts the AI understands.“Sir’s orders,” FRIDAY responds, voice as plain as the walls of his bedroom.  He rolls his eyes and returns his attention to getting ready for school.Since moving into the Avengers’ new Queens facility during the summer before his junior year, Peter has adapted to living with an omnipresent AI. But, despite the passing of nearly 5 months, he has yet to adapt to the lack of human contact. The other Avengers are around, somewhere, probably, but Peter isn’t an official Avenger and therefore isn’t at liberty to know those kinds of things.When he lived with May, he was often alone but never lonely. Her presence filled their small apartment even when she was gone all day, working another double shift to make ends meet. She would leave traces of herself everywhere; sweet notes, little post-it reminders, perfectly packaged school lunches in the fridge, sweaters by the front door that allowed her scent to comfort him when he was the only one home. And God, he misses her, he misses her so much he has to take a minute doubled over the bathroom sink to breathe. He stares at his knuckles, white from gripping the counter so hard, and forces himself to loosen each finger one by one before he cracks the granite. Again.Peter doesn’t try to avoid thinking about his dead Aunt; in fact, he welcomes the pain that comes with her memory. At least he’ll never forget that she was real and that she loved him.He looks up at his reflection and winces at the circles under his eyes. With no one around making sure that he’s in bed before midnight, he’s been stretching his patrols longer and longer. Sometimes he only has enough time to swing back to the tower to change before school.The newfound independence makes him feel a little like he’s living at a high-tech summer camp. As grateful as he is to have his own floor in the most incredible building in NYC, it doesn’t feel like home. And he’s not sure it ever will.Peter finishes in the bathroom, hands shaking only minutely, and gestures to turn off the lights as he returns to his bedroom and gathers his belongings for school.  Grabbing the same ratty pair of sneakers that he’s been wearing since 8th grade, he hurries to the elevator that FRIDAY has waiting for him. Mr. Stark has offered to replace the shoes more times than he can count, but he can’t part ways with the beat-up Nikes. Uncle Ben bought him these shoes on the day he was accepted into Midtown and over the years Peter has had to make a habit of collecting things to remember his long list of dead relatives. A list that he can’t keep from growing.Blinking quickly through the suffocating guilt that makes his eyes sting, he makes his way to the common kitchen, grabs a granola bar from the 3rd cabinet on the left, and begins the 10-minute walk to school.He could have his own kitchen stocked with food, but Peter prefers the common floor to his own. He rarely runs into anyone when he’s there, but at least there’s a chance it could happen unlike the guaranteed loneliness of his private floor. Besides, Peter doesn’t care enough about food to ask FIRDAY to order any for him. He’s fine with grabbing whatever is available in the common kitchen so he doesn’t have to think about it. That has the added bonus of occasionally forcing him to skip a meal when he can’t find anything that isn’t already labeled with “Eating this would be treason” (Steve’s) or “Not yours” (Natasha) or “Thick thighs save lives” (Sam).Not for the first time, Peter wishes that the brisk November air was enough to shake the ever-present lead from his bones. He shivers under his layers and pulls his beanie down further. Ever since the bite, Peter can’t stand the cold. Nothing sours his mood faster than a wet and blustery winter day.A quick mental run through of the day’s agenda has Peter wishing he could turn around and crawl back into his warm bed.History exam. Anatomy lab practical. Decathlon practice.And it’s a Monday.Patrolling on Monday’s is usually mind-numbingly boring. Not that he minds giving lost tourists directions or helping old ladies with their groceries, but he craves more. Something to unsettle the homesickness that is lodged in his stomach these days; longing for a home that no longer exist—for people who no longer exist.“Hey, Penis Parker!” The nasally shout greets Peter when he pulls open the doors of Midtown Science and Tech. “Ready to embarrass yourself in anatomy today?”Ignoring the harassment, Peter keeps trudging to his locker with his head down and thinks to himself, well at least he’s consistent. Flash Thompson has managed to insult him at least
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Angst
5+1 Things
Depression
Anxiety
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Hurt/Comfort
Mostly hurt though
Sick Peter Parker
Deaf Clint Barton
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Sensory Overload
Nightmares
Hurt Peter Parker
Self-Harm
Purging
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

