Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time Bucky met his Alpha he was thirteen.Him, and all the other little omega boys were lined up the great hall of the Omega  Academy, dressed up prettily in their uniforms, long skirts slitted to the hip and long sleeved sheer tops,  as rich families chose high pedigree omegas  for their noble children.It is tradition, that when a Nobel Alpha turns twenty, for them to receive their Omega, one trained from the age of thirteen to obey, respect and respond to their every command. Custom made to their Alpha master's wants and needs. They pick them at sixteen, so that by the time they are twenty, the slaves will be trained, and at the age of heat. He was stood, as he was told to, with his head tilted downwards towards the marble floor, trying to look as pretty as possible. If he wasn't chosen today, he would end up either a normal pleasure slave in a brothel or a labour slave, working long hours in the heat and dirt. He had worked so hard the last few years to even be up for selection today and he wouldn't waste this opportunity, he couldn't. A beautiful scent surrounded him, pulling him from his thoughts. It was warm and homey, a mix of woodsmoke and the smell after rain. Masculine and thick, Bucky wanted to bathe in it. “Oh mother he's precious” The soft tone was honey sweet and ritch as it met Bucky's ears, the almost roughness of it making it even more perfect to his ears, and beautifully deep. Surely this voice couldn't belong to a sixteen year old on their choosing day. Surely?  “He Is Steven. He's beautiful” A woman's voice this time, just as soft, with an Irish lilt to it, the accent smooth and warm. Making Bucky feel safe.Two fingers were tucked under his chin and his face was tilted up, forced to look up into the most beautiful pair of blue eyes he'd ever seen, flecks of green dancing in their depths. The boy, steven, was smallee than he was expecting from his voice and scent,  skinny for an alpha, but beautiful, with blonde hair and beautiful bone structure, the fingers tucked under his chin were long and dexterous as though they must be used for something beautiful, like music or art. “What's your name little one?” Steven smiled at him, showing him so much kindness in that one little gesture, Bucky was willing to drop to his knees for this beautiful alpha this instant, willing to bare his neck and hold his pups. “James” he said softly, his voice timid even to his own ears. “But everyone calls me Bucky” “Bucky” Steve said, his eyes Sparkling as he said it, “I like it” Bucky blushed all the way up to his ears and looked away. “Thank you Alpha”Steve growled, and Bucky keened. “Steven grant Rogers!” His mother scolded, smacking his shoulder with her glove. “Growling? In public?”It was Steves turn to blush now, hastily apologizing to his alpha mother and then gently to Bucky. “I think I've chosen mother” Steve smiled, running his thumb over Bucky's cheek. “I want this one” Stevens mother softened at the sign of affection. “You can have him baby. I approve.” She said to her son, squeezing his shoulder before rushing off to find a master to stamp Bucky and take him off the veiwing floor. “Do you choose me as well?”Steve whispered. “If you really don't want me as your alpha, I will tell mother I've changed my mind” he shifted awkwardly from foot to foot, looking away. “I know I'm not exactly the most physically attractive alphas” Bucky looked up in shock, feeling as though he had just been slapped. “sir you're beautiful” he whispered. Steve met his eyes, and, when he had decided Bucky was being truthful, smiled brightly once more. “So are you my little one” he said brightly reaching out to stroke Bucky's hair once more. “I will be counting the days until I can bring you home.” That night, Bucky was curled up in the dorm room he shared with his best friend's, discussing the alphas they had all found. Clint would not stop gushing about Natasha, a beautiful red headed female alpha that had chosen him. Peter was thrilled over the brunette alpha that had chosen him, and hadn't stopped doodling “Peter stark” over all his school jotters.Loki had been silent all evening, but was smirking to himself, and bucky had seen him with a blonde Alpha at the choosing.And Bucky.Well, Bucky fell asleep to dreams of the smell of woodsmoke and rain, and a litter of little blonde pups.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Clint Barton
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Omega Loki (Marvel)
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Beads
Sex Toys
Mpreg
Underage Sex
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Humiliation
Sex slave school
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Rape/Non-con Elements
Those tags are for what happens at the school
Steve would never hurt busy unnecessarily
Age Play
little clint
Mommy nat
Skype
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

