Chapter 1: Prologue: In My Dreams
    




Chapter Text

Red.
 
Red was quite the color.
 
The color of love, the color of hate.
 
The color of glowing cheeks under a streetlight, of smiling lips and sweet rose petals. The color of a sour lollipop in a young child’s soft hand.
 
The color of war, of blood, of pain. The color that plagued the nightmares of the bravest men.
 
Yes, red was quite a few things at once, but right now, it was the color that coated poor Peter Parker’s hands as he stumbled away from the warm corpses of his aunt and uncle, silhouetted cruelly by the neon store signs, and into the unknown of a quiet, star-dotted night in Queens.
 
——
 “Hey man, not cool!” Peter Parker called as Random Mugger Number Eighty-Three slashed open the flesh on Peter’s left forearm,  and the suit with it, inviting the biting air in to mingle with the warm flow of blood. The overbearing sting was a familiar one, if stronger than normal. That would leave a mark. Fortunately, now the guy’s knife was gone, and it only took a sweep under his feet and one well-aimed punch before he was webbed up and Peter was swinging his way back home, his wound screaming in protest. Home, Sweet Home Peter thought bitterly as his feet touched the grime-coated concrete of Queen’s Best Alley. He flopped to the ground with a hiss of pain. He adjusted himself until his back was against the dirty wall, one leg bent and the other straight out in front of him. He turned to check his wound, and was pleased to see that the skin was already painfully knitting itself together. Yesterday’s banana must have jump started his healing some. Even so, he sprayed a web over the wound to protect it from the bacteria that lurked on his ‘bed’ of cardboard and discarded blankets. With a loud huff, Peter rolled over to crawl his way onto it, careful not to jostle his left arm too much—just because it was healing didn’t mean it didn’t still burn. Patrolling the full day had left him exhausted, and he told himself that he’d take a break tomorrow. The same lie he’d told himself for the past seven-hundred-and-sixty-eight days, since the reddest night on record. He had run from the horrific scene outside of the convenience store over two years ago, his thirteen-year-old hands stained with blood, and had never gone home again. He hadn’t gone back to school, either. All his ties were cut. Spider-Man was a full time job, now, and to whoever it concerned, Peter Parker no longer existed. Maybe he never did.  He was asleep before his head even hit the worn yellow backpack he used as a pillow.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Gun Violence
Guns
Mugging
Robbery
Orphans
Avengers - Freeform
Avengers Tower
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Depressed Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Homeless Peter Parker
Homelessness
Sleep Deprivation
Starvation
sad things
Angst
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Injury
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Biological Webbing
Deaf Character
Blindness
Blind Character
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Out of Character
natasha romanov - Freeform
Red Room
Torture
Psychological Torture
Burns

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

