Work Text:

Eddie Brock is glad to be back in New York. He doesn’t regret going to San Francisco to be with Anne, but it would be a lie to say that he didn’t miss New York. Now, although he is in good terms with Anne, he decided to return to New York. After his article about the Life Foundation was published, his standing is a great investigative reporter was re-established. 


Eddie is also enjoying introducing Venom to New York City. It’s very different to San Francisco. Unfortunately, Eddie has to talk Venom out of eating every single person that bumps into them in the crowded streets.


They’re walking through the hallway to their apartment after a trip to the grocery store when Venom jerks them to a stop. “What is it, love?” Eddie questions. 



Bad guy.



“What? Where?” Eddie looks around, confirming that they are, in fact, alone in this hallway. 



In there. 



A small tendril of Venom comes out of Eddie’s shoulder, pointing to one of the doors in the hallway. “In there?”



I can hear crying.



“That doesn’t mean there’s a bad guy,” Eddie says, “Somebody might just be watching a sad movie. Come on.” He starts to walk again, it’s only a few steps to their apartment, but Venom stops them again. 



Listen.



Eddie sighs, but does as Venom says anyway. No use taking more time to fight with him. He walks up to the door and listens.


“Please,” it sounds like a child, “Stop it! Stop!”


“Shut up,” a much older man says. And then the noises. Shit. Eddie takes a moment to thank whoever made the walls in this apartment building paper thin, or else Venom may never have heard what was happening behind that door.


Eddie doesn’t even have to 

think 

anything before Venom is taking over, enveloping Eddie completely, and kicking the door open, groceries long forgotten in the hallway. What Eddie sees next makes his blood boil. A white haired man, well into his twenties, is sexually assaulting a kid that looks no older than ten. He’s glad that Venom is in control and has learned enough from his time on earth to move the kid away from the man before doing anything. If it were Eddie, he would have gone straight for the man, but there’s a kid here who is already traumatized enough as it is. Before Venom can do anything, though, the white-haired man is pulling out a gun. That wouldn’t usually be a problem, seeing as Venom is basically bulletproof, but there’s a kid here and this cramped apartment has ample means for stray bullets to ricochet. 



Kid first, Venom

. 



But I want to eat the bad guy.




Get the kid out first!




Fine

.


With that, Venom is grabbing the kid and jumping out the (closed) window, glass spraying everywhere. Venom grabs onto the side of the building and brings them to the rooftops so they can get away. 



Bring the kid to the police station. Take a right here.



Eddie gives Venom directions to the station and when they arrive Venom drops down into an alley, sets the kid down, and retreats back into Eddie. Eddie then picks up the kid and rushes into the police station. 


He explains to the police that he heard what was happening and managed to get the kid out (not mentioning Venom’s role in all of this). As it turns out, the kid’s mother is a policewoman at that very precinct. She bursts into tears and thanks Eddie profusely for saving her child. Through tears, she explains that the man, Steven, is the son of one of her friends. She had asked him to look after her kid for the week while she is at work and her husband (who usually works from home) is on a business trip. 


By the time the police (and Eddie) get back to the apartment building, Steven is long gone. Eddie curses, but knows that getting the police involved was needed. It also looks like Steven stole Eddie’s groceries. 



I wanted to eat him

. Venom tells Eddie once they’ve finally gotten into their own apartment.


“I know you did, but we needed to help the kid first, Vee.”



Chocolate? To make up for it?



“Fine.”


…


The next day, Eddie makes his way back to the grocery store. He’s still bitter that his groceries went missing.



Eddie

.



What? 

Eddie has gotten used to talking to Venom in his head instead of out loud while they’re in public.



I can smell him

.



Who?




The guy from Yesterday.



Eddie stops moving. 

The guy from Yesterday? The one we saved the kid from? Steven?




Yes

.


“Where?” Eddie growls angrily, looking around and trying to catch a glimpse of Steven’s white hair. 



There

, 
Venom says at the same time that Eddie spots him. The man is walking towards them quickly, head down. Eddie ducks into an alleyway and waits. When Steven passes the opening, a tendril of Venom bursts out of Eddie and drags the pedophile into the alleyway. Within seconds, Eddie’s face gets covered as Venom takes over. Steven tries to make a run for it, but Venom is faster, and swallows him whole. A moment later, Eddie is left standing in Venom’s place and there is no evidence that Steven was ever the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Skip Westcott

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Minor Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Underage
Sam Wilson is So Done
Protective Tony Stark
Trans Character
Trans Peter Parker

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Skip Westcott

