Chapter 1: Uncertainty breeds opportunity
    




Chapter Text
“Somethin’ on your mind, pal?” Steve grunted as he hit the mat. “It's nothing,” Bucky replied gruffly. Steve hefted himself back up, wincing when his side is a little more than sore. “Sure feels like a whole lot of nothing,” Bucky grimaced, “Nothin’ you can help anyway.” “Oh don't be so sure. What is it? Clint put glue in your cereal?” Steve prodded. He poked Bucky in the shoulder. “Bruce's pot smell too strong? Natasha threaten you again?” To everything, a shake of the head. Finally, to the thing, Steve really wanted to know. “There trouble in paradise?” Steve asked, trying to hide his eagerness. Bucky tensed further. Bingo. “What's going on?” Steve asked sympathetically. Bucky looked more broody than usual. “Aw, Buck..” Bucky mumbled something under his breath. “What?” “I…-” Bucky coughed. “-Toni wants a baby.” Steve felt his heart shatter. Sure Bucky and Toni were together, yet Steve couldn't help but hope...But a baby? Bucky kept talking but Steve had a hard time not punching Bucky in the throat. Which wasn't fair. It wasn't Bucky's fault that Toni liked him back. 
 But Steve knew her first-- 
 “Sorry Buck, I don't think I heard right...a baby?" Bucky nodded. "Are you guys ready for that?” Steve masked his desperation with concern. Bucky's face twisted up even more, he's was looking more and more frustrated as the seconds ticked by. “Of course we’re ready! I really want one too! I can give something to the person who has everything! But…” “What is it?” “It's…oh don't make me say it again.” “I really don't understand?” “I...I haven't been tested but, well we’ve been trying for months! And, sure, it's not a strain on me and Toni's relationship but I'm worried. What if my...swimmers aren't,” Bucky's face was red with embarrassment. “What if I'm shooting blanks?” “Bucky, I'm sure it's not…” “We've been tryin’ for months, Stevie--” “Well, that doesn't mean!” “--And she really deserves a baby! She'd love it as much, no, more, than me or JARVIS combined and I can just imagine! She'd be so beautiful and I would love that baby so much but what if I can't make that happen?!” “Then she'll love you just the same!” “But she deserves more.”   Steve couldn't help but agree. “I dunno how I can help you.” “Me either,” Bucky sighed. He looked so resigned. Steve patted Bucky consolingly on the shoulder. Moments passed, the gym was oddly quiet. When suddenly - “I got it!” Bucky exclaimed. Steve nearly jumped out of his skin. “Course adoption’s an option but if -- maybe we could get a donor? Hell maybe -” Bucky looked even more excited. “-maybe you could be our donor! I mean, we both trust you! And this way there's no chance some idiot tries usin’ the kid as a way to get money outta her!” “Uh Buck--” “So then we got a kid and, I'm not saying I'm gonna tell her this  because I know it’d be awkward for you--” The opposite actually. “-- but if it comes to that and she comes up with it herself, and asks you, well! Problem solved! Me and Toni got a kid!” “Buck…” Steve didn't know what to say. “Unless that's too much for you, that's okay-” “No no! That's fine!” Steve squeaked. Bucky blinked at him. “Alright then!” Bucky perked up again. Steve didn't know when Bucky left the gym. It didn't matter, what mattered were all the worries Steve was left with. Would the baby inherit his pre-serum genes? Would it be sick? Who would it look like? And more guiltily Steve thought how easy it would be to get Toni, maybe she'd fall for him during the pregnancy? If Bucky (as much as Steve had faith in him) wasn't good to Toni while she was hormone ridden? Maybe Steve could-- Nope. He couldn't think about that. It wasn't as if it was a done deal anyways.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Steve Rogers-centric
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Out of Character
Jealous Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Not Beta Read
Not Canon Compliant
Well-Meaning Bucky Barnes
Angst
Not Well-Meaning Steve Rogers
Pregnancy
Pregnant Tony Stark
We're Living Like It's 2012 Y'all
Creepy Steve Rogers
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Gratuitous Amount of Slurring
Infertility
infertility scare
not team Cap friendly
more specifically - Freeform
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Possessive Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is a dick
Masturbation
Oblivious Tony Stark
Unreliable Narrator
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Discussion of Abortion
Which is basically
Steve fantasizes
no actual abortion
or Miscarriage
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

