Work Text:
A soft sound distracted Tony from his current project.He ignored it and as expected, the source of the noise quieted down. Tony hummed in appreciation, placing his hand on soft, brown curls and lightly petting through it.He didn't hear anything again for at least another ten minutes. Then another whimper came and he finally looked at the boy that had been waiting rather patiently for him.For the past couple of hours, Peter had been keeping Tony company all along. He was bound in baby blue rope beside the couch where Tony was relaxing. The blue ropes ran over his flushed skin, held together by knots and ties. It secured his wrists together and made a beautiful display of his body.His upper half was bent over the cushions while his knees dug into the soft, plush carpet beneath. His legs were spread apart, a nice sturdy spreader bar making sure they'd remain open and ready for whenever Tony wanted him.Peter hadn't come once yet.There were bruises on his hips and scratches on his ass, souvenirs from the first or second time Tony took him.He was blindfolded, those pretty brown eyes of his were too indecent to look at when he was crying for Tony's attention.“Does my slutty little boy need Daddy again?” Tony cooed to him, dragging his fingers through Peter's hair. “What do you think, boy? Did you finally learn your lesson?”Tony dug his fingers to the root and jerked Peter's head up to face him. The boy gave a soft whimper but unlike last time, he didn't answer unless told to. It was an improvement.“Speak, baby,” Tony murmured.As soon as he was given permission, those all too tempting lips parted and Peter started babbling.“Yes, daddy,” Peter begged, “I need it… Please, I'm sorry. I-I'm– I won't– I'll wait, I just need your cock now. Please…”Tony soothed the poor boy, cupping his face in his palms and rubbing his thumb across his cheekbones.“What did you do wrong, hmm?” Tony asked. “Say it, baby, I want to know if you've learned your lesson yet.”First time, Peter had been rather defiant and cheeky, rubbing against Tony's cock as he talked about how badly he needed it. How he wanted to suck Tony's cock until his daddy came down his throat. Tony had facefucked him until he was choking on it, drool and spit wetting his mouth and chin. A nice, rough fuck had Peter curling his fingers into the couch, body jerking with every rough thrust of Tony's hips.Peter enjoyed it too much. They both did, but he needed to teach his baby boy a lesson in control and obedience. The second time didn't show much progress when Peter continued to distract him, rubbing up against Tony and even brazenly playing with his come wet hole.After that, Tony had tied him up and blindfolded the kid.“I… I distracted Daddy while he was w–working,” Peter whimpered, “And teased Daddy with– with my slutty hole…”Tony hummed in appreciation then leaned down to press a gentle kiss to his lips. “One more time, hmm?”Peter let out a distressed whimper but nodded obediently.“Good boy.”Tony got up and observed his pretty toy.“You're so eager for me,” Tony murmured, eyes roving over marked and bruised flesh like it was the first time he saw it. The spreader bar kept his legs open. Tony loved the way his ass was a pretty, blotchy pink, roughed up a bit from Tony fucking him earlier.What Tony loved about his view were the additions he added to the boy's skin. On his lower back, written in bold, stark letters: DADDY'S CUMSLUT. His favorite was the CUMDUMP he wrote on the boy's cheeks. An arrow pointed directly to the boy's dripping used hole.According to the tally he kept marked on the other cheek, Tony fucked a load into his boy only twice so far.Third time's the charm.He knelt between the boy's legs, using his hands the spread apart Peter's cheeks. In between the times Tony fucked him, his previous load had made its way outside Peter's used hole. There were trails of thick, white semen leaking down his thighs.Between his legs, Peter's pretty little cock was still hard. Perhaps he had softened a bit while he waited. That wouldn't do.Tony closed his fingers around the turgid length, jerking Peter off with rough strokes. The boy trembled and shuddered but his hips jerked into Tony's touch. Peter's pretty cock grew hard and leaking in a few seconds. Once it did, Tony let go, smirking when Peter barely held off whining in response.“What's wrong, baby boy?” Tony purred, “You wanted Daddy's attention and now you have it.”He spread the boy's cheeks apart again, this time intending to take his time. “That's what my slut wants, hmm? Daddy's attention… Daddy's cock… Daddy's come… You just want Daddy all to yourself.”The soft, needy whine earned his baby boy a swat to the ass, but it was more of a warning. It didn't stop Peter from wiggling in excitement.Tony played with the boy's hole, rubbing his leaking come around the twitching rim. He dipped his fingers inside, finding Peter so wet and used.“I'll always take care of you,” Tony promised his needy boy, “But you ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rope Bondage
Spreader Bars
Dirty Talk
Name-Calling
Writing on the Body
Humiliation
Rough Sex
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Daddy Kink
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

