Chapter 1: Where Tony Doesn't Let Anyone Know
    




Chapter Text
Of all the people that Charles Xavier would have expected to arrive on his doorstep at four in the morning, it was not Tony Stark.‘I can feel everything.’ Was all the boy said, only fourteen years old if the papers were to be believed.Later, it was discovered that young Tony Stark was the most powerful empath anyone had ever seen. It was only a few months after that it was discovered what he could do to other people.Charles often thought that the physical form was far, far too idolised in comparison to that of the mind. After all — what was the use of muscle when you were sobbing on the floor from a single touch of a fingertip?That was what Tony could do. That was what made Tony such a brilliant businessman, even without actively using his mutation. He knew emotion, expanded on it, created it, diminished it and by God did he use it.Charles had never experienced something as breathtaking as the mind of a man who knew the way every human being ticked.Tony became one of the founding members of the X-Men — after the first disastrous attempt in the sixties. Not that he ever fought, or received a mutant name, but he had a suit, and was present in the back of Charles’ mind every time the team went away to fight. Tony was always watching, always keeping a careful eye.He was always invited to their meetings, to the school. It was then that Charles truly appreciated Tony’s skills in the art of excuse making.Their correspondence was a secret, and Charles could never blame him for keeping what he could do a secret from everyone except Charles. It would cause the next Wall Street Crash, Tony had said with a laugh, even though Charles didn’t need his own telepathy to distinguish what he was really thinking.Howard Stark made Charles’ stomach turn, with his talk of abominations and unnaturalness, especially in front of his own son, and especially because he neglected that son to try and find a relic he had pumped full of chemicals.When Afghanistan happened, Charles watched and searched from the sidelines, yet found nothing. His fellow teachers said nothing about his weariness — but he knew they were putting it down to old age.What a lovely idea, to die of old age.It was not until four years later, that Charles and Tony met face to face again. It was a pity about the audience. * Tony fiddled with the disassembled tablet he was holding, carelessly discarding the unimportant pieces on the table in front of him while he heard the murmured annoyance from whoever else was sat with him.‘Tony, stop before Clint puts an arrow through your eye,’ glancing up after Natasha spoke, Tony saw a coolly irritated Clint flicking a minuscule screw from his jacket. He glared at him vehemently. Either way, Tony didn't take it too seriously — he could feel the amusement slowly filling the air around him.Natasha turned her head abruptly, as if she was waiting for something. Sure enough, her precognition was spot on; Fury barged through the door in a crescendo of noise, and though no one in the room jumped, Tony could feel their surprise hidden beneath their unmoved exterior.Fury was, strangely, worried and tense. Usually, he was confident and angry and just a little bit more laid back when around the team.Even Steve’s emotions stood to attention when Fury spoke, and Tony sniggered.‘Mutants,’ he said, making eye contact with all of them, even though when he came to Bruce the smallest slither of guilt seeped out of him. ‘They’re our problem now.’‘How so?’ Steve asked, brow creasing into a confused frown. Natasha looked at him.‘He hasn’t made it past the seventies yet, Director.’ Steve looked bashful. ‘You might have to elaborate.’‘He got a bit caught up in the Cold War,’ Tony injected, looking up from his phone, dismembered tablet littering the conference table. ‘Couldn’t get past the politics.’Steve’s shoot of annoyance and then acceptance ran through him, but neither he nor Tony said anything.Impatiently, Fury rolled his eyes. ‘Everyone hated all mutants, then only some people hated mutants, and now everybody hates about a quarter of mutants.’‘There’s a mutant group called the Brotherhood that believe mutants should rule over humans,’ Bruce elaborated quietly, putting his pen behind his ear as he always did when nervous.Tony remained quiet and still, only his thumbs moving as he pretended to type code. He could not and would not get involved in mutant stuff, he wouldn’t let his little trick be revealed. He was perfectly content to let everyone carry on thinking that his power was a large inheritance, thank you very much.‘Why are they our problem now?’ Clint asked, uncomfortable. ‘I thought they kept to themselves. I thought they wanted to keep to themselves.’Fury stood, holding the edge of his chair as he did so. The window behind him, which was without a doubt some kind of apocalypse-proof glass, was transformed into a knock-off version of Tony’s own holographic screens. Huh.Pict
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Stark is a mutant
Tony Stark is an empath
Empathy
the power to feel and control other people's emotions
Emotions
Charles is Tony's father figure
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony-centric
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Charles Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters
Feels

fandom: 
None
