Work Text:
You flopped face down onto Steve’s bed. “You done yet?” You muttered into the comforter.“Baby, these spreadsheets don’t fill out themselves,” Steve explained. He turned around in his swivel chair to face you and laughed at how silly you looked. You were wearing flannel pajamas and your body was in a straight line flat on his bed. “C’mon get up. You have to breathe, sweetie.”You obeyed and sat up to face your stepfather. “Says you, Mr. Steve ‘You love being choked don’t you, huh baby’ Rogers,” you sassed.“Oh, ha ha, laugh now and suffer later.” Steve swiveled back around and continued with his laptop.Sighing dramatically, you stood up. “I’m bored,” you groaned and shuffled over to Steve’s side. You fiddled with the strings on your pajama pants. “Play with me,”Steve stiffened and looked at you, with your pouty lips and puppy-dog eyes. He was almost done with his work anyway. He pulled you into his lap and made you straddle only one of his thighs. “You are so cute, y’know? But you are one greedy little girl,” he kissed your forehead and reached for his cellphone.“Go ahead and call Bucky, angel. Tell him how bored you are,” Steve smirked. You frowned as he continued working, but dialed your neighbor anyway.“What’s up?” You heard Bucky’s deep voice through the speaker.“Hi, sir.”“Oh, hey princess, what’s going on?”“I’m bored and daddy won’t play with me,” you said quickly. You heard him give an exaggerated gasp.“How dare he? Well, can you play with yourself?” Bucky felt mischievous as always. You looked at Steve whose eyes were still glued to the screen. The only encouragement you received was him placing one hand around your hip.“Yes, sir.”Bucky smiled and imagined your petite body obeying his voice. “Test the waters for me, kitten. Feel how wet you are,”You slipped your fingers into the waistband of your panties and felt yourself with your fingertips. “A little. But more and more since I’m talking to you,”“Good girl. Now dip your little fingers into that pretty cunt of yours,” he ordered. You did as you were told and whined into the phone. Steve tightened his grip on your waist and moved you a bit, indicating for you to grind on his thigh.“Less bored?” Bucky inquired. “Y-yeah,” you stammered, now grinding harder onto Steve’s leg and your fingers. Steve’s work was all but forgotten as he watched you move desperately. Bucky was losing it as well, growing harder and harder at the sound of your pretty moans over the phone. “Don’t forget about your other hand. Why don’t you slip it down your shirt for me?” Handing the phone to Steve, you breathed an “Okay, sir,” and took one nipple between your fingers. You rolled it gently, then pinched it like your daddies would. “Oh my god,”“That’s a good girl. Now where’s Steve?” Bucky’s praise sent shivers down your spine and you clenched yourself around your fingers. “Here...watching,” you moaned out and gave your stepfather a glare. Steve chuckled and quickly bounced the leg you were sitting on up and down just once. You yelped, the movement forcing your fingers deeper inside of you.“God, he’s watching all this and still won’t lay a finger on you? Steve, you strong-willed asshole,” Bucky laughed. “Believe me, man, I’m trying my best.” he retorted. You whined. “I’m close, daddy,” “Oh, no you’re not, princess. We’re not done yet. Now, take your fingers out and give ‘em to your daddy. I’m sure he wants a taste.” Bucky said. You could tell he had on a shit-eating grin.“B-but-”“Now, sweetheart.”Reluctantly, you slipped out your fingers and Steve grabbed your wrist. You whimpered at the loss and pressed yourself harder onto his thigh. “Thank you, baby,” Steve winked at you before slipping your fingers into his mouth. He groaned softly at the taste of your arousal, swirling his tongue around your digits. His warm, wet mouth drove you crazy and you couldn’t help but imagine that tongue somewhere else. “Mm, sugar, you are delicious,” Steve praised after removing your hand from his pink lips. He lifted you off of his lap and sat you on top of his desk. “Buck, I’m gonna have to call you back.” he said, his blue eyes focused on you in a way that was downright predatory.“What? No fair-” Bucky’s voice was cut off by Steve hanging up and pulling down your pants and underwear. You crossed your legs, slightly embarrassed by your desperateness. “Come now, little one. Don’t be shy. Show daddy,” Steve coaxed. You spread your legs slowly and Steve licked his lips. Your core was soaked and your hole clenched around nothing. “Fuck, you are such a mess. Only one way to clean you up,” he said and leaned forward to lick the juices off your inner thighs. “Please, daddy!” you cried out. He focused on your legs only, teasing you out of habit. “Sorry, but it’s not my fault your wetness is everywhere.” he mumbled into your skin.You scoffed. “Uh, yeah it fucking is. You’re the one who-” Steve abruptly licked a long stripe along your slit, shutting you up. “Watch your fucking tongue, slut. Daddy do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Teasing
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Dom/sub
Age Difference
Step-parents
Voyeurism
Phone Sex
Grinding
Begging
Consensual Underage Sex
Older Man/Younger Woman
Teenagers
degrading
Verbal Humiliation
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

