Work Text:
Steve went for an evening run from Midtown to the George Washington Bridge, and when he came back the apartment was dark and empty. He stopped in the doorway, one hand on the frame, his foot still lifted off the ground. In the months since he and Bucky had come to live in the tower, Bucky had mostly spent his evenings in. He would disappear on missions, or during the day, but evenings were the time that he and Steve spent together. Steve would draw or read a book, and Bucky would tear through the internet as if he could absorb everything that had happened in the last seventy years in one go.But not tonight, it seemed. "JARVIS?" Steve called."Mr Barnes is on the common floor with Ms Romanov and Mr Barton," JARVIS said.Steve let out a breath and dropped his hand off the doorframe. It had been a year since Bucky had come back, but sometimes Steve was still afraid it was a dream. "Thanks, I --"JARVIS said, "They ask that you bring a bottle of wine, sir."Steve frowned. "Excuse me?""Perhaps two," JARVIS said.The elevator opened on the common floor to soft yellow lighting and the sound of laughter somewhere close. Steve heard Clint say, "Wait, wait, there's still glass everywhere," and Natasha's low chuckle. He followed the sound into the kitchen, where he saw Clint with a towel and Bucky with a dust pan, the two of them crouched on the floor while Natasha perched on the countertop and watched them. They were all red in the face, and Natasha's hair -- shorter and curly again-- stuck up a little like she'd been yanking on it.She turned to look at him and widened her eyes. "Oh, noooo," she said, monotone. "Grandpa's come to scold us.""Aw, no," Clint said, and giggled. He turned to look at Steve. "Not bedtime already.""Yeah, yeah," Steve said, walking into the kitchen. "Those jokes just don't get old."Bucky snorted. "Old," he said.Steve stared at him. He looked younger, somehow, with his long hair pulled up high at the back of his head, with a grin he hadn't worn since 1942. Steve didn't have a response, so he lifted the box of wine bottles he'd brought. "JARVIS said you wanted these?""Yes," Natasha said, and moved like she wanted to leap off the counter."Hey, hey, hey," Clint said. "Not while there's still glass on the floor."Bucky swept his metal hand across the floor, and then dusted after it with the little dust broom. "There," he said. "All gone."Natasha gathered her legs under her and leapt across the kitchen, landing on a dining room chair near where Steve stood in the doorway. He reached to steady her, and she gave him that 'oh, please' look that make him warm with embarrassment and affection. Of course she had landed perfectly."What's going on?" he asked, as Natasha relieved him of the wine.Clint gave one last swipe with the dish towel, and then tossed it behind him across the length of the kitchen and into the sink. "Bucky tried to open a bottle of wine with a shoe," he said. His face squished up, and he laughed again."You remember," Bucky said. "That fancy villa in Salzburg? Morita saw the wine cellar and nearly cried."Steve nodded, feeling the joy of shared memory as a warm weight in his throat. "And then he nearly cried again when we couldn't find any corkscrews.""And Dernier took his shoe off --""And opened six bottles," Steve said. "But where did the broken glass come from?"Bucky went red and turned his face away. Clint hooted. "This asshole," Clint said, "thinks he's Inspector Gadget. Go go gadget shoe, or whatever."Steve shook his head. "What," he said.Natasha said, "He tried to open a bottle using his metal hand instead."Clint said, "It was amazing. I think JARVIS caught it on tape."Natasha said, "Glass went everywhere. Tony's roomba-bot freaked out and we had to send it to the cupboard." She huffed out a breath that might have been a giggle.Steve looked at all of them with dawning comprehension. "Are you all high?" he asked."No!" Clint said. "Yes.""Just a little," Natasha said. Her ears were red. "It's safe here.""I know it is," Steve said, and she nodded.Bucky said, "I didn't have a little. I had a lot."Clint leaned back against a cabinet and said, "So I'm visiting Bruce, right, all 'Welcome back to the Tower, glad you're here to stay this time.' And he's all research, therapy dog, papers, Tony, blah, blah, and then he pulls out, I shit you not, an entire fucking briefcase full of weed. It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.""Therapy dog?" Steve asked. The rest was too much.Bucky said, "His name is Shaggy."Natasha snorted. "Shaggy!"Bucky said, "I like Bruce. It was good to meet him. And the dog."Steve looked at Bucky, at the ease of his body and the slight smile on his face. Some of his hair was coming out of its tie, and it fell over his eyes and made him look so young. Steve cleared his throat and said, "I'll just," he pointed behind him. "Have fun. Don't drive anywhere."Natasha frowned at him, a slight pucker between her eyebrows. "You know you can stay," she said.Steve felt 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Families of Choice
First Kiss
Sweet

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

