Chapter 1: Meeting with a god
    




Chapter Text
 Please allow me to introduce myself I'm a man of wealth and taste I've been around for a long, long year Stole many a man's soul to wasteSo if you meet me Have some courtesy Have some sympathy, and some taste Use all your well-learned politesse Or I'll lay your soul to waste, mm yeah
~The Rolling Stones, Sympathy for the Devil
 You glanced at him over the rim of your tea cup. Good thing he does not know it's empty by now and you were merely using it to hide behind, so not to be blatantly and obviously staring at him.
It was unfair.
The thought lingered in your mind as you admired the way the sun put little highlights in the raven-black hair, that curled up slightly at the ends. His eyes were cast down, his attention focused on the paper in front of him and the contrast of his dark lashes against the pale skin made the already long eyelashes appear even longer.
Utterly unfair - that guys like him were blessed with such eyelashes.
Not to speak of the flawless skin and finely cut face ... and the silky hair.He made you feel rather grey and ordinary. Like an ordinary mortal, while he looked like a perfect god as he sat there opposite you at his desk, with the afternoon sun flowing in through the large window behind his chair. He even behaved like a god. Albeit an arrogant one, who seemed to have no time to waste with lesser mortals. You had worked with him for three days, had watched him interact with his employees and could tell what kind of man he was.
The asshole kind.
But while the others were intimidated by his arrogant and unpredictable behaviour, you were intimidated by his beauty.
It was unfair that men like him were so damn beautiful.
“When you are done staring, it would be good if you could return to your work, since you wish to finish this by tonight. I won't pay you any extra time.”
Oops. Caught.
You cleared your throat and set the empty cup on the table to grab a pile of papers.“Sorry for staring, I was lost in thought.” You quickly added, trying to sound apologetic.“I don't pay you for thinking either.”
Then don't distract me with your looks – and your language.
Apart from looking the part, he also had a lovely British accent and a rather eloquent way of expressing himself.
Beautiful.
It wasn't his fault. You had a thing for beautiful things. Paintings, landscapes, people, clothes, words, language.Beauty enthralled you.Thank god, this guy was such an ass, otherwise you may have fallen for him. Melted into a puddle, right there at his very feet - you smirked at the thought. But luckily you valued outer beauty just as much as inner beauty. And he certainly lacked the latter.The past three days had passed in near silence, even for you, who were used to spending a lot of time on your own this was rather unusual. God, you had spent ten to twelve hours a day in the same room with this man and had barely spoken a word to him or he to you, as a matter of fact, that was except for – would you like more tea? Can Sarah get you anything? It is time for lunch.He had his secretary, Sarah, go out and bring you food and snacks and anything really that you would have asked for. As long as you stayed and worked through those files with him. It was a miracle he allowed you to leave to go to the bathroom. Maybe it was the spell of silence you tried to break or maybe something inside you wanted to hear a little more of that velvet voice with the beautiful accent, whatever it was, when he leaned back and reached for his glasses, you took the opportunity to strike up a conversation.“Why do you even do this?”“I beg your pardon?” He glanced at you with a look on his face that was evidently questioning your sanity for asking him a simple question.“This.” You gestured at the files that were stacked on the desk. “Aren't you the CEO of this company? I mean, don't you have people who do this kind of work for you?”He sighed, adjusted his glasses and brought his attention back to the stack of files in front of him.“We managed to work in relative silence for three days and now you decide to ruin the pleasant atmosphere by trying make conversation?”“I am sorry, your majesty, I was unaware that conversation was not in my contract.”It slipped out of your mouth before you could stop yourself. And you bit your lip. “You don't have a contract.”“At least that means you can't fire me for snarky replies.”You bit your lip harder. Ok, maybe you were pushing it a little, but you could not help it. And really, what was the worst thing that could happen to you for being sassy? Well, he could throw you out without paying you - and Thor would probably be upset for organising a job for you and you blowing it in the last hours of work, because you could not keep your mouth shut.To your surprise, Loki ignored your reply.“I do it, because I enjoy it. I can relax. I do not have to think. It is - it was - a rather peaceful and quiet job, until my brother begged me to babysit his new girlfriend, who a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/OFC
Loki/you

freeform: 
POV Second Person
Loki is your boss
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki is an ass
Thor Is a Good Bro
Loki/Marvel AU
Thor is your buddy
Hela is Loki and Thor's sister
Freeform
Loki (Marvel) Free Form
Slow Romance
work relationship to lovers
Loki is difficult
Loki is caring
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
AU
inspired by myth and marvel
lots of teasing and sexual tension
Dom Loki
Kinky and dominant Loki
Sweet Loki (Marvel)
Sexual Content

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/OFC
Loki/you

