Work Text:

Contrary to popular belief, Steve knew he had fucked up. He knew he should have told Tony about his parents, but who could blame him for not after seeing how Tony reacted? He was protecting his friend, surely Tony could understand that? If Tony wouldn’t do the same for Rhodes, were they 

actually 

best friends? Steve did what any good friend would do. 

 

Steve didn’t understand, then, why Tony couldn't forgive him. They 

both 

fucked up; Tony brought his Accords to the table to collar them all to corrupt governments. For a self-proclaimed genius (and sometimes Steve had his doubts about the man’s supposed genius), Tony was remarkably stupid during the Accords situation. 

 

Especially after what they had been to each other. Steve had thought Tony loved him. They had been dating for almost two years when the “Civil War” happened, and Steve had hoped that Tony would remember those days and realize he was being petty. Sure, their relationship wasn’t perfect. Tony still spent too much time in the lab, was confrontational and rude sometimes, and refused to follow orders. But Steve had thought he could fix that, fix 

Tony

, so he stayed with the genius even when he drove Steve up the wall. They had it good, then Tony had to go ruin everything with his Accords. 

 

When they had come back, Steve was willing to let bygones be bygones. Eager for it, actually. Tony needed a guiding influence like him and his team, not the enablers he found in the New Avengers. But apparently, their time away wasn’t enough to make Tony see his mistakes or stop being petty. No matter, Steve could wait. Now that Bucky was back in cryo (which saddened Steve; he 

knew 

Tony could help with the triggers, but for some reason the man refused), he had time for Tony that he didn't before. He could wait. 

 

However, Tony sank to newer and newer lows, going so far as to fake a relationship with the pretentious Sorcerer Supreme to make Steve jealous. He remembered Stephen Strange from when he was a rich genius like Tony, but in the medical field. He hadn’t liked Strange much, had found the man’s arrogance and ego irritating (and the way that Strange had thought 

Iron Man 

was the leader of the Avengers set him on edge. Tony simply didn’t have the leadership skills). But Strange and Tony had gotten on like old friends, which maybe they were. Tony 

knew 

Steve didn’t like the man, which was probably why he of all people was chosen for Tony’s lie. 

 

Tony didn't even show up when he and his team came home. At the airport, there was a group of assorted suits, but none of the New Avengers or Tony (later, CNN would run stills of where they were; eating pizza in downtown New York for “team bonding”). If Steve was angry, that was nothing compared to the rest of his team. 

 

“What an asshole,” Clint seethed. “Couldn’t even send us a car.” They had to take a shuttle to the Compound, surrounded by armed agents. It was… 

uncomfortable

, to say the least, to be treated like dangerous criminals. 

 

Wanda was incandescent with rage, red mist collecting to the point where she was threatened with power suppression cuffs. Sam and Lang were sitting there quietly disappointed, but Steve could tell how angry they were. 

 

“He can’t let go of his ego and admit he was wrong,” Natasha said plainly. “Steve will set him straight, though.”

 

Steve nodded firmly. “Yes, I will,” he said. “This kind of behavior is unacceptable from a teammate.”

 

“I don't want to be on a team he’s on,” Wanda hissed. “He killed my parents! Pietro!”

 

“We’ll get him relegated to funding and maintenance, like he was meant to,” Steve soothed. “We can find a new Iron Man pilot.”

 

One of the agents scoffed softly. “You know he 

is 

Iron Man, right?” he asked. “He built that suit in a cave with a box of scraps. It’s death on legs; Stark could decimate entire countries with it but he’s still willing to submit to accountability. I sure as hell wouldn’t trust another pilot with that kind of power.”

 

“You don’t know him like we know him,” Steve swore darkly. “He’s a good man, deep down, but he’s rash, reckless, and impulsive. He shouldn’t have a suit capable of that much destruction.”

 

“Then who should?” Another agent chimed in. 

 

Steve was getting annoyed; who were these people to barge into his private conversation with his team? “I don’t know yet,” he said tersely, ending the conversation.

 

The agents snickered, but didn’t say anything for the rest of the ride. They pulled into the Compound fairly quickly after that, Steve grimacing when the turn onto the driveway seemed unnecessarily sharp and Wanda hit the window.

 

“Welcome to Avengers’ Compound,” a tired-looking Maria Hill was waiting to greet them. “Unfortunately, the New Avengers are out and about today, so you can meet them all later. Maps and rules of the Compound were in your introduction packets, which I’m sure you’ve read fully. FRIDAY will assist you if you need it.” She walk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Delusions
delusional steve
Creepy Steve
he came off a little creepier than i meant him to
One-Sided Attraction
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
IronStrange
Protective Stephen Strange
POV Steve Rogers
Angry Tony Stark
bad language
Tony has a potty mouth
teen for swearing
Unhealthy Relationships
Dysfunctional Relationships

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

