Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The board meeting had, if not nothing, successfully put one Tony Stark to sleep. He had spent the last several days locked in his lab, running solely off of bitter, albeit heavenly, coffee and an odd sandwich here and there, finishing up new prototypes for Stark Industries. If it hadn’t been for Pepper literally dragging him out of his workshop by the collar, for the meeting, he would probably still be tinkering with the Iron Man suit at the least. The protruding dark circles under his eyes, and sunken face did nothing to hide the pure exhaustion Tony felt not only physically but mentally.In all fairness, even if Tony hadn’t been working on those prototypes he still would’ve found himself hunched over a screen trying to busy his mind with a new project. Tony had neither had a proper meal, or consistent sleep for what seemed like weeks. He couldn’t bare the thought of waking up in a cold sweat from another nightmare, alone in his tauntingly large bed.The Avengers moving into the tower had been a big change, although it made Tony feel slightly less lonely, it had also put Tony on edge. He had to be more careful when he relaxed, hold his head together so he wouldn’t slip. It had been too long since Tony had last been able to have some down time, the fear constantly eating at him. Nobody could know, hell he shouldn’t have ever given into it to begin with but now he wanted nothing more than to go home, and curl into his favorite blanket, let his mind wander.It really shouldn’t have been a big deal, afterall classifications were a natural part of everyday life. Science had proved that it was a part of our biological needs and for that everyone was required, by law, to go in and have an official classification at the age of 18. Classifications ranged from caregivers to littles to baselines with tendencies of either.Tony remembered the day he had been classified very clearly, the sheer disgust and disapproval on his father's face would forever be burned into the back of his head. The Starks had gone through a lot of trouble to cover up Tony’s classification, it would’ve ruined them. For all that anyone knew, Tony Stark was a baseline and Tony was determined to keep it that way. The only people who knew of his true classification had long passed, not even Pepper or Rhodey knew of his dirty little secret.  The board meeting had finally ended and Tony practically ran out the door, heading straight for the elevators. He was going to grab a quick cup of coffee from the kitchen on the communal floor before retiring to his lab. Thankfully none of the team was on the floor when the doors opened, meaning Tony could slip in and out undetected. Once Tony had gotten his coffee, a soft smile spread on his face as he took in the scent, the doors to the elevators had closed and just as Tony was about to hit the floor to the lab when JARVIS spoke out.“Sir, might I suggest some rest before continuing in the lab, you have not had a proper nights sleep in several weeks” JARVIS so duly pointed out.“I’m fine J” Tony answered automatically, without faltering.“But, Sir-” , “Mute.” Tony interrupted before JARVIS could finish. He just really needed to busy himself, he couldn’t risk waking up in his headspace with his current urges.**It had been at least another 48 hours before he was stumbling out of his workshop in search of some food and more coffee before he would continue his work. The exhaustion was starting to blur the line between headspaces and Tony needed caffeine to pull him back. Without thinking too much about it, Tony set out for the communal floor.When he got there he noticed Clint playing with a toy bow in view of Coulson and Bruce snuggled up to Thor’s side as his eyes were set on the cartoons in front of them. Natasha was working on some case files at the table, and Steve was sketching something in his book. It wasn’t often that everyone was able to gather together and Tony just had to pick the one instance that they were.Without drawing too much attention, Tony started to make himself another sandwich and pour a cup of freshly brewed coffee. Everything was going perfectly until he had to go and spill scathing hot coffee on himself and drop the glass mug to the floor. Really he should’ve just cursed under his breath and started to clean up the mess without a fuss but he was already teetering between head spaces and he couldn’t help the small whimper that escaped before he was sobbing out loud. He was just so goddamn tired and this had been his breaking point.Steve had been the first by his side, trying to coax him away from the broken glass on the floor, while Coulson and Natasha focused on cleaning up the mess. Tony realized his slip up and bolted for the elevator, muffling his sobs and closing the doors before anyone could catch up to him. He had JARVIS take him up to his floor where he hid under his covers, shaking uncontrollably, covering his eyes and hoping that this was all a bad dream and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Thor
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Diapers
Age Play
Classifications
bottles
Littles Are Known
Little!Tony
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Daddy!Thor
little!Clint
Little!Bruce
daddy!Phil
Infantilism
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Phil Coulson
Parent Thor (Marvel)
Pacifiers
Non-Sexual Age Play
Cuddling & Snuggling
alternative universe - littles are known
Age Regression/De-Aging
alternative universe
Bedwetting
Stucky - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Thor
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

