Work Text:
“I don’t support this idea,” Pepper Potts announced that morning before she left the penthouse to attend the first of her many important and never-ending meetings.
Harley Keener, who was practically in love with Pepper Potts, said, “I don’t care if you support it, we’re doing it.” He then promptly slammed his mouth shut, eyes wide at the fact that he’d just sassed his personal hero.
Pepper raised a single, perfect eyebrow at him, taking in the fear in his eyes, then nodded. “You remember this feeling next time you want to talk back,” she said.
“I will, ma’am,” Harley replied.
Next to him, Peter Parker restrained himself enough not to laugh, while Tony Stark, in the kitchen, did no such thing.
Pepper slipped her bag onto her elbow and nodded, once, precise. “Alright. I’ll see you all this evening. Tony, I expect you in the shareholders meeting at one. And boys, I expect to not be cleaning up any vomit when I get back.”
“I haven’t puked since 2010,” Peter said.
“That’s such a lie,” Harley replied. “You vomited in the trash after the Cyclone at Coney Island.”
“And you will not be vomiting anywhere but the toilet,” Pepper said with a pointed finger.
“Why do you think I’m gonna throw up?” Peter called, indignant, at Pepper’s retreating back. She didn’t dignify it with a response before stepping into the elevator.
Tony, leaning against the kitchen island, sent them a pointed look. “DUM-E’s not cleaning up the puke either,” he said.
“I’m not gonna throw up! Come on!”
Harley laughed as Peter huffed, throwing himself back into his seat. Harley drained the last of his orange juice before getting up.
“Let’s get going, I’m starving.”
“You know we have perfectly good food here,” Tony pointed out, but Harley waved him off as Peter climbed out of his chair.
“Sure, but there’s no challenge to it here.”
“Why would you want a challenge with your food? Food is not meant to be challenging.”
“Get with the times, Mr Stark,” Peter said, following Harley through the kitchen and towards the elevator. “I might win a free t-shirt today.”
Tony blinked. “I’m a billionaire, kid. I could just buy you a t-shirt.”
“Yeah, but I wouldn’t have earned it.”
Harley kicked up his skateboard as they went, and a moment later they were standing in the elevator, ready to head off for breakfast. It was a little after nine AM on a Saturday morning, and Harley had been planning this day with a level of precision that Pepper would’ve been proud of, if she hadn’t been so dumbfounded by the idea.
Peter, when Harley presented the idea, had immediately agreed, as Harley expected. He then watched a lot of Man vs Food and competitive eaters to prepare. He also raced Harley and Ned in a pie-eating contest the weekend before, MJ judging as she didn’t want to look like a “raspberry stained moron”. Peter had come in first by a long way, thanks to a combination of his research, enhanced speed and super metabolism.
Harley was optimistic about the day.
 
-
 
They started at Mother’s Cupboard in Manhattan. It was a hole-in-the-wall type place with little seating, but they secured a table and ordered Waffles for Harley and the Frittata Challenge for Peter.
The server behind the counter raised her eyebrows. “You’re tiny,” she said. “Not—not that I mean that in a bad way. But, you’re tiny. You know what’s in the Frittata Challenge, right?”
Peter nodded, and recited, “Six pounds of scrambled eggs, sausage, pepperoni, and hash browns.”
“Thousands of people have attempted the challenge,” Harley added, “but ninety-five percent failed.”
The woman eyed them for a moment and nodded. “If you finish it you get a t-shirt and your photo on the wall. If you finish it.”
“That’s the plan, ma’am,” Harley said with a smile. The server shrugged and charged them, then told them the food would be delivered to their table.
Peter tilted his head at Harley when they were seated. “You sound more Southern when you say ‘ma’am’.”
“That’s because I am Southern,” Harley replied, mild.
Soon enough, the food arrived, and Harley filmed it for his Instagram story.
“My breakfast,” he said, pointing the camera at his waffles, lightly drowned in syrup. “Peter’s breakfast.” He moved the camera to the literal mound of food sitting on the other side of the table. Peter pulled out his knife and fork and Harley stopped the video. He added a location tag to the story, then pushed his phone aside.
“Win us a t-shirt, Parker.”
 
-
 
Peter won the t-shirt within forty minutes. It was a big meal and Harley was pretty sure it got cold within the first twenty, but Peter didn’t complain, just kept slogging through it.
“Easy,” he said, throwing down his napkin when he was done.
The server came over, her eyes bugging out of her head. “You, and your tiny body, ate that.”
“I take a size medium, actually,” Peter replied.
The server found him a t-shirt (Mother’s Cupboard was written on the front in the logo, and I completed the Frittata Challenge! on the back) and Peter held it up for Harley’s Insta story, the word
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teen for language
Peter says Fuck
Man vs Food
food challenge
Fluff
half hearted crack
not the drug kind of course
dont do drugs

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

