Chapter 1: Of New Sights and Colors
    


Notes:
Leave it to Spider-Man to be the thing that actually makes me try and post something in years. I just really want to play around with these characters, man! There's so many things that can be delved into, yo.Certain chapters will get DARK! But I will be sure to warn when they do. If you have not read the Spider-Noir comics, be hella warned, they're pretty damn grim, but they're also pretty solid. Gotta love that angst. Anyway, welcome to the sand-box!Let's get started.DO NOT COPY TO OTHER SITES




Chapter Text
             It was horrifying. It was dizzying. His mind spiraled in a million different directions, his body pressing against hard concrete as he desperately attempted to draw breath into his lungs, fingers scrabbling at the building, seeking something, anything that he could use to ground himself. He closed his eyes, tilting his head back, trying to focus on the roughness of the concrete that he could feel, ripping his gloves off in order to be that much closer, barely remembering to shove them in a pocket as he did so. He didn’t even notice the fact that his fingers had dug into the rough edges to the point where they were starting to bleed.             His breath was still rattling in his lungs, his body still tense, but if he kept his eyelids closed, he could at least pretend that nothing had changed.             What had happened?             One moment, Peter had been swinging after some two-bit crooks, intent on putting them on ice after they had shot up one of the poorer localities…and in Hooverville, that was saying something. The next, he had somehow swung into something that squeezed him tighter than the Sandman, and hit harder, too. When he finally was spat out of whatever it was that caught him, he found himself here. This…this…             Peter didn’t know what this was. He didn’t know what was surrounding him, had no idea what was happening, why he was here, where here even was! What was happening? Slowly, slowly, Peter peered out through his goggles, his eyes squinted as narrow as he could make them and still be able to see.             It was like an icepick was driving into his skull.             Peter closed his eyes again, heaving a breath in, and letting it whistle out.             He was having a panic-attack, pressed to the side of an unknown building, and all because he didn’t know what he was seeing. What an absolute clusterfuck. This was stupid, this wasn’t him. He had adjusted to being bitten by a spider and seeing a Spider-God before him, he had adjusted to being able to shoot webs out of his own wrists, and climb on walls - he could do this.             He could do this.             He opened his eyes and kept them open against the searing brilliance that pierced him and forced himself to actually look at what surrounded him. It made his eyes water and his pupils kept sliding over everything, unable to focus on what he was seeing. Eventually finding it too much, he instead turned his attention up, away from the flashing of…whatever it was. Was he having a stroke? A seizure? What the fuck was going on?             Focus on the sky, Pete, focus on the sky, he thought to himself, heaving in another deep breath. The sky was…the sky was odd, too. It was as open and as big as his own, but the…he didn’t even know what to call it. He didn’t know what it was that was spread out over him, that was tinting everything… Peter focused on the big fluffy clouds that drifted across the sun, taking in their appearance, the way they were so normal, and finally closed his eyes again.             Maybe this was it, maybe he was dying.             A sudden pain lanced through his head, a sharp and sudden feeling that was like his spider-sense was on overdrive, giving him the feeling like there were a million spiders crawling up his spine. His eyes flew open and there was something else over him.             Peter’s first thought was to reach for his gun, to shoot the thing that was between him and the semi-familiar sight of the sky, but the thought faded as quickly as it came. As soon as he made…eye-contact? with the thing that was above him, the feeling of spiders changed to something else. Something familiar. It almost hurt, but it didn’t, a feeling of such strong connection it was almost like he was looking at himself in the mirror.             “You…” he started softly, distantly recognizing another softer, distorted, and certainly more feminine voice say the words at the same time, “you’re like me…”             A…hatch for lack of a better word, opened up in the strange metallic thing that rested over him, blocking the sun, and a…little girl stared down at him, her eyes wide and…he hadn’t ever seen eyes like that before. A little too big, a little too bright, but at the same time he still felt like he knew them. He felt like he knew the one that was looking at him, like he was connected to her. It was an odd thought and he wasn’t sure how
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jefferson Davis/Rio Morales
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Noir is a gift
Found Family
the world needs a spider-fam
Panic Attacks
gonna get kind of grim
but it gets better
Timeline Shenanigans
Spider-Noir will have a lot of focus
Cussing
spider-fam
Peni is a treasure
Injury and recovery
Happy Ending
should be some decent Shenanigans TM
noir needs a hug
protective Spiders
Miles has a Kick-Ass Normal Fam
let's hear it for Rio and Jefferson
Jefferson Davis is a trooper
Rio Morales is a champ
Family Bonding
identity reveals
lots of identity reveals
Peter B knows his shit
rotating perspective!
everyone's gonna get their turn
now with accurate spanish
Jefferson Davis just wants to dad everyone
rio morales is everyone's mom
canonical teenager spider-noir
Suicidal Ideation
Noir is in a Rough Place
The Spider God is a dick
“The Curse of Power”
mild cosmic horror
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
All Peter Parkers are Jewish
Graphic Description of Corpses
chapter 19 should be the only thing that contains this
chapter 20 has reference to the KKK
the KKK SUCK
the 30s was whack
chapter 22 has TEMPORARY character death
they're fine
Podfic Welcome
but be warned it's fucking long

fandom: 
Jefferson Davis/Rio Morales
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

