Chapter 1: September
    




Chapter Text
September:
“Watch it, Penis!”
Peter grumbled when his forehead connected with the unyielding metal of his locker eliciting a loud bang. Despite it not hurting much due to his spider powers, Peter still made a show of rubbing the spot and scowling at Flash as he laughed at him on his way to class. His school bully was an irritation, for sure, but, a minor one in the grand scheme of things. Like a slightly itchy tag on a scale that goes up to ‘being turned to dust on an alien planet’. And in weird way, Peter kind of appreciated the unchanging megalith that was Flash Thompson being an asshole. Peter’s life had gotten weird in the past few years, but at least this one thing stayed the same.  
“You okay, Peter?” 
Peter gave Ned a genuine smile, eyes crinkling from the sheer force of it. “Hey, man!” he greeted his best friend excitedly. 
He closed his locker and shifted his calculus textbook into his left arm so they could perform their handshake.
“How was Wakanda?” Ned asked in what Peter knew was meant to be a hushed voice, but Ned Leeds wasn’t known for being inconspicuous. 
Peter glanced around quickly, but as usual, no one was bothering to pay them any attention. The advantage of being the pariahs of the school. The anonymity was something Peter savored, knowing it was going to be in short supply in the near future. “It was so cool,” he said finally, childish excitement bleeding into his voice, raising it a few octaves. “Shuri’s gonna visit next time. You know she hasn’t ever, like, properly visited the states? She wants to be a tourist- foam Statue of Liberty crown and everything!” 
“Your life is so weird, Peter. Okay, when the Princess comes we have to take her to Eddie’s, that’s nonnegotiable,” Ned started to ramble. 
The bell cut off what certainly would have been a rant about how amazing the chocolate malt shake at the old soda pop shop was. No doubt the chocolate malt shake deserved many sonnets written about it, but Peter was mostly interested in getting to class and settling back into a normal schedule after missing three days of school for his strange secret life that involved science binges with a literal Princess and his adoptive father, Tony Stark. Yup, weird. 
As they entered first period AP Chemistry and sat down, Ned asked, “Hey, when does MJ get back from Japan. She’s in Japan, right? Jeez, it’s gotten so hard to keep track.”
Peter sighed like the love-sick puppy he was. He hadn’t seen his girlfriend outside of skype calls in two weeks. “She and Pepper should be getting back tonight,” he said wistfully.
“Ugh, dude, wipe the drool off your chin,” Ned said, wrinkling his nose.
“I’m not drooling,” he said defensively, but wiped his sleeve across his chin just in case.
Ned smirked at him, but it wasn’t Peter’s fault he had an amazing girlfriend who just so happened to have impressed the CEO of Stark Industries so much Pepper Potts herself took the high school girl under her wing and began grooming her for the world of business and teaching her the tricks involved with the job of wrangling a science-minded, superhero boyfriend into line. Tony and he shared a common awe which bordered on genuine fear of their significant others. It was a healthy amount of fear. 
In any case, Pepper had had a string of meetings in Japan and MJ, as her personal intern/assistant had tagged along. It had been a long and lonely two weeks. Peter couldn’t wait for MJ to step off the plane. The second she was on American soil he’d sweep her up and-
“Drooling again,” Ned said in a sing song voice. 
“Shut up,” Peter muttered back. 
“All right class, focus up. I know you’ve all been eagerly awaiting the announcement of the senior field trip…”
Any hushed conversations the class might have been having tapered off. The Senior Field Trip was always legendary. Last year, one of the seniors’ mothers worked backstage for Hamilton and got the whole class super discounted seats for the show. Everyone waited with baited breath as Mr. Harrington drew out the silence for the sake of the dramatic reveal. 
“This year, we have been fortunate enough to have been granted a full access tour of the Avengers compound, including a meet and greet with the Avengers themselves,” he said.
The class erupted into excited whispers, meanwhile, Peter couldn’t help the groan that escaped his lips as he dropped his head onto the table with an audible thunk. Next to him, Ned dissolved into a fit of giggles. 
“I can’t believe you’re going to take a tour of your own home and have a meet and greet with your extended family,” Ned titters, for once at an acceptable level. “Wait till MJ finds out.”
Peter already knew exactly how his girlfriend would react. She’d whip out her sketchpad and add Peter’s face to her ever-growing collection of reactionary pieces. At this point she could probably submit a portfolio to an art school of just “Peter looking distressed” and get in. If she wasn’t so dead set on going to Harvard to st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
IronDad and SpiderSon
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
BAMF Michelle Jones
Fix-It
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
team iron man AND team cap cause I have an opinion but I'm not unreasonable
peter and mj are a power couple
how do tag
seriously help
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Everyone lives
DENIAL ISN'T JUST A RIVER IN EGYPT

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

