Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It took Tony almost six hours to work his way through all the stages of grief. That might sound fast to the average person but between the lack of anything else to do while lying in a dead suit in a frozen bunker in Siberia and Tony’s admittedly remarkable brain, six hours was pretty good. He spent most of his time in denial and anger before zipping his way past bargaining and wallowing in depression for a while. When he finally reached acceptance, he nodded at it and decided that it was time to go back to anger. 
Apart from the fact that anger kept him warm, it also seemed the most sensible reaction to the shit show of the last few days. It also gave him the momentum to force the right arm of his dead suit over just far enough that he was able to hit one of the suit’s hidden full manual release switches. He had two sorts of manual release switches in the suit. The more obvious and easier to reach ones were for individual sections of the armour but there were three well-hidden manual release switches that would cause the entire armour to fall apart into sections. 
He could have reached a couple of the individual switches at any time but they wouldn’t help since the only ones he could reach from here would release the chest and pelvis sections and they weren’t designed for that sort of release when he was lying down… at least not without having someone there to remove them from his body before the weight got too much. The full release would actually jettison the chest and pelvis pieces. Not far or with any great force but just enough to get them clear of his body. He’d always figured if he ever needed to use them, he might well be in poor shape.
As turned out to be the case. 
His efforts were rewarded when he finally reached the switch and punched it. The armour did nothing for just long enough to make Tony worry then, with a screeched of tortured, twisted metal, the chest piece was punched away by the hydraulics, quickly followed by the pelvic piece. He immediately felt better even with the resultant rush of freezing air over his body making him shiver and his breathing eased a little. The rest of the armour then fell away and he slowly and very gingerly sat up in the remains of the suit.
He poked gently at his chest and winced as the pain spiked with every light touch. That… did not feel good and given he was struggling to draw in a full breath, he knew that the internal injuries were probably not something he wanted to think about too much right now either. He reached over to the helmet and dragged it to him. A few moments of prying released the comm unit from inside the helmet then he crawled over to the chest piece and with a groan, turned it over and opened one of the storage caches where he stored some of his spare batteries. A few minutes later, he had a functioning comm unit which he immediately put on.
“FRI?”
“Boss!” FRIDAY said with open relief. “Are you alright?”
“Not really, baby girl,” Tony replied. “I need you to send a medevac for me. Contact the Russian authorities for permission. I spoke with them on the way in so they know I’m here.”
“Yes, boss.”
There were a few moments of silence which Tony used to haul himself over to the wall and slump down against it. His anger was simmering under the surface, just where he liked it. He’d never been the type to be consumed with anger or to rage and scream. Even his recent outburst was more a result of overwhelming feelings of grief and betrayal than anger. His anger, at its best, simmered under the surface and inspired him, as the Ten Rings had found out to their misfortune. And now, Rogers and his merry band of morons were going to find out as well. As soon as he got the hell out of here anyway.
“Boss? I have the Russian Ministers of Defence, Foreign Affairs, Internal Affairs and Emergency Situations on the line. They wish to speak to you.”
Tony grimaced. “Yeah, okay, put them on.”
“Dr Stark. This is the Minister for Defence. Your medevac has been approved for entry into the Russian Federation. However, we need to know the situation in the bunker. Have the Winter Soldiers been released?”
Tony drew in a breath and knew he had to make a decision right now about what he was going to do. The anger lying under his skin made that easy. He’d spent years protecting the Avengers from their own idiocy and mistakes. All he’d gotten for that was derision and abuse and lies. No more. Tony had always allowed enormous amounts of latitude for those he considered friends or family but the Avengers had proven they were neither. So, now they would be treated in the same way he treated those who were not his friends.
“No,” he said firmly then coughed slightly as that made his chest ache. “The Winter Soldiers were dead before we arrived. Zemo had shot them all.”
“Then the medevac?”
“For me,” Tony replied. “This was a trap specifically directed at… well, at me, I suppose. Helmut Zemo had a tape of my parents being murdered by the Winter Soldier.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Author is salty
Comments moderated due to trolls
Tony is Pissed off
and not inclined to put up with anyone's crap anymore
Not A Fix-It
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Iron Family for the win!
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

