Work Text:
Clint didn't really think of what might happen when you prank a four-year-old child.Said child, Peter Stark, son of Tony Stark, lived in the tower with them. He was a cute kid, and he was very attached to his father, and vice versa. Said father was out at a meeting regarding Stark Industries, and the rest of the Avengers were left to look after the child while he was gone. Peter was currently in the living room with Steve and Natasha, playing with his Legos while clinging onto Steve like he was about to disappear. After Tony, Steve was the kid's favourite, and he never stopped showing off his toys to the man. If Clint got a say in it, he would assume that little Peter had a crush on Captain America. It was adorable.Clint and Sam had been in the kitchen getting ready for their prank. It was harmless, they didn't think it was going to cause such a hoo-hah and they definitely didn't expect so many tears and disapproving stares from Steve and Natasha. They had purchased a plastic spider, (it was huge, almost as big as both his hands together) and were planning on simply sneaking up on Peter and putting it on his head. They definitely didn't expect Peter to react the way he did, but when Clint thought back on it, maybe it was a bit much for an innocent four-year-old who was literally terrified of everything.They had come into the room, all normal, Sam holding the rubber spider behind his back while looking at the unsuspecting child sitting in Steve's lap, happily showing off his Legos and asking Steve to help him build with them. Natasha was staring at them with a scrutinising stare, eyes narrowed which told them that she knew something was up. Steve and Peter were completely unsuspecting, not even acknowledging their presence.So, Sam sat on the couch that Steve was leaning on while sitting on the floor, directly where he would be able to place the toy spider on the top of Peter's head. Natasha was still looking at him, eyebrows raised, a glare set deep in her face. Her glare deepened when Sam revealed the spider, and before she could open her mouth to stop them, Sam all but placed the Spider on Peter's head.Even Steve jumped, eyes wide for a few seconds with what Clint might have suspected was fear, though Peter just looked confused and reached up to touch what was on his head. Clint began yelling, going on with the prank."Peter! Oh my God! There's a- there's a spider on your head!" Clint saw the moment that the smile on Peter's little face morphed into fear, his face scrunching up immediately letting everyone know that he was about to cry. "It's so big, Peter! Someone get it off!""You fucking idiots." Natasha muttered as she knelt onto the floor in front of Peter and Steve, Steve already reaching up to grab the fake spider off of Peter's head. Peter started crying immediately after that, hands raised halfway to his head as Steve plucked the spider off of his hair. Clint felt himself pale when he realised what exactly they had made Peter do, judging from the wet patch that was spreading across his Hulk-themed pyjama pants. Steve turned his head to glare at them when he noticed, his eyes blazing with anger that Clint took a step back. The super soldier passed the fake spider to Natasha as he pulled Peter closer to him, Natasha already talking to Peter as he sobbed. "It's alright, sweetheart, it's not a real spider. See, it's fake. Uncle Clint and Uncle Sam were just joking with you. That wasn't a very nice joke, was it?"Clint immediately felt horrible when the last sentence was directed at both him and Sam, and by the look on Sam's face, he did too. Peter was sobbing, shrinking away from the rubber spider in Natasha's hands and into Steve's chest, Steve already standing up with Peter wrapped up in his arms, despite the definite piss covering the both of them. Once Steve was standing, he took Peter out of the room after sending a another glare in Sam and Clint's direction.Once the two of them were gone, Clint rubbed a hand down his face."Are you two serious?" Natasha snapped, walking right up to Sam and shoving the spider into his chest. "He's four. You'd be lucky if you haven't traumatised him about spiders for the rest of his life. Tony isn't gonna be happy.""We didn't think he'd react.. like that." Clint muttered, scratching the back of his neck. "It was meant to be a prank.""What else did you expect? He's only young. Screaming like that isn't going to make him laugh, it's going to make him terrified." Natasha replied, clearly refraining from punching the both of them in the face. "You'd better be prepared to apologise to both Peter and Tony."Then, Natasha was gone, and Clint and Sam were left to look at each other."Oops." Sam muttered, looking as guilty as Clint felt, and they both ended up bowing their heads in shame.Steve, on the other hand, was furious. He masked his anger when Peter was looking as he carried him down toward the lift, trying to ignore the uncomfortable feeling of his own wet pant
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kid Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Spiders
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Accidents
Wetting
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Crying
No Angst
Comfort
Parent Tony Stark
Awesome Clint Barton
Awesome Sam Wilson
Presents
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Father-Son Relationship
Apologies
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Small Time Jump at the End
POV Multiple
Awesome Steve Rogers
Very fluffy

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

