Work Text:
It was unspoken that all of the Avengers loved Spider-Man. Most would’ve even said that he’s their favourite, much to the misery of Stark’s ego. There was something about Spider-Man that everyone liked, whether it was his smartass quips or his morals that everyone strived for. Everyone liked Spidey.So, when Stark’s intern, Peter Parker, shows up with a similar cheek, some of the Avengers feel like there’s competition.-Natasha was the first one to meet Peter, besides Stark, Rhodey and Pepper.She had just finished playing a very hardcore game of Mario Kart with Clint. Natasha had won every game, which left Clint screaming at the screen about she was cheating. Natasha watched him with an amused, raised eyebrow.Once she had enough, she got up from her seat on the couch and headed towards the training room. No one was normally in there at this time, so Natasha took that for granted. She enjoyed the peace in which she trained in almost as much as she enjoyed kicking Clint’s ass at Mario Kart. Almost.As she approached the training room, Natasha started to hear tired grunts and the sound of fists hitting boxing equipment. That was new, no one was ever here during this time. Tony was in his lab, most likely with Bruce, Steve and Sam was out running and Clint was probably eating. Mario Kart was an exhausting sport.Sneaking her head around the corner, she saw a boy. He looked no older than sixteen, his hair was stuck down to his forehead with sweat and his face was scrunched up in focus.Despite making no noise, the boy’s head whipped round to where Natasha was watching him. He stumbled backwards and looked at her in surprise.“Oh!” The boy exclaimed. “Miss Black Widow, ma’am. I didn’t expect you to be here.”“Likewise,” She continued to stare at him, squinting her eyes at him. “You’ve got exactly ten seconds to explain who you are and how you have access to the Avengers private training room.” The kid didn’t look like much of a threat, but she still patted down the Widow Bites that resided on her hip. That caught the boy’s eyes as he visibly gulped.His eyebrows shot up before he answered, “Peter Parker, miss.” He held his hand out as a greeting, but once Natasha done nothing but just stare, he awkwardly retracted his hand. “I’m Mr. Stark’s personal intern. He lets me come in here, sometimes.”“FRIDAY?” Natasha asked, just for good measure.“Mr. Parker is telling the truth, Miss Romanoff.” FRIDAY’s monotone voice rang through the gym.Natasha stared the kid up and down and declared him harmless. “Alright,” She nodded briefly before walking past him. Natasha felt Peter’s confused gaze on her as she walked over to the other punching bag.Ignoring him, she jumped into the air and roundhouse kicked the bag. “You know,” Natasha started speaking as she continued to practice her attacks. “You should really focus on your defensive stance. It’s weak, easily penetrable.”“Oh, yes. Defensive stance,” Peter drawled out. “I can do that.” He slipped back into the way he was stood before Natasha walked in, it made her want to cry.She stopped what she was doing to look at him, “Square your shoulders out, you’re drooping. Turn your right foot away from the bag, yeah, like that,” Natasha instructed. “Bend your knees slightly, too.”“Thanks,” Peter beamed at her before continuing with his uppercuts at the bag. Natasha found herself slightly smiling back at him and then elbow striking her own punching bag. Natasha found Clint later in the day and asked out of no where, “Did you know Stark has a kid?”Clint just started her as if she had just said the most ludicrous sentence ever.“Yeah, he does. Nice kid. Reminds me of Spidey for some reason.” When Peter met up with Tony later in the day, he couldn’t stop smiling. When Tony finally asked him about it, Peter gushed, “I just got fighting tips from the Black Widow herself.”Peter’s eyes widened comically with excitement as he told Tony all about his afternoon. Tony just replied with a smile and a shake of his head.“Does this mean she knows?” Tony questioned after Peter had finally gotten all of his enthusiasm out.Peter watched him in puzzlement before it clicked, “Oh, man! I didn’t even think about that.” He groaned into his hands. “Do you think she knows?”“If she doesn’t already, give it a few days.” Tony shrugged, turning back to his new invention.-Clint met Peter the day after Nat. He was desperate to meet him after Natasha had mentioned him, so Clint expressed this to Tony.“No.” Tony had repeated for what seemed like the millionth time in the past hour. “Do you ever give up?” His eyes rolled back in exasperation.“Nah, not my style. So, can I meet him?” Clint stared at him the same way he had all afternoon, with big, hopeful eyes and a shit-eating grin. If Tony didn’t say yes soon, Clint was ready to start poking his arm for the next few hours. Clint wiggled his finger in preparation at the thought.“Same answer as always, Legolas. No.” Tony continued to tinker with his new version of Natas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov (background)

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Secret Identity Fail
Crack
Fluff
Humour
i think
cap gets bullied bless him
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Science Bros
is it romanoff or romanov?
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov (background)

