Work Text:
Bucky likes to lean against his locker after a nice long smoke outside with Nat and watch Steve Rogers switch out his books for his next class.The kid must weigh a grand total of ninety pounds dripping wet and looks like a strong breeze could knock him over, and yet there he stands, loading his backpack with textbooks as if they don’t make his back bend unnaturally when he slugs it on his shoulders and marches to class like he’s storming the Bastille. Or something. Bucky’s not so good with history.He usually trails after Rogers, following him even though half of Bucky’s classes are in the other direction. The only class they share is AP French, because Steve can speak enough to get by and Bucky’s practically fluent. Almost all his classes are languages, but Steve’s vary enough for Bucky not to be able to guess what Steve wants to do with his life. Well, that’s not true, everyone and their mother knows that Rogers wants to join the goddamn army. As if they’d ever take him.It’s not like Bucky stalks Steve or anything. It’s more that he finds him...interesting.Bucky might wear a leather jacket and dye the tips of his bangs different colours every month, but he’s still a person who’s interested in who he’s interested in. Just because he hangs out with Nat, the Ice Queen of the whole fucking school, and occasionally fools around with her, doesn’t mean he’s got a type, or even that he’s strictly into the ladies. For whatever reason though, he finds himself inevitably drawn towards a skinny little shit who doesn’t know when to shut his goddamn mouth and keep his head down.Bucky and Steve don’t interact; Bucky watches from the sidelines and Rogers probably only knows he exists from the huge fiasco in Junior year where some German asshole of an exchange student dislocated his left arm by pushing him off the roof of the pavilion where he likes to smoke and brood about the world in general.Bucky likes to think he looks out for the kid though, glaring at anyone who laughs when he drops his inhaler and slamming assholes who think hiding all of Steve’s clothes after gym is a funny thing to do into lockers. Sometimes though, Rogers brings it all upon himself. Bucky can’t help but cringe and hope no one will take him seriously when he pipes up about the treatment of the women in the books they read in French, when he walks up to guys and tells them to stop being such assholes, when he refuses to back down even when its four against one and their muscles are bigger than his head. Bucky agrees with Steve, he really does, but fuck it all if Rogers has a 4.0 GPA and zero common sense. They’re in a small town American high school for crying out loud, Steve should really expect what gets dished out to him.“Mooning over Rogers again?” Nat asks, flicking his ear and breaking him out of his train of thought.He scowls and smooths his hair down, even though Nat hasn’t touched it.“I’m not doin’ anythin’, leave me alone,” he mutters.Nat laughs, her red hair brushing her shoulders and swishing prettily, belying her true nature. Nat is a wasp dressed up as a bumble bee, happily buzzing until she decides she wants to sting. She links her arm through his and he pushes off the locker, whacking his foot against the metal and producing a loud clanging sound, making half the corridor jump and scuttle away.He wonders whether Steve would startle at the loud noises Bucky makes occasionally, suddenly, not just to be a dick and make people jump, but genuinely because he’s always been quiet up to the point when he’s not anymore, and that sometimes freaks people out. Bucky mostly stalks the hallways silently, his boots not even squeaking on the overshined floors, but sometimes he clatters down them like he’s on the warpath, for no particular reason, more that he just can, pure and simple.He thinks maybe Steve would roll his eyes at Bucky’s silent and mysterious assassin act and be amused when he decides to make as much noise as humanly possible. This, of course, is just speculation: Bucky doesn’t know Steve at all.He just really, really wants to.~*~School always runs slow like treacle, Bucky’s eyes feeling heavier by the hour and his craving for something to do with his fingers and mouth manifesting into a dire need for a cigarette. He and Nat smoke out behind the shed down the allotments, now that the pavilion is a no go for him, but it’s fucking freezing in the winter and hot as hell in the summer.Bucky sits and plucks at the threads of his tshirt for most of his classes, only paying attention to his language classes, and even then barely because he can breeze through them with his eyes closed. The people who know  (Nat and Clint, his immediate family, and maybe a few teachers), are impressed with his linguistic skills, but most in the school could not give less of a shit about him so most just don’t know about his talent. He started reading foreign newspapers as a kid when his dad would bring them home from wherever he’d been that time, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Pre-Serum
Skinny!Steve
punk!bucky
kind of but not really punk at all
more like a guy who just happens to wear a leather jacket and dye his hair
Fluff
Misunderstandings
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

