Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
 
 It was incredible how much difference one mistake could make to your life.Tony stood in the lounge of his new house as his father oversaw the movers unpacking the final items. As they left, his father turned to him."I hope that's everything you need. I've set up an allowance as well to cover food and things for when it arrives. If you need anything else, you can contact my PA and he can order it for you—within reason." His father sighed. "This whole thing would've been avoidable if you had actually used that brain of yours.”That hurt. Omegas had suffered in the past because of the fetishisation of heats and ruts by alphas and the widespread view that intercourse was best for an alpha when both cycles lined up.Accidental pregnancies were a lot less common since the rights movement and subsidisation of suppressants. Both partners had to be in the rut/heat part of their cycle respectively for pregnancy to occur, and the presence of one triggered the other. Suppressants prevented the trigger so your partner could see you through it safely.Tony had always been careful, taken his suppressants regularly. But something must’ve gone wrong; maybe he’d had a bad batch. His heat had come on unexpected and fast. But Ty had been on his rut suppressants, so they should've been fine. If Tony had known Ty had stopped taking his meds a month prior, he would've spent his heat on his own. Ty was a moron.His father shook his head before he walked out, his expression grimly disappointed.Tony stared out the window as the car drove away.He’d never really considered the idea of actually getting pregnant until it happened, and he’d certainly never considered the idea of being pregnant without being bonded to an alpha.Under the Bonding Act of 1921, if he was bonded to Tiberius, he would leave his parents’ home, have his pup and live happy with his alpha. However, without an alpha, the pregnancy became something shameful, something to be shunned for.His father had been clear Tony couldn’t remain in the manor; too many people would talk.Tony knew he was luckier than most. His father was a billionaire, so there were options to help him while still respecting societal expectations. Didn’t mean his father was inclined to be more helpful than necessary.Tony turned away from the window. The empty house stared back at him—his house. The house had been his grandparents’, left to his mother when they passed before Tony was born and left to him when she died. This had been a surprise to Tony since Howard had never mentioned it, but it was Tony’s name on the title now. A little 3-bedroom house in Shield, NY. It was smart thinking on his mother’s part—protection for him, he knew. Omegas couldn’t buy property; they could only own property that was inherited, and if a bond was broken the alpha took everything.This was his mother’s gift to him and his pup.It was old and any maintenance done since his mother’s time had clearly been minimal. It wasn’t much to look at. But it was his. And no one could take it.It would just be him and his kid here, he knew that.Another alpha could make a suit—without regular contact Ty’s lingering scent would fade, leaving Tony free to bond. But for an omega, the presence of a pup would be a red flag. No alpha wanted used goods. Which meant going through this whole thing alone. No support while he was pregnant, no hope of someone to help raise his kid.Alone at last, Tony finally dropped the calm mask he'd been wearing all day. Frustrated tears pricked his eyes. He'd have been better off if Ty had died. At least then Tony would’ve been respectably alpha-less, able to remain at home under his father's protection.He glared at the small rounded bump of his stomach for a moment. And then softened. It wasn't his pup's fault its father was a grade-A asshole who hit it and quit it. He rubbed the bump gently and sighed. "Guess it's just going to be you and me for a while, kid. I hope you can be patient with me while I work all of this out.” 
 Tony woke up a little disoriented. He blinked at the ceiling, confused, before he remembered where he was and why. He sighed.He rolled out of bed and opened the curtains. The master bedroom had a big window that looked out into the yard, and his view was very different to his one in New York.The town was small and picturesque, and his backyard backed onto a small river that flowed from Lake Ontario. It was the kind of place that omega magazines in the city said New Yorkers dreamed of. And it was his.The master bedroom was upstairs and had a walk-in wardrobe and a dated but clean en suite attached. The room was sparse. Building a nest had never interested him, so it wasn’t like he’d had a lot to bring.Engineering was his thing.Before all this, his life had been all set. His father's standing and money had meant that Tony had been allowed to attend university and study mechanical engineering—practically unheard of for an omega but not for the son of Howard Star
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Omega
Romance
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Pregnancy
Family Feels
Kid Fic
Angst
Domestic Fluff
Firefighter Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Small Town
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

