Chapter 1: At the Museum
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Myers, absolutely no one is impressed with that, cut the crap before I have to use my first aid kit.” Bucky glances up from his iPad to give Tom Myers  a look. The junior clambers down from where he’d been balancing on top of a handrail, trying to catch the eye of the rest of the class. “Good choice,” Bucky compliments, going back to the iPad to tap through for their tickets. “I didn’t actually pack the first aid kit.”Titters from the group erupt, and even Myers grins, ducking his head sheepishly. Bucky hides a smile as he finally finds the damn email and opens it: twenty tickets to the National Museum of American History for two adults and eighteen students.His fellow teacher, Elena Chavez, sidles up next to him and peers over his shoulder. “You lose the tickets, Barnes?”“No,” he mutters defensively, waving the tablet for her to see. “Found ‘em, right where I left ‘em.” He clears his throat and gestures for the class to circle up around him. “Alright, what’s the drill?”“No running. Or dance fighting,” Myers provides helpfully, no doubt remembering his spectacular run-in with the security guards at the National Portrait Gallery yesterday. Bucky nods, and Elena smiles kindly at the student.“No selfies,” Christophe adds.“Or photos of Mr. Barnes,” Jayden continues. “Even if he’s napping.”“For the last time, I wasn’t napping, I was” - Bucky pinches his nose when even Elena smirks at him - “Fine. Fine, I was napping, I’m only human. God. Anyway, seriously, what are we here for?”“We’re supposed to be looking for moments in time in American History where our national acceptance of modern ethics began to emerge.” Everyone looks over in surprise to Olivia, the only sophomore enrolled in AP Seminar, and she blushes and tucks her chin into the collar of her wool coat.“That’s right.” Bucky smiles at her encouragingly, a rare, full smile - he usually grins sardonically, and he even caught the kids making a “Murder-Eyes-Barnes” meme last year, which shouldn’t have excited him as much as it did - and Olivia hides her face even more, going so far as to tug her scarf up. Luckily, it’s a cold, bitter day in D.C., so no one would call her on it.“And how many people do you need to have in your group?” Elena asks, tapping her fingernails on the back of her iPad.“At least three,” half the class chant back. Elena lifts one, immaculate eyebrow - and God, Bucky’s jealous of that, the look  and the eyebrow - and they stand up a little straighter, clutching their notebooks tightly in front of them. “At least three!” The entire class repeats.“And what time are we going to see you back here?” Bucky jumps in, holding his phone up.“Four!” The students rush to show him the alarms they have set - vibrate only, of course, Bucky isn’t a monster - used to the drill by now.“Alright, weirdos, follow me.” Bucky jerks his head towards the entrance, already unbuttoning his coat so he can get ready for security. After he passes the scan, Bucky hands his phone to the guard to deal with the admission of eighteen squirrely adolescents, and he gives each of them his own brand of ‘murder-eyes’ as they pass through the metal detector. “Hey,” he mutters, nudging Tom Myers as he walks through. “C’mere a second.”“Yeah, Mr. Barnes?” Tom shuffles his feet and eyes his friends already working towards some of the exhibits.“I have absolutely no doubt you can make every good choice today,” Bucky says softly, so no one else can hear them, except maybe the security guard, who looks like she’d rather be anywhere else but here. “But if somethin’ happens, and you need help, just call me or Ms. Chavez, okay? Don’t try to solve it by yourself.”“I won’t pick any fights,” Myers says to his feet, not looking up.“I don’t think you pick fights, kid.” Bucky smiles at him kindly, and Tom looks surprised when he glances up at him. “But I think you finish them for other people. Not every argument has to end in mayhem. You’re a good kid. Let some adults do the talking instead of your fists, okay?”Tom nods after a second, his eyes awkwardly averted away from Bucky, and he adjusts the strap of his backpack, sighing, wishing fervently he knew what to say to the angriest kid he’d ever met. “Go learn, or whatever.” Bucky shoos him away, and Tom does smile at that, turning around and fleeing to where Jayden and Olivia have been waiting for him, the last group of three.“See you at 3:30?” Bucky asks Elena, who’s already strolling off towards the Food in America exhibit.“Mhm.” She waves over her shoulder at him. “And don’t worry, I’ll know where to find you.”Bucky sticks his tongue out at her, and she cackles, shaking her grey-streaked mane out behind her before rounding a corner and disappearing from view. Cracking his neck out, Bucky looks around the building - it’s definitely not the prettiest of the Smithsonians, but it’s got its own kind of charm. He looks around at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky
Shrunkyclunks
History Teacher Bucky
Steve Rogers Can Flirt Sometimes
Misunderstandings
Fluff
Angst
flangst
Medium Burn
Brooklyn Boys
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Jewish Maximoff Twins
age of ultron never happened
Past Abuse
Eventual Smut
Violence
The Smut is Here!
Kidnapping
Torture
Chapter 22 is epilogue
IT IS FINISHED
Past Brock Rumlow/Bucky
Tagging if that bothers anyone
See Series Notes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

