Work Text:

10 
The call comes in at three in the morning, and Steve and Sam are on the road by three-fifteen.  It's a five hour drive from Philadelphia to the Shenandoah Valley, and Steve insists on doing the driving - they're both tired, but Steve at least has the serum.Maria Hill is waiting for them in front of the facility, which looks like the farmhouse of a fairly well-maintained apple orchard from the outside, about half an hour off the Interstate.  The damp fog chills Steve's skin, filling the air with the dull pink-purple glow of sunrise through the neat lines of apple trees."You made good time," Hill says as Steve takes care not to slam the car door behind him - it'd be easy to, under the circumstances."Not a lot of traffic this time of day," Sam says.  "If you can call it 'day.'  I thought you took a job at Stark?""Where is he?" says Steve."Fury'll brief you," Hill says, "and I did, until Fury called.""And you came running?" Sam says."For this?"  Steve catches Hill's pointed glance.  "Don't we all?"Inside, the farmhouse looks more like an SSR bunker than a SHIELD facility, enough so that Steve bets it was repurposed.  The walls and floors are cement, and there are exposed metal beams across the ceiling.  Hill leads them through a series of corridors and down three flights of stairs before opening a door that leads to a briefing room.  There's a display on the wall, showing an interrogation room with one occupant, and a few different files scattered across broad conference table."Glad you could make it, gentlemen," Fury says.  "You'll be glad to know the Winter Soldier hasn't killed anyone."Steve walks over to the display, watching the feed.  Bucky's sitting at a table, a line of glints of light going from wrist to table betraying the presence of handcuffs.  His right arm lays on the table; his left arm is tucked underneath it, as far as the handcuff will let it go.  He's sitting quietly, but Steve can see the rise and fall of his shoulders as he breathes, too deep and even to be truly calm.  Steve's seen him look worse; Steve has also seen him look much, much better."I want to talk to him," he says."That was generally the idea of calling you," Fury says.  "Eventually.""Has he said anything?" Sam asks from somewhere behind Steve."Oh, he's said something, all right," Hill says, with a faint grind of irritation.  "The same thing, over and over again."On the screen, Bucky lifts his head, jerking his chin up in defiance.  Steve's seen him do it a thousand times before."Name, rank, and serial number," he guesses quietly."How'd you know?" Fury asks."It's him," Steve says.  "It's really him, not the Winter Soldier.  It's Bucky."He turns around in time to see Fury and Hill trading looks.  Sam is just watching him.  Steve chooses to ignore the concern on his face."I've known him longer than any of you have been alive," Steve says.  "I know it's him.  That's not how the Winter Soldier moves, it's how Bucky moves.""Or," says Hill, "it's how the Winter Soldier moves when he wants to pretend to be Barnes long enough to throw us off our game.  Make us vulnerable.""We found him by accident," Fury says, and walks to the conference table.  He takes a seat, and Hill and Sam follow suit.  Steve can't make himself sit, the certainty fizzing underneath his skin, so he leans against the back of one of the chairs.  "This facility was supposed to be SHIELD, but some digging in light of recent events suggests that most, if not all, of the personnel were HYDRA," Fury continues.  "There was a high turnover rate for this assignment, so we're still trying to figure out who was or wasn't, but another op gave us some intel that this base might have materials of strategic importance to HYDRA.  We thought we'd check it out.  We storm the facility and lo and behold, there's the Winter Soldier, still in the chair where HYDRA left him.""The security footage wasn't encrypted," says Hill, and points a remote control at the display.  The scene switches to an overhead view of a large, empty room - a basement, maybe.  One side of the screen is bounded by a bank of computer displays; the only other furniture in the room is a large black chair, like a malevolent dentist's.  A figure comes into view, blurred and unfamiliar, looking over its shoulder.  Another figure follows, watching the first cross to the computer equipment - Bucky, Steve realizes, watching the way he holds himself and seeing the tiniest reflection off his left arm.  The first figure turns back from the computers and gestures to the chair, a quick, jerky motion, and Bucky hesitates for a moment before getting into it.  The rest of the apparatus folds down onto his head.  There is no sound on the video, but Bucky's jerking and twitching is obvious even in the low resolution of the security footage.  Steve watches the pattern of rises and falls of Bucky's chest: fast inhales, long and sustained exhales.  He's screaming.The first figure doesn't even turn towards the chair as t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Amnesia
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Howling Commandos - Freeform
Flashbacks
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Howling Commandos Era
Angst
Viciously Ironic Title

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

