Work Text:

Bruce had watched the news coverage of the so-called “Civil War” in a rundown bar in Calcutta, India. It was the trainwreck you couldn’t look away from, the fiery explosion that caught your eye and wouldn’t let you go. He watched as Steve defied the UN and fought Tony, who looked like he was barely holding it together. He watched most of the Avengers (and the Hulk grumbled in his head when he saw the witch) get arrested after a fight at an airport. There was a lull in coverage after the breakout, when Tony didn’t appear in front of the press, where Pepper didn’t have a statement, where no one knew what was happening. The public didn’t know who to crucify, Steve or Tony, but the majority shouted for Steve’s immediate arrest and the adoption of the Accords. 
 
When Tony finally came forward, a full week after the arrests of the Rogue Avengers, he looked worse than he did at his first press conference post-Afghanistan. The doctor in Bruce catalogued injuries that even Tony couldn’t hide; bruises hidden under makeup that were a little too swollen to cover completely, a cast on an arm, and, of course, layers of bandages on his chest that made his shirt rumple enough for Bruce to catch it. These were new, Bruce knew. They hadn’t been there after the airport fight. The press conference was short and to the point; Tony dissolved the Avengers Initiative but vowed to continue to protect the people as Iron Man, but cited health concerns for both Vision and Rhodes (Bruce wondered what could have taken down 

Vision

, of all people, but Tony looked grave when he said the android needed some time off). He left without taking questions, and Bruce could see the strain etched into the lines of his face.
 
Bruce was on the next flight to New York, apologies trapped in his throat, the Hulk raging in his head for hurting Tin Man. On the plane, he read through the Accords, both the original and Tony’s amended version. Despite Ross being attached to the original, Bruce agreed with them. He, more than anyone else, knew the need for oversight. He knew intimately the fear of the people inspired by uncollared supers, and he knew the Accords would be a balm on that fear. 
 
Bruce’s flight did not go unnoticed by Tony. He had suspected the man knew 

exactly 

where he had run to, had known all along, and his suspicions were confirmed when Tony met him at the airport with an unimpressed, wheelchair-bound Rhodes at his side.
 
“Welcome back, Brucie,” Tony greeted, but his tone was flatter than normal. “Have a nice flight?”
 
Bruce swallowed nervously. “Yeah,” he said faintly. “How have you been?” He cursed internally immediately after saying it; he knew how Tony had been, everyone and their mothers knew how Tony had been. Coverage of the civil war hadn’t abated in the slightest, and Tony was in the center of the growing media storm.
 
“You know, the usual,” Tony replied with an artful shrug. Next to him, Rhodes’s eyes hardened. “How long are you staying for this time?” His tone wasn’t venomous, like Bruce had earned, but resigned. 
 
“As long as you’ll have me,” Bruce said, choked by shame and guilt. Tony must have seen something on his face, because he let some fondness seep into his posture, grabbing Bruce in a one armed hug.
 
“Good to have you back, big guy,” he said, leading them off to a car, Rhodes wheeling behind them.
 
---
 
“Welcome to the Compound, Doctor Banner,” a man in a red cloak stood in front of the Compound with his arms crossed. If possible, he looked more disapproving than Rhodes. “I’m Doctor Stephen Strange.”
 
Bruce waved awkwardly, noting the sharp look Tony sent to the new man. “It’s fine, Stephen,” he said placatingly. Bruce didn’t quite understand the dynamic and made a mental note to ask Tony about it later. “We’re all good here, promise.”
 
Strange still looked skeptical, but the hostility fell from his eyes. “In that case, Pepper called, you have an SI meeting you can’t skip at 3, and a charity gala this evening.”
 
“You’ll be my date, right?” Tony smirked flirtatiously. It transformed his face, chasing away a bit of the emptiness in his brown eyes.



Strange rolled his eyes. “I suppose,” he huffed, and Tony let out a quiet cheer. “Now, go show your guest around before your meeting. He disappeared in a dramatic swirl of gold, making Tony sigh in exasperation.
 
“That’s Stephen for you,” he explained fondly. “He’s the Sorcerer Supreme. Apparently, magic is a big thing now. Physics is dead, and we are all slaves to magical bastards like Stephen.”
 
“Tony,” Bruce took a deep breath. He had to say it. “I’m sorry.”



Tony’s smile turned brittle, fragile. “No need,” he breezed through the Compound, Bruce following awkwardly. 
 
“There 

is 

a need, Tony,” Bruce pressed. “I left you. I was so absorbed in my own issues that I didn’t stop to think of you. I should’ve come back during the Accords mess, I should’ve been by your side like a good friend. But I left you, and you had to deal with all this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange (implied/minor)

freeform: 
Protective Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce returns
not team Cap friendly
never team cap friendly
anger issues
angry hulk
Protective Hulk
Angry Bruce Banner
Team Iron Man
Post CACW
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
pro Accords
Fluff
Comfort
Sass
Sassy Bruce Banner
Science Bros

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange (implied/minor)

