Chapter 1: First Impressions
    




Chapter Text
It’s a cold morning, low winter sun breaking grayish through the blinds in the living room, only half lowered. Stripes of silvery morning light paint across the floorboards of Steve’s living room, across the coffee table with its art and illustration books and sketchpads. The couch faces away from the window, so the light doesn’t quite illuminate it, not at this hour and not at this intensity of sunlight, but all the same—There’s someone sleeping in his couch.“What the hell?” he asks, dropping his keys noisily on the tall counter that divides kitchen from living room.The form in the couch doesn’t stir. Steve can see well enough to spot naked skin in the silvery sunlight, so—not only does he have some stranger sleeping on his goddamn living room couch, but also it’s a naked stranger.Angrily unwinding his long scarf from around his neck, Steve stalks to the wall and flips on the lights.The naked stranger in the couch—oh, actually, just shirtless, he’s still wearing pants—flinches awake and sits up abruptly.A long moan of remorse at the motion follows, and the stranger has the gall to flop back down on the couch. “Hey!” Steve stalks to the couch and comes to stand over the stranger. He intends to rain pain upon him, but actually gets sidelined by miles of unblemished skin stretched over tight flat muscle, small hard nipples, and a dark trail of hair down to the belt holding up the pants.By the time he manages to drag his eyes up to the face—a very nice face to go with the very nice body—the stranger’s managed to crack open his eyes, to about half-mast.“Who the hell are you?” he asks, voice a dry rasp.“Who the hell are you?” demands Steve, insulted. “I live here.”The stranger squints at him in the half-light, then makes a show of looking around the living room, propping himself up on an elbow in a way that makes skin and muscle shift across his bare torso in a rather distracting way. Steve catches himself almost backing up a step, and squashes the impulse. He’s not about to give ground to some hungover hobo that broke into his apartment in the middle of the fucking night.“Oh yeah,” the guy mutters. “This isn’t Nat’s apartment, is it?”Steve stares at him. Alright, this is starting to make sense. Natasha has odd friends. ‘Odd’ being the mildest word Steve can apply to them.  “Natasha? She lives next door.”“Damn,” says the hobo, laboriously sitting up and letting a leg drop from the couch. The other, folded up, falls open against the back of the couch, so he sits up in a careless, cocky sprawl. “I must have been really drunk last night, man. Sorry.”“Sorry? You broke into my apartment! Is that usually what you do when you get drunk?”“I thought it smelled funny in here,” the hobo says, blinking.Steve squawks in indignation. “My apartment does not smell funny!”“Is that coffee?” hobo asks hopefully, half-lidded blue-green eyes sliding to the kitchen island.“I surprisingly didn’t get you coffee, because I don’t know who you are and you’re not supposed to be here. Seriously, what is wrong with you? What even is your name?”“Oh,” says the hobo, extending out a hand for a handshake. “I’m Bucky. I guess we got off on a, uh, strange foot. I went out drinking last night and I was around this area and I thought I was breaking into Natasha’s apartment. I guess I was a lot more drunk than I thought. Sorry I crashed in your couch.”Steve sighs. “I’m Steve. I’m Natasha’s neighbor. And out of the kindness of my heart, I’ll make you some coffee.”“You’re an angel,” says Bucky emphatically, widening his eyes in comical intensity. Steve bites back a smile and goes to the kitchen to start the coffee maker. Bucky groans and grunts as he laboriously puts his boots on, climbs unsteadily to his feet, and hunts across the living room for a shirt that he’s discarded on an armchair.Finally he slides into one of the tall stools to the kitchen island, moaning in a frankly indecent manner when the coffee starts to percolate and the scent fills the kitchen.“I feel like roadkill,” he confesses.“You smell like you alchemized your blood into whiskey.”Bucky sniffs at himself and makes a face. “Sorry, pal. Hang on. Did you just use the word ‘alchemized’ in a conversation?”Steve gives him an unsure look. “Is this a conversation? I don’t want to tax your current mental skills.”Bucky looks at him with something like admiration, those lovely eyes sliding up and down the length of Steve’s body. “You have kind of a big mouth for someone who weighs thirty pounds soaking wet.”“Did you want that coffee in a mug of thrown in your face?”Bucky clutches at his chest dramatically, affecting an expression of devastating heartache. “Have mercy, Stevie.”“Don’t call me Stevie,” drawls Steve, getting a mug down from the cabinet. “How did you get in here anyway? I locked everything.”Bucky twists around on the stool to squint at the windows that face the fire escape.“I can pick those locks in my sleep, man. You gotta get bet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PUNK BUCKY
hipster Steve
both of them are outrageous dicks
asshole avengers is something i live for
Panic Attack
PTSD
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

