Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
 Darcy Lewis was lucky, and she knew it.She’d fallen asleep at the desk again, and when the emergency alarm tripped on, the sensory assault of it shocked her awake like she’d been zapped by her own taser.  It was the worst thing she’d ever heard— like a coked-up emergency vehicle:  just two wretched notes see-sawing back and forth between high and low, drilling into her ears, vibrating through all of her cells.She knew what she was supposed to do: calmly assess the situation and determine a logical response.  But for something that was meant to be a call to action, it did the opposite— she was in a full-scale fight-or-flight response.  She wasn't trained for this shit; she was only a lowly assistant, for God’s sake.Darcy’s luck wasn’t in landing her dream job.  Her temporary role of scientist-wrangler had evolved into something more permanent, and while she was grateful for the over-generous checks she now received, she knew there was more to her than feeding, watering, and organizing someone else’s potential.  Until she figured out what that more was, she was happy to do the bare minimum— and that was usually good enough… except for times like this, when she had no idea what the fuck to do— and it showed.She’d recovered from the initial shock of the sonic onslaught, and now she was rhythmically chanting, “Off switch, off switch,” her small, pale hands shaking as she scanned the hundreds of LEDs, tactile buttons, and toggle switches on the control panel in front of her.Jane had complained during orientation that Darcy’d only been half-listening— she was relying on Darcy to handle this stuff, so that Jane could focus on her research— but half-listening would have been generous.  Can people fourth-listen?  She’d been more interested in checking out the ass on the guy they’d sent over for the training session, than anything he’d had to say.Darcy wasn’t lucky to have a special person in her life, unless you counted Jane, who was a pretty good friend when she wasn’t completely lost in her research or testing some cobbled-together equipment— even more so since Thor had vamoosed back to Asgard after Sokovia, and Darcy had been the most convenient person for Jane to lean on.  Platonic feels were no substitute for the romantic variety, but it was nice to have a friend, especially during the long, lonely stretch where the only love Darcy was getting was the battery-operated variety.  Still, she was pretty sure the second Thor came back, Jane wouldn’t have quite the same need for her company outside of work.  And that was just fine.  Really.  Darcy was understanding that way.“Focus, Lewis,” she muttered, but the alarm was so epically evil it just made her want to smash something.  She needed the noise to stop, so she could think clearly and move on to the real issue:  who was approaching, and why?  They’d been told there might be supplies flown in to supplement the regular ground deliveries, but she was supposed to know about them ahead of time— and nobody had said anything about a fucking Doom Alarm.  She would have remembered that.  Right?Darcy definitely wasn’t lucky in the cards she’d been dealt for self-worth and respect:  in fact, a lot of her brain-space lately seemed to be devoted to a stream of abusive personal commentary.  Her SHIELD-appointed therapist— back when SHIELD was still a thing— would have refused to accept these inner voices as the jokes Darcy made them out to be, insisting that the humor she used wasn’t enough to mitigate the damage done by so much negative self-talk.  Darcy knew the lady had been right, but maybe being a little bit funny was all she had, until something better came along.  If you stripped that away, what was left?  A whole lotta bummery bum-land.Darcy had a lot of reasons to feel sorry for herself, if she wanted to focus on the negative, but today— right now— she felt lucky.  Why?  Because nobody was around to witness her ineptitude firsthand.The alarm was relentless, as alarms tend to be.  “God, shut up already,” she moaned, and then said, “Fuck it.”  She dove under the desk, looking for a reset button or a cord she could pull.  There was a huge black box underneath the desk that reminded her of a surge-protection unit for a home computer, but on a much larger scale.  It had a red rocker switch on its side, next to an array of cables snaking out to connect to the underside of the control panel.  She had absolutely no idea what it was for, or what would happen if she touched it.  She scrunched up her face up as though bracing for an explosion, and pressed the switch.The noise cut off instantly, and she popped her head up to the panel again:  the entire thing blinked out for two seconds.  Then, with an audible click, the system came back to life, along with the insufferable klaxon.“What the actual fuck,” she said, scrambling back to her feet.  She resumed her frantic scanning of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Romance
Slow Burn
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Angst and Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Plot
Eventual Sex
WinterShock - Freeform
Panic Attack Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

