Chapter 1: Winning a Battle Is Not Winning The War
    




Chapter Text
Of course, Loki did not startle when the armored door to the anteroom opened late that night. He could not stifle some surprise, however,  as Thor was not due to come back for another twelve hours at least. His brother kept a regular schedule while he was on Midgard, making sure his prisoner didn’t go too long without food or company.
Although Loki was not sure if prisoner was the right term for his current occupation. Pet might have actually come closer. After all, he was sitting in something resembling a large, round aquarium for several weeks now, well fed and fairly comfortable. He hated it.
Stark obviously had taken some ideas from S.H.I.E.L.D.'s Hulk enclosure when coming up with the design but had added 'strongly in the tech department' as he framed it. Thor had brought in magic in some form. Loki was still figuring out what was repressing his magic, how it was bound to the cage, and who was its originator. Thor might have been Frigga's natural son but all he did pick up were her looks. There was no way he would be able to provide this level of magical confinement by himself.
The entrance chamber hugged about a third of the the cage, with the rest facing concrete walls. Due to the spells, (and he still wasn't convinced it were spells after all), Loki was unable to see who his late night (or rather early-morning) guest was before they were out of the door’s shadow and well into the room.
His initial surprise at the late-night interruption grew when Tony Stark wandered in, a tumbler with some liquor in hand and, for the first time since their encounter before the battle of New York, without his armor in Loki's presence. He looked tired and, under a layer of grandeur, worn out.
“Finally, someone who’s not sleeping. All the other middle-schoolers are in bed already. But you are awake.” Stark made a welcoming gesture, quite too big for the intended audience. It could have been a habit he picked up after donning the Iron Man armor regularly, to counteract the machine-like appearance, but Loki doubted that after what he had seen of the man so far.
This was a curious development. At any rate, Loki was going to use an opportunity when it presented itself. “To what do I owe the visit of my honorable host? Until now you were content to let other people handle my … accommodations.” He made sure his tone was teasing enough to make the Midgardian notice. Although he knew he was not as dense as your average Asgardian, so there was no need to make it overly irritating.
Stark did not seem to be dismayed by his remarks. “For all intents and purposes, you’re Thor's problem. I merely support this with room, money and tech to make sure you stay where he intends you to stay,” he answered lightly.
This was going to be interesting.
“As shiny as your contraption is, even you cannot be blind enough to believe that is what is keeping me here,” Loki said. It wasn’t bait, at least not solely. 
“For your Houdini moves: again, that’s Thor's business. But I remember how you broke a window using me as the emergency hammer and that was not fueled by the scepter or your magic. Hence the contraption,” Stark said with a flourish. “I favor the idea of you in here over you in a S.H.I.E.L.D. designed cardboard box.”
There it was again, Stark’s pride. It wasn’t a weakness that was hard to spot. Not in a man who had put up his name in giant letters on his tower to be seen from miles away.
Loki spoke his next words casually, hoping to have them poke even deeper. “And, yet you are willing to let the major part of my safekeeping be handled by forces unknown to you.”
And satisfyingly enough, Stark's face soured.
“Magic sucks. I would love the world going back to pure physics this instant and really wouldn’t miss a thing,” he grumbled. “But as this is not going to happen any time soon, Blond-and-Flashy has to provide for his genocidal baby brother and he has confidence in his subcontractors.”
Subcontractors. Plural and with a good relationship to Thor. The ‘contractor’ part could be due to Stark's relationship with words. It seemed to be of an unreliable nature, in a crafted fashion. Loki could not avoid acknowledging that in the Midgardian.
“Relying on your Asgardian guard dog once again, where humans fall ridiculously short of the task?” He tried to wind Stark up further.
“Humans were fine on the great scale of things until your family decided to make Earth your Monopoly board,” he snapped. “Now we are some kind of prize to be fought over by the most unsavory groups of the universe. And getting the worst of this contained is something we will very damn well take Asgard's support for, as it is fucking due.”
This was amusing.
“Prize, hmm? At least, you have no illusions about which role you are to play,” Loki hummed.
Stark let out another sigh and all tension visibly left his body. He took another sip from his glass before answering. “How about we just don’t do that? You expl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Domestic Avengers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Actually Everybody Needs a Hug Because
Everyone Has Issues
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Implied/Referenced Torture
the Avengers are a dysfunctional family
Drinking
Eventual Happy Ending
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Canon Compliant
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Under-negotiated Kink
slightly anti-Team Cap
Pizza/Thor
technically not cheating because of an unclear relationship status but feelings get hurt

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

