Chapter 1: when the villains fall (the kingdoms never weep)
    




Chapter Text
.  .  .  It happens the same way it always does. The story starts like any other of its kind: the kid isn't expecting it, because he should  never  have to expect this, and nobody else is looking for it, so of course they don't see.The thing is, Ben used to do this, too. And of course Peter knew that it wasn't so bad, that it could be worse. That it was just—just discipline. That's all. And if he was bruised, if he was scared, if the fight in his eyes grew sharper because he had no other choice—If Ben broke all of his promises and Peter learned to accept the punishments anyway, if things escalated farther than they ever should have—If Ben drank too much and May didn't like it but she never knew, she never, ever knew the extent of it, couldn't have even imagined—Then it was fine. It wasn't that big of a deal, Peter decided, the first time. He forced himself to believe it. Little eight-year-old Peter believed it, and then he got older, and he still did, wouldn't let himself believe anything else.Ben died, and Peter told no one that some of the tears he shed were ones of relief. Because Ben was good, he knew this, Ben provided for everything he had, and he could’ve take it all away but he didn't, he  cared for Peter, worthless little Peter Parker, even though he never had to, and he was supportive of all Peter's intellectual pursuits, and that made him good. And he missed having that father figure, in a bit of a twisted way—So those tears, they were tears of grief.But there was a part of his mind, a traitorous part—that whispered,  the monster is gone. That was years ago.The first time.And Peter makes it through each day. He wrestles with demons he can't begin to describe. Skip is in his head. Ben is in his head. The Vulture, the warehouse, being crushed and  oh god he's dying,  it's all in there, but somehow Peter fits other things in there too.The woman who stopped him on patrol to sob out a thank you, because Peter grabbed a car that was dangling off a bridge just the other day, and her husband and three children were in that car.Every word to Star Wars Episode IV, which he and Ned watch every weekend, an age-old tradition, and recite word for word while they study or build Legos—like an old favorite song that you don't have to think about.The new web formulas and decathlon questions and all the physics and chemistry that stops his peers dead in their tracks.Peter's mind is a busy place.He's doing okay. He is.Travis shows up and brings it all crashing down around him, and so the story goes. 
  A year after the bite, Peter knew he was strong. He'd saved lives, achieved more in that one long year than in his entire short life beforehand.
 When you can do the things that I can do, and you don't— 
He did something, finally, that he had never had the courage to do before. He followed up on Skip Westcott. Found him, found his address.
 And then the bad things happen— 
He followed him for two days. Peter had never told a soul of the abuse and he never would, of that he was certain. But he could stop Skip now. He could save somebody else.
 They happen because of you. 
All the dreams he'd had of Iron Man ripping Skip off of him, his hero coming to save him, he could make a reality for some other child somewhere.And because he could, because he finally could, he knew he had to.Peter yanked the window until the latch broke. Spider-Man in all his glory broke through the screen and shoved Skip off of the silent, dull-eyed little girl, and he slammed him against the wall, and then—He could've punched him. Could've kept going until there was nothing left to punch.But Peter let him fall to the ground, because if he was honest with himself, he wanted to beat the shit out of the guy, but Skip didn't deserve a millisecond of his time. Not a fucking millisecond.Peter slowly, so slowly walked over to the kid.She whimpered and flinched back, scrambling for the blanket and pulling it over herself.Peter wanted to be sick. A Disney princess blanket. A bed covered in cutesy pink sheets. So innocent, and it was all a lie. The horrors that had happened here could never be undone.(He noticed, in the corner of his eye, the Spider-Man poster on the wall next to the bed.)“Hey, kiddo,” he said. “It's Spider-Man. I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? And I'm not—I’m not ever gonna let Skip touch you again, okay?”Only then did the girl begin to cry. She choked out a quiet, “You  came, ” and then Peter found himself crying, too.And that was the end of that story, but it's only the beginning of this one. 
  Skip is in jail and Ben six feet under. Adrian Toomes is imprisoned and on Iron Man's watch on top of that.Travis, however, is none of the above.Ben and Skip are horrors of the past. Even Toomes is somebody he can put behind him. (Even though his mind refuses to believe that it's over. Even though nightmares haunt him to the point that he can't sleep through the night.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Child Abuse
Physical Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Victim Blaming
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Sexual Abuse
Abusive Parents

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

