Chapter 1: Hard times
    


Notes:
This story loosely follows the MCU timeline up until Homecoming and Ragnarok. MCU infinity war and endgame don’t exist in this universe. I’m also incorporating many comic themes because they’re the original canon and I’d prefer them.




Chapter Text
Peter winced, backing up. Terror coursing through him as he clenched his eyes shut.“Stop!”He froze, holding his breath, desperately trying to regain some control over his erratic breathing. Of course he failed.“You disobeyed me.”“I-I didn’t m-”“What was that?” May stepped closer, putting one hand on his chest and pushing him back against the wall. Peter flinched, saying the words he knew she wanted to hear even though it was too late to pacify her.“I’m sorry, ma’am. It won’t happen again, ma’am. I swear.” He squeezed his eyes shut as she grabbed his arm and yanked him harshly into his room. Her nails dug into his skin, leaving small crescent marks.“Shirt off. I think ten lashes will suffice.”“Please, ma’am.”“Shirt off.”Peter’s hands shook as he unzipped his jacket and took his shirt off. May opened a drawer in his desk, pulling out an old brown belt. One that used to belong to Ben. The teen nearly broke down further upon seeing the belt of his deceased uncle turned weapon. The fact that one of the few remaining items Ben left behind was being used to inflict pain on him somehow hurt worse than the actual beating.May looked at him expectantly, unenthused by her nephew’s weak protests. Peter turned around, bracing his hands against the wall. His back was covered in raised marks, scars left from over the years. The most recent scars were from a few weeks ago.He let out a shuddering breath as she turned on incredibly loud music to drown out the sound. By now, she knew how to keep the neighbors from asking questions.Peter held his breath, clenching his jaw as the belt tore into his skin mercilessly.**************He could feel blood running down his back, his forehead resting on the wall. His chest heaved, his eyes closed.May grabbed a fistful of his hair, pulling his head back. “When I tell you not to go out, you don’t go out.” Peter gasped as she tugged harder. It felt like his hair was being ripped out from their roots. In instances like these, Peter really hated his fluffy curls.“You won’t break the rules again, will you?”He gave a tiny shake of his head, barely holding back a cry as she pressed her free hand into his bleeding back.  “I ask you a question; you give me a proper answer. Are. You. Going to follow the rules?”“Yes, ma’am.”His voice was hoarse, pain laced through it. She flipped him around, so his back hit the wall. He bit his tongue to keep from crying out. She hadn’t turned the music off yet, and making noise would just make the rest of his punishment worse.May lifted his chin in mock gentleness. “Hands behind your back.”Peter squeezed his eyes shut as he followed her instructions, linking his hands behind his back and holding his breath. Her fist hit his stomach repeatedly until he couldn’t hold back a cry and was bent over, his hands resting over his stomach in an attempt to protect his battered body from more injuriesMay grabbed his hair again, forcing him up. “Hands back,” she growled.He struggled to catch his breath. Even after years of this, Peter thought he’d be able to handle interactions like this better. He silently cursed himself for appearing so weak. “Please-”May cut him off. “Now, Peter,” she growled.He shuddered and slowly slid his hands back. May hit him again, and again, and again.**************Peter laid curled up on his side on the floor of his tiny, poor-excuse of a bedroom. It was easier to clean blood off the floor than to stain his sheets. That would only cause another beating. He was still breathing heavily, though the music was off, and May had left him locked in his room. She’d taken his phone, of course, but left him his computer for homework that he had to have done by morning. Blood still trickled down his back, mostly because of the new bruises over them.After a few minutes, Peter tried to sit up, his arms giving out almost immediately. It took another minute before he could breathe close to normal again. It took another twenty before he tried to get up again. Finally, he made it to his feet, leaning heavily on the wall for support.Peter managed to limp his way to his desk chair, falling into it as his legs threatened to give out from beneath him.Shaky hands opened his laptop. It was worn, with a few cracks on the screen. Someone had thrown it away because the battery died. It hadn’t taken much to make it work again.The teenager opened his browser, the latest news stories popping up. Right at the top was a video of a recent news conference with Tony Stark.He clicked the video. Halfway through, his eyes squeezed shut, and a tear slipped out. His dad kept talking to the reporters about the latest Stark Industries technology. His dad, who didn’t want him. May didn’t hesitate to remind him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Angst
Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Starvation
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Multiverse
Past Child Abuse
Not Canon Compliant
momma spider
Powerful Peter Parker
Howard Stark’s A plus parenting
gen-z humor
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Irondad & Spiderson
alternate universe - AU
Alternate Universe
Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
Freeform
No Sex
No Smut
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Physical Abuse
Emotional Abuse
Angst with a Happy Ending
ooc may parker
Dark Aunt May
OC characters
Canon Typical Violence
Tony Stark acting as Peter Parker’s parental figure
Adopted Peter Parker
Superfamily - Freeform

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

