Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
I hope I got everything in there in the tags, I hate tagging, takes up so much time and requires so much brain power..

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Tony kicked off his shoes and dropped his bag by the door, leaving Steve in the foyer while he went to find his mother. He liked to know where his parents were in the house, where was safe to go. He had assumed she would be asleep, based on the rough morning they had had. But he found her sitting in the sunroom with a book.
She looked up and smiled when she saw him, closing the book and reaching out a hand, “Hello darling,” She cooed, cupping the back of his head as she pulled him down for a kiss. Maria's eyes looked tired as she smiled up at him with her distant stare.
“I've got Steve here.” Tony said, kissing her cheek in reply and straightening, glancing down at the coffee table where her empty cocktail glass sat. Lately she'd been drinking much more than usual and he worried about her mixing alcohol with the pills she medicated herself with.
Her lips pulled down at the corners, “Oh, honey...didn't your father—Hey, Sweetheart.” She smiled again when Steve poked his head in. She'd always liked Steve, he was a good friend to Tony and he at least tried to keep Tony out of trouble.
“Hey, Mrs. S.” Steve replied, leaning against the frame of the entrance, “The new chandelier is gorgeous. You've got wonderful taste.”
“Stop sucking up to my Mom,” Tony said, grabbing Steve's arm as he walked past, “We're gonna go do homework.”
He wanted to get Steve away before she passed out for the afternoon, not that Steve was oblivious to what was happening. He'd spent nearly every day of his life with Tony, so he'd come to know about the Stark problems. Most of them anyway.
“You meet that new kid, yet?” Steve asked as they climbed the marble stairs.
“Am I really expected to notice every time someone new shows up?” Tony scoffed as an answer, “I'm far too self-absorbed for that sort of nonsense.”
Steve sighed and nodded in agreement, “That's true. I was just wondering because he's in my English class and I haven't heard him say a word yet.”
“So?” Tony shrugged, giving Steve a strange look as they entered his room.
Steve shrugged in return, flopping onto his usual spot on Tony's large bed, “I dunno, it's just strange how shy he is. Like seriously, hasn't said a word so far.”
Tony raised an eyebrow at Steve, “As I said...so?”
Steve sighed and gave up on the subject, letting his head drop back on the bed. Tony's bed never actually smelled like him, it was like he had the sheets cleaned every day. He could hear Tony moving about the large room, pulling things out of drawers and throwing them on the ground, just making a general mess as usual.
“Are you going to come to the game on friday?” Steve asked, rolling onto his stomach to watch Tony move around the room.
“Of course, Darling, how in the world could you play soccer without my validation to see you through.” Tony answered, giving up his search and tumbling onto the mattress next to Steve.
“Validation?” Steve laughed, giving Tony a good shove towards the other end of the bed, “Oh yeah, your approval is what gets me through the day.”
“I know.” Tony nodded, crawling over Steve like a cat. Tony had always been comfortable with invading Steve's space ever since they were little, Tony had introduced himself by coming over to Steve during naptime and draping himself over the other.
“You gonna find me an after party if I go watch you kick a ball around?” Tony asked as he reached over the side of the bed, he slipped for a second so Steve looped an arm around Tony's hip to steady him. Tony pulled himself back up with a half full bottle of gin, he offered Steve a drink before taking one for himself. He settled himself down, resting his head on the other boy's large chest.
“What's the matter?” Steve asked, reaching down to touch Tony's hair, giving a soft tug when Tony didn't answer.
“I don't want to talk about it,” Tony answered, not bothering to come up with an excuse because he knew Steve would see through it anyway. He rolled onto his stomach, sliding his arms over Steve's chest so he could sprawl out over him, “Let's just snuggle, okay? I don't want to talk about anything, I just want to be quiet for a while.”
Steve nodded, wrapping an arm around Tony's shoulder. Tony had always been weird so Steve knew when he wasn't going to get anything out of him. And apparently this was one of those times, so he just stayed silent and let Tony have his quiet. Tony breathed deeply, closing his eyes and turning his face into other. He reached his arm behind him to retrieve the forgotten bottle, lifting the neck to take a drink.
“Steve?”
“Silence over?” He asked in reply.
“What would I have to do or say to make you hate me?
“I hate you not matter what, so you don't have to do a thing.”
“I'm serious,” Tony sighed, pulling himself up into sitting position, tucki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Abuse
Drug Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alternate Universe - High School
Child Abuse
Angst
Teen Angst
Drama
tags suck
Tony Stark Has Issues
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Eating Disorders
Self-Harm

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

