Chapter 1: The Never-Ending Why
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
A long December and there's reason to believe Maybe this year will be better than the last Bucky should have known. He did know. When things seem too good to be true, they usually are. And Steve is the best thing that has happened to him in a long time, possibly ever, so of course it couldn’t last.Christmas had been perfect. Steve had made it perfect. Bucky doesn’t know how he deserved something that perfect. They’d seen each other a couple of times in the days following but spent New Year’s separately. Steve had invited him to a party at Avengers Tower, but Bucky was so not ready for that and Steve seemed almost relieved. Bucky would have been insulted except Steve was quick to explain that it was because he liked having Bucky to himself right now—one of few things that everyone didn’t know about him. That made sense to Bucky. Steve has freaking museum exhibits dedicated to him, after all. It must feel nice for him to have something that’s just his. And Bucky had felt the same. He liked the little Steve-Bucky bubble they were existing in and it didn’t feel like the time to come out of it just yet.So Bucky had gone out with Logan and their army buddies and Steve had gone to his Avengers party, but Steve called him at midnight so it was still one of the best New Year’s Bucky could remember.The actual new year is not going so well. ---- Bucky lifts his phone for what must be the hundredth time that hour when he returns to his bedroom slash living room after his shower. No messages. His heart sinks as it always does every time. He drops his phone onto the bed and tries to focus on drying off from his shower. He rubs a towel dejectedly over his hair as he wanders to his dresser. It’s pretty cold in his apartment and he’s got little goosebumps on his arm, hair standing up. He should probably put the heating on, but maybe a warm sweater will be enough. He pulls out some clothes, steadfastly ignoring the red sweater he wore at Christmas, instead pulling out an old black sweatshirt with an almost entirely faded NASA logo on the front and a pair of old jeans that hang a little low on him, but it’s not like he’s going anywhere so what does it matter.As he’s pulling on his boxers, the phone beeps and Bucky practically dives onto the bed for it, his heart leaping in his chest in anticipation, only to feel the sharp sting of disappointment as he sees it’s a message from Logan to say he’s running a few minutes late to meet him. He drops the phone down again as he feels the hard lurch in his stomach because, once again, it’s not Steve.It’s the twelfth of January—ten days since he last heard from Steve. Bucky had messaged him to see when he was next free and there’d been no response.The first day, he didn’t worry too much. Steve’s probably busy, he told himself. When he hadn’t had a response by the second day, he sent a follow up message, just in case. Later on that day, he called instead, but the phone just went to voicemail.When Bucky had sent five messages and left three voicemails, he had figured it might be time to give up. But even then, he still tried calling Avengers Tower, but of course they didn’t tell him anything or put him through. Probably thought he was a nutcase or obsessed fanboy or something. Bucky keeps scouring the internet and watching the news, but the Avengers aren’t being reported as being active anywhere.Bucky takes a breath to compose himself from his disappointment and finishes getting dressed. He figures there are only two reasons Steve wouldn’t contact him. Either he’s on a mission somewhere, or he’s changed his mind about Bucky and is ghosting him. Bucky doesn’t believe Steve would do that, but he also doesn’t believe that Steve wouldn’t have had a minute to contact him if he was going away, or not have a way to contact him from wherever he is. Maybe Steve doesn’t see Bucky as that important? Maybe they’re just casual and Bucky read too much into everything? Maybe this Christmas blinded him—made him think they were more than they were?Bucky doesn’t believe that, not really. He can’t believe the electricity between them wasn’t real. He’s certain they both felt it. But it’s hard. It gets harder every day to pretend to himself. The only truth he knows is that Steve hasn’t contacted him and he doesn’t know why.His buzzer goes and he ambles over to buzz Logan in. While he waits, he stares sadly at the bare Christmas tree. Yesterday he finally took down all the decorations when it became apparent that Steve wasn’t showing up to take them. He put them away in the bag Steve left and pushed it into the back of his closet. Now Logan is coming to help him get rid of the tree. He’d waited as long as he could but it’s the last day of curbside collection and frankly, the tree’s seen better days now.“You didn’t say it was huge,” Logan comments as Bucky lets him in and he takes in the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
AU
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Angst
Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Drama
Romance
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Sam Wilson is not an Avenger
X-Men Characters Cause I Like X-Men
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Peter Parker Lives in Brooklyn Instead
References Canon Avengers Missions but I Do What I Want With Them
Negative Self Talk
Canonical Character Death
Fuck the Accords
Bucky is not here for Steve’s self sacrificing bullshit
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

