Work Text:
Tony’s day was going beautifully until JARVIS told him about an incoming phone call.
“Who’s it from?”
“Peter’s school, sir.”
Tony’s heart skipped a beat and he put down the soldering iron in his hand. “Put them through.”
“Hello, is this Mr Stark?” a clipped voice rang through the speakers.
“Yes.”
“Good afternoon, I’m ringing to inform you that all of Peter Parker’s secondary legal guardians are being asked to come into the school for a meeting with the principal about an incident he was involved in earlier today. We were unable to get hold of his primary legal guardian as she is at work.”
“What was the incident about?”
“There was a mishap in a chemistry lesson.”
Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“Thank you Mr Stark.”
Tony ended the call and groaned. “JARVIS, have the others been contacted by the school?”
“They are currently being contacted sir.”
“Remind me how many secondary legal guardians Peter has.”
“Nine, sir.”
“I need to buy a minivan. Are they all at the Tower?”
“All but Dr Banner and Ms Potts are, but they are both in the area of the school.”
“Tell everyone to get smart, take-me-serious, on and meet me downstairs in five minutes and also get the car with the most seats in it ready to go. And tell Sam to practice his stern face because that can make even Barnes crack. But don’t tell either of them I said that.”
“Yes sir.”
-
“I don’t understand,” Barnes grumbled from the back of the car, clearly resisting the urge to poke his slicked-back hair. He had negotiated his way out of wearing dress uniform and had persuaded Steve to let him wear skinny jeans and a jacket, because Winter Soldier clothes were not considered safe for schools. “Why are we going into the school coz Peter did something in a chemistry lesson? And why’d we have to change for it?”
“Because he has potentially done something that’s got him in a lot of trouble or either made an enormous scientific breakthrough and they want to send him to Harvard.” Pepper said. “Or they’ve discovered his powers. We must be prepared for any possibility.”
“Why can’t the school just deal with it with one or two of you?” Bucky asked.
“Because we are all his secondary legal guardians and all need to be there if possible.”
“Oh.”
Hill looked positively murderous. “If he’s been playing with his web formula, he could have completely blown his cover. This could be disastrous for SHIELD, the school could get in trouble, he might be expelled or moved to a secure unit school, there could be a lawsuit that might go public-”
“It won’t.” Tony said confidently. “I have the best lawyers in the world, it won’t. Bruce is meeting us at the school. Here he is.”
Tony parked the car borrowed off a man who works in reception and has seven kids and they piled out into the car park. “This way.”
“How do you know where to go?” Steve asked.
“Well, Bruce is standing over by that door looking around for someone and he seems rather worried.”
Bruce caught sight of them quickly. “Thank goodness you’re here.”
“Is Peter okay?” Clint demanded. “Do I need to go and beat someone up or call an ambulance?”
“He’s covered in goo from the experiment but he says that he’s fine and that it’s non-corrosive and it’s not an irritant. I haven’t been allowed to examine him myself, though. He’s in the nurse’s office. The nurse didn’t believe I was a doctor and there was something about me not being allowed in until all of you were here as well, or something. This is reception, we should go in.”
-
The receptionist’s eyebrows nearly hit her hairline when they walked in.
“We’re here to meet with the principal about Peter Parker.” Pepper told her.
“Please sign yourselves in.” she gestured to a touch-screen facing them. “Then take a seat outside the principal’s office. I’ll get some more chairs.”
They signed themselves in and put on the stickers the machine printed out. By the time they were done, the receptionist had finished putting out extra chairs further along the corridor, next to the door to the principal’s office.
“We’ve never had this many people get called into the school about one student before.” she told them apologetically, wringing her hands. “We haven’t got enough chairs for out here and in the office, so when you’re called in, which won’t be too long now, I’m sure, could you please take your chairs in with you?”
They nodded.
“Mr Parker should be with you shortly.” she checked her watch. “It’s only three minutes until the end of the current lesson.”
They sat in silence, waiting for people to arrive.
“It’s been four minutes.” Tony said under his breath.
“Be patient.”
“Someone’s coming.” Steve said suddenly. “I can hear someone coming.”
No one else heard anything for another 20 seconds until footsteps could be heard by those with a normal hearing range and Peter rounded the corner. He stopped when he saw them. “I didn’t realise all of you would be called in.”
“What did you do?” Pepper demanded.
Peter sat down next to Clint and bit his lip. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Domestic Fluff
Domestic
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
High School
Good Peter
Cleaning
Punishment
getting grounded
Chemistry
Incidents
Humour

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

