Chapter 1: The Proposition
    




Chapter Text

When Tony Stark asked to meet with him, Wade was figuring, you know, an all hands on deck type of situation. Catastrophic. End of the world. Maybe a PR thing. So he took his time getting there, only to realize it was just the two of them on the top floor of the Avengers tower. 

“Good, you’re here. Sit down.” Wade’s gaze flicked from the other man’s back, trying to read some of the details on the projected screen he was looking at. 

“You know, I like to show up fashionably late to these sorts of things so I don’t have to make awkward small talk.” He took a pointed sip of his iced coffee before plopping down on the couch, throwing his feet up on the coffee table. 

“This isn’t an Avengers thing. It’s a you-and-me thing,” Tony said, walking towards Wade. 

“Ooh, is it? I gotta say, you’re not on my list (Spiderman/Deadpool issue #4) but -”

“Not that. I mean I’m hiring you for a job.” 

Wade raised a non-existent eyebrow. Not that Tony could see either way with the mask. “Uh, okay. That’s cool - but I’m kind of like, slowly extracting myself from the murder business. I mean I’m sure I 

could 

be persuaded if the payout is high enough, but -”

“It’s not a hit - wait, really?” Wade shrugged. “You have ‘dead’ in your name.”

“Well I’m gonna hold off on rebranding to see if this really sticks.”

Tony squinted. “Any… motivation for your charitable change of heart?”

“Oh, sure. The desire to rub elbows with A-list heroes more often, my need to be loved and praised, wanting to seduce Spider-man by proving to him I’m a better match than he thought, Pride and Prejudice style, and…” He stopped counting off on his fingers. “Were you expecting to hear something like ‘I realized what I was doing was wrong and wanted to change myself for the better’?”

Tony sighed. “I’ve always tried to be pragmatic. Well, congrats on your six week chip or whatever. I don’t intend to outsource any of my enemies to you anyway. I need you for a surveillance job. Nothing lethal, no maiming. Just observe and report.” He flicked the holographic screen until it blew up, automatically flipping so Wade could read it. 

There were a few pictures of the same man - young, nerdy looking, usually wearing glasses - and some information about him. He was a junior at Empire State University in biomedical engineering, he was a Leo, four inches shorter than Wade, and - “He works for you?”

“Started as an intern his freshman year and got hired part time. But there’s something… off about him. The stuff he comes up with is - it’s not on the schedule. He manages to get whatever it is he needs to get done, but he’s tinkering with some other stuff, side projects. Which is fine, I’m all for healthy experimentation. But I’m worried he’s stealing intel.” 

“So why don’t you fire him?” Tony winced.

“He’s… really smart. Like a mini-me level - well not 

that smart, 

but he’s up there. And I want to make sure he’s like, actually doing something nefarious before I decide one way or another. At least if he’s employed here I can keep an eye on him for eight hours a day. And he seems so mousy that it’s hard to imagine - but, I don’t know. There’s something about him…”

“Is it those dark, soulful eyes?” Wade offered, glancing at the pictures. Tony ignored him.

“He’ll disappear during the day at the most random times and brush it off with some weird excuse, and he’s been working on some sort of nanotech type fabric whenever he stays late - and that is 

not 

his department. I tried to put a tracker on him -”

“Wow, just no trust in the help anymore, huh?”

“- And I tracked it later to the basket of a bicycle some random courier from Brooklyn owns. How’d he manage that?” Wade shrugged. “Exactly.”

“Alright, so he’s weird, got that. But why not hire, I don’t know… Black Widow? Or literally anyone from SHIELD?”

“Because then SHIELD knows about this guy. He could be a SHIELD spy for all I know! That wouldn’t be the first time they pulled that trick. You’re a mercenary; you can do what needs to get done for a paycheck. There’s no secret loyalties or ties to a weird pseudo-government agency.” 

“That’s not true - sometimes I follow my heart.” Tony sighed and pulled out his phone. 

“I can front you ten grand right now, and you’ll get the rest if you bring back anything useful on this kid.” 

Wade crossed one leg over the other, taking another sip of his drink. “How much is the rest?”

Tony showed him his phone screen, upon which there was a one with many repeating zeroes. Wade made a noise of interest.

“I’ll take that as a yes?”

“Just one more thing. In case you haven’t noticed, my lovely costume isn’t the most inconspicuous. And neither is my face. I can trail him no problem, but if you want me to get close enough to pick up any details…” Tony bounced on the balls of his feet, going towards the wet bar on the other side of the room. “Drinking as a reaction to seeing my face is fine, but at least let me whip it out, first!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Fluff
Angst
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Peter Parker... eh
Peter just makes things worse for himself tbh
Pining
Miscommunication
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Burn
I didn't think this was a slow burn
But considering what this word count is gonna be when this fic is done...
I think it counts

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

