Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Contract Chapter 1 To say Harry had been overwhelmed would be putting it lightly, as he walked with Hagrid towards Gringotts. He had an answer to everything that had plagued him for so long. Why he was able to do the things he did, what really happened to his parents, and why everyone was so nice towards him and more importantly why everyone was looking at him, watching him as if he was some sort of messiah. After spending his entire life ignored it was a bit much for him to take. He liked the goblins, they weren’t treating him any differently to any other Wizard. Now wasn’t that weird to say? He was a wizard! He was going to a school to learn how to use magic. Zeroing in on Hagrid whispering – or attempting to – about something secret in a vault he was to pick up for Dumbledore. ‘You-Know-What in vault You-Know-Which’ if it  was such a secret why collect it with so many people in the bank? Why not go to a room and ask the goblin there? There were plenty rooms, Harry observed as they wandered towards the cart. He had to smother his amusement at how green Hagrid went when they went for the ride. Personally, Harry found it thrilling to say the least. As they barrelled along underground vaults, at a speed that was faster than most cars went. It had to be under London…way lower than even the train stations. How had nobody managed to find it? It had to be protected by magic.  Another thing he quickly realized, that his Aunt Petunia had to be lying about his parents being unemployed. Otherwise how did they have so much money to give to him if that was the case? Although, after mentally calculating it all, along with what they said he’d need, he realized there wouldn’t be a massive pile left over after Hogwarts. It was more than he had before so he couldn’t complain. Scooping up what had been recommended to him, Harry returned to the cart and on they went. He feared that the hatred Vernon and Petunia had wouldn’t extent to his money. Could he even try to stop them he wondered? Just as they were about to leave, a goblin spoke up, “Mr. Potter, your account manager, Trerx would like a moment of your time.” “We have to go, I gotta get Harry his things for school,” Hagrid said immediately, almost as if he had anticipated the question. Harry looked up at the gigantic wizard, observing the beady black eyes filled with anxiety. If he didn’t know any better, he would say Hagrid was worried. Why would he be worried about him speaking to his ‘account manager?’ which surprised him, didn’t they cost money. “As I said, just a moment of Mr. Potter’s time,” Bofze replied, unperturbedly staring up at Hagrid without any emotion showing on his face. “Come on, Harry, let’s go get yer things,” Hagrid insisted trying to guide Harry out of the bank. Albus had asked him to make sure the goblins didn’t overwhelm Harry with their legal jargon so young. That he would tell Harry at a pace that was more suited for his young mind. The order had come from Albus, so of course, Hagrid was going to do his level best to see it through. “I’d like to talk to him,” Harry insisted, refusing to be directed out of the bank. He wanted to make sure that his Aunt and Uncle – how he loathed calling them that given how they treat him – couldn’t touch his money. Hagrid stopped, staring at Harry with an almost dumb look on his face, “It’s nothin’ yeh need to worry about, Harry,” Harry was just about to nod when Hagrid added, “Albus Dumbledore will tell yeh everything you need to know.” Now that raised flags, he didn’t know much, but what he did know was that Albus Dumbledore was the Headmaster of Hogwarts, why would his Headmaster have to tell him anything? Why would he even know about his finances? He was so confused. “That’s okay, I’d like to ask…Trerx a few questions anyway,” Harry said, which was true enough. “Are yah sure, Harry?” Hagrid asked again, looking very stuck, he wasn’t good with confrontation. He wanted to do what Albus asked of him, but he couldn’t exactly drag Harry out of Gringotts or demand he leave, it wasn’t in his nature. “Yes, I’m sure,” Harry replied with a bit more backbone, he had so many unanswered questions, he wasn’t going to leave without having them answered. Hagrid seemed reluctant to tell him anything, he’d had to coax out what happened to his parents for Merlin’s sake. The goblins seemed more straightforward, and Harry suspected they’d tell him exactly what he wanted to know. And the fact Hagrid and Dumbledore were trying to hide things from him didn’t endear them to him at all. “Follow me,” the goblin grunted out, turning back towards where they had just been. Instead of heading towards the carts, they made their way towards the rooms, upon opening it he realized they were conference rooms of sorts. “Trerx will be here momentarily,” Harry nodded as he looked around the room, the gleaming marble walls, filled with a whole paraphernalia of items. Most of them were weapons, like daggers, swords, sp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Rabastan Lestrange/Harry Potter
Rodolphus Lestrange/Sirius Black
past Rodolphus Lestrange/Bellatrix Lestrange
Tom Marvolo Riddle|Lord Slytherin/Bill Weasley

freeform: 
carrier harry
Mpreg
Molestation of a Minor (Ginny)
Teenage Death (Ronald Weasley)
Worldbuilding
Wizarding Politics (Harry Potter)
Wizarding Culture (Harry Potter)
Wizarding Laws (Harry Potter)
Harry changes Wizarding Laws
Sane Voldemort (Harry Potter)
Mentions of Suicide in Chapter 110

fandom: 
Rabastan Lestrange/Harry Potter
Rodolphus Lestrange/Sirius Black
past Rodolphus Lestrange/Bellatrix Lestrange
Tom Marvolo Riddle|Lord Slytherin/Bill Weasley

