Chapter 1



Notes:
Just restating that this is super not Steve/Wanda/Clint friendly and that I do not actually know how to speak Russian. (That's the short of it, pretty much all this a/n says.)As of now, DemonicReader has offered to help (and I really appreciate it, because I probably already sound like an idiot in English, it's worse to sound like an idiot and be completely ignorant to sounding stupid). Also, I thought I have made a note about how I wasn't going to use the Cyrillic alphabet because, typically as a reader, I do not know what they stand for in the English alphabet, so I just romanized (I think that's what it's call) them, so I could imagine what they said and how they sounded when they said it, not just knowing that it wasn't in English and was actually in Russian. NEW NOTE: So, DemonicReader has allowed me to make them co-author, and she's helped so much. The Best (TM). C: I am not opposed to a beta or anything, though. If you're interested. So, this is similar to the warning I THOUGHT I already gave you (but apparently did not): I REALLY dislike Steve Rogers, and since Wanda is dead, I'm also picking on Clint. You'll notice, it's very obvious, that I do not like these characters. They may not be in character, I personally, see them as giant douche-bags even in canon. Every little thing I tend to nitpick and use it as 'evidence' to dislike them. I don't really need to prove anything, but it's nice to shock people with mostly forgotten events in defense of why you (me) dislike these beloved characters. After those moments, I'm typically left alone.I will also admit that I actually do like Clint, but for the purpose of my story, he's a little (maybe a lot) hostile towards the Soldier, so yeah. He might warm up to him, he might not... I have no idea where this is going, but yeah. Anyway, yeah. I'll just pretend that this note was always here, and I'm sorry to anyone who likes Cap, Wanda, and Clint, but yeah, I know I should have warned you, and in my defense I thought I had, but yeah. Sorry about that. You probably didn't like it very much.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

“Who the hell is Bucky?” the Soldier raised the gun, but before he could shoot, he caught movement from the corner of his eye… and jumped behind a car just as Natalia shot a grenade at him. He rolled, then slipped away, back to his handler, as he was supposed to do. 

The Soldier knew he had been someone 

before

, but he had never learned his name. He knew two things about the 

before

,  that 

that

 person had a little sister, and that he hadn’t been a weapon. The Soldier had been born in 1971, twenty six years after this 

before

 character had been taken by HYDRA. Just because HYDRA had created him did not mean he felt any loyalty to them. He did not like them, and they hurt him often. They still thought he was going to revert back into the person 

before

. He was not, but he was not allowed to speak unless spoken to. The few times he had, they had only punished him worse. 

He could not get away from them. He knew where they were, he knew the workings of HYDRA, but he would not be free until they were all dead. However, at that point, he had no resources to hurt them, he could disobey, but it was counterproductive to do so. So, he stayed, he did what he was ordered to do, because he couldn’t do anything else. 

It was after the crash of the three helicarriers that the Soldier found freedom. He had fallen, having fought against the one named Captain America, or Steve Rogers. He hadn’t won that fight, but he could have ended him when the other stopped fighting. The Soldier was tempted to end him, but the other had shown him mercy, and he would pay that debt quickly. He refused to own anyone anything, especially someone like Captain America. 

He left after dragging Steve’s body out of the Potomac. He raided the frantic base that he had been kept in and stole what he needed, taking all the gear he could carry while still staying as effective as needed. He executed the struggling members and scientists before departing. HYDRA, and everyone who worked for or with them, would die at his hand. Revenge, but it was also going to be cathartic. He wanted to be a person, not a tool, and this was the first action that needed to be taken to reach this objective. 

The Soldier had been in  hiding, killing HYDRA agents where he could find them, destroyed a base or two. The news had blamed the explosions on gas leaks or accidents. He also followed people who were attacking HYDRA. The Avengers, they were called. They were lead by Captain America, and the Soldier knew about each of them. His handler, the last one, had given him the files on each member. He had been told to avoid all Threat Level Six members, there was only one of those on the team, Tony Stark: the Iron Man. He was also to avoid Dr. Bruce Banner, due to the monster he could become. The Soldier was strong, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/The Winter Soldier
Natasha Romanov & Winter Soldier
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
FRIDAY & the Winter Soldier
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Karnilla/Hela (background)
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli (past/background)

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Wanda Maximoff Dies
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Abusive Parents
Yakov is the Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes is dead
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
delusional steve
Russian Winter Soldier
Dark Tony Stark
Murder
Assassination
The Winter Soldier is a Bad Influence
overbearing Steve
BAMF Ana Jarvis
Not Thor friendly
WTF Bruce
Rude Bruce Banner
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Aunt
Winter Soldier Worked In the Red Room
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
FRIDAY is a Person Too
Not Beta Read
Alternate Universe - Dark
Dark Winter Soldier
Slow Burn
Dubious Morality
Twisted and Fluffy Feelings
Disturbing Themes
Blood and Gore
Violence
I don't know how else to tag this but I'm sure it needs more
Please let me know what else needs to be tagged as this continues!
Not Vision Friendly
Vision chooses Steve over Tony
Because he hates Yakov and loved Wanda
Poor Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
protective winter soldier
Protective Yakov
Yakov and Natalia are a Family
I Lied Clint Sucks
Nothing Bad Happens to Happy
He's Safe For Now
Comic Book Science
Dubious Science
Pop Culture
Star Wars References
Literary References & Allusions
The Lord of the Rings References
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Extremis Tony Stark
Minor Character Death
Tony Stark Feels
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Yakov (sorta)
spiderson
Precious Peter Parker
Minor Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Precious Ned Leeds
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Mental Instability

fandom: 
Tony Stark/The Winter Soldier
Natasha Romanov & Winter Soldier
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
FRIDAY & the Winter Soldier
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Karnilla/Hela (background)
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli (past/background)

