Chapter 1: The Third
    




Chapter Text

I.


 


“This is what happens when you try to be the hero, kid.”


 


“All the heroes are dead.”


 

But then Peter was alive.
 
He could pinpoint the exact moment he drew air into his lungs. The exact moment his chest expanded, and he reached out with flailing hands, trying to find something to hold onto but nothing would make contact.  Peter felt like a balloon ready to float away if he didn’t tie down and grip, and become whole. His body jolted, practically seized and then there were hands wrapping around his wrists, his forearms. They were shoved back down beside him, and held there. He knew people were speaking. They were talking much too quickly for him to comprehend, but his eyes weren’t opening, though he was almost certainly screaming.
 
Peter screamed again, and again, and he thrashed madly, begging for someone to release him, but he could tell by their voices they were not speaking to him. There was this feeling underneath his skin that he did not recognize, like being emptied out but swollen and not right. Not in his own flesh with broken bones and wounds that were removing any chance of life that he had. It was something that some people would consider trivial, but Peter had felt so much after the spider bite that now anything that touched him felt heavier than it should have. Felt more intense, sounded louder, and tasted more bitter.
 
Once, when he had gotten a tooth pulled, he had woken from the anesthetic so out of it that he had pulled a needle from his arm and even though he had been drugged up, he could still remember his aunt’s horrified shouting and his uncle having to hold him so he wouldn’t run from the bed, and down the corridors of the dentist’s surgical office. He had been nine then, and now older it was the same, except it didn’t feel like he had an ounce of pain medicine inside of him, the intense throbbing behind his skull showing itself to be a real threat to the rest of him. It was reanimating, coming to life, but heroes weren’t truly dead, they never really were. Peter appreciated that about story books. Nothing was ever set in stone, because that was what real life was. It was stone.
 
When his eyes finally did open, in a less than poetic way, not the sort of eye opening moment that drew symphonies, but rather one that pulled out all the bloody gore that was behind them. The light above his head was like the sun, a blinding star threatening him and blocking it partially was a man’s face.
 
“He’s way too out of it!”
 
“I told you we shouldn’t be doing this, Director Fury was ridiculous to give this order – “
 
“Director Fury is in charge…We do what he says. End of story.”
 
Peter shot forward, into a sitting position and pain bloomed through every muscle in his body. Systemic, top to bottom. Mister Stark’s voice rang out, but Mister Stark was not there. Peter was completely and utterly alone, screaming his throat raw and it felt like he had swallowed shards of glass and was still expected to breathe past it. There were other horrible things in life, but this was topping the list, smothered in blood and Peter could smell it everywhere. Whether it was his heightened senses or he was bleeding out, he didn’t know.
 
Fire. Hair. Blood. Metal.
 
Smoke, smoke, smoke…
 
A cruel laugh.
 

“All the heroes are dead.”


 


“Or they end up that way.”


 

The man’s face that had been above him came into focus. Something pricked his neck and the world blurred around the edges and Peter’s mouth tasted like metal. He felt like vomiting, but only for a moment because he was falling backward onto the metal tabletop, mind whirling and twisting and he missed something that he didn’t know. His heart ached in the way it had after Uncle Ben had been buried. Like a longing that would never be delivered upon.
 
Maybe all the heroes were dead, but Peter was not.
 
Dead people didn’t miss things, they were missed.
 
…
 

II.

 
When he woke the second time, things were much clearer.
 
There was this moment of pure terror, that was shrouded in what he could only assume was some sort of sedative. Because Peter knew he was afraid. He was afraid of the strong smell of antiseptic. He was afraid of the white walls and the fact that his bed and the machines were the only things in the room with him. Needles were taped to the top of his hand, IVs and wires covered his chest underneath a hospital gown.
 
He was afraid, and he didn’t know what of.
 
The smell was burning his nose though, and his body felt so heavy he could barely lift his head from off the mattress. It was propped up enough to see a door at the very foot of his bed though and the room was rather small, with no windows, making him feel increasingly distressed. A million scenarios tried to run through his head but whatever drugs they had him on, he could barely feel afraid. He knew he was. He knew he was scared, but he couldn’t feel properly and that was probably what disturbed him most of all.
 
Pet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Resurrected Peter Parker
briefly murdered Peter
Spider-Man Homecoming Alternate Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

