Work Text:
“So this new kid,” Harley says, pushing his safety goggles (Stark Industries design, because regular safety goggles are shit and Tony wouldn’t have something so rubbish in his lab if you paid him) up through his ridiculous tumble of loose curls to rest on top of his head. Kid needs a haircut, badly. “Run me through who he is again?” “You look like a mad scientist,” Tony says, gesturing to the goggles and the un-lit welding torch and the science-pun t-shirt that’s got a slight grease stain across the hip where Harley wiped his hand clean on it earlier. He looks like a teenaged blond version Tony, is who he looks like – with the rumpled hair and the grease-smeared clothes and the goggles sitting adorably buried in his hair – but Tony senses the thought coming and deliberately turns his brain away from it. The fond warmth in his chest at the idea of Harley being even a little bit like him is… skirting a little bit too close to thinking about feelings – which, no. Feelings – all of the nope. Harley grins, bright and a little bit wild, and it only serves to make him look more like he should be a cartoon villain in an underground lair. “We are mad scientists,” he says cheerfully, and Tony pauses. “Touché,” he says with a shrug, because – well. The kid ain’t wrong. “And ‘this new kid’ is my intern,” he answers, handing Harley the next square of metal he needs. “And he’s not new. I’ve had him for like 6 months now, you just haven’t bothered to come see me in ages.” “I was here last summer, and also, we literally just moved here, so we were kind of busy with the moving prep, and all, between then and now.” “Yeah, well, a lot can happen in a year,” Tony says, as the kid disentangles the goggles from his curls and settles them back over his eyes, putting the new piece of metal into place and firing up the welding torch. “Yeah, tell me about it,” he grouses. “The Accords get signed off on; the Winter Soldier gets framed; that new Spidey-guy joins the roster; Team Cap break an airport, break the Avengers, and break out of jail; you adopt another kid; Rhodey gets new legs; you got engaged… I left you alone for ten months, Tony, and all this happened. It hasn’t even been a full year.”  Tony had winced at – well, several things in that little monologue, but the Rhodey-related wince was the worst. The guy is back on his feet and loving the new braces, but the fact that they’re necessary at all still makes something big twitch in agony in Tony’s chest. Rhodey is adamant that it’s not Tony’s fault – but Tony can’t help the guilt he feels. He – he needs to pull his thoughts away from this topic, right now, is what he needs to do. “Who said anything about adopting?” he settles on saying, instead of addressing… literally everything else Harley just said. “I haven’t adopted anyone, yet alone ‘another’ kid; I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Harley stops welding so that he can properly level an unimpressed look at Tony through the safety goggles. It’s weirdly intimidating. “Uh huh,” the kid says, everything in his voice saying I’m calling bullshit, which, rude. “A) you have a parent already,” Tony points out. “B) I don’t even want kids. Conclusion: no one’s been adopted and no one’s getting adopted. I am a childless man.” Harley looks at FRIDAY’s closest camera and rolls his eyes at her, as though they’re commiserating. “Sure,” the kid says dismissively, and goes back to his welding, and he’s clearly humouring Tony, which is just insulting. Tony decides to just ignore the whole exchange. “Anyway, Peter,” he says, getting the conversation back on track. “Clever kid, you’ll like him. He’s cluey. Specialises more in bio-chem than engineering, but he’s hardly a slouch in that department either, so you’ll have plenty to talk about. Oh geez, please don’t team up. I’ve just had a terrifying thought. You’re not allowed to team up and create a --- I don’t know, a bio-mechanical pet dog, or whatever, that’ll wreak merry havoc in my Tower and pee motoroil on all my furniture.” “You know we gotta do that now, right?” Harley says, grinning, and Tony points a stern finger at him. “No,” he says. “Absolutely not.” “Hey FRI, open up a folder titled The Starklings Bio-Mechanical Mayhem Maker,” Harley says, because he’s a devious little chaos-creating shit. “Folder created,” FRIDAY says cheerily. “FRI, delete that folder immediately,” Tony says. “I don’t have Starklings, and no one is making a bio-mech menace.” “Boss, you know that even if I delete something, there’s always echoes of it that can be salvaged and restored,” she says, sounding fake-apologetic. “Nothing is ever truly erased these days.” “Have you deleted it yet?” Tony demands. “My understanding is that pets are good for young humans,” she says, and judging by the way Harley starts laughing, Tony can guess that the kid knows just as well as Tony does that she means no I haven’t and I’m not gonna. “I’m being betrayed by my own children,” Tony moans, and Harley keeps right 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
happy 20-bi-teen
here have a fic where everyone is bi
(actually no - not everyone. FRIDAY and the bots are not bi)
but harley is and peter is
and tony is the OG bisexual
if he does say so himself
(spoiler: he does say so himself)
Father-Son Relationship
sorta - Freeform
cause tony keeps saying he doesnt have kids
tony is a fool
Bisexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Peter Parker
Bisexual Harley Keener
Irondad

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

