Work Text:
Tony Stark had a thing about giving Peter stuff. Peter would like to say it started small, but honestly, the first suit alone was probably worth enough to buy a house. The second was probably enough to buy a whole neighborhood. That wasn't even counting the time Tony put into it, which was valuable all on its own.When he was in high school, a lot of it was practical stuff, the sorts of things Tony would've given to anyone in the Avengers or had on paper as an SI intern. A newer, sturdier, more secure phone, so Peter could actually call someone if he got into trouble again after an unfortunate incident with a school trip, ending up on the wrong side of the ice in a frozen lake, and a new supervillain Peter and Ned had actually thought was a horror movie monster for one terrifying night. A newer, sturdier backpack with its own security system, because Aunt May was not amused now that she knew exactly why he kept needing replacements. A set of new clothes when Tony found out about how hard the occasional lab accident was on his wardrobe, replacement jeans and shirts in his usual brands and style. At that point, it wasn't even a thing, just something he did for everyone.One time, Colonel Rhodes was testing new bracers at the same time as Tony had supervised Peter loading up his suit with more web-shooters. Rhodes confided to Peter while Tony went to fetch Peter the latest Starkphone before he could leave, "Don't worry too much. It's Tony. He goes a bit overboard with us all. If you genuinely don't want something or think it's too much, tell him, and he'll lay off." Rhodes clapped a hand to Peter's shoulder. "Or tell me, and I can do it for you."So it was normal, or at least normal for Tony, until it sort of—wasn't. Peter didn't think Tony even noticed that as Peter got older, the gifts changed, expanded. Maybe it was the break-up with Ms. Potts and the need for all that gift-giving energy to go somewhere. Maybe it was Tony having a midlife crisis and living his dreams through Peter. Peter hoped (oh, did he hope) that it was something different, something more.It really got started with college. Tony was excited Peter was going to be attending his alma mater. First it was a laptop, a desktop, and a new StarkTablet, normal enough. Tony did love to shower people with tech, and it was waved off as a graduation present. But then—"Do you even need to stay in the dorms?" Tony asked. "I could get you an apartment."Peter laughed. He'd thought Tony was kidding. Tony was not kidding. It ended up being the first time Peter had to turn Tony down. "No," Peter explained as he gave Tony back the key, "I'm not allowed to live off-campus my freshman year."(This would not save him from Tony giving him the key just before it was time to sign up for dorm space again. "I already bought the place. It's been sitting empty. You don't have to live there; you can use it for a secret clubhouse for all I care. It's an option, is all.")Tony offered to fly Peter back to New York whenever he wanted, whether that was during actual school breaks or for the weekend. Peter said, "I wouldn't want to put anyone out," which Tony apparently took to mean, "I need my own private jet." At least Tony hadn't tried to give him a car to take him to the airport, opting instead to make sure Peter knew he could call Tony's own private local car service at any time.Tony bought Peter an expanded wardrobe, because, "You're an adult now. You want to look smart for your interview.""It's a tutoring job," Peter explained, staring at his new suits and stuck between bewildered and amused. "I don't think they care that much.""So what you're saying is you need something more business casual."That wasn't what Peter was saying, but Tony bought him a wide range of styles in varying levels of formality, including designer jeans. Tony was definitely using the measurements from all their work and adjustments on the Spider-suit, because everything fit like it was tailored to him. Peter suspected it actually was.Maybe Peter should have gotten the hint sooner, but it was the way Tony lit up, the very real pleasure in his eyes, when Peter showed up at the workshop at the Compound over the first winter break clad entirely in clothing that Tony had bought him, that made Peter wonder if there was something more going on here.Tony didn't say anything about it. He asked, "Are you taller? I feel like you've gotten taller. What are they feeding you?"Peter smiled. "Maybe you're shrinking."Tony stayed a full hour to make various minor adjustments and repairs to the suit with Peter, making small talk and asking Peter about his classes. On the way out, Tony looked him over one last time. "College seems to agree with you, kid. You look good.""That's the clothes you bought me," Peter said.Tony's smile grew teeth. "That, too. Let me know if there's anything else I can do for you."Alone in the lab, Peter thought about it. He thought about it a lot. He decided that he would.—For Peter, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
College Student Peter Parker
Sugar Daddy
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
College
Explicit Sexual Content
Stealth Crossover
Multiple Orgasms
POV Peter Parker
Lingerie
Sex Toys
Age Difference
Canon-Typical Violence
Sounding
Romance
Flirting
Adult Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

