Chapter 1: Aliens in San Francisco
    




Chapter Text
“So what's this whole case about again?” Steve questioned, drumming a pencil on the desk in the conference room of Stark Tower. Tony had called everyone into an emergency meeting, exclaiming that the police in San Francisco had begged him to take a case. 
Steve was sitting by the table, holding a pen in his hands. Bucky was sitting right next to him, aimlessly poking at Steve’s hair with his right arm, as he wasn't wearing the prosthetic arm that Shuri had made for him. Sam sat on the opposite side of Steve, scrolling through his phone. Natasha sat on the opposite side of the table, absentmindedly drawing swirls on a piece of paper with a pen. Clint sat in a corner, softly thrumming an arrow in his hand. All in all, only Steve seemed invested in what Tony had to say.
 
“Something to do with aliens.” Tony replied, tapping away at the holographic keyboard. “San Francisco PD contacted me a day ago, said they were suspicious that an alien they thought to be dead was actually alive, and dropping bodies.” 
 
Tony then pulled up a picture of a humanoid creature, standing back to let everyone in the room view it. It looked like a man, except it was nearly a staggering ten feet tall and looked to be made of tar, or some similar substance. Not to mention, it had silvery white eyes and long, sharp, jagged teeth, along with a terrifyingly long tongue. The Avengers hadn't seen anything like it before. Everyone in the room stared at the creature, questions hanging in mid air.
 
“What the hell is that thing?” Natasha asked incredulously, breaking the silence and voicing a question that nearly everyone in the room had. She wasn't typically disturbed by much, but whatever creature was on the screen seemed a bit intimidating, even to her.
 
“It says here that's it's called a symbiote. Basically, it's an alien, an alien that is bonded to a human host.” Tony explained. “San Fran PD says they believe it died two months ago in an accident, but they now have evidence to suggest it's still alive, and they want us to handle it.”
 
“Sounds fun.” Droned Bucky, who wasn't particularly interested in the conversation. Steve had dragged him into the meeting, insisting Bucky needed to do something while living at Stark Tower. Bucky wasn't particularly pleased.
 
Tony tilted his head, a bit of a knowing laugh escaping his mouth. “Yeah, well, San Fran PD is pretty frantic to stop the killings, so they want us to fly there as soon as possible.”
 
Clint, who had started listening intently after bodies were mentioned, lifted his head at that statement. “How many bodies are there?” He asked.
 
Tony’s eyes scanned through the information he had been sent. “So far, at least a dozen, but police suspect there might be a total of two dozen.”
 
Natasha huffed slightly, sitting up somewhat in her seat. “I can see why they want us to fly out there so badly.” She ran a hand through her hair, then took another glance at the picture. “Did they say what the cause of death has been?”
 
Tony pulled up a file he had been sent, and scanned through it. “Police have been finding the bodies with the heads cut clean off. They don't know how, but they are finding teeth marks on the bodies, so you can venture to guess how the heads are disappearing.”
 
“Man eating alien, hm?” Commented Sam, who was sitting next to Steve and tapping his fingers on the desk. “We should probably get some more information on this alien. It's not really best to go in blind.”
 
“I’ve been contacting anyone I can get ahold of to ask about these symbiotes. The only person who knew a lot about them is dead.” Tony pulled up a different picture, one of a man. “This is Carlton Drake. He ran illegal human experiments on homeless people using these aliens. He died in a rocket crash two months ago, the same crash that was believed to have killed the alien we’ve been assigned to take care of.”
 
Clint, who was sitting in the corner, shook his head disapprovingly. “Human experiments, hm?”
 
“Well, I’m gonna keep trying to get ahold of someone who knows something about these aliens. In the meantime, we should all pack and get ready to fly out to California.” Tony remarked, and everyone nodded. “Alright, let's do this.”
 
With that, most of them left the room, but Natasha stuck behind as Tony clicked away at the keyboard.
 
“Doesn't an alien seem a bit strange?” Natasha remarked, glancing at the photo again. “I mean, we’ve faced aliens before, but nothing like this…. this thing.”
 
“Yeah, well, our lives themselves are strange, aren't they? An alien shouldn't be too hard to take care of.”
 
“I’m just saying, you said it was bonded to a person. An alien I can deal with, but said alien having a human host adds a whole new layer onto this case.”
 
“Exactly why I’m calling in some backup,” Tony remarked, pulling up messages on his computer, “because we’ll need more than our regular team for this one.”
 
~~~~~
 
Peter pulled one of his earbuds out of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Shuri & Loki
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Anne Weying/Dan Lewis
Venom Symbiote & Deadpool

freeform: 
Avengers meet Venom
It is not socially acceptable to eat people
Venom just wants to be left alone
Misunderstandings
Graphic Descriptions of Eating People
eddie is Tired
Venom and Eddie are saps
BAMF Anne Weying
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Peter and Shuri are meme lords
loki is a little shit
but we love him
Eddie just wants a nap
Scott Lang is the hero we all deserve
Eddie is king of snark
Bruce Banner is a sweetheart
here comes the chaos trio
the only violence is Venom eating people
Happy Ending
little angst
quite a bit of fluff
Prankster trio
Deadpool is also a little shit
No major violence
minimal violence
hinted jewish bucky barnes
hinted jewish peter parker
Deaf Clint
dont mess with anne weying
Dan Lewis is also the hero we all deserve
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Shuri & Loki
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Anne Weying/Dan Lewis
Venom Symbiote & Deadpool

