Chapter 1: Rules
    




Chapter Text


Your teeth fret with the edge of your lower lip even as it begins to feel a little tender in that spot. You're not really sure how you got here, who actually said the words? You're almost certain it wasn't you, but as you look around the room, the three men in it with you all seem to have the same expression in varying degrees of confusion on their face.With three, maybe four, glasses of wine under your belt you made a sudden choice. Do you want this to happen? Yes or no. First answer; yes. You exhale through your dry lips as you make the choice and decide to stick with it. Wetting your lips and feeling the effects of the rosé, you pull the elastic from your hair, tousle a hand through it and take a long, steadying breath inward, filling your lungs with the heady scent of three very different men.They all have their eyes on you; one leaning against the door, one foot in front of the other, crossed at the ankles. His face is soft and perhaps a little nervous. His shoulders are broad and in a button down shirt with the tip of a white tank showing underneath, he is most certainly the boyish-charm of the group.Your eyes pan to the right a little and you find the second perched on the edge of a leather reading chair; his face is scruffy but you can tell the chiselled jaw even through his beard. His hair is long, the fronts pulled back but the rest left to cascade like a blond waterfall over his shoulders. His eyes are blue but they wear shadows in them that make you loose a sigh from your mouth. He has hunger in his eyes.The third is near the window; he glances over his glistening shoulder at you. You try, but his eyes are much harder to read than the others. Strands of chestnut hair fall over his face before he brushes them back with fingers that are his own while he fists ones that aren't. He draws the curtains and the room sinks into a sort of smoky grey, until the first switches on a lamp across the room and the ambient orange glow bleeds its fingers of light towards you.Another breath as you set your shoulders back to keep your composure. It looks like if you want this thing to happen; you're going to have to start things off yourself.With your hair now loose around your shoulders and face, you blow a few tufts back before your fingers nervously move to the top button on your pink cardigan. You swear the sound of plastic passing through acrylic wool echoes off the walls of the dimly lit bedroom as the first of... six, you count nimbly with your fingers... buttons is released.“Rules,” you say, and in an effort to make your voice sound husky you sort of swell your tongue in your mouth. It doesn't have the desired effect and it comes out less sultry and husky, more lisped and mumbled. You shake that moment off as you move to the second button; you're still wearing a awful lot of clothes but when that one pops free it has Thor out of his seat.“She's right,” he says, actually huskily, and you smile realising he understood you all the same. “Rules are in order for this,” he rolls his hand at the wrist as though he's looking for the word.You want to say 'fuckening', but you convince yourself that's just the wine talking and you staple your rosy lips closed.“Right, this...,” Steve tries to offer some help as he pushes off the door, but he can't think of a word either and he sheepishly looks down at the floor.“Fuckening,” Bucky speaks up from near the window. He hasn't moved. He chuckles to himself, it's not candid or light, but there is a sort of whimsy in it you don't often see in him.Granted, you haven't known him long, any of them really, since you were sent here a few months ago to upgrade a few systems and you were left with little choice but to stay on when the place went into lock down; at least for anyone who wasn't a super soldier or Nordic God anyway. Another comb of fingers pass through your hair as you put all of that to one side, because frankly, you have much better things to occupy your mind right now.You offer Bucky a smile and he gives you a small nod in return. “We should set some rules,” the third and fourth buttons pop open. “Firstly, protection,” you lift your shoulders, trying to appear more confident than you are; that's definitely the wine helping. “It's non-negotiable.”They all nod, though you catch a glimpse of melancholy in Thor and you suspect he's kind of a bareback rider. Not tonight.You look around, but this isn't your room and your confidence is starting to buckle until Steve steps forward.“Of course, I have,” he walks around you to the mahogany bedside table. He opens the drawer with a jolt and you smile as he nearly loses all the contents on the floor. He's nervous and you can't help but be a little attracted to that. He drops a fistful of condoms onto the bed and your mouth gapes a little at the films of foil packets. There has to be at least 20.
Fuckening indeed.
“Not that, uh,” he looks at the small mountain of condoms he's made on his bro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Foursome - F/M/M/M
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Masturbation
Vaginal Fingering
Reader-Insert
You're the main focus
Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Sex Toys
Light Bondage
Daddy!Thor
Voyeurism
Sub Bucky Barnes
Watcher!Bucky
Riding
Steve Rogers Feels
Dom Thor (Marvel)
Rough Sex
Dry Humping
thigh riding

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

