Work Text:
Bucky sat on the battered, well-worn couch in Tony’s workshop, wrapped in the blanket Butterfingers usually brought out when his creator was injured, and finally allowed himself to close his eyes and just rest for a few minutes.  The last few days had been a nightmarish blur.  He remembered watching the battle with Loki through FRIDAY’s holograms and worrying for Tony when the feed from his suit cut out.  He remembered Steve’s demands for Loki to undo the spell that was making Bucky “act this way” and Tony’s pleas for Steve to think about what he was doing.  And then … then he remembered everything.
He knew he left the Tower.  He thought Steve might have tried to stop him, could vaguely recall lashing out when someone tall and blond stood in his way and reached for him.  He hoped it was Steve.  He didn’t want to think about what damage he might have done to someone who wasn’t enhanced.
After that, all rational thought gone, he just kept moving, kept hiding, heeding some hindbrain function that insisted if he ran fast enough he could escape the seemingly endless memories of torture and death and frozen nothingness.  That he could outpace the dark presence that creeped in the back of his mind.  He pushed and pushed, until he collapsed, but even in sleep he had no reprieve from the faces of the dead.
He’d come back to himself in the pitch black of an abandoned subway tunnel, far beneath the city streets, huddled against the tunnel wall and clutching what felt like a small, sharp piece of rusted metal in his hand.  He’d thought about using it, about dying there in the dark like the monster he was, but couldn’t.  Couldn’t do that to Tony, who was probably already frantic with worry over him.  Couldn’t do that to FRIDAY, who was still so young.  Couldn’t do that to the bots, who didn’t understand anything except that Bucky was their friend.  He let the metal drop from his fingers.
Clear headed, if still exhausted and heartsick, Bucky had navigated his way out of the tunnels, ghosting past the transients who made the more habitable parts of the tunnels their home.  He’d traveled back to Manhattan, unremarkable among the other subway commuters, and carefully slipped into the Tower unseen.  FRIDAY had welcomed him back, worry evident in her voice, and had been a silent, comforting presence in the workshop until Tony arrived.
Now, listening to the familiar sounds of the workshop, the quiet hum of machinery and soft whirr of electronics, he felt some of the strain of the last few days gradually begin to ease.  He thought he might actually be able to sleep without nightmares, at least for a little while, with Tony and the bots puttering nearby and knowing FRIDAY was on guard.  He’d ask Tony when he returned; he didn’t think the other man would mind.
He opened his eyes when he heard the workshop door open, but a greeting died on his lips when he saw the expression on Tony’s face.  It was equal parts frustrated, guilty, and resigned, and Bucky sat up, concerned.  “Tony?”
“Hey, Sugarplum,” Tony said with a small tired smile, pulling out a seat across from Bucky.  “I really wish I could let you rest, but things are about to come to a head and you need make a decision.”
“Me?” Bucky asked, surprised. 
“Yeah,” Tony said, running a hand through his hair before looking up to face Bucky.  “Look, when you left the Tower and FRIDAY couldn’t find you, I contacted the Accords Committee.” 
Bucky nodded, subdued, and leaned forward to catch one of Tony’s hands with his flesh one.  “I know, Tony.  I know I’m dangerous, especially with the trigger words.  My pardon was very clear about knowing where I am at all times and what would happen if I tried to disappear again.” He squeezed Tony’s hand gently.  “I knew there would be consequences when I came back and I’ll abide by whatever the Committee decides.  It was worth it just to see you.”
Tony gaped at him, seemingly at a loss for words, and Bucky, despite the seriousness of the situation, had to fight to keep from smiling at the sight.  He must not have been all that successful because Tony rolled his eyes, some of the tension leaving his shoulders.
“Goddamn insufferable flirt,” Tony said, the corner of his mouth lifting.  “Actually reading important legal documents and accepting responsibility.  How am I supposed to resist you now?”  His tone was teasing, but his eyes were soft with affection.  “And Jesus, Bucky, the Committee isn’t going to punish you for this mess.  They’re just relieved you were able to come back on your own.” 
“I … think I attacked Steve,” Bucky pointed out hesitantly.  Something stirred at the memory, the dark presence muttering a coldblooded analysis of strengths and weaknesses and a shift from ally to enemy, but Bucky carefully pushed it back into the shadows for now. 
Tony snorted.  “You punched him, once, after he grabbed you.  A bloody nose was the least he deserved.  Seriously, you are not the one in trouble here.  That’s not the issue.”
Bucky gave
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

