Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Earth had fallen.   This was never meant to happen, was never part of the plan. Thor was here, Loki had made sure of it, and Thor never lost. Certainly not to his pathetically inferior little brother.   Yet Thor knelt with the rest of the so-called Avengers at Thanos' feet, his head bowed in defeat. Bright red blood ran sluggishly down his face from a cut on his forehead, dripping onto the asphalt.   When he looked up, it was to fix Loki with a glare of such poisonous hatred it turned his insides cold. One of the Chitauri forced his head back down again, but the rage and betrayal and disgust in his eyes would forever be burned into Loki's mind.   "You fought well," Thanos said finally into the hush that had fallen. "You should be proud."   Loki knew what came next. As he waited a breathless silence fell over the air, dread and morbid anticipation hanging over him like a heavy shroud. Not Thor, please, not him. Please. Thanos nodded, and half the guards standing over the Earth's defenders struck. A frisson of near-pain ran through him like a tear along a seam as his little hawk fell alongside the patriotic captain, the remnants of their bond being severed, but he nearly didn't feel it.   Thor. Thor with a Chitauri spear through his back. Thor's blood running to the ground, much more now than before, his hands scrabbling futilely at his armor where the pointed tip emerged from the center of his breast. The realization, the fear in his eyes, and it had to be misplaced, because Loki had never seen his brother afraid before now.   No.   The world drifted out of focus. His ears were ringing, and distantly he was aware of the uproar as what remained of the Avengers reacted in shock and grief, but he could hear nothing, see nothing but the red behind his eyelids. Red like blood, like Thor's blood, and oh Norns what had he done.   He only snapped back to himself when Thanos turned his attention to him. "You have done well," he said, and he reached to take the Tesseract out of Loki's nerveless fingers. He had hoped to use it somehow, to turn it against the Titan and overpower him, but it didn't seem terribly important anymore.   In the background, the Chitauri began to mobilize, no doubt to extend to the rest of the Earth the same treatment given their heroes.   "Now that you've proven your usefulness, I have another job for you." He crushed the Tesseract and dropped the Space Stone, now freed from its casing, into its slot on the gauntlet. "The Time Stone is here on Earth. I can feel it. You will find it and bring it to me."   Loki nodded, and Thanos smiled. It was a cruel smile, one that said he knew exactly what he had done and cared nothing for the pain he had caused.   "You have set my expectations high." Thanos' voice was a deep rumble, full of something that could be mistaken for warmth by someone who didn't know him well. "Do not disappoint me."   "I shall not," he managed in a shaky voice.   The Time Stone.   The beginnings of a desperate plan began to put themselves together in his mind.   It could work.   It had to work.   He closed his eyes, carefully locked everything he was feeling in a box in his mind marked 'not real' (and my wasn't it getting full. So many things he'd rather not acknowledge) and extended a tendril of power to search for the Time Stone.  The building where the trail of the Time Stone led him must have once been elegant. Even now, there was something grand about it beneath the broken glass and the stink of burnt-out seidr.   The sorcerers huddled inside were like children, backed into corners and muttering their cantrips, terror making their voices quaver as the monsters approached.   He couldn't bear to stride in amidst the conquerors, to stand over the mortals like a hound advancing on scared rabbits. The thought made him feel sick to his stomach, so he drew a glamour in place to hide himself from sight before stepping over the threshold.   Finding the stone's guardian was easy. This place was full of curious young things dabbling in the unnecessarily complex yet elegant magic of Midgard. The woman with eyes as old as his own who practically stank of dark magic stood out like a Frost Giant in Asgard.   She stood in the deepest part of the building, in a back room untouched as of yet by the battle raging outside, a last line of defense should all else fail.   He allowed his glamour to drop as he approached. With the amount of power she radiated, it likely wouldn't have fooled her anyway, and as much as he usually enjoyed sneaking, words were his greatest weapon.   She kept her back turned as he entered, and continued watching though the window as the city burned.   "When I was a girl," she said, not flinching away from a sudden swell of crashes and screams as a building in the distance exploded, "my father used to read me stories from around the world, the myths and legends of every people. 'Every good story,' he'd tell me, 'is built on a core of truth, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Time Loop
Temporary Character Death
Suicide Attempt
Alternate Universe - Loki Wins
At The Beginning of the Loop At Least
Loki Makes Bad Decisions When He Thinks There Are No Consequences
Some Humor
POV Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

