Work Text:
It starts with a clear blue sky, and ugly faces snarling, and bared claws and teeth, and Bucky at his back.It starts with the rattle of too-close gunfire and a cacophony of voices in his ears, calling out patterns and warnings and sharp-edged compliments, and then a bright spear of power, lightning forking and forking again until it’s a huge fan shattering the cloudless sky.“Oh, shit,” several voices say, and between profanities Iron Man is telling Hawkeye that if he finds Thor first he has to fill Thor in, and Hawkeye is shouting his location to War Machine, and War Machine is answering in rapid-fire affirmatives, and there’s the sound of footsteps running, and Steve has to explain all of this to Bucky, let him know what’s going on. More lightning, and thunder cracking more or less continuously, and out of the corner of his eye Steve spots movement and Bucky’s already yelling at him, words that sound like his name and Get the fuck down!, and Steve sees a muzzle and a bright ominous light and he only has time for two more movements: grab Bucky, put up the shield - ///“Doctor,” Tony mutters to himself, “we need a doctor, but is there a doctor who can actually tell us what the fuck happened to those two?”Pepper strides straight to him, heels clicking down the stairs and then over the floor, and he falls right into her offered arms. He’s tired. He’s deep into adrenaline crash. He’s not okay. He’s looking at two six-year-old boys slumped in a heap of clothes and armor. Blue and black and a shield that is now more than big enough for both of them to hide behind.One of the boys has long black hair and a perfectly miniaturized bionic arm, gleaming silver and dangerous. The other has short blond hair and is skinny, skinny like he needs several days’ worth of meals in him and a couple of cows’ worth of milk or maybe cheese besides. Pizza, Tony thinks, when he was a kid his favorite meal was pizza. Now he prefers burgers, the greasier the better. Maybe kids today still like pizza.He feels Pepper press a kiss into his hair - still flattened from the helmet - before she pulls away, and the worry and the determination on her face makes him want to hold her hand, so he does, and he counts it as a victory when she squeezes his fingers with hers. Her voice is full of authority: “Why don’t we talk about how this happened, first,” she says. “Start from the top.”“From the top as in alien uglies attacked, or from the top as in an Asgardian showed up?”“Thor.”Tony nods, and narrows his eyes as Dummy carefully rolls up to the little boys. He and Pepper are standing outside the workshop. The only clear and possibly safe space for the children is the corner next to the ’bots. Children. On a table. In his workshop.Children who happen to be, as far as he knows, Captain America and the Winter Soldier.He takes a deep breath, mostly of relief, when Dummy leaves the boys alone, and begins. “What I remember is Thor and his light show. He was trying to fry the cannon that the bad guys were aiming at those two. But the cannon went off anyway - ”“Sir,” JARVIS offers. “The playback from my sensors shows that the lightning struck the cannon just before it fired.”“Yeah. Must have whacked around with the cannon but good. Keep analyzing, we still don’t know much.” He turns back to Pepper. “So all we saw was Cap putting the shield up, and him and tall dark ’n’ deadly getting hit.”“And you found them like this,” Pepper says.Tony nods once, twitching. “I thought for sure they’d get singed at the very least. Not a scratch on them, though. Just - little boys.”“We could get in touch with Stephen Strange. He does seem to have a knack for - things that are not easily explained.”“Him too. I need to talk to Thor. Asgardian. Magic and science. He needs to explain things to us.”He lets Pepper’s hand go, gives her a little lopsided smile, and he takes a step away - “Tony.”“Pep,” he says, because she sounds serious, and he makes a point out of looking at her when she sounds serious. He looks at her now. There is something soft in her eyes. “What?”“You do need to talk to people. And we need to hear explanations. But first we have to talk to them.”“Them who?”She doesn’t answer. Instead, she takes off her shoes, and she pushes into the workshop, and Tony, bemused, follows suit.When he catches up to her, she is sitting on the nearer end of his workbench, just out of arm’s reach of the boys. Steve shivers and sits up, and Tony watches his mouth fall open, torn between wonder and fear and - “Bucky,” Steve says, and he looks around him. Tony’s not sure he’s imagining the pure relief on Steve’s face when he sees the boy sleeping next to him. “Why do you have a metal arm?” At the same time he puts his thin arms around Bucky’s shoulders.Bucky lets out an unexpectedly loud snore in response.Steve grins and shakes his head and doesn’t let him go. Skinny fingers threading through long hair.That’s when Pepper clears her throat, quietly, and says, “Hello, Steve.”“H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
De-aged Steve
De-aged Bucky
turned into kids
Fluff
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Cute Kids
Friendship
Childhood Friends
the kids are all right
Families of Choice
Team as Family
kids on a rampage
pepper potts for the win
Natasha Feels
Thor Feels
Cuddling & Snuggling
Holding Hands
Inspired by Tumblr

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

