Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Loki: Do you really think it's a good idea to go back to Earth?
Thor: Yes, of course. People on Earth love me, I'm very popular.
Loki: Let me rephrase that. Do you really think it's a good idea to bring me back to Earth?
Thor: Probably not, to be honest. I wouldn't worry, Brother. I feel like everything's gonna work out fine.
—————————————
Loki was very amused by his brother’s vehement assertion that once they arrived on earth that both of them would be welcomed with open arms. The god of mischief let his amused thoughts show on his face with a wide smile and a slight chuckle to his voice as he turned away from Thor and started to pace his brother’s quarters. “Ok I get it, you’re trying to develop a sense of humor after all this time. It was a good try, you almost had me believing you for a second there. However I’m intrigued by this trick you’re trying to pull on me, so please dear brother, do explain the punch line to this strange joke to me. This’ll be good for an eternity of merriment.” Loki stated as he continued to laugh as he paced the room. 
Thor turned from the window and watched Loki pace and laugh. This is going to be very fun at least for me anyway, Thor thought with a slight grin appearing on his face. “The ‘punch line’ as you call it is this. I feel that by the time we arrive on earth you, my dear brother, will have learned enough humility and respect that you will no longer be a threat to the people of Midgard or any other realm.” Thor stated as he crossed his arms over his chest and started to walk towards Loki. 
Not liking the dangerous gleam in Thor’s remaining eye, Loki dropped the toothy smile that had spread across his face as he watched his brother cross the room. Loki to crosses his arms but in annoyance. “Just in case this not some cosmic joke. I’m just wondering how you plan on preforming this galactic miracle.” The trickster raised his eyebrow still not believing what he was hearing from Thor. 
“Well for starters this is going to make you pay attention” Thor stated as he flicked his hand out and tossed an obedience disk at Loki. Caught slightly off guard by his brother’s tone, Loki didn’t have a chance to dodge the object before it embedded itself in his neck. On reflex Loki tries to pull the device from his neck but receives a low voltage but rather nasty shock for his efforts. 
“WHAT THE HELL? TAKE THIS DAMN THING OFF ME RIGHT NOW!!” Loki shouted while still trying to remove the device. After three tries the now very aggravated god of mischief stopped touching the disk. Hoping to be able to lift the remote, which he knew Thor had, Loki stomped over to his brother and conjured a knife to hold against his brother in exchange for the remote. 
Seeing Loki advance toward him with a murderous look in his eyes that Thor hadn’t seen since the battle of New York on top of Stark Tower. Thor started to back away from his furious brother with his hands raised in a non-threatening gesture. “Now Loki I know your very upset with me, I was too when Val (the Valkyrie) put one of those things on me when I first landed on Sakar. If you will just calm down and disarm yourself I’ll explain everything.” Thor tried to reason with his very pissed off brother. 
Loki took a deep breath and tossed his dagger at Thor. The King managed to dodge the high velocity blade before it could embed itself into his shoulder, but just not fast or far enough to avoid the blade slice across his right upper arm before imbedding into the wall behind him almost to it’s hilt. Thor checked the graze making certain that it was nothing more than a superficial wound, it did bleed a little but not remotely life threatening. “Given the circumstances, I’m going to let this latest attempt on my life pass. However this is the last time. Seeing that I am now King I could have you killed for treason.” Thor declared as he wiped the blood seeping from the scratch. “Speaking of treason and the penalties of those acts, we get back to the topic of your upcoming behavioral changes, the ‘cosmic miracle’ as you stated.” Thor replied as he extracted the disks’ remote from his right gauntlet. The King looked at Loki trying to gage what his brother might do next. Seeing another dagger materialize in his brother’s hand, Thor knew he now had no choice but to actually use the device.
Loki had been watching every move his brother had made since he had thrown the first dagger. Slightly surprised that he had missed is mark. Knowing full well that he was in deep he decided that it wouldn’t really make a difference if he tried again. Watching Thor remove the remote from his gauntlet gave the God of Mischief his next target. Loki drew his arm back to throw the new dagger he had conjured into his hand. “Oh you really think that just because you’re King now, I would believe that you would sentence your own brother, who you claim to adore, to death. Give it a rest Thor! I know that no matter what I do you would never
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
post thor ragnarok
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Intersex Loki
non con
Dark Thor

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

