Work Text:
    Anne doesn’t ask what Eddie does in his own time, these days. That’s because she doesn’t want to actually know, just in case she’s ever asked to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. She’s been with Venom only once—for a couple of hours—and in that short time they’ve eaten a man’s head; so legal ramifications regarding Eddie’s extracurricular activities are not entirely out of the question.Now, Anne’s a lawyer. Her sense of good and bad bows out to her sense of legal and illegal. And legally, here, the best course of action is to be deaf and blind. If Eddie does bad things, she trusts he’s doing them to bad people, and that’s really all she needs to sleep well at night. She’s used to settling out of court, even with her own conscience.She’s advised Eddie not to tell Dan anything, either. She wonders how he explained the whole thing to Venom later, but of course she won’t ask.A more frivolous result of those necessary safeguards is that she’s rarely privy to Eddie’s schedule. They’ve got a group chat now, the three of them—with Venom sometimes interjecting in the conversation, always typing in all caps to signal it’s him—and they mostly use it to keep each other updated on whether they’re having lunch or dinner and who’s coming where. Dan can be held up in surgery till late, even outside of his night shifts, and Anne’s office hours are chaotic at best.It’s been a few weeks since the yellow rose business, and it’s funny how little has changed overall. Most of the time, Anne comes home to Dan, who invariably welcomes her with a smile and a kiss and an idea for dinner. Once or twice it’s been Eddie and Dan both—trying to find something they can both watch on Netflix and baffling each other with their respective tastes. (Eddie likes Parks & Recreation. Dan likes Hannibal.)(Venom likes Battlestar Galactica.)Even after he got a new set of keys to Anne’s, Eddie’s still a bit unsure how he fits in. When she gave them to him, he cradled them in the palm of his hand for a few seconds, as if he wasn’t quite sure what they were, before pocketing them. Around noon today, he’s put a text in the group chat to say he could come by tonight. When Anne comes home, he’s already there sitting at the kitchen table, working on his laptop.He glances up quickly when she walks in. “Hey, Annie. I, uh, just let myself in.”“You did good.” Anne kisses his cheek, then lets her hand trail across his shoulders as she walks around him. Black tendrils twine around her hand for a quick squeeze, and she squeezes back with a smile. “Hello, darling.”Eddie’s closed his laptop. “How was your day?”“Oh, the usual,” she says, pouring herself a glass of wine. “Except now I’m getting paid less. How was yours?”“Good. Good. I, uh, wrote quite a bit. So, that’s good.”There’s a silence. He hasn’t turned on the harsh ceiling lights—Anne only uses them when she’s actually cooking and needs to see what she’s doing; she otherwise prefers the soft, golden light of the retro bulbs by the door. Of course he knows that. He’s lived here. He knows her.Eddie clears his throat. “Hey, uh, you know how I might be going on a business trip soon?”“You’ve said.” It’s very probably code for something gory and violent. Not that she’s asking.  “It’s just—I might have to go all the way to New York and I’m not sure how to actually get there. Since I’m pretty sure V can’t be on a plane. With the noise and all.”Anne can see how a giant alien going berserk at thirty thousand feet might be a problem. She’s actually surprised Eddie’s thought of it himself; sharing a body with Venom’s made him more responsible, more level-headed, and way more likely to plan ahead than he ever was.“I actually have a client who’s in the business of designing and building planes. I could ask him if they’re likely to make noise in Venom’s lethal range.”“Oh, that—that’d be great,” Eddie says, perking up. “Thank you.”“I’m going to get a quick shower. Will you order us some dinner?”“Sure.” He doesn’t even have to ask what he’s supposed to get—he knows what she likes after a long day at work.Having him around, these days, really feels like the emotional equivalent of an old sweater Anne’s found in the back of her closet. She still remembers why she stopped wearing it, and she got herself some new clothes since then; but God, does it feel comfortable to have it on.She thinks of nothing much while she’s in the shower, just those last thoughts floating in her head, of old comforts and new ways to appreciate them. She’s just stepping out of her shower when the door clicks open on Eddie.“Hey, Annie, they’re out of pho soup, what do you—oh shit.” He puts a hand over his eyes. “Sorry! I’m sorry. I thought you were still in.”She can believe it’s an honest mistake. Her shower cabin has opaque walls, and Eddie’s never been a good actor. She’s faintly amused at the way he actually covers his eyes. “Eddie, it’s okay. You’ve seen me naked.”“I don’t wanna—I won’t presume it’s something I c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Anne Weying/Dan Lewis
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis/Venom Symbiote/Anne Weying

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Humiliation kink
what's the opposite of cuckold kink?
because that's what's happening here
Dan is generally delighted
Eddie is generally mortified
Anne is generally having the time of her life
Venom is generally hungry
ex-boyfriends are like old sweaters
OT4
Polyamory
This is really just porn
Hence the title
i will quote this song forever and you can't stop me

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Anne Weying/Dan Lewis
Eddie Brock/Dan Lewis/Venom Symbiote/Anne Weying

