Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

"You're going to walk in there. You're going to look all hot dressed in green and gold. And he's going to see you. He'll want you. You're going to flirt with him. And once he's distracted, you'll kill him."
"I won't have to... do anything, will I?"
"No. All you have to do is slit his throat. Then you'll be done. Then we'll all be saved."
  The palace courtyard is crowded with carriages. You walk up the steps and present your forged invitation to the guards, already pushing inside.Most guests are present, as planned, and you melt easily into the crowd. You're overwhelmed for a second ̶ all the glittering jewels, the bright colored gowns, and the soft, elegant music filling the hall.You push your way toward the buffet table and crane your neck to look for the king. He isn't hard to spot, standing near his throne in conversation with other high nobility. You wonder what devious things he might be planning, but that's exactly what you're going to put an end to.You grab yourself some bites of this and that, wondering how best to get his attention. There are a few guests dancing. Maybe you should join them.Just then, the king walks into the crowd. Some people move out of his way, others try to get his attention for themselves.  You eat your food slowly, realizing that you are stalling. Flirting with the king... Perhaps the most intimidating task you can think of. Even killing him will be easier.You put your empty plate down on the table and fill yourself a goblet with ale. When you turn back around to look into the crowd, your heart leaps into your throat.The king is standing right there, looking right at you, only a step away. He is far more intimidating up close. His green cape makes his shoulders seem wider than they are, and on his head is that golden horned helmet. It doesn't help that your dress is the exact same shade of green, your jewelry made of the same gold."Someone is wearing my colors," Loki notes, his eyes sweeping over you."Your majesty," you greet him, curtseying respectfully. Your heart is still pounding, but you keep your fear hidden."Were you hoping for my attention?" He steps closer, now looking down at you."I would not be so forward," you reply, frantically trying to remember the plan.  Loki looks amused. "Oh? So you are here for the party, then? Are you enjoying it?"You nod. "Quite, my king."
Right, you're supposed to flirt and cater to his ego.
 "A grand party for a grand ruler," you add.  "Indeed." His lip curls smugly. "Tell me your name. I'm afraid I don't know who you are."  "I'm... Lady Katharina," you lie, not wanting to reveal your real name. "It's so great to make your acquaintance.""The pleasure is all mine." In a rather mocking gesture, he takes your hand and plants a kiss onto your knuckles.You turn your head away, pretending to be blushing. In reality, you can't wait to finally get this over with.You expect Loki to let your hand go, but he doesn't. When you look back at him, there is a curiosity in his eyes, as well as a sort of... hunger."There are perhaps a few hours left of this party," he begins, his green eyed stare almost unnerving. "We could, of course, continue exchanging formalities... But I think we both know what you're really here for."His tone has become suggestive. You should feel uneasy, but in actuality, you’re quite relieved that he's taken the bait so quickly."Are you sure no one will mind you leaving the party prematurely, your majesty?" you ask innocently, just to goad him.  "Oh, I'm sure they will," he chuckles, already pulling you toward an exit.You put your drink down and walk with him, noticing some disapproving looks from other guests ̶ but that is quickly behind you, because the hallway he leads you through is completely void of people.You walk in silence up to the next floor, until you reach a set of double doors."I will tell you this, Lady Katharina," Loki warns as he opens the doors to his royal bedchambers. "Whatever you may be hoping to get from me, you will not get it. I will take from you what I want, and that will be all."He strides into the room, and you follow him in."What makes you think I want anything more than that?" you reply, scanning your surroundings. It's quite a large bedroom, with a surprising amount of bookshelves along the wall."And I thought you were not to be forward," Loki chuckles.  With the door closed behind you, he goes over to a table where a pitcher and two goblets are placed.  "Care for a drink?"  You realize with a shock of adrenaline that his back is turned, that he's distracted, that this is your chance.  "Yes, I'd love a drink," you reply, your hand already reaching for the dagger tucked away in the front of your dress.  Loki begins pouring the deep red liquid into the goblets. Thankful for the carpet beneath your feet, you tiptoe closer, holding your breath.  You just have to reach up, and slit his throat-  As soon a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Smut
lots of smut
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dub-con elements
Depends
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
assassin!reader
Kinks
Loki is dark
Evil
and sexy
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Master/Slave
Master/Pet
Eventual Feelings
Plot
but lots of smut
I promise
King Loki (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Quick Burn
Public Sex
Anal Sex
Kinky sex
Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

