Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Anthony!” Howard walked into the forge, livid about something or other. “You were supposed to be at your lessons!”
 

Oh, 

thought Tony. 

That’s what I forgot. 

 
“Sorry,” he said, not looking up from his project. He was developing a new type of armor. If he could just crack the articulation issue…
 
“Look at me when I’m speaking to you!” Howard slammed a hand down on Tony’s table. “The Winter Kingdom is arriving tonight, and you’re woefully underprepared! You’ve been neglecting your princely duties, and now you’re going to make a fool out of me in front of everyone.”
 
“Probably,” Tony said flippantly, too used to Howard’s insults for it to mean much. The mouthing off, though, wasn’t worth the sharp hit to the back of his head.
 
“Clean yourself up,” Howard growled. “I expect to see you on your best behavior at dinner.” 
 
Tony ignored him, staying silent until he heard the footsteps leave the forge. “J,” he called to one of the forge’s helper spirits. “Can you run some tests on the new material? I have to go play happy family.”
 
“Certainly, Sir,” came Jarvis’s smooth reply. “I wish you the best of luck.”
 
“God knows I’ll need it,” Tony muttered, standing up. “Stupid fucking Winter Kingdom and stupid fucking diplomacy. I was not cut out for this shit.” 
 
He was more pissed than usual, because he knew what this diplomatic meeting was for. The Spring Kingdom, ruled by his family, hadn’t met with the Winter Kingdom in decades. All the sudden, because Spring had a marriable heir, they were reopening relations? Tony could recognize a marriage alliance, thank you very much. With his luck, the Winter King would be some ninety year-old pervert and Tony would be stuck with him. He knew there wasn’t much he could do, even as Prince of Spring, to prevent what was sure to be a terrible, horrible fate. Didn’t mean he wouldn’t try, though.
 
Barging into his rooms, he dramatically flopped on the bed when he saw his audience. 
 
“Pepper,” he whined to his chief advisor. “It’s not too late for you to kill me and assume my position.”
 
Pepper looked unimpressed by his antics. “As attractive as killing you sounds, I’ll have to pass,” she said with a wry grin. “Don’t you have a dinner to prepare for?”
 
Tony shrugged. “I figure if I don’t turn up, they’ll give up on the whole 

marriage 

plan,” he admitted.
 
“They won’t,” she sounded sad, knowing how much Tony hated the idea.
 
“No, they won’t.”
 
“Could be worse?” Pepper offered lamely. “They could be marrying you off to Summer?”
 
Tony groaned. The Prince of Summer was an insufferable idiot named Justin Hammer, who Tony hated with every fiber of his being. He was an absolute idiot, completely unattractive, and a massive douchebag. “Who’s to say Winter isn’t worse?” he challenged.
 
Pepper sighed. “Get dressed,” she said. “If you’re late, Howard will be worse than usual.”
 
“Fine,” he grumbled, rubbing the forming bruise on the back of his head. “Help me out? You know I’m hopeless with colors.”
 
She smiled and started rummaging through his closet, humming every so often. “Here,” she said finally, holding out a red tunic laced with gold, a pair of dark green slacks, and Tony’s least favorite, a long gold cape. “Spring colors.”
 
“Why do we get the shitty colors?” he asked dramatically, changing clothes with a thankful smile. “Green washes me out.”
 
“You just have poor taste,” Pepper argued, smoothing out the folds in her cornflower blue gown. “I like our colors. Now, Rhodey will be here at seven to escort you down to dinner. I have to go argue with idiots on your behalf, so you’d better be grateful.”
 
“I thank god for you every day, Virginia Potts,” Tony said, a rare edge of sincerity to his voice.
 
“Good,” she replied primly. “Will that be all, Prince Stark?”




Tony grinned. “That will be all, Advisor Potts.”
 
She walked out, leaving Tony alone to his thoughts. His mind was racing a mile a minute, worrying about the damn Winter Kingdom. As flip as Tony was, he knew what was at stake. Summer had been making noise about reclaiming some disputed land on their borders, and Winter would be a powerful ally if it came to blows. But Winter was known to be ruthless and self-serving; they wouldn’t offer their help for nothing. Tony, it seemed, was the price to be paid. He knew he’d do it for his kingdom in a heartbeat, but it rankled, not being given a choice. As much as he wanted to run away, to disappear into the thick forests outside the castle, Tony knew that he had to stay. He had to suffer whatever dog and pony show Howard had devised and try not to kill the Winter King in his sleep.
 

Easier said than done

, Tony thought resentfully, head giving him all sorts of suggestions for what the Winter King was like. 
 
He spiraled until Rhodey came to fetch him, pacing around his room like he was already caged.
 
“It’s time,” Rhodey announced, voice sounding like a dea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Alternate Universe - Magic
Prince Tony Stark
King Bucky Barnes
winteriron
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Sassy Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
Spring
Winter
Slow Burn
Protective Peggy Carter
Protective Steve Rogers
tony as iron man
BAMF Tony
Protective Rhodey
Genius Tony Stark
bucky needs to learn some damn tact
he means well
its okay tony likes honesty
Protective Tony
Protective Bucky
Soft Bucky
Soft Tony
Flower meanings
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF Natasha Romanov
sad bucky
bucky is stressed
Hydra (Marvel)
Howard is a dick
Hurt Tony Stark
Angst
Hurt
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
howard is a terrible person
like seriously
Competent Tony
Obadiah Stane is a Dick
Tony Angst
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Bucky Barnes's Trigger Words
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
hes going through some things
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Steve Feels
Natasha Romanov Feels
slowest of all slow burns
and for that i am truly sorry
Pining Tony Stark
Pining Bucky Barnes
47k and we finally get a kiss
Happy Ending
Weddings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

