Work Text:
It's money, is what it is. Easy money. And though it's technically (okay, completely) shady business, Steve believes in the first amendment. As far as he's concerned, the founding fathers meant speech should be free for everyone, even those you didn't agree with. And art—that of all things must be protected, nourished, allowed to spread its green, trembling tendrils to every corner of the nation!"So it's smut," Bucky says.Steve sighs and holds his sketchpad defensively against his thin chest. "It's erotic, yes," he says with a primness that ebbs the longer his best friend smirks at him. "Come on, give me a break, Buck. The guy's paying me five dollars a book. Where else am I going to make that kind of money and still have time to go to school?"Bucky kicks his feet, nearly falling back on their shared bed in laughter. He's in his undershirt and boxer shorts in deference to the creeping heat of the summer. His mouth is red and he's sweating lightly; the sheen of it shines at the juncture of his neck and shoulder, the bends of his inner elbows. "I can't believe it. Little Stevie is going to draw eight-pagers!"Steve flushes a little at that word. Eight-pagers, bluesies...any boy growing up in Brooklyn who's fast enough to get to the back shelves of the curio shops and second-hand bookstores before getting shooed out has seen them: pornographic comics. Tiny books with dirty pictures and filthy jokes, crude renderings of Cary Grant with a huge erection or the indomitable breasts of Mae West. Bucky is still laughing."Why's it so funny?" Steve asks, sticking out his chin. He's seated at the foot of the bed, and he sits up straighter. He hates how Bucky still treats him like a little kid sometimes, even though they're both twenty now. "Well, you know." Bucky gets his breath back, shrugs against their rickety headboard. "Thought you never had any use for those things."Steve never did, really. "Got better things to spend my money on," he says."Yeah, but when the boys would pass them around, snickering and all, you never…." Bucky's face goes soft as he trails off. It's true. Steve had never joined in. He looks to the side, out the window, and scratches his neck in an attempt to hide the nervous twitch of his mouth. "I'm not saying you're a goody-two shoes," Bucky says. "I just figured you didn't approve of that sort of thing." It wasn't that. To each his own, Steve feels. It was just—is just—the fear that the sight of those sketched cocks would reveal too much about little Stevie Rogers. So he had abstained from the circle of boys who pored over each panel together. Steve digs into his well of bravado and turns to flash Bucky a grin. "Well, the ones the guys passed around were pretty awful. Hurts my artist's soul to see work that bad." They share a laugh, and Steve fiddles with his sketchbook, fluttering the edge of its pages. "Hopefully mine will be better," he says."Course they will." Bucky flaps a hand. "So what are you going to draw first?""Don't know," Steve says with a shrug. "Some girls, I guess." He swallows, looks down at his pristine new sketchpad. "That's what the people want to see, right?" The joke falls flat. Bucky isn't laughing now. "Will you—?" He coughs into his fist. "Will you be able to…?" He waggles his hand back and forth in front of him."Geez, Buck, they're women, not creatures from Mars!" Steve can feel his face heating up again all the way to his hairline. "I see them on the street every day. I know what they look like.""Sure, okay. But do you know what they look like—" Bucky makes a vague gesture, like shaping a bottle out of thin air. "—in the buff, I mean?" "What do you think all the great masters painted?" Steve huffs. "I'm studying more than just bowls of fruit and portraits of Mother Mary, you know.""This ain't going to be great art, Stevie." Bucky leans forward, his elbows propped on his knees. "Your boss will be expecting something different. Really different.""I can handle it," Steve snaps. Bucky puts his hands up as if to ward off an attack. "Okay, okay. You can handle it, I hear you." He rakes a hand through his sweaty hair and looks out the window too. "It'd be easier with a model, though." Steve barks a laugh. "Yeah, sure. Since I got so many girls lining up," he says. It's hard to keep the hard edge out of the self-deprecating joke, and Bucky hears it, looks at him with something that's not quite pity. Steve doesn't know what it is. "Their loss," Bucky says, which is his standard response when Steve gets melancholy like this. Steve puts his sketchpad down on the dresser and goes to make them supper. He thinks that's the end of it.It is not the end of it. He's sitting on the very end of the battered couch, trying to capture the last few rays of the sun before it dips below the line of rooftops for the evening, sketching away. Nothing great, just fast little cartoon versions of movie stars in gala attire. Steve figures that should be popular enough to get him a second gig.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossdressing Kink
Crossdressing
Comeplay
Panties
Stockings
High Heels
Modeling
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum
Roommates
Intercrural Sex
Frottage
Blow Jobs
Makeup
Lipstick & Lip Gloss
Praise Kink
Bottom Steve Rogers
Wet & Messy
Genderfluid Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

