Chapter 1: Pizza
    




Chapter Text
Steve’s first day as Tony Stark’s body guard is…eventful, to say the least. He’d known, obviously, that being a Mafia boss was dangerous- that’s the whole reason he’s here- but he hadn’t expected the brutality. They’re in Tony’s mansion, and Steve’s blown away. He’d known the man had made money, obviously, but this is…it’s a life of luxury and beauty that is just all the more jarring with the violence he’s watching. They’re in the main foyer where the floor is all marble and gleaming white and Steve watches as man bound and gagged on the floor bleeds a little more into the pool of blood he’s kneeling in. He’s not averse to violence, but this is getting a little tough to watch, if he’s honest. He’s not sure if Tony is trying to set him an example, show him what happens if he ever betrays his new boss, which Steve won’t do ever. So, he just stands by the wall, hands folded in front of him and shoulders squared as he watches: unflinching. Tony is specked here and there with drops of blood- splatter that’s landed on his arms and hands. He’s in a white tank top and dark trousers and he looks completely different to the man Steve saw this morning- the man in his tailored three piece suit with dark sunglasses and big cigar. That man had looked like he could kill you with a well placed word and a sharp smile. This man looks like he’ll beat you to death without a second glance; muscles tight and coiled and knuckle duster shiny on his fingers. He’s sweaty from exertion, but doesn’t look anywhere near done yet (which, wow, it’s been almost two hours) when out of the blue- the doorbell rings. And not the doorbell at the gate, but the doorbell for the large, double panel oak doors a few feet away from them. Tony looks up in surprise, and Steve reaches for the gun in his waistband. The man on the floor chokes a little in what sounds like desperate hope. “Answer it,” Tony orders, “they must’ve been buzzed in. It’s probably nothing.” Steve keeps a hand on his gun anyway and wonders who the hell buzzed someone in. Is there someone else in the house? The mansion is huge, maybe there are other people here. He pulls open the door carefully, not all the way, shielding the blood and mess from view,  and stares uncomprehendingly at the pizza delivery girl. She’s still a teenager, and very clearly knows where she is. She looks nervous beyond belief, but she’s holding the pizza box out like an offering. “Peter Parker, extra large pepperoni pizza?” She stammers, and Steve cocks his head. “Yeah, that’s us,” Tony calls and Steve reaches to take the box. It’s warm and heavy like a pizza, so it probably is one. Not a secret bomb or something. He nods at her, and she turns and races away as quickly as she can. He closes the door and locks it, and turns to Tony with the pizza, unsure what to do. He doesn’t need to ask, as it turns out, because then the sound of footsteps comes and he looks up at the huge, grand staircase. A young man, a fucking beautiful, young man, comes skipping down the steps and Steve’s pretty sure his eyes are now glued to him forever. He’s got milky skin, and there’s so much of it on display (not that he’s complaining), he’s barefoot which is so- so vulnerable, so at home- and he’s wearing an oversized, bright pink silk short-sleeved top, so large on him that it trails down to around his hips. As he moves, the shirt does too, and Steve can see flashes of what looks like white lace panties on underneath. Fuck. Fuck. He tries to drag his eyes away because otherwise he’ll be the next one being beaten to death in Stark’s reception room. The boy is obviously Stark’s. Can’t not be. Not with the silk shirt and the big brown eyes and the fluffy brown hair. Not with those cupid bow lips and cheeky little smile. Not with how comfortable and happy and at home he so obviously is.“My pizza!” He exclaims happily, his voice is so fucking young, so boyish and innocent and out of place in this violent scene. He’s clapping his hands as he reaches the final step before he pauses. He looks at the blood on the floor and frowns; upset. But not upset at the sight of it, upset that he can’t get to his pizza without getting his feet wet. At the bloody scene before him he seems- blasé. But the lack of pizza- that’s the cause for the frown and the pout. Steve would kill anyone and do anything to make that frown go away. Tony takes the box out of Steve’s hand, and Steve manages to yank his gaze away before anyone notices. “Here, baby,” Tony murmurs, and Steve almost has to do a double take because that voice is deep and warm and almost welcoming. Where’s the dispassionate torturer? “You hungry?” Peter takes the box and perches right there on the steps, his legs spreading to give the most delicious view as he pops open the box and inhales. He lets out an obscene groan. “Yeah, I didn’t have time for lunch, Professor Macleash kept us in.” He reaches for a slice that’s bigger than his head and takes a bite; ey
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Everybody loves Peter
and by love i mean
has a boner for
Threesomes
Smut
Sugar Baby Peter
ballerina peter
gardener peter
Baker Peter
peter is a twink
Peter is over 18
College Student Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
and a GUN
mob moss tony
mafia boss tony
body guard steve
body guard Bucky
Getting Together
Fluff
Flirting
spoilt peter
Brat Peter
slut peter
sweetheart peter
he can be both
descriptions of violence
Mentions of Blood
they have a dog called jarvis
Hurt and comfort
ohh attempted kidnapping
Watch out for that
Fainting
PTSD
Anxiety
Dancing
Birthdays
Presents
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Over stimulation
Wow
More tags to be added
This is something else

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

