Chapter 1: Tony Stark
    




Chapter Text

Peter bolted out of his desk and ran out of the school as soon as the bell rang. Mr. Stark had invited him over earlier that day to work on some new suit designs and he could not be more excited. He would be working with Tony freakin’ Stark! A grin crept onto his face as he jumped the fence and ran over to the curb. He jumped into the black audi waiting in the pickup line.


“Hey Happy!” Peter said. Happy only grumbled fondly in response before lifting the glass divider and separating the two in the car. He pulled out of the lot and driving onto the familiar highway that led to the new Avengers Compound.


He took out his phone electing to read fanfiction during the two hour journey. When they finally arrived at the huge white building with the avengers symbol on the front, Peter couldn’t help but admire it. Sure he’d been here before, but it was only once or twice and no one could get used to it that quickly. He smiled as Happy handed him a badge. 


“Don’t lose it kid. Tony is waiting for you in his personal lab,” Happy said pulling to a stop. 


“Ok. Where is that?” Peter said nervously. He’d never really been up there before.


“Just get on the elevator and tell Friday where you wanna go.” 


Nodding, peter exited the vehicle and watched as it pulled away. Peter walked up to the big glass doors and pulled them open. It wasn’t as massive as the front entrance was, but it was still amazing. A chandelier hung from the roof reflecting light everywhere and making the walls made of glass and stone shine. The entire room had this aura about it that made it breathtaking. Looking around, Peter spotted the elevator and walked over. A large tablet like device hung on the wall next to it. The image of a badge flashed on its screen. Looking down in his pass, Peter pulled it out and scanned it.


“Good afternoon Mr. Parker. Boss has been informed of your arrival. He is currently in a meeting and has requested your presence in the lab. He will arrive shortly,” Friday said. Peter jumped before realizing what it was his entire face going red with embarrassment. Suddenly the elevator doors opened. Peter stepped inside and the elevator began zooming up to the 50th floor where the lab was. A loud ding was heard as the doors slid open to reveal the lab’s entrance. There was another tablet device hanging on the door and Peter once again tapped his pass over it. The door made a click noise before sliding open.


“Boss says to wait here until he can ‘get out of this stupid meeting’” Friday informed him. Peter nodded dropping his backpack by the door. He was awestruck by the magnificence of the room around him. Some of this technology was unbelievably cool. Different tools lay strewn about the lab and two robots were fighting over a vase in the corner. Looking around, Peter noticed an equation on the dry erase board hanging in the center of the room. It seemed simple enough. So he started to solve it. It was like some of the problems he solved at home when he was bored, or grounded, or had his suit in the wash. He had just finished solving the equation when a loud voice was heard behind him.


“Kid, what the hell!?” 


Crap.


“Mr. Stark, ummm… I was just you know looking around and then Friday said to come in here and there were robots and stuff and they were really cool and then I saw this and I was like hey I can do that but I didn’t mean to do anything wrong or…”


“Woah kid slow down,” Tony said interrupting Peter’s rambling. “What I mean is that this is really advanced stuff. I didn’t learn these kinds of equations until college. I mean yeah I was you age when I was in college, but still. Where did you even learn this?” 


“I don’t know. I just kinda like to do stuff like this when I’m bored and stuff.” 


Tony smiled. He walked over to the board and checked over the work. 


“It’s all right kiddo. Good job,” He said ruffaloing {;)} Peter’s hair. Peter just sat there in a stunned silence. 


“Thanks… Thank you Mr. Stark.”


“Of course kid. God what are you doing in high school?”


“Well I don’t know. May can’t really afford to send me to college right now so we figured we’d save money ya know. Wait until I finish High School first.”


Tony shook his head.


“Yeah but Pete, you must be bored out of your mind with all your different classes.” Peter just shrugged. “Maybe we ought to give you a real internship here. Get you down in the labs working on projects and stuff.” Peter’s face instantly brightened. 


“O my gosh Mr. Stark are you serious!? That’s so cool! I’d love to. I can’t wait to tell May!” He said jumping out of his chair. He was practically shaking with excitement.


“Sure kid. Now how about we start working on your suit and we’ll get Pepper to handle the logistics of this later?” Tony said smiling at Peter’s energy.


Peter nodded and the two of them got to work.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Good Peter
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Fake Science

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

