Work Text:
Sam would like to know how the hell this is his life.No.  Wait.  Sam knows exactly how this is his life and it's on his fucking left.  "There has got to be another way."  He groans, pinching the bridge of his nose.  But Steve just laughs, shaking his head.  "SHIELD isn't interested until we can prove something nefarious is actually going on.  Natasha and Clint are overseas. Bruce doesn't have the temperament for this kind of undercover op and Tony and I, well.""I know.  I know.  You're Steve and Tony.  Constantly in the limelight and no good for undercover.  I get it."  Sam gets up and heads to the kitchen, going through his fridge and making a mental inventory of the shit he's going to have to toss if he's going to be gone for any length of time.  It's not much."It's not just that, it's that it's a marriage retreat, Sam - for troubled couples.  And while no one who read the tabloids would question us being at something like that, we aren't married.  So we don't qualify and everyone knows it."  Steve had followed Sam and is now leaning back against the counter with his arms folded across his chest looking like he's trying his best to achieve friendly encouragement rather than authoritative. "You guys have stayed completely under the radar as Avengers, your identities still completely secret and personal lives a mystery to everyone.  No one even knows what the two of you look like without your uniforms and masks."Sam shuts the refrigerator and turns to give Steve one last, exasperated plea."Yeah, but Bucky?"The damn mischievous smile he gets in answer makes Sam almost wish he had picked a different monument to run around the day they met.Almost. ***See, the problem isn't that Sam doesn't like Bucky, or that he thinks there's anything wrong or that Bucky can't handle it.The problem is exactly the opposite.  Sam does like Bucky.  Sam really likes Bucky.  They've been a constant staple in each other's lives for almost three years.  In the beginning he had crashed at Sam's place when things got to be too much, slept in his guest room more often than not for what felt like forever.  He talked to Sam - and he guessed it was because he was a damn good listener - about the things he was scared to bring up with Steve, about memories he wasn't sure of, about the things he feared about rejoining the world.  He told him the good things and the bad things, the terrors he remembered in broken bits and pieces from his decades of being a one man weapon of mass destruction.  Each time he opened up, Sam fell a little bit harder.  And felt guiltier about it every time. Because all he could think was that if he ever said anything, ever asked for anything more than the friendship they had developed, it would be taking advantage of Bucky in the worst way imaginable.It was easier, after moving to New York and into the Avengers tower.  At least after that they had their own apartments, even if they were on the same floor.  Of course, that fact hadn’t stopped Bucky from constantly barging in on him, spending all his free time on Sam’s couch anyway, or stealing half of his food when he thought Sam wasn’t looking.“Are you gonna help with these bags or what, Thomas?”  Bucky pulls a duffle out of the trunk and tosses it right at Sam’s chest which he catches with a roll of his eyes.“Look, James, don’t be so damn pushy.  I’m barely even out of the car.”  He tosses it over his shoulder and watches Bucky discreetly check his flesh replica glove, tucked far underneath the long sleeve of his Henley.  His Henley that is just tight enough and unbuttoned enough to reveal way too much skin for Sam’s sanity.  Not to mention the fact that he’s in hip hugger skinny jeans and has his hair flipped off to the side with just a touch of product in it.Steve may have rejected modern fashion but Bucky had embraced it whole heartedly.Thank God.Bucky laughs at him, slinging his own bag over his shoulder and heading towards the main hall.  He watches him go, biting at his bottom lip while he tries to look anywhere but at just how tight the man’s jeans actually are and failing miserably.It’s going to be a long damn week.***The retreat is really a glorified summer camp, complete with way too fucking perky councilors and organized activities that make Sam want to gag.  Every couple has their own private cabin that’s decorated in such a way that makes him never ever want to see the ‘down home’ décor again in his life.And they’ve only been there a few hours.At least the entertainment sucks too.Bucky is rolling his eyes at the poorly acted introduction film so hard Sam can almost feel it.  “I can think of about two dozen other things I would rather be doing right now than watching this shit.”“Oh?”Sam finds a heavy hand sliding down his thigh to rest at his knee, fingers playing around the joint in a teasing motion.  His gaze follows Bucky’s arm up to find a sly grin.  “Oh?”  He repeats, mouth going dry but keeping his cool.   They’re in the back of the roo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Fake/Pretend Relationship
terrible marriage counseling
Oblivious Sam
Frottage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

