Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter was straddling Tony's lap, riding his daddy's cock like the good boy he was taught to be. This was easily one of Tony's favorite things to have Peter do. He loved how close their bodies were, close enough that he could feel Peter's breath hitting his face. But what he loved the most was how Peter's cock bounced between their stomachs with every move the boy made."Fuck, you're doing such a good job, aren't you, baby? Fucking yourself on daddy's cock like you're made for it," Tony moaned, bucking his hips up to meet Peter's body as he came down, and he didn't miss the way the boy shivered at his shamelessly spoken words.Tony knew he was getting too greedy, but he wanted it faster, harder, so he slipped his hands around Peter's waist and started pushing him up and down, forcing him to go faster.Peter tried his best to keep up with Tony's demands, however, he was finding it difficult to get his trembling body to comply. He tried to ignore it because he didn't want to get in trouble, but Tony just kept on pushing him to go faster and he couldn't keep up."Daddy, please, it's too much," Peter managed to get out. It almost felt like the wind was being knocked out of him each time their bodies met, so he tried to slow down, but the strong hands around his waist wouldn't let him."It's okay, you're doing great."Peter whined as Tony got faster, but instead of trying to get him to slow down again, he just shut his eyes and put his chin on the older man's shoulder then his hands around his back, waiting for it to be over, though still making sure to move his hips up and down the best he could.Tony found it beyond cute whenever Peter would cling to him and try and hide his face, and even though he couldn't see him from this angle he could still hear those beautiful noises the boy couldn't hold back.Tony didn't even feel himself starting to slip, he was too lost in how good Peter felt around his cock to notice what he was doing, and soon he was bucking his hips up too quickly and pushing down on Peter's waist to harshly, which all lead to Peter letting out a cry that was filled with pain as it got to rough.Being desperate to try and relieve the pain, Peter's body acted on its own, resulting in him digging his nails into the only thing he could he reach, Tony's back.Tony hissed and arched his back as Peter's nails scratched over his skin, but his own pain meant nothing, he was more worried about Peter's."Shit, Peter, I'm sorry. Are you okay, baby?" Tony asked as he carefully began lifting the sobbing boy off his cock, all the while silently cursing himself for being so greedy and letting himself slip up so badly.Peter could hear Tony talking but he was too deep in shock from the unexpected pain to understand a word he was saying, all he could register was that he was being laid down on the bed, he definitely didn't notice that Tony had started going soft, even though he hadn't cum yet.As Peter slowly started coming back to himself, he realized what had just happened, and what he had just done to Tony. He had scratched him hard enough that he actually winced in pain, and that terrified Peter."I'm sorry, daddy, I'm really sorry. I swear I didn't mean to scratch you, I'm sorry," Peter panicked as tears streamed down his face, scared he was about to get spanked for hurting him."Shh, I know, baby, calm down. It's not your fault," Tony cooed, moving to kneel over the trembling boy so he could kiss his damp cheek.Tony's never hurt him like that in bed before, so Peter figured he must've done something wrong for Tony to act like that. But nothing came to mind, he thought he had been good and done everything Tony asked of him. The only thing he could think of is that he's done something wrong without realizing it."I'm sorry for whatever I did, daddy. I didn't mean to be naughty," Peter spoke quietly, making Tony stop the soft kisses he had been placing across his face and lean back."Naughty? Baby, what do you mean?" Tony had no idea what Peter was talking about, he had been a good boy since his spanking, he hadn't talked back, he hadn't tried to fight or run away, he simply listened and did what he was told without argument. He had been perfect."I-I don't know, b-but wherever I did I'm sorry. Just- please don't hurt me again," Peter whispered the last part, quiet enough that Tony almost didn't hear it.Guilt quickly swelled in Tony's chest when he realized what Peter meant. He thought he hurt him on purpose as a punishment."Peter, daddy wasn't punishing you. You've been a good boy, you did nothing wrong," Tony tried to reassure, but Peter didn't look convinced. "It was an accident, I promise I never meant to hurt you.""Okay," Peter mumbled, letting himself relax slightly, though he wasn't really sure if he believed Tony when he said it was an accident.Tony smiled down at his baby before going back to kissing his face, hoping it wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Touching
Anal Fingering
Dark Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Crying
Forced Daddy Kink
Kidnapping
Stockholm Syndrome

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

