Work Text:
"Before we get started," Steve says, "does anyone want to get off?"
There's maybe two seconds of silence as they realize the game is up and brace themselves to start punching. Or so he thinks. Then one of the men in business suits says, "You know, I might just have to take you up on that."
By the time Steve figures out why the guy's laughing instead of crapping his pants, they've already slapped the magnetic handcuffs on his wrists and Rollins is doing his damndest to knock his feet out from under him. He recovers from his moment of hesitation and punches hard, but he's wrong-footed and hampered by the cuffs' magnetic pull. And the worst part is, he can't even blame that colossal boner on the vagaries of twenty-first century slang. He's got an anecdote dating right back to the forties that made the Howling Commandos laugh themselves sick at the time, involving a captured Focke-Wulf bomber and the sentence "don't blow your load before the rest of us get off." You'd think he would've remembered after that.
-
Sorry, did he say that was the worst part? No, the worst part is that these clowns don't know when to let go of a joke. He doesn't know what their exact orders are for this little ambush--kill him or capture him for Pierce to play more games with him, probably--but he's pretty sure that whatever those orders are, they aren't being served by pinning him facedown, mag-cuffed hand and foot to the elevator floor, and chortling about sodomy like a bunch of schoolkids who just found out why Uncle Allen's been living with his roommate for the past thirty years. All it took was one of the suits--currently unconscious in the corner, because it's not like Steve was going down without a fight--saying "Hey, none of you are going to say no when Captain America makes you an offer you can't refuse, are you?" and now one of the guys pinning him seems to be humping his leg just to annoy him and the ones who aren't busy hitting him are joking about some porno called Captain Twink and the Backdoor Commandos that Steve's really glad he's never seen.
One of them, egged on by a guy who's still gasping on the floor from a fall that broke his ankle and a few ribs, starts cutting Steve's combat suit off with a knife, and that's a little more worrying. Not only is it an awfully long way to carry a joke that wasn't even funny in the first place, Steve can't take nearly as much damage from the stun batons without the thick layers of padding. He's about to tell them to cut the crap, stop embarrassing themselves, and do the job they were sent in to do--but then some bastard decides to shove his finger where the sun don't shine, and Steve realizes this is even less funny than he'd thought.
-
Rumlow--Rumlow!--calls first dibs. Whatever qualms Steve may have had about the teams and missions SHIELD had saddled him with, however willing Rumlow might've been to turn around and attack him on orders from higher up, he would not have pegged Rumlow as the type to volunteer for a sick stunt like this. Let alone to do it by responding to Steve's quiet, serious "Rumlow, don't do this. Don't get involved in this mess" with "I worked closest with him, I'm going first. Before he's too dripping with jizz to feel a goddamn thing around your dick."
Rumlow ignores the glare of contemptuous disbelief Steve fixes on him as he unzips his fly. "Sorry, Cap," he says, getting into position behind him, "but this is gonna hurt."
Steve grunts, unwilling to show any signs of fear or intimidation, even if he might be screaming a little inside. "More straightforward than the alternative," he mutters.
"Yeah, I know," Rumlow smirks. "I'll be expecting a thank-you card on your best stationery." And Steve has to close his eyes and press his face into the floor for a second, because it's exactly the same as their usual line of banter, except what Rumlow's being sardonic about is the idea that Steve should somehow be grateful to him for making it hurt instead of trying to make Steve enjoy being--
It hurts. As promised, it hurts like hell. Rumlow forces it in dry with almost no warning, and whatever Steve might've imagined it would feel like to be fucked, this just feels like he's being ripped apart. Which is a feeling he could deal with, if he could avoid thinking about literally any other aspect of what's going on.
Which means, in reality, there is no way on earth he can deal with this.
-
Whatever internal damage Rumlow caused turns out to be the gift that keeps on giving, because even though the next two guys go slow and paw ineffectually at Steve's junk, it still hurts too much for them to get anything but bitter, ragged laughter out of him. They can't be on much of a time limit, because they're going one by one taking turns, drawing out the ordeal as long as possible. Steve would almost rather be piled on en masse than have nothing to distract him but the sight of ten guys palming themselves through their trousers and arguing over who'll get him next.
At one
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/STRIKE team
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins
Steve Rogers/Everyone

freeform: 
Gangbang
Elevator Sex
Someone had to write it
HYDRA PARTY FAVOR TRASH PARTY 2014

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/STRIKE team
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins
Steve Rogers/Everyone

