Work Text:
Erik proposes to Charles in early June, the jasmine blooming around them. He doesn't plan it. They're walking through the east garden and Charles just says something endearingly Charles-like. Erik's knee drops to the ground like it's a Pavlovian response and he blurts out, "Charles, will you marry me?"Charles jumps into his arms, says, "Yes, yes, yes," and Erik wonders why he waited seven days let alone seven months.Erik doesn't want a long engagement; he wants Charles wearing his ring immediately, the band proclaiming him off-limits to all comers. But when they tell Raven she lets out a long, sustained scream of excitement and says, "I'll reserve the cathedral for next May." "May?" Erik says. "I thought perhaps September. An autumn wedding.""This September?" Raven says, eyes wide. "Are you serious?""I don't see why not," Erik says, starting to get annoyed. "All we need is an officiant, a cake and some chairs."Raven goes very still. "If you want this to be my brother's only wedding, you will let me do it right." "Raven," Charles says a week later, sitting down beside Raven who has a color-coded book called Charles and Erik's Wedding Bible in front of her and is holding up cut-outs of bridesmaid's dresses next to tuxedo options, "I really don't think all this is necessary. It's going to be a small wedding. Just you and the rest of the mansion's inhabitants. Perhaps Moira from the university.""Charles," Raven says, laying a sympathetic hand on his arm, "I know people in at least five countries who would pay good money to see Erik Lehnsherr get married. The guest list may be a bit more expansive."Erik glares at her because he knows those people include Logan, Azazel and Janos who all not only rejected his overtures to join the Brotherhood, but called him various iterations of megalomaniac, supremacist and wanna-be dictator. They will all laugh themselves sick when they get the embossed wedding invitations Raven is arranging and show up just to mock him."Speaking of guests, you know what we should do?" Raven says to Erik, her lips twitching. "We should invite the mutant who transformed you into a kitten to the wedding. It's only right that the person who led to your meeting Charles be there."Erik hates Raven with the fire of a thousand suns."That's a wonderful idea. I’d love to thank her," Charles says, brimming with enthusiasm. "Charles, I don't think..." Erik says, trying to kill the idea in the planning stages. He can think of half a dozen excuses off-hand, starting with the obvious she turned me into a fucking kitten and branching out into lies like I don't remember her name."Think of it as a wedding gift," Charles says, taking Erik's hand and looking at him beseechingly with his damnably blue eyes. Erik is already giving Charles matching hand-tooled rings and a honeymoon in Switzerland, a lifetime commitment, til death do them part, but every time Charles asks for something and relates it back to the wedding Erik thinks of how Charles looked when Erik fell to one knee—breath caught, eyes shining, like it was the best offer he could ever get—and melts like steel in front of Alex's plasma blasts. He gives Raven the address in New York and hopes like hell nothing comes of it.--They appease Raven with a mid October date and the mansion becomes a whirlwind of calla lilies and suit fittings, china place settings pulled from dusty cupboards and fine linen napkins folded into swans. The RSVPs trickle in and Erik flips through them, feigning disinterest. Janos sent his back with a question mark and an exclamation point in the checkbox beside accepts with pleasure and Azazel has written HAHAHA in red ink across the whole thing. Erik puts his face in his hands until Raven and Emma drag him out for cake tasting.--The day before the wedding, there’s the rumble of a motorcycle and the sizzle of ozone. Erik wipes his palms on his perfectly pressed suit pants and goes out to intercept. “You’re early,” he accuses. “Lensherr,” Logan greets. “Raven offered to put us up for the night.” He whistles, looking up at the glazing on the turrets—fucking turrets—of Charles’ ridiculous manor. “Marrying for money, eh? Didn’t realize your campaign was so hard up for cash.”Erik feels a flash of white-hot rage. He takes hold of every inch of adamantium lovingly grafted to Logan’s skeleton and squeezes. Logan grunts in surprised pain. Azazel coughs. “Well then, marrying for love obviously,” he says, one hand on Janos’ shoulder, looking tensed and ready to teleport them to Siberia if Erik shows any sign of turning his rage in their direction. “Erik!” Charles calls, coming toward them across the green expanse of the lawn, still far enough away not to see the tension. Erik drops his control over Logan immediately. “Are these your friends? Lovely. I knew Raven was being facetious when she said the closest thing you had was frenemies,” Charles laughs.There’s a stunned silence during which Logan, Azazel and Janos goggle at the picture 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Animal Transformation
Kittens
Human Charles
Weddings

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

