Work Text:
Some nights, when the four walls of their apartment seem to close in around them and there's nothing interesting on TV, they climb up onto the rooftop to watch the world turn. Steve sketches on his tablet, trying to get used to drawing with a stylus; Bucky smokes and grumbles that cigarettes just don't taste right anymore, and it's almost like old times. Except that it isn't, and there's no going back. One time Steve asks, just for his own peace of mind, "Do you ever regret coming on that plane with me?"Bucky gives him a long-suffering smile from under his longish bangs and blows a thin stream of smoke over to him, just because he can, just because they survived a goddamn plane crash and Steve's asthma isn't a concern anymore. "Hell, no," he says, lazy and content. "Ever wish you'd bailed when I told you to?""No," Steve says, and they don't talk about it again.   It starts the day it nearly ends: when they zipline onto a speeding train in the Swiss Alps, and Bucky is forcefully disembarked by a HYDRA goon with a laser gun. (Which, seventy years later, becomes one of those things Steve never lets him live down.)Steve has had so many close shaves by now that his life doesn't even flash before his eyes when he swings himself from the blown-out compartment and finds that his fingertips won't reach Bucky's. It's the sensible option that occupies his imagination instead, the alternative to dying. He can stay where he is, with one hand curled tight round a ledge on the inside of the train and the other stretched impotently to Bucky; he will howl with grief when Bucky slips away from him forever, and go back to camp and accept the Colonel's platitudes and Peggy's kind words (and maybe she'll marry him and they'll settle down somewhere in Europe because he can never go back to Brooklyn now, not when everything will remind him of Bucky, and what if he runs into Bonnie or Connie or whatever her name was and has to tell her about how Bucky was three inches away and he still couldn't reach him and she'll sob that she never got to tell him she loved him and Steve will have to bite his lip not to say I know, I know, me too)——and he thinks, to hell with the sensible option.Bucky realises what he's going to do in the instant before he does it, and his eyes widen in helpless horror. "Don't you dare, Steve!" he yells, voice hoarse with anguish. "Don't you fucking dare!" But Steve's brain is hard-wired to interpret don't you dare as do it now you sucker and he's already letting go of his firm grip on the handhold, throwing himself forward so he can reach Bucky. His hands close around Bucky's outstretched arm in the instant before they hear the terrible groan of metal giving way, and the bar Bucky's been clinging to goes hurtling down to the rocks below. Then they're both falling. Steve kicks out on instinct and his legs close around something hard and solid, the edge of the compartment or the running board or a present-day miracle maybe, he doesn't care, all he knows is that they're dangling off the side of the train and they're not quite dead yet."Let go!" Bucky screams at him. "Or I'm gonna take you down with me!""Not a chance," Steve gasps. His arms and legs are going to pop out of their sockets and his chest feels like it's being torn in half by two opposing forces, gravity tussling with his will to live. Any moment now something will give; he's going to hear that metallic crunch again and they'll both find out first-hand what a five-thousand-foot drop feels like. "I've got you, just hang on!" He hauls himself up inch by painful inch, not daring to put too much weight on anything anywhere, and it's like doing the sit-up from hell except upside down and penduluming over thin air. He gets himself over the lip of the hole in the wall and Bucky manages to grab a fragment of twisted metal and scramble to safety, and then they're both sprawled face down on the floor of the compartment, panting and trying to get their breath back."That," Bucky pronounces at last, still sounding wheezy, "was the dumbest thing you ever did."Steve feels a surge of inane laughter threaten to rush up and overtake him. He's been ready to die since he was twelve and had pneumonia for the first time, but he's never been ready to lose Bucky. "Really? You said the same thing after I broke into Schmidt's lab to bust you out. And when you caught me lying on my enlistment form.""And when you tried to take on four guys bigger than me behind our school," Bucky says thoughtfully. He's lying half on top of Steve, face pressed into his shoulderblades, and Steve feels him shake with a mixture of adrenaline and suppressed mirth. "You're getting worse, Stevie." And it doesn't get any better, Steve tells himself, so go on, kiss him, do it, he's right there, if someone blew this train up now you'd never get another chance. And for a moment he thinks he really might do it—might pull Bucky towards him and cup his cheek and push their mouths together, because he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

