Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Mail in hand, I stared wide-eyed at the tall man standing beside me. One moment I'd been shuffling through the small handful of envelopes, only to pause at the sudden chill that ran down the length of my spine, warning me of a presence nearby. His shadow reached me first, casting over me, making me very aware of his size compared to my smaller one. My eyes slid towards him, and then away, only to snap back again in surprise.This must be him. My new neighbour. Eddie Brock.He wore scruffy faded jeans and a cream coloured hooded jacket. A hood was drawn up over his head, shielding most of his face in shadow. I could just make out a square jaw covered in thin, dark stubble and a proud, broad nose that looked like it had been broken at some point in the past. His overall appearance was wide and strong. Masculine, in a rough and unkempt kind of way. The way that he dressed gave the impression that he didn’t care about what people thought. Almost thuggish, only… not.“He's a bit strange, ya know.” I recalled the landlord’s words to me on my first day of arrival as we had paused just outside of Brock's apartment door. “One of them troubled folk”. He'd made a circling gesture with his by his head, indicating he clearly saw the younger man as somewhat of a fruit loop.And I couldn't blame him for thinking it either. Even though Brock stood a good distance away from me in the hallway, I could feel a certain tension upon the air. His entire frame was tense, his edginess laced with a hint of some unknown danger. Some unseen threat. Many other residents avoided him, so they said, claiming that the man wasn't entirely all there in the head and that he was often found talking to himself, lost in a world only he could see.I shuddered, unable to help myself. I wasn't one to be judgemental of others or to believe in idle gossip. But there was something about him that made me uneasy. I just couldn’t put my finger on it.Watching quietly, I saw him stiffen suddenly. The line of his back straightening. Alert. There was a noise, a cross between a hiss and deep inhale of air through his nose. Slowly, his head rotated towards me, and from across the space his eyes met mine. Noticing me for the first time, his dark blue eyes widened. The thick line of his brow moved, one moment lifted in surprise and then furrowed and troubled. Finally able to see him, I cast a lingering look across his features, taking in the harsh planes of his face and the strange haggard paleness of his skin. He was good looking, without a doubt, in a harsh kind of way, but he also looked ill and his bright eyes looked glassy in the dim lights. Seeing me, yet clouded with some unknown emotion.“Hello,” I said, my voice small, wavering a little.I knew what it meant to struggle with mental health issues; depression and anxiety had been my companions for many years, since being a teenager, so I understood a little about the inner battles he might have been facing. Yet there was something else, something almost tangible lurking in the depths of his gaze. Warning bells rang clear in my mind, settling in my gut like a ball of dread. There was something more to him than what my eyes could see and it put me on edge somewhat.“You...” he replied. His own voice raspy and hoarse, incredibly deep.I blinked at him, surprised by his response. I had expected a ‘hi’ in response, yet instead, that one word made me feel incredibly threatened.His gaze slid over my length from head to toe and then back again. Dressed in only a comfy pair of shorts and a tank top to survive the incredibly hot weather outside, I had the overwhelming urge to cover myself. Something dawned across his expression, something that caused the hairs on my nape to rise. There it was, a hint of surprise, a glimmer of recognition. But beyond that was something else. He looked… scared. Staring at me as though I were some kind of poisonous spider come to entangle him within my web.“My name's Penny.” I held out my hand reluctantly for him to shake. “I'm your new neighbour across the hall.”Brock glanced at my hand but did not move to take it. He simply nodded, backing up a pace in a nervous gesture. The line of his throat bobbed as he swallowed. Sweat began to pebble at his temple.“This…” He began, no longer looking at me, but glancing around the open hallway for some kind of escape route. “This is not good. You… You should not be here.”I lifted a brow. What did he mean by that? Did he recognise me from somewhere? He did not seem familiar to me at all. What did he mean by I shouldn’t be here? Was he on drugs?My mouth parted, ready to speak again. Only before I had the chance, he spun away and began to stride up the stairs to his apartment, taking two or more steps at a time in his haste. Stunned, I stared at the spot where he had just been standing.Odd... Very odd.What on earth had just happened? I had no clue. Part of me wanted to take offence to his strange behaviour. Yet at the same time, I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Original Female Character(s)
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Original Character(s)
Venom Symbiote (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Venom Symbiote (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)
Eddie Brock/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Porn with Feelings
Porn With Plot
Tentacle Sex
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Venom Symbiote's Tongue (Marvel)
Size Kink
Alien Sex
Barbed Penis
Mating
Mating Rituals
Dubious Consent
Erotica
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Original Female Character(s)
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Original Character(s)
Venom Symbiote (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Venom Symbiote (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)
Eddie Brock/Original Female Character(s)

