Chapter 1: we are never alone, but we are free (the earth has a pulse that we check with our bare feet)
    




Chapter Text
In this story, you have claws.
In this story, happily ever after has bite marks in it.
In this story, you are free and terrifying.
In this story, you get away.
In this story, you bleed.
In this story, you survive.- Caitlyn Siehl, “In This Story”  The eyes never disappear.There’s a part of Bucky that tries to call it paranoia, but that part is the unholy lovechild of wishing the last seven odd decades never happened and a passing desperation to fit into the vague shape of a person as defined by whatever remains of that stupid kid from the 40s. Even on his best days, Bucky ignores that part. On his worst, well – he has greater concerns then, like trying not to find the nearest cliff and fling himself over.Wouldn’t kill him anyway. He should fucking know.So it’s not paranoia, and the feeling of being watched sits under his skin like sandpaper. It’s a familiar feeling, one he remembers quite well from those seventy years he wants to curse into nonexistence, but it’s different in ways that he can’t pinpoint because it’s something that defies words and categorization, instead flitting over the edges of sheer instinct.His first suspects would be – were – Fury or even whatever remains of Hydra, but aside from Romanoff, neither party has anyone who could consistently evade Bucky while continuing to watch him, and she’s somewhere in Europe with her birdman. There’s also the small detail that Hydra would try to contain or kill him, not camp out in a forest in buttfuck nowhere and just watch. Bucky’s even made it easy for them, moving to this sad shack miles away from proper civilization. Granted, it’s as much of a baited trap as he can make it without expending too much thought and energy into it, but that’s never stopped Hydra. It was almost disappointing, those first few months where Bucky spent every waking moment and also every second of restless sleep waiting for a STRIKE team – assuming that Hydra had enough half-decent agents left to put one of those together – to break down a wall or at least the front door.Then again, Pierce is dead with a pretty bullet hole in his skull, and Carter and her costumed cohorts are hunting down what’s left of Hydra with extreme prejudice, so it makes sense that they have greater priorities than the Winter Soldier, especially one that no longer responds to triggers.Bucky still doesn’t understand that, was as confused as Rumlow who flung the words at Bucky and watched in slow-dawning horror as they slid off his mind like oil on water, but that didn’t stop him from tearing the fucker into pieces or the subdued elation that bubbles up whenever he thinks of that moment.Logically, that leaves no one who could stalk Bucky for over a year and get away with it, but no amount of well-reasoned justification can counter the way his hair stands on end when he takes so much as a step out of the cabin. It probes at some deep, animal part of him, one well beyond the instincts cultivated by a brief stint at war and then decades as Hydra’s pet assassin. That doesn’t make it any less unsettling, only more confusing.It all goes back to that night.But Bucky doesn’t remember that night. He remembers being sent to kill something, his mind blank and razor-sharp, and he remembers waking up propped against a tree with a name echoing eerily in his skull alongside a thousand scattered memories.They’re less scattered now and he wears his name gladly, if wistfully, but that night remains an empty stretch of time across the landscape of his mind.He was told to kill something. Pierce activated him, gave the usual fascist spiel that must have been wasted on a brainwashed piece of work fresh out of cryo. That’s where his memory stutters. Whatever happened, it left Bucky alive and more whole than he’s been since Austria and fucking Zola, with nothing to show for that miracle except a scar on his shoulder shaped like a crescent. It’s thin and silver and aches once every fortnight, but the throb of it is almost comforting, like the vague memories he has of being held against his mother’s chest or being wrapped in the arms of a boy with golden hair and eyes like the sky.He knows the boy’s name, but he shies away from it, even in his own head.Point is – he can’t escape the eyes on him, can’t find whoever they belong to, can’t rip them out to earn himself some peace, so he learns to live with it. He’s not scared, is only wary because he doesn’t know not to be, and for the love of the God he lost faith in, he can’t explain why it all makes that primal part of him stir but doesn’t make it bristle or recoil in fear. Even the unease is at the surface-level, made all the more worse because the lack of fear just doesn’t seem right.There’s shit he can do about it, except maybe hide in the cabin for the rest of his who-knows-how-long life, but even if Fury, Romanoff, and Carter weren’t conspiring to make
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The First Avenger
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Peggy Carter as Captain America
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Werewolf Steve Rogers
Standard Winter Solider Warnings
Light Angst
Reunions
Explicit Sexual Content
Intercrural Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Knotting
No Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Just Weird Werewolf Anatomy
Touch-Starved Bucky Barnes
Light Dom/sub
Rimming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

