Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It’s been ten years since half the universe was dusted.  

 

Sure, the Avengers had come back together when they were needed most, too grief stricken and traumatized by their 

loss 

to bother revisiting old wounds.  But that doesn’t mean those wounds ever got a chance to heal properly.  Like a broken bone that was never set before it healed, they were functional, could get the job done, but the stress was evident.

 

They did their thing, they pushed through and 

avenged

, with the help of a couple new old players.  Tony was able to turn back just enough time to make sure Thanos would never see Captain Marvel coming.  They rescued everyone trapped inside the soul gem, creating an entire universe of beings that gave earth their gratitude.  

 

But the Avengers would never be a team again like they had been before, eternal gratitude of the universe or not.  

 

There were tearful reunions all around, back then.  Tony refuses to be embarrassed by the way he scented Peter like an errant pup returned from a near miss on the freeway, half scolding, half shaking in relief.  

 

Tony tries to hold on to the memory of that moment to keep from lashing out in irritation at Peter now.  

 

“-and even though he’s, like, Wade’s friend, he’s not like 

friends 

friends with him, Tony, he’s actually a pretty normal guy, uh, if you look past the adamantium claws…” Peter says, scratching his chin.  

 

“Absolutely not,” Tony says a little more firmly this time.  

 

Rhodey raises an eyebrow at his tone of voice.

 

Peter sighs, just looking at him for a moment.  “I know it’s not technically my place, but, I just thought…  Well, you seem lonelier than usual, lately, and what’s the harm in one date?”

 

“The harm?  You think I helped petition for the X-Men to have special provisions within the Acords for three years and I 

wouldn’t 

know who Logan Howlett is?” Tony scoffs in disbelief.

 

“No?...  I mean, I’d assumed you might have met in passing?  But you’ve never said anything outright awful about him, so I figured he hadn’t come off as, you know, one of 

those kinds

 of alphas when you’d met…” Peter keeps pushing, subtly distracting Tony by putting extra green beans on his plate.  

 

“I’ve never gotten close enough to be formally introduced, mostly because the man reeks of cigar smoke so badly you can smell it from a mile off,” Tony informs him, giving Peter a look that says he will not be deterred from the point by an extra serving of veggies.  

 

“I’m sure he’ll shower!” Peter responds.

 

“Even so, Pete,

 friends with Wade

, I can’t just let something like that go,” Tony says, getting back to the core issue, “I’m not going out with him, and that’s final.”

 

When he started letting the Spiderling meddle in his love life, Tony has no idea.  

 

He’s wary for the next few days, making sure he doesn’t end up roped into some stupid romcom meetcute by grown men in tights…  But surprisingly, Peter seems to respect his wishes, and Tony doesn’t find himself accidentally bumping into Logan at any coffee shops or supermarkets.  

 

Not that he’s personally set foot in a supermarket since around 2022, but that’s the kind of thing you always see happening in the movies.  Oh, meet me for coffee at the new cafe on 3rd, Tony, pick up some candles for Aunt May’s cake on your way over, Tony. That sort of thing. And then BAM!  Scruffy looking bad boys just 

happen 

to be walking down the aisle and are tall enough to get something off the top shelf for you…   Not that Tony has ever put a lot of thought into those types of scenarios. 

 

<//>

 

“Ok, I get why the Logan thing didn’t go over so well,” Peter says, watching as the man in question very obviously pines from a distance over an already mated team member.  They’re just starting clean up after a joint Avengers and X-men mission when Peter notices it. 

 

“Honestly, I don’t even mind being a ‘distraction’ if all parties are upfront about it,” Tony tells him, “But he’s

 friends with Wade

,” Tony reiterates, sticking to his guns.  

 

“So am I!” Peter tells him, the grin palpable in his voice even though Tony can’t see his face through the mask.  

 

“

You

 are the one stable influence in his life, you’re an anomaly, an outlier, a statistical oddity, you don’t count.”

 

Peter rolls his eyes, which isn’t too becoming for a 26 year old, but he probably figures he can get away with it because of his eyes not being ‘visible’.  

 

Tony still knows though, Tony still knows.  

 

<//>

 

“Don’t be mad,” Peter prefaces the conversation with as soon as Tony walks into the room.  

 

Instantly on alert, Tony locks his tablet and gives his surroundings his full attention. 

 

“Uh, mad about what?  You didn’t break my particle accelerator again, did you?” Tony frowns.  

 

“No, nothing like that,” Peter is quick to defend himself.  

 

“Did you eat my leftovers from Giovanni’s?  I swear to god, I will cut you out of my 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Background Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
A/B/O
Alpha/Omega
Omegaverse
Alpha James Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
post infinity war au
Not Steve Friendly
Peter & Harley play matchmaker
the Service determines compatibility
Soulmates
Mating
Bonding
Team Iron Man
still recovering James Barnes
because you don’t get over 70 years of torture with a couple years of farming
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Background Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

