Chapter 1: 1 May, 2015 (I)
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text




Peter bounces on the balls of his feet as the old introductory reel starts to play on the screens. "Tony Stark. Visionary. Genius. American patriot. Even from an early age, the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark quickly stole the spotlight with his brilliant and unique mind. At age four, he built his first circuit board. At age six, his first engine. And at 17, he graduated summa cum laude from MIT."He takes a deep breath and, at Aunt Pepper's nod, walks out onto the darkened stage. Everyone's eyes are still on the screens, but those closest to the stage see him. A few mutter and point, and it's all Peter to do to walk to the front without hyperventilating. "Then, the passing of a titan. Howard Stark's lifelong friend and devoted wife, Maria Carbonell Stark, steps in to help fill the gap left by the legendary founder, until, at age 21, the prodigal son returns and is anointed the new CEO of Stark Industries. With the keys to the kingdom, Tony expands upon his father's legacy with innovations in advanced robotics, biomedical engineering, and telecommunications while also-"Peter grins when the video appears to flicker and tear, like an old film reel reaching the end of its length. He hadn't wanted to do opening day introductions for Stark Expo '15 when Pepper'd first asked, but when she'd given him permission to use it to get back at Tony for the Field Day Incident, so long as she signed off on it first... Well, there was no way Peter could say no to that, not even if seeing all the people gathered in front of the main stage, waiting for him to speak, is the most terrifying thing that's ever happened to him. But it would be so worth it...The old introductory reel gives way to a video Peter had managed to capture on his phone over spring break, when Uncle Tony had driven him and Uncle Stephen up to Boston to visit MIT. It had been Peter's turn to control the radio, but Tony hadn't been complaining at that point - mostly because he is not as much of a music snob as he pretends and will sing along to most anything if he's concentrating on other things. And so the scene shifts to the best angle Peter could get of Tony Stark singing along to Taylor Swift that he could capture from the backseat of the Porsche without giving away the game. "'...I should just tell you to leave 'cause I know exactly where it leads, but watch us go 'round and 'round each time. You got that James Dean daydream look in your eye and I got that red lip classic thing that you like. And when we go crashing down we come back every time, 'cause we never go out of style-'" the volume lowers abruptly as Tony-in-the-video catches sight of video-Peter recording, "What are you doing? Stop recording right now."
"But Uncle Tony-"
"JARVIS, delete all the video on Peter's phone.""No! Wait, I promise! I'll stop recording! Just don't delete anything!""Alright, kid. I'm trusting you. This better not show up on YouTube. I have a reputation as a genius billionaire philanthropist with taste and decernment," video-Stephen scoffs off-screen, "to maintain." "Whatever you say, Uncle Tony." The video fades out and stage lights rise - to thunderous applause. Peter's utterly blinded, but he's too busy beaming to care. "Hello everyone. I'm Peter Parker and welcome to Stark Expo '15!" There are cheers and, oh, this is exhilarating. If this is how it always is, he can see why Uncle Tony loves being in the spotlight. "Now, for those of you who don't know, not only is this the start of the tenth Stark Expo since it's introduction in 1942," - more cheers - "but this also a certain someone's forty-first birthday. So everybody put your hands together for the man who put this event together, the CEO of Stark International, our favorite genius billionaire philanthropist - and my favorite uncle - Tony Stark!"  This earns him - well, Uncle Tony - a standing ovation as he joins Peter on stage - this time to the tune of the chorus of "New Romantics". Uncle Tony has a look on his face somewhere between you think you're so funny and young man, you're grounded as he approaches, but can't keep it up for long. By the time he pulls Peter into a hug, it's turned into a full-bodied laugh, and, yeah, he's going to have to start locking his bedroom door because the retaliatory prank for this is going to be epic. "Thank you, thank you. My nephew, Peter Parker, ladies and gentlemen!" Peter gives a wave and walks off the stage at an even pace as he can manage. He can hear Uncle Tony continue his speech behind him, even over the blood rushing through his ears. "Now, I've always said the Stark Expo is about legacy - about leaving the world a better place then when we entered it. "Since 1942, we've made great strides. We've eradicated polio, smallpox, and Guinea-worm disease. Mosquito-repellent fibers have almost made malaria a thing of the past. The latest ge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Saving the World
Fix-It of Sorts
Comic Book Science
Canon-Typical Violence
fixing the future sometimes backfires
Non-Linear Narrative
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Minor Character Death
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

