Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony rapped his fingers on his knee and leaned back in his chair. He checked his watch again. He'd been waiting for seven minutes. He wasn't used to people making him wait. He was just about to stand and walk out when Fury stormed into the room and slumped down in the chair behind his desk. Tony rocked back on the legs of his chair and raised an eyebrow at Fury.Fury coughed, eyeing him for a moment. "We have a delicate situation.""I figured. Considering how cagey Hill was on the phone.""We need your help with something." Fury folded his arms over the desk and leaned forward. "Your help, not Iron Man's."Tony quirked his head to the side. "I'm listening.""You might remember," Fury began, "a project called Rebirth in your father's files.""... I might." Tony kept still in his chair, blank gaze fixed on Fury."Well… our scientists found the missing piece. After a few small-scale tests, we let recruiting know that we were looking for a very special sort of volunteer.""You -" Tony spluttered for a moment. "Are you telling me you actually  did it?  You made my father's super soldier? Out of a  real person? Jesus, Nick.""He volunteered. But that's not the point. That's not why I'm telling you this. Your father left his work to SHIELD, I don't have to tell you at all."Tony remained silent, trying to keep his roiling emotions under control."I'm telling you because there was a slight hiccough.""That's what happens when you fuck with stuff you don't understand," Tony muttered under his breath.Fury ignored him. "The man who volunteered, Steve Rogers, is a sub. We thought, well, we thought the process would change that."Tony snorted. "Peak of human perfection…of course you thought that.""Well, it didn't. He's still a sub. And, uh, the process - we warned him, but - it was very painful. He's…" Fury shrugged with a groan. "Look, there's no easy way to say this. The process was long and painful and it forced him into subspace, only, it's been two days and he hasn't come up yet. And he has no Dom to help him."Tony laughed, unable to figure out how on earth else he was supposed to react to that. "Are you kidding me? How - you know what, that's - no. I'm speechless. You actually rendered Tony Stark speechless. Who knew that was possible? So if you're not telling me because it was my father's life's work, why are you telling me?"Fury's lips pursed. He was uncomfortable, and normally that would make Tony more comfortable, but today, it was making him squirm. Fury took a folder out of a drawer in his desk and slid it across the wood surface. "He needs a Dom to bring him up gently. He's out of his mind, right now. His next of kin is a sub and isn't even in the country anyway. We looked through his history, and as far as we can tell, he's never had a contract.""Why are you asking me?" Tony asked through gritted teeth, ignoring the folder."Because you're the only uncontracted Dom we could think of who has security clearance high enough to know about this. Also, you'll understand the science of what he went though. Might help.""Bullshit." Tony picked up the folder and opened it. It was a temporary contract, Steve's full name filled in with careful, black lettering:  Steven Grant Rogers . "You're asking me because you think I'll feel guilty that it was my dad's work that put this poor kid in this horrible situation. You think that'll sway me." Tony glared over the edge of the folder, but Nick didn't shrink back. He just held Tony's gaze. Tony tossed the contract back on the desk. "I won't sign anything. He can't consent.""He's going to be in big trouble if someone doesn't take care of him soon. I -""I know. I'll help him. But I won't sign a contract, even a temporary one, because he  can't sign it, and I'm not entering an agreement with SHIELD. Either you trust me to take care of him or you don't."Fury heaved out a sigh. "Legal says -""Legal can suck it. This is between you and me, Nick."Fury deflated. Tony could see the exhaustion pinching his corners. "Fine. No contract. You help bring him up and that'll be it.""Alright." Tony stood. Then he leaned forward, bracing one hand on the desk. "Just so you know, I'm not doing this for you, and I'm not doing this because I feel guilty that you were stupid enough to continue my father's cursed project. I'm doing this for the poor idiot that agreed to be your lab rat without possibly understanding what he was getting himself into."Fury didn't try and stop him when Tony walked out.**Tony demanded that Hill take him to Rogers right away, not wanting to leave the guy in that state any longer than he had to be. He'd heard of subs going down for too long and the mental scars it could leave, but this was unprecedented. They didn't know what effect the serum would have on his subspace. If Tony couldn't get him to come up, he didn't know what other options SHIELD had. Maybe a medically induced coma - but there was no telling what state he'd be in when he woke up.If he woke up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Tony Stark
Forced Subspace
First Meeting
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Every So Slightly DubCon
Aftercare
Subspace
Tony/Other
Happy Ending
Relationship Issues
Conflict
Angst with a Happy Ending
mentions of noncon
references to rape
Avengers 2012 - Freeform
Contracts
Non-Sexual Submission
Footwashing
Missions
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
CAWS Canon Divergence
Rope Bondage
Handfeeding
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Obie is A Piece of Work
references to past abuse
Token Holding
Submission
Pining
Subdrop
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

