Work Text:
Bucky came back broken. They used words like PTSD and trauma and depressed, and Bucky’s self-aware enough to know they’re not wrong. But they’re not entirely right, either. Bucky’s just awake now, it seems, awake and aware of how he’s been used in the world. He may have helped shape history, maybe, all that stuff the recruiters sold him when he signed up, but shape it into what? Bucky doesn’t know and isn't so sure he cares, but he doesn’t like the path the question set him on.What he does know is that he just doesn’t have the fucks to give anymore about doing anything that doesn’t bring him joy. Classified ops do not bring him joy. Freezing his ass off waiting around on missions does not bring him joy. Sit-ups and squats and cheat days and lite beer and MREs do not bring him joy.So fuck that, fuck them, pass the cupcakes and Jack, thanks.He’s spent a lot of his nights wandering since he came back stateside, hitting up all-night food trucks and finding himself trailing potential marks and assessing threat levels without even realizing it. When he does, he shakes his head and follows the sound of a pounding bass line, hoping to maybe clear his head in the storied tradition of generations of returned soldiers: by getting blackout drunk.Turns out the nearest bar featured live music, something loud and angry and sweaty and a little bit mean. Bucky loved it. He maintained a pleasant beer buzz, watched the crowd lightly, and by the end of the night, he’d been actually smiling, standing at the edge of the circle while kids threw themselves around as if they had nothing left to lose.
Bucky gets a list of apartments from the bulletin board at his assigned therapist’s office, part of his Welcome Back to The Real World, Sorry We Fucked Up Your Life retirement package. He ends up subletting from a nice but absent-sounding woman who is out of the country for the spring, on tour along with her DJ boyfriend. When Bucky asks about the rental rate, she starts yelling at someone named Darcy to adjust the differential on the something something and then she hangs up.Three days later he picks up the key at his therapy appointment, though, so he guesses he can move in.When he settles into the on-the-edge-of-gentrification neighborhood he can call home now, his nightly walks don’t stop, though they stop resembling patrols quite as much and become more casual. More often than not he ends up in the club, sees the same group of faces most nights.But it’s Natasha and Clint that he really meets first.He’s had a good run of days, aside from the not-sleeping, and he’s sick of takeout - the Chinese place just answers his calls, “The usual?” at this point, and that makes him frown at the phone - so he hangs up and heads out to a diner. He’s halfway through a congratulatory club sandwich when a busboy drops a full dish bin and suddenly he’s back there and the next thing he knows he’s staring at a redhead from under the table, brandishing a butter knife and forcing himself to stop reciting his serial number.The redhead’s sitting cross-legged on the diner floor, well out of reach, but easy to see, hands splayed wide in front of her.“Hi. I’m Natasha. You’re safe. It’s Tuesday afternoon and you’re safe.” She’s saying these things over and over, softly, and Bucky thinks maybe he can believe her. It sounds about right. In the rational part of his brain, he's pretty sure she wouldn't have reason to lie to him. Not about the time and date anyway.Bucky blinks and lowers the knife slightly.“Ah, there you are. I’m Natasha. You’re safe. It’d be nice if you wanted to put the knife down, because you’re safe, but you can do that if and when you want to. Do you want to tell me your name?”Bucky swallows. “Sergeant James Barnes.” He shakes his head. "No, that isn’t right." He does want to tell her his name, though. Not telling anyone anything - look where that attitude got him. Hiding under a seventy-year-old booth in some random diner at ass o’clock in the morning with some redheaded trauma expert trying to stop him from filleting her or himself with a damn butter knife.“James? You’re safe, okay?”Bucky nods, suspiciously.“Say it back to me, James. You’re safe.”“I’m.” Bucky coughs. “I’m safe.”“Good. Would you like to get off the floor?”“No.” Bucky starts shaking. Off the floor would be bad. Windows everywhere, sight lines in from all angles, and while he can make a weapon out of hundreds of the items within reach, something in his brain insists on screaming at him that this is not how normal people - civilians, targets - think in public.“That’s fine. You take your time, then. But tell me again, James.""Bucky," he interrupts her."What?""Call me Bucky. 'S my name.""You are safe, Bucky."“I’m safe.” He nods. He might even start to believe her.
Doc Thoyer is a wiry old white guy with white hair in a white office and Bucky hates him. He’s not a real doctor, just a peer counselor or some distinction Bucky doesn’t know and doesn’t care about, because thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Belly Kink
Feeding
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Chubby Kink
Depression
Light Dom/sub
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Punk
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Insecurity
Drinking
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Feeding Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

