Work Text:


 
 It was actually Peter's idea.Or rather, it was Tony's idea that spawned from something Peter said when they were in bed.Newly mated and days after, the instincts to fuck and breed was still undeniably strong. Tony's possessiveness wouldn't entertain the idea of anyone else getting to see his pretty omega son like this… All strung out and desperate to have a cock shoved inside him, specifically, his father's cock.It riled Tony up, the very thought of it… Until his son whispered those words in his ear.“Yours… Yours, daddy…” Peter had cried out, head thrown back as Tony shoved his knot in. “Want everyone to know…”In the heat of the moment, the idea of everyone knowing that Peter was his sounded perfect. It had struck Tony deep in his core, burying deep in his mind until he couldn't help but wanting to prove it. Let everyone know, shove it in their face if he needed to.So, it was the following Saturday morning when Tony suggested going out into the city. It would be the very first time they'd be leaving their little nest in Stark Tower. His son, of course, was opposed to the idea.Peter looked adorable, dressed in Tony's overly large shirt. It only reached about mid thigh so Tony got an eyeful of Peter's creamy soft skin.“I really, really don't want to,” Peter pouted, his tone just short of an actual whine. He crossed his arms, completing the picture of a bratty boy used to getting his way. “Can't we stay home?”“It's been a week, kid,” Tony reminded him patiently. “God, I can't believe I'm the one suggesting it, but getting some sunlight would be good for us.”The pout deepened, Peter's pretty pink lips puckering in defiance.Tony used to tease Peter all the time about how adorable he looked. The alpha was a bit wiser nowadays, but he still thought it. Judging by the slight narrowing of Peter's brows, the omega was well aware.“But Daddy…” Peter whined in exasperation. Then he got this look in his eye that Tony was well acquainted with. His sweet, innocent boy disappeared, replaced by a sultry, insatiable cockslut.“Why should we go outside…?” Peter murmured, soft and low. His small hands drifted towards his thighs and he dragged up the fabric of the shirt, revealing his soft inner thighs. There was a scattering of harsh red bruises scattered there, the shape of them lovingly made by Tony's mouth.Light on his feet, Peter turned just in time so that the shirt revealed the round swell of his ass.“I want you to breed me, daddy…” Peter purred, glancing at the alpha over his shoulder. “Wanna be fucked full and have my daddy's baby in me…”Tony gave a warm chuckle though it was strained just a bit. He prowled closer, palming his son's exposed asscheeks. Peter moaned when his father parted them, a soft sigh of pleasure as he intentionally squeezed down. The alpha watched as his previous load was pushed out, thick and white as it dripped from Peter's used hole.Tony could almost read his son's thoughts, knew that Peter thought he won.He couldn't fault the boy since the same tactic had worked a couple days ago. The alpha made sure he kept his son fully seeded that night, not wanting to waste a single drop even when his knot was no longer plugging Peter up.Tony's palm made such a satisfying sound when he smacked the boy's ass. The resulting yelp from the omega was even more satisfying.“One hour, two tops,” Tony promised, admiring the pink imprint on Peter's pale skin, “Then we can hole ourselves up here till your belly is nice and round for me. Is that alright with you, baby?”“You were gonna do that anyway,” Peter said, still a bit reluctant.“True,” Tony agreed with a thoughtful hum. “What if Daddy kept you on his lap, hmm?”“Maybe...” Peter considered, “Mm, yeah, okay. As long as I can stay with you.”“Of course, sweetheart.”The plan was at the back of his mind and he certainly didn't expect Peter to be anywhere except in his arms.Newly mated, omegas and alphas hated being apart. The instincts were so strong sometimes that separate, even a couple feet felt like an annoying itch.“Go change, baby,” Tony urged and yet, when Peter made to do just that, the alpha hooked an arm around his waist. He swung the smaller boy back into his arms and pressed a kiss against Peter's lips. He didn't let go until the omega literally melted in his arms, arms winding around his neck as Peter surrendered with a soft sigh.Peter drifted off to his bedroom to change after being kissed breathless, cheeks stained pink, and lips swollen from the kisses.Tony didn't think that they would stay out very long so he expected his son to dress up in baggy sweats and a t-shirt. Nope. While Tony was dressed up all chic and suave for a city outing, Peter had elected to torture his father in revenge.The omega's outfit was truly something, selected to draw the eye of anyone around him.Tiny, tiny red shorts, Tony's old Black Sabbath shirt dwarfing the boy's frame, and of course, his ever trusty red converses. This was his punishment for dragging Peter ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Parent/Child Incest
Incest
Daddy Kink
Public Sex
Public Blow Jobs
Comeplay
Knotting
Breeding
Impregnation
Multiple Orgasms
Marathon Sex
Dirty Talk
Cockwarming
Shameless Smut
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

