Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers wasn’t the most attractive man in the world. He knew that. He’d made his peace with that. He was short enough that he might have been considered a twink if it weren’t for the fact that he was about 230 pounds. At just shy of 5 and a half feet tall, he knew that he was what doctors considered an unhealthy weight. It had been months since he’d seen one, and not just because he didn’t have the money to afford one. Thinking rationally, Steve figured he didn’t have much going for him. He didn’t have looks and he didn’t have money. His personality didn’t make up for much, as his boyfriend, Brock, was wont to tell him, usually after getting into a fight with someone who was taller, stronger, and meaner than him. “Scrappy little shrimp,” Brock would grumble. “What’s it gonna take for you to stop getting into fights? Who do you think you’re helping anyway? You’re fucking useless in a fight. Don’t know why I hang around.” Steve sighed as he walked on the sidewalk towards the apartment he shared with Brock. He tried telling himself that he was happy, that he was lucky someone like Brock had looked his way in the first place. The sex was even decent when Brock wasn’t too tired to get it up. The guy worked long hours in security, so Steve tried not to feel too bad about not getting as much as he liked. He wouldn’t be getting any if it weren’t for Brock. That last thought sounded suspiciously like Brock. Steve just shrugged. It’s not like he’d be wrong if he did say it, he thought. He walked up the steps to his floor and tried not to huff as he got to the top. He took his keys out and turned them in the lock and walked in. As soon as he was inside he heard strange noises. They sounded like… moaning, rhythmic banging. His heart dropped to his stomach as his blood began to boil. He marched to the bedroom and threw open the door. He was greeted with the sight of Brock fucking some guy Steve had never seen before. The stranger at least had the decency to look surprised and shocked at Steve’s arrival. Brock didn’t even turn around.“What the hell is going on here!?” Steve demanded. Only then did Brock acknowledge his presence. He sighed, sighed, in annoyance as he turned around. “What? I’m kinda in the middle of something here, unless you want to join us,” Brock said. His tone made it clear that he really didn’t want Steve there at all. “You’re cheating on me!” Steve growled. “I think I have a right to know what’s going on in my bed!” Brock gave a longsuffering sigh. “Well, I guess you would’ve found out sooner or later.” “Um… I think I should…” the guy said. He was slinking off the bed and gathering up his clothes. “Stay, it’s not that big a deal, he’s just sensitive,” Brock said. “Get out,” Steve growled. The guy looked between the two before he scurried out of the room clutching his clothes in his hands. “How could you?” Steve demanded when he was gone. “Really? You’re surprised?” Brock asked. “Thanks for that, by the way. Now I’m gonna get blue balls.” “Shut the fuck up!” Steve shouted. “How long have you been fucking people behind my back?!”“I dunno, 6, maybe 7 months?” Brock replied. “So pretty much the entire time since you moved in?” Steve asked. “I don’t know why you’re surprised,” Brock repeated. “You get to have sex with someone who’s attractive, why shouldn’t I?” “I thought you found me attractive,” Steve protested. Brock rolled his eyes and shrugged. “I didn’t want to hurt your feelings by saying I didn’t,” he said. Steve hated the way the words lanced through him. Almost a year of dating and… it was all a lie. A year of his life wasted. He didn’t think. He just walked over to the closet and took his suitcase out. He rushed over to his dresser and took out his clothes and threw them in carelessly. “What? You’re actually leaving?” Brock asked. He laughed mockingly. “Where do you think you’re going to go? Who’s going to take you in? No one cares about your fat, ugly ass but me!” Steve didn’t answer. Brock walked over and took Steve’s face in one of his hands. His grip was hard and his look was cold as he regarded Steve like he was a petulant child. The look turned his stomach. Just the other day he had been thinking of bringing up kink to spice up their love life. Now he was just trying to get out.“You hear me? You’re nothing but an ugly little pig and you should be grateful that I put up with you at all,” Brock growled. “Now put those back before you make me angry.” Steve tore himself from Brock’s grip and spat in his face. Before he could think twice, Brock backhanded him and sent him to the floor. Steve cried out in pain as he was kicked in the stomach. He lay there, clutching his stomach and gasping for air as Brock stood over him looking cruelly delighted at Steve’s position. Steve tried to crawl to his feet before he was kicked again. “Be smart for once and stay down,” Brock said. “Now, I’m going to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Past Relationship(s)
Past Abuse
Past Brock Rumlow/Steve Rogers - Freeform
Chubby Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
big dick bucky barnes
Alternate Universe
Daddy Kink
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Barista Steve Rogers
Engineer Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Self Confidence Issues
Body Image
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Eventual Smut
Protective Bucky Barnes
Intercrural Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Fluff and Smut
Light Angst
Brock Rumlow is Always Awful
Cheating
FIRST CHAPTER ONLY
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Slow Burn
Kink Negotiation
Punishment
Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Aftercare
Mutual Masturbation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
character with bipolar disorder
Age Play
Deaf Steve Rogers
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Riding Crops
Bondage
Wax Play
Cock & Ball Torture
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

