Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Helblindi pulled the sack from Loki’s head and manacled him to one end of Byleistr’s fireplace. Loki's free hand scrabbled for the now-familiar, heavy weight of his belly, to soothe the anxious little kicks within. His head throbbed from where Helblindi had struck him. He would have struck back, even without his magic, but his condition left him ungainly, his balance off.“You didn’t need to blindfold me,” he managed. “I know where the citadel is, how to get in and out.”He'd been living here not more than four months ago, though now no one wanted to admit it. Youths like Loki were not permitted entrance to any of the temple complex, not when their transgression was so obvious. “Who said it was to blind you?” said Helblindi. “Maybe we didn’t want father to know we’d decided to dirty the hall with the likes of you. With a bag over your head, you might be any knocked-up slattern.”Any slattern, and not Prince Loptr the disgraced. He'd been stripped of his title and name when he permitted himself to be defiled. Humiliation at the reminder of this flooded Loki. Perhaps it was a mercy, unwittingly given, that they'd covered his eyes and bagged his head. Perhaps it would have been too shameful to bear, being openly paraded about the place he'd once called home. But more likely it was meant to be an additional indignity. Loki's brothers had always delighted in tormenting him. Even now, seeing him sprawled on the floor with the too-hot prickle of flames at his back made them grin at each other. Both were three times his size. Loki was the outlier, the half-Aesir cuckoo, small and lithe. Or he had been lithe, before he’d sullied himself. Laufey had been furious when the healers had told him why his stepson was retching in the mornings, why Loki's color had turned so vivid and his markings had paled to an ice blue so crystalline and fine that they were almost unnoticeable. There was only one explanation: Loki was with child. But chastity was a prized virtue on Jotunheim, expected of everyone and particularly of Loki. As the crown prince, he'd been sanctified in the temple shortly after his birth, trained in the religious law and piety expected of a priestly novice, and promised to a prince even greater than he. But his husband would not want used goods, Laufey had said. And Loki’s brothers, ever hating him for his status as the crown prince, had been delighted to see Loki stripped of his name and title. Now Loki could only marvel at how they remained united against him. Surely the fact that both were now competing for the same throne would make them hate each other as they'd always hated him, but no. Byleistr had laughed when Helblindi had forced Loki into the room. Now Helblindi laughed when Byleistr stretched out a foot and prodded Loki’s stomach with the toe of a boot. Loki tried to launch himself at him. He didn’t get very far with the manacles, but he tried. The little presence inside him hadn't meant to cause all this mess, and didn’t deserve to be toed. Helblindi and Byleistr laughed harder. They were cold, large echoes of each other, alike as twins, with the same huge features and flat faces. Loki wanted to rake his nails across their eye sockets. “What do you want?” he said instead. “Why did you bring me here? Who told you where to find me?”Byleistr was the first to sober up. “Come, come now,” he said. “Nal sells everything else about you — why not your location? Besides. We told him we needed someone with your expertise.”Nal, Laufey's illegitimate brother, had been at times kind to Loki. Had seen Loki running about the lower city, purchasing books on banned magic or furtively visiting the sorts of theater halls Laufey deemed dens of iniquity, and never once reported Loki for breaking temple law. So it was to Nal that Loki had run when Loki had found himself disgraced. But Nal was not charitable by nature. The most he had been willing to offer Loki was a job. The oldest profession on Jotunheim. It’s a living, Loki had thought at the time, blinking back the tears of rage and shame. And Nal is four times my size and will not take kindly to being insulted. And I have not the use of my seidr.That had been the first thing to go, a change that predated even the morning sickness and the fading of his royal lines. The loss of it had made it impossible to hide those other changes, and had made him hate the little thing he carried at first. Before he'd been outed to Laufey he'd tried to visit an abortionist, and the less said about the pain and blood that had ensued, the better. The procedure had done little but scar up his thighs, anyway, and leave his cunt sore, and make him feeling horribly aware of his body in a way that would soon become too familiar over the coming months. For most of his life, Loki had properly ignored his body, particularly those dangerous corners of cock, cunt, and womb. He'd been raised blessedly pure of such sinful thoughts, as an esteemed temple novice. The most est
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Fractured Fairy Tale
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Teen Pregnancy
Forced Prostitution
Pregnant Sex
Lactation
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
eventual Anal Sex
References to attempted suicide
Violence
Dubious Consent
references to past noncon
Alternate Universe
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat slowly becomes Resuscitated Dove: Oh Please God Let It Live

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

