Work Text:
Rhodey had solved yet another sudoku on his phone when he noticed that the car engine had switched off. A look outside showed him an ordinary building - maybe an office complex, or a school - in front of the grey and windy skies of Queens. He looked at his best friend in the driver’s seat.“What are we doing here? I thought we’d just go straight to the tower.” Tony had picked him up from his physical therapy lesson. He had gotten pretty good with the leg braces so by now it was just him walking on a treadmill at a slow pace while watching Netflix.“We’re picking my kid up from school.” Tony replied casually. Yeah, okay. There was a good chance Rhodey might need cardiac rehab in addition to physical therapy soon. “I’m sorry?”“Yeah, Peter. He interns for me. I have some suit designs we need to go over.” Rhodey stared at his friend. They’d known each other since college and yet his best friend never ceased to surprise him. “I never knew you had interns.” “Just the one,” Tony said lightly. “Kid’s a genius. Hence the genius school.” He nodded towards a sign next to the building’s entrance stating “Midtown School of Science and Technology”. “Still too easy for him though.” Rhodey decided he would just take this in stride and question the specifics of how and when and especially why later, and instead focus on the  who  now. “What grade is he in?”“He’s a junior now. I’ve known him since last year. All AP classes, all A’s. And considering… Well, he’s been in some difficult circumstances. But my kid’s always managed it well.” Tony frowned as if remembering something. “Mostly, anyway.” Rhodey had about a thousand more questions, but a couple hundred students streaming out the doors of the school interrupted his internal debate on which one to ask next. “Here he comes. Be cool,” Tony instructed, putting his phone away. Rhodey looked at him incredulously. “Be cool? What -”The car door behind Rhodey opened and a bag was thrown in carelessly. A rather scrawny looking teenager followed closely behind, shutting the door. He was wearing dark jeans, battered sneakers, and a shirt with the school’s logo on it. Messy brown curls framed his forehead. Rhodey couldn’t help but think that there was a certain resemblance between him and teenage Tony - but no, surely Tony would have told him about something like that. Right? “Hey, Mr Stark! Thanks for picking me up! They closed the subway for construction and - oh my God, is that Colonel Rhodes?” The boy froze in the middle of putting on his seatbelt and stared at the passenger seat. Rhodey waited for Tony to introduce them, but he simply started pulling out of the parking spot. He sighed and twisted uncomfortably in his seat so he could look at Peter, offering him his hand. Obviously the boy knew more about him than he knew about the boy so he opted for a simple introduction - “It’s nice to meet you.” Peter shook his hand, looking pretty dazed. His handshake was unexpectedly firm. “It’s - it’s nice to meet you too, Colonel Rhodes, sir. I’m Peter. Uh, Parker.” “I heard.” Rhodey smiled. Well, teenage Tony had certainly never been this polite. “Just call me Rhodey, kid.” “O-okay, Rhodey.” Peter’s timid smile transformed into a grin. Rhodey decided he would definitely rub that in Clint’s face the next time he claimed Rhodey wasn’t good with kids. “Are you kidding me?” Tony interrupted from the driver’s seat. “He’s Rhodey after two minutes and you’re still calling me 'Mr Stark'?” “Sorry, Mr Stark,” Peter replied seemingly innocent, but Rhodey didn’t miss the slight twinkle in his eyes. Maybe that boy was more mischievous than he let on. He was obviously very comfortable with Tony, no matter what he called him.Tony huffed, but let it go. It seemed like he had lost that particular battle many times already. “Did you at least have lunch at school?”“Sure,” Peter said, but averted his eyes from the rearview mirror. “Yeah, I’ll take that as a 'no'”, Tony replied. “Friday? Order us something to the tower.” The console lit up in a blue hue. “Sure, boss. Any preferences, young sir?”Rhodey was about to comment that just because he made Friday call him “young”, Tony wasn’t getting any younger, when Peter piped up from behind. “Can you order us the usual from that pizza place, Friday?” “Of course, young sir.” “She meant you?” Rhodey glanced at Peter, who grinned. “Friday likes me.” Tony scoffed. “You can say that. If I hadn’t installed all those monitor protocols she’d probably give you access to my entire company by now.” Peter grinned. “We’re working on it. Right, Friday?” “Always, young sir.” Friday humoured him. Rhodey never knew that AI’s could sound so fond of someone, but then again, he couldn’t blame her. He’d known Peter for five minutes and already felt uncharacteristically comfortable with him in the car - not the way it usually was with him and teenagers (okay, so maybe Clint was on to something there). Peter’s whole demeanour was so open and positive that it was hard to be anyt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Humor
Fluff
Humor
Precious Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson
rhodey meets peter when tony picks him up from school
and he quickly picks up on tony's dad-like behaviour
Brooklyn Nine-Nine (TV) References
because tony is a father/bother figure lmao
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
we ignore infinity war and all that crap
this is a happy zone

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

