Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 And We’ll Sit in a World of Truth 
Part 3 of Dead Men Walking “I had to break up this telenovela, but a little direction would be appreciated.”Wade looks up sharply at the jarring sound of Weasel’s voice. Peter’s not sure how much time has passed, but Wade’s been crouched over him whispering a soundtrack of utter nonsense to the theatrics of Peter’s hyperventilation. It’s been long enough that Peter’s calmed down.Marginally.He still feels like he’s buzzing; the atoms of his being vibrating out of sync with each other. Peter feels like he’s one wrong breath away from his body phasing out of existence. He just can’t seem to wrap his head around what they saw on the video. Or his recovered memory from Stark Tower. Why hadn’t Peter recalled any of this before now? Had he suffered some sort of injury-related amnesia? And what sort of injury was that?“I’m sorry, the last time I checked my name wasn’t Siri,” Wade spits, his patience with Weasel startlingly short in comparison to his patience for Peter. “Where would you like to go, fucktard?”Weasel stands with his hip pressed to the tabletop and his arms crossed over his chest, seemingly unaffected by Peter’s franticness, yet wary of Wade’s posturing. Weasel glances briefly at Peter, taking in his fast breaths with a sigh of exasperation. Then, his face settles into a mild frown of familiar irritation. Weasel looks at Wade like one would look at a lost dingo: like he’s mildly endearing, but mostly a pest liable to start biting at any moment. Or piss everywhere if he’s left unchecked.Weasel takes a calculated step backward from where Wade is encroaching on him unconsciously.“Wade,” he says slowly, “The video footage,” Weasel gestures to the three lined up laptops and raises his eyebrows in question. “What would you like to do with it, dear client-o-mine?”Wade stands to his full height and points a rough finger at the middle laptop. “I want you to delete the fuck out of it. Is this the Stupid Question game?”Weasel’s eyes look to the ceiling, sending a quick prayer for the gift of forbearance.“I want you to make it like the Mayan civilization: disappeared at the hands of a white man. Run it through the interwebs Bermuda Triangle and let it get sharted into some other digital universe. Open up a can of *NSYNC’s ‘Bye, Bye, Bye’ on it. Make it gone, unreachable, like 2 Girls 1 Cup on a public library Google search,” Wade rants with his hands waving in the air agitatedly.Weasel just turns to Peter. “Mouse?”Peter, still sitting heavily in the kitchen chair, burrowed into his green jacket with a hand clutching Esther’s photograph, flicks his eyes up to meet Weasel’s.They’d all gone into this little mission with different objectives, hadn’t they? Wade wants the footage deleted to protect Peter’s identity. Peter wants to rummage through it for admissible court evidence for a lawsuit against Kindika—something, anything to show who’s culpable for the murder of almost ten children. And Weasel, ever so dedicated to his business, went into this with the goal of granting a wish in return for an undetermined favor.But the fervency of Wade’s proclamation to delete the footage sends Peter back to a conversation he’s already had with himself.“What’s the point in deleting it?” he says feeling hopeless with concrete realization.Wade squawks in confusion, but Weasel regards Peter coolly. The man shakes his blonde hair out of his face and prompts Peter to continue with a pointed look.“What’s the point? Why delete it? They’ve had it on their cloud this entire time. What’s the likelihood that someone hasn’t seen it? Isn’t it a slim chance?”“Slimmer than anorexic Lindsay Lohan,” Weasel replies.“Fuck,” Wade chimes in with frustration. “You’re right. Top secret facility, kidnapped patients. High tech all up the wazoo. Ain’t no way these tossers didn’t keep an eye on the proceedings. If there’s one thing that’s monitored in this world, it’s cash money. And that place was a money pit if it wasn’t operating business as expected.”Wade is completely right. Peter’s said it before and he’ll remind himself again: these are a different class of criminals. They weren’t just shooting guns in the middle of a bank looking for a penny. They were operating within the law, even if that law was made by themselves. Who has the power to build their own commandments? Money talks, ethics walk.But Peter’s not looking at Wade. He’s looking at Weasel, who stares right back with an aura of expectancy. Weasel’s eyes are always at odds with his body language and dialogue. He looks greasy like he’s eaten one too many Hot Pockets. More likely to fix your broadband modem than to work in the murder business. Right now, he’s standing casually as though he’s waiting for a beer. His words are airy, but he looks at Peter like he’s an experiment.Peter’s not sure what it means. He can’t think about it right now, though. His brain is already full to the brim.“Generator malfunction,” Weasel says thoughtf
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
All Warnings From Previous Parts Apply
Established Relationship
Daddy Kink
Bad Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Anal Fingering
Enthusiastic Consent
Age Difference
OOC
Sick Character
Cancer
Discrimination
Racist Language
Antisemitism
Homophobic Language
Symbiote - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Featuring Wade as Spotify Playlist "Early 2000s hits"
Sponsored by Starbucks
just kidding
Character Development
Plot
Developing Relationship
Adorable Peter Parker
BAMF Wade Wilson
Fluff and Angst
Weird Humor
Dom/sub Undertones
light humiliation kink
Infantilism
Breathplay
Wade's still trying to be Peter's sugar daddy
Just accept the nice things Peter jfc
Peter's POV
Service Kink
Stereotypical Characters
Wade is soft
Wade is an Adult
Wade is Functional
Violence
Pop Cult References
Peter is a mess
90s References
Hella Old School References
Awkwardness
Peter is awkward
Wade is an environmentalist
Peter is exploring his sexuality
Mercenary Culture
Character Study
Blink and You Missed It Sexual Identity Contemplation
Possessiveness
Protectiveness
Peter is a brat
Wade is a Brat Tamer
anxiety and depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
Spider-Man/Deadpool

