Chapter 1: City of Colored Lights
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Peter Parker sat perched like a cat on the faded blue, scratched plastic seats of a Brooklyn Bound Q Train. His ratty converse sneakers sat flat against the tacky plastic, his knees were bent, pulled closed to his chest and chin resting on top of them. He was trying to keep warm in the slightly chilly fall air, by conserving his body heart. His curly, light brown hair stuck up at every angle and occasionally, the boy would reach a small shaking hand up to smooth it down between his calloused fingers.  
 
The boy was effectively hiding his outfit with his folded body. The little ripped denim booty shorts, barely covering half his ass, had been carefully hidden out of sight by the position of Peter’s thin legs pulled up against his chest. His pink crop top, proudly proclaiming ‘Daddy’s Little Princess’, had been squashed down by the legs as well. The areas of the shirt that were not successfully covered by his legs, were hidden under a large black and white flannel. The short boy was absolutely drowning in it, the garment hanging off of him in fabric cascades of black and white. The large outerwear made the boy look even smaller, sadly even younger than one might think at first glance.  
 
For all intents and purposes, one looking at Peter Parker would see a regular teenage boy heading home after hanging out at a friend's house for a little too long. They might see a few cuts and bruises, or perhaps question his fashion sense, but they would only see what they wanted to see. People living ‘normal’ live tended to overlook people that were less fortunate than themselves. 
 
For that reason, when they looked at him they wouldn't see anything but the most normal version of Peter they could fathom. They wouldn’t see a teenage prostitute, or a high risk gay teen kicked out of his house by an abusive family member or a young man starving to death because he didn’t have enough money to survive. And even if they did see any of those things, Peter knew they wouldn't comment or vocalize their thought. For this was New York City, the city of colored lights that never faded, where runaways ran the night and prostitutes lurked in every alleyway. It was only polite to ignore those you pitted, let them fade into the background and refuse to acknowledge their existence. Being a prostitute meant that Peter was viewed as lesser by most ‘upstanding’ members of society. They didn’t care that he had been forced into this life, that this was the boy;s last option. They kept their eyes closed to difference and they saw narrowly. 
 
The boy shifted in his seat, pull his legs closer to his body. His stomach rumbled and he clenched his eyes shut. He hadn’t eaten in nearly 48 hours and his body hated him for it. He needed food to survive, but money was tight and he needed to work another night to have expendable money to spend on a luxury like food. Most would think food was a necessity, but not Peter. To Peter, food was a luxury he often cut from his life when money was tighter than normal.  
 
If you looked closely at the boy, you could see that he looked like a walking skeleton. Peter was far too skinny for a boy his age, his boney arms looked like twigs you could snap in half without exerting any effort. His cheeks were hallowed, the sickly pale skin dusted with glittering bronzer and lip gloss smeared around his chapped and slightly bloody, pale pink lips. His makeup had started off perfect earlier in the night, he had spent almost thirty minutes applying it in a fast food bathroom when the sun had just started to go down. He always tried to look perfect when he went out, it made him seem more desirable. 
 
But the boy was anything but desirable now. He looked sickly and sad, like a child who had no business walking the streets at night. The makeup, which had once been a sign of maturity, was now ruined. Like an oil spill in an ocean, all the natural beauty had been sucked up and doused in black, in darkness and chaos and the harshness of reality. There was nothing beautiful, or glamorous about a teenage prostitute. There was nothing positive about something so undeniably illegale, immoral and repulsive. Something that stole the livelihood of children and forced them to grow up far too early. 
 
When the boy shifted his head back to lean against the wall of the subway car, his chin was revealed to be a horrific painting of blacks and blues, greens and purples. Finger shaped bruises from where too many men had forced the boy to look at them or take their heavy lengths into his small, innocent mouth. Pink and red hickies lay like dying rose all across his skin, mixing with the little finger shaped bruises.   
 
It was a late night train, the same late night train the boy took every week in fact. Late Night Brooklyn Bound Q Trains always seemed to attract a specific group of people. Every week the same crowd 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Sexual Assault
Prostitution
Homophobia
Underage Prostitution
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Abuse
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Has Issues
Homeless Peter Parker
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Daddy Issues
Gay Peter Parker
LGBTQ Themes
Protective Avengers
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Homelessness
Self-Hatred
Poor Peter Parker
Secret Identity
Civil War Team Captain America
Hugs
Protective Bucky Barnes
Suicidal Thoughts
Protective Sam Wilson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

