Work Text:
Peter wakes up with a gasp.
He must have had a bad dream or something. His heart is beating fast.
Strange, he usually remembers his dreams. But now there’s nothing. If he concentrates, he can almost remember going to bed last night. He blinks up at the bunk bed bars.
There’s a clatter and Peter jumps, his head whipping around to stare as his bedroom door is flung open.
May is standing there. When she sees him, her face pales and her eyes go wide. A hand flies to her mouth.
“May?” he asks, propping himself up on one elbow.
Her legs give out. She sits down hard in his doorway, one hand still covering her mouth.
“May!” Peter gasps, flinging the covers off and dashing the short distance until he’s kneeling in front of her. “May, what’s wrong?”
May just shakes her head, tears pooling in her eyes. Peter’s gut twists.
“Talk to me,” he begs, reaching for her hand. When he touches her, she sobs and seizes him by the shoulders, hauling him into her lap and hugging him like he’ll disintegrate if she doesn’t hold on tight enough.
“You’re actually here,” she whimpers. “You’re here. My baby. Oh, my baby.”
Peter blinks, not understanding what’s happening. He curls into her, trying to tuck himself under her chin like he used to as a child before he’d grown taller than her.
“May? I don’t understand.” When he wraps his arms around her waist, he can feel her shaking from her sobs.
“Peter. Baby, oh my gosh,” she keeps saying. She’s pressing almost painfully hard kisses to his hair and temple, her tears slicking his shoulder.
No matter how much he asks, she never tells him what’s wrong. She also never lets go of him. After a long time, he finally scoops her into his arms and carries her into the living room, setting her gently on the couch.
“I’m going to make you some tea, ok?” he says quietly.
May seems reluctant to be separated by even a few feet, clinging onto him like she’s the one with spider powers, but after a moment she hiccups and nods, uncurling her fingers from his t-shirt.
As the electric kettle boils and Peter digs around in the cupboards for tea bags, he searches desperately for some hint as to what could have set May off like that. He’s never seen her like that; not when his parents died, not at the Stark Expo when he’d gone missing, not even when a police officer brought him home covered in Ben’s blood.
Just as the kettle begins to hiss, someone pounds on their front door, so loud and unexpected Peter would have dropped the mug he’s holding if not for his powers. He sets it down on the counter, taking a single step toward the door before it’s suddenly shoved open.
Tony Stark is standing in his doorway.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter squeaks, way beyond confused now. He has absolutely no idea what is happening, but it feels like he accidently slept through the end of the world with the way everyone’s acting. Not only that but something about Tony, and even May, is off. There’s something behind their eyes that makes them look older than they should, sad and hollowed out.
And Tony, too, is staring at him like he’s some type of apparition.
“Peter,” Tony breathes.
“What’s going on?” Peter asks, fear tingling just beneath his skin.
Once again he doesn’t get an answer. Instead Tony steps forward and raises both hands to trace along Peter’s face, calloused thumbs gently following the hollows beneath his eyes, his cheekbones, his jaw. Peter blinks in surprise, but makes no move to pull away.
“Peter,” Tony whispers again, his voice breaking. And for the second time that morning, Peter is being tugged into a nearly suffocating hug.
Peter decides to just go with it, just ignore the fact that he and Mr. Stark have hugged twice in the two years they’ve known each other and both were after close calls in battles and this is a perfectly normal morning, with sunshine pouring through the kitchen windows and Peter standing perplexed in his pajamas.
As he winds his arms around Tony’s waist, sinks into the embrace, he inexplicably feels his throat tighten with emotion.
He realizes now, suddenly, that he missed Tony. He missed him so much there’s an ache behind his sternum that is just now beginning to ease. And he missed May, too, missed her so much even the thought of it makes his eyes water.
But he doesn’t know why. May kissed him goodnight only the night before. He saw Tony three days ago.
He holds on tighter, tries to ease whatever longing he’s feeling by burying his nose in Tony’s shoulder.
“Kid,” Tony says. His voice still sounds wrecked for some reason.
“Mr. Stark,” Peter whispers into his shoulder.
Tony pulls away from him, once again trapping Peter’s face between his hands.
“Why are you upset?” Tony asks, brushing away the moisture clinging to Peter’s eyelashes.
“I don’t know.”
Tony nods like that’s the answer he was expecting. Peter wishes he was angry that no one is telling him anything, but mostly he’s just confused.
“What happened?” he tries again.
Tony tilts his chin up and kisses Peter on the forehead, firm and warm. Jo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Grief/Mourning
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Past Character Death
Canonical Character Death
Nightmares
Platonic Cuddling
Forehead Kisses
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Crying
Vomiting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

