Work Text:
Peter doesn’t know how he let it happen.He doesn’t know this now, but abuse isn’t something you let happen. It’s something that happens to you. It’s something that’s done to you.But to this day, he blames himself.It starts on a sunny day, but that’s always how these things start – with a false sense of security and the belief that nothing can touch you when things are going this well.Ever since the Homecoming fiasco, things have drastically improved for Peter. Both Tony and Happy, upon realizing how badly they screwed up the first time, have started taking on more active roles in his life. Which is cool.Tony even offered him a legitimate internship. Not that it can really be called that; mostly it’s just Peter tinkering around with scraps in Tony’s lab, occasionally playing with the robots while they listen to various styles of music.He’s also started regularly attending decathlon again, and MJ is quickly becoming a steady fixture in he and Ned’s corner. It’s nice. It’s better. He’s got more people on his side than ever before.Even May seems to be happier. Somehow, in between late shifts at the hospital, she’s managed to find herself a boyfriend, a guy named Brad who works alongside of her. Peter has yet to meet the guy, but he seems to make May happy, and that’s enough for him. She’s radiant.And after everything they’ve been through, he’d do anything to keep her that way.Peter meets Brad on a sunny day. The man strolls into the apartment, all dark hair with eyes to match, but his teeth gleam when he flashes a friendly smile. The man walks up to him to shake Peter’s hand.The back of Peter’s neck prickles when they make contact, but he shakes his head, brushing it off as nerves. There’s nothing particularly threatening about the man, and Peter tends to get anxious around new people anyway.He looks over to where May is watching them nervously, desperate for Peter to like Brad, and he smiles at her reassuringly, watching relief color her face.Peter doesn’t know this now, but he’s been kickstarted on a journey downhill. By the time he’ll realize, he’ll have already gained too much momentum to stop.To this day, he hates himself for ignoring his instincts.“Oh yeah, I forgot to ask – how was meeting May’s boyfriend?” Ned asks as they leave decathlon practice. Usually MJ walks out with them, but today she needed to stay behind to discuss the season schedule with Mr. Harrington.Peter shrugs. “It was fine, I guess.”Ned shoots him a curious look, eyebrows raised. “Just fine?”“Yeah, I mean, he seems like a pretty chill dude, I guess. They didn’t exactly stick around long before their date,” Peter tells him.“That’s fair. I’m really happy for her, man. She deserves it,” Ned says, and Peter nods in agreement.“For sure. Anyway, I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?” Peter asks as they start to go their separate ways.“Yeah. Oh, I might call you later for help with the chem homework. I understood most of it, but I kind of got lost towards the end.”“Of course. I finished most of it during study hall, so  just call whenever,” Peter tells him, and Ned sighs.“What must it be like to be smart?” he groans dramatically, and Peter rolls his eyes.“You’re a genius and you know it,” he scolds.“You’re right,” Ned agrees. “Chemistry is just stupid.”“Spider-Man thinks chemistry is amazing,” Peter jokes, and Ned laughs at him.“Touché. I’ll see you later, man,” Ned says, walking off in the opposite direction with one last wave.Peter quickly takes out his phone, scrolling through his notifications. He has two texts from May.
Come home right after practice, okay? Brad’s coming over for dinner.
Peter can’t help the bolt of irritation that immediately flashes through him at that. For one, he had been planning on patrolling for an hour before going home. And secondly, because of May’s intense hours at the hospital to keep up with rent, Peter only gets to eat dinner with her two or three times a week. He doesn’t particularly want to share.Underneath that, there’s another text from her.
Is that okay with you?
And Peter immediately feels guilty for his selfish thinking. May is a whole adult, and he should be thrilled that she’s comfortable enough to have her new boyfriend over with them for dinner. He quickly types out a response, trying to alleviate his own guilt.
yeah, sounds good! be there soon.
When he gets to the apartment, he waits outside the door for a second, just listening. The back of his neck prickles uncomfortably, but then the sound of laughter filters through the door, and Peter smiles. It’s nice to hear May enjoying someone else’s company for once.He pushes the door open. “May, I’m home!” he calls out.“In the kitchen!” she yells back, and he makes his way over. May is just putting a tray of cookies into the over, her apron streaked with flour. Brad is sitting at the kitchen table watching her.“Oh, are we having cookies for dinner?” Peter jokes, dropping his bag to the floor.“You wish. They’re for dessert. I got Indian takeout for d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Whump
Angst
Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Hurt Peter
Worried Tony Stark
Father-Son Relationship
Abusive Relationships
Child Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
kind of
actually not really idk
Dad!Tony
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Victim Blaming
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

