Chapter 1





Chapter Text
That Calvin barely passes high school doesn’t surprise anyone. Some of the more maleficent one would even say it was a miracle that he finished at all. Not that they say it a lot, at least not after Suzie socks one of them and gives him a black eye. But Calvin passes, barely, and then shocks everybody, except Suzie since it’s totally her fault, by being accepted to the MIT. Suzie makes him take an aptitude test by holding Hobbes hostage and threatening to do something unspeakable to him."I have a pink ribbon and if you don't do your best to ace this test I will tie it around his neck and call him miss kitty."So Calvin takes the test and for once does his best and proves that he has an IQ of 158. Even Suzie has been surprised by that, but she covers it by giving Hobbes a can of tuna and Calvin a pizza.Calvin finds that he likes the MIT, the pranks are great and carrying a stuffed tiger around isn't the strangest thing that has happened. And while he can't decide what his main subject should be he at least has the chance to learn a lot. Perhaps not things he's supposed to learn, but he’s always found that people doesn't appreciate his knowledge. Susie doesn’t go to MIT, but keeps in touch through mail, texts and phone calls. And while it mostly is to make him do his homework, eat right and to stop him from going to protest it’s comforting to know she still cared."No Calvin, I don't think that protesting against Wednesdays is a good way to spend the whole day.""But Suzie, if we didn't have Wednesdays the weekend would be here so much faster, it's just a filler day."Calvin resolves the matter by doing absolutely no schoolwork on Wednesdays and instead spends it doing anything else. This is how he ends up at an interview for an internship at Stark Industries. He blames Hobbes for that. It’s him who sees all the people sitting around looking nervous and clutching papers. Both Calvin and Hobbes thought its actors doing auditions and since it’s one thing they hasn’t tried doing on a Wednesday yet they just sits down and waits their turn. To find out it is for an internship is quite a shock. But more surprising is that Tony Stark himself is there, helping to conduct the interviews or scare the hopefully with his awesomeness."I'm not scared of your awesomeness," is the first thing Calvin tells him. "I thought, or rather Hobbes and I thought it was an acting job. Not that we can act, well Hobbes says he can but don't believe him.""Who's Hobbes?" One of the other sitting there asks him.Calvin points at Hobbes who currently napping on his bag, since it wasn’t acting jobs he aren’t interested anymore. Calvin is familiar with the looks he gets from the man and the woman sitting there but Tony gives him a wide grin."I like him, what's your name kid? And you should be grateful that you get to bask in my awesomeness.""Calvin.""So, Calvin, if you’re not here to look for a job why are you here?""It's Wednesday. I've decided that no schoolwork will be done on Wednesdays. I tried to rally a protest against the day, but Suzie stopped me so now I’m boycotting it instead.""You’re boycotting Wednesday," Stark says amused. "I wonder if I can do that to?"The man glares at Calvin and clears his throat."Mr.... Calvin, can you please tell us why you would want to work at Stark Industries.""I like the robot. And working there would probably help me finally build the freeze ray gun I need when I take over the world and proclaimed myself the emperor of the world. Well except Africa and India since that's for Hobbes and whatever part Suzie would want. And then I will use the corporate to help me build a spaceship so I can go to new worlds.""Kid, screw the internship do you want a job? I can get a contract written in like five minutes for you. And of course your tiger should have his own contract, what does he want to be paid in, meat?""He likes tuna.""Excellent! Jarvis two contracts for my new friends! I like people with aspirations.""Mr. Stark! You can't just hire someone like that!""My company. I don't care who you give the internship to, but you can't tell me who to hire or not to hire."This is how Calvin drops out of MIT and gets a job at Stark Industries. A job, and one and a half cubicle for him and Hobbes. And a yearly supply of high grade tuna for as long as he works there."I knew it would be a good idea," Hobbes tells him smugly as he curls up under his UV-lamp at work."You thought it was for a movie or something," Calvin grumbles but steps away when the tiger shows his claws.No one can say for certain what Calvin’s job is. So he tries a little of everything. He does a little marketing, or rather draws a picture and writes a slogan that somehow becomes a hit. Some of his more outlandish ideas turn out to be not quite as outlandish that you could have thought and makes the market. He's strange and probably a little crazy, but its Stark Industries and most people are strange or slightly crazy. It comes from 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Calvin

freeform: 
Fluff
Silly
Stark Industries
crazy inventions

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Calvin

