Work Text:
 Enough is something Bucky is used to.He remembered enough to intercept Winter Soldier protocols when he’d first crossed paths with Steve in the 21st century. He remembered enough to get by in Romania when he successfully escaped Hydra. He remembered enough of what Hydra would do – had threatened to do – once they’d find him again, and he remembered enough to trust that Steve – little Stevie Rogers from next door – would help him.Later, he remembered enough to be the Bucky Barnes Steve remembers, and that includes pretending just enough that he isn’t the same Bucky Barnes from before then, either.Bucky is used to enough, it’s been ingrained from childhood. Before the Fall, before the military, before Steve.He remembers curling up tight so he could huddle up in the bed he shared with his sisters and his ma with just enough of the thin blanket to cover them all that their shared body heat doesn’t escape. He remembers them pulling the blanket over their heads, whispering and giggling over everything and nothing, and making promises to their ma that no matter their situation that they'd always remember that there’s always more to life than this.She makes them promise it every day, makes them promise a little louder on harder days, just in case.Like when his stomach would ache just seeing the loaf of stale bread his ma and Tally were able to bargain for with their combined weekly earnings, along with the rare treat of cheese, a sliver of ham and three grapes, if they split the bounty equally. He remembers how their ma would pretend she’s too full and give as much to them as she could, remembers how Tally would frown, an argument on her lips, and then roll her eyes fondly when Bucky would produce another slice, cheekily informing, “There’s more than enough to share.”Bucky remembers his ma yelling at them to be careful when they would climb the roof. He remembers Rebecca’s head heavy on his sternum as she played connect-the-dots with the stars overhead while Tally wove tales with the constellations about countless battles and daring feats, grand escapes, and quick-witted cleverness.Her stories didn’t always have happy endings, Tally was a realist like that, but every great fable promised the same thing as their ma’s: there is always more.When he looks at his palms: one with ridges and scars softened by the Serum, the other polished in gleaming silver Vibranium, he knows this probably isn’t what she meant. Then again, he could never be sure.Tally always did have an air of ambivalent benevolence only apparent in first-born children.Bucky’s memories, though, like all memories, aren’t perfect, but they’re enough. They’re enough to remind him that he didn’t just appear one day, a fully formed killing machine. That he had a family. That he was a person. That he remembers. It's enough. He ignores his ma’s promise and Tally’s stories, sets aside any hope for more. Enough is it for him. Enough is what he’s used to. Enough is what he’s always gotten.Enough, however, is not in Tony’s vocabulary.Unsurprising, really.While Bucky’s used to getting by, scraping the bottom of the barrel, barely breathing and surviving through sheer force of fear through the decades, Tony Stark is used to more. Tony is more.The Tower with his name on it says it all.But even before then, before Bucky landed back in the United States, freer than he’d been since he’d been forcibly drafted in the Forties, Tony’s very existence permeated the air.From the Rogues’ displeasure that “Tony forced their hand” to their sneering acceptance of his aid to get them back in the good graces of the world, Tony was there without physically having to be there. His words, his actions, his past, and his future seemed of great importance to the group that had both saved and endangered Bucky with every action as Tony’s televised appearances were watched, studied and dissected in detail.No matter how often Barton insisted that he didn’t care what Tony did, his actions said differently; his vitriol near toxic as he spewed the same hate as the Witch whenever he opened his mouth.Steve too seemed both sadder and rebelliously unrepentant for reasons Bucky didn’t have the emotional capacity to deal with at the time, though he continued to watch raptly as Tony marveled the global arena, charming and cajoling and performing with every smirk and quip.Bucky can’t blame anyone for being such a captive audience. Meeting the man himself, face to face, Bucky gets it.He’s always been enthralled by the idea of the future, had loved the possibilities it presented, the hope it envisioned.Steve just attributed Bucky’s surprising friendship with Tony over that; over his Workshop and his AIs and the Iron Man suits. Not realizing that Tony himself was the future personified in all the best ways: It’s in that fathomless passion that lights him up from the inside that sparks from his bloodstream and gives life to everything he touches. It’s the drive to build and better. It’s the reckle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Angie Martinelle/OFC

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Barnes family hour

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Angie Martinelle/OFC

