Chapter 1: Just an Intern
    


Summary:

Tuesday, September 16th





Chapter Text

Tuesday, September 16th

 

Peter’s favorite days of the week are Tuesday and Thursday for one simple reason: those are the days he gets to intern at Stark Industries. He’s one of only five high school age interns and the only one in the New York building. Twice a week he gets to leave class ten minutes early to catch the subway that he takes to the Stark Industries building.
 
Peter taps his foot quickly, jittering up and down like a cricket, itching for the clock to tick past. He eyes the clock, half listening to the teacher. As soon as it strikes two twenty pm, his hand shoots in the air. 
 
“You can go, Mr. Parker,” his teacher says, only bothering him a passing glance.
 
Peter shoots up, snatching his backpack from the floor next to him and making a beeline to the exit. He bounces out of school in a light jog and heads towards the subway, getting there just under a minute before the train does. When it gets there, he takes a free seat, glad that it’s not rush hour. Fifteen minutes later he’s stepping up from underground, crossing the street, and breathing a sigh of relief when the Stark Industries air conditioning hits him.
 
“Hi, Susan.” Peter greets the security guard with a wave. 
 
He grabs his key card out of his backpack and slips it over his head before sending his bag down the conveyor belt. He steps through the metal detector waiting for it to turn green before grabbing his backpack off the other end.
 
“Have a nice day, Peter,” Susan says as Peter grabs his phone out of his backpack.
 
“You too, Ms. Susan!” Peter says, slipping his backpack on. Peter sends a quick text to his Aunt May telling her he made it in before shoving his phone in his pocket.
 
Peter makes his way up to the intern labs and gets to work as fast as he can. After the lab supervisor passes around and makes sure he has something to do, Peter pushes his work to the side and pulls out his notebook, immediately starting work on a new web formula.
 
He’s been doing this for a while. Peter uses the technology the interns have access too to edit and perfect the formula. Having access to chemical labs is useful when you need to mix the shit out of dangerous chemicals.
 
Almost an hour later, the interns get an unexpected visitor. Peter had slipped his notebook and a container of the new formula in his bag only minutes before the arrival of Tony Stark.
 
In general, Tony Stark doesn’t visit the interns; he usually didn’t leave the top few floors as far as the interns knew. But now, in all his glory, the genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, Tony Stark is walking around looking at what the interns are working on. Most of the interns are understandably excited to see him there, but they attempt to keep the appearance of working normally. 
 
Peter tenses as he senses Mr. Stark’s eyes land on him. He lets out a breath, waiting for the feeling to disappear when he moves onto the other interns. He continues working on his 3D model on his computer and focuses on the French lyrics drifting to his ears through his headphones. Instead of the feeling passing, Peter senses Mr. Stark as he starts walking towards him. Peter waits until Mr. Stark is standing next to him before taking a headphone out of his ear and glancing at him. They seem to be level height because Peter is sitting on the tall stools in the lab.
 
“Whatcha working on, kid?” Mr. Stark, 

Tony freaking Stark

, asks.
 
It’s the second sentence Mr. Stark has ever said to Peter, but that was so many years ago, that Mr. Stark probably wouldn’t remember him. Peter was eight when the Stark-expo got attacked. May and Ben brought him there after weeks of begging, and the two of them regretted it. Peter remembers May silently hyperventilating as Peter excitedly told the tale of coming face to face with a killer robot and Ironman telling him he did a good job. Ben anxiously indulged his story, smiling and more successfully looking like he was enjoying the story than May did. 
 
“T-temporary casing for a robot I’m working on,” Peter says, proud of his only slight stutter.
 
“How old are you?” Mr. Stark asks, raising an eyebrow.
 
“Fifteen, sir.” Peter slips the other earbud out of his ear 
 
“Jesus, kid. I- What’s your name?”
 
“Peter Parker, sir.”
 
“Well, Peter, I was under the impression that we didn’t hire high school age interns.”
 
“Oh… Um- there are only five. I’m the only one in this building… I think,” Peter says, quickly saving the program just in case. Anything can happen if you get distracted.
 
“Huh, I’ll have to ask Pepper about that sometime,” Mr. Stark says to himself.
 
Peter waits for Mr. Stark to say anything else for a moment before Mr. Stark wanders off to look at other interns’ projects.
 
Peter exhales tension leaving his body. He slips his earbuds back in and the pleasant sounds of 

Zaz

 fill his ears. He may not know any French, but he enjoys the music. It’s kind of calmi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Miles Morales/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Intern Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Parent Tony Stark
Captain America: Civil war didn't happen
They talked things out like responsible adults
Tony Stark doesn't know Peter Parker is Spider-man
Miles Morales Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Irondad
Stress Baking
Mentor/Protégé
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Fluff
Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Betaed
Miscommunication
Pining
Mutual Pining
Misunderstandings
Secrets
Eventual Romance
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Father-Son Relationship
Crushes
Swearing
Fluff and Angst
Blood and Injury
Spidey Sense (Marvel)
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Character Death
Genderfluid Character
Slow Burn
Allergies
miles is my sonflower
Coming Out
Interns & Internships
Teen Peter Parker
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Cute Miles Morales
Sweet Miles Morales
Character Death
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Bi Miles Morales
Bi Peter Parker
graphic depictions of injury
Graphic depictions of violence - Freeform
Pride
Blood
Pre-Spider Bite Miles Morales
Post-Spider Bite Miles Morales

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Miles Morales/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

