Chapter 1: But Daaaaaad
    


Summary:

Yes, Daredevil has long since established himself as a pillar of the New York superhero community. He’s a good guy who has supposedly been through the wringer quite a few times (if his multiple long-term disappearances are anything to go off of) and is still a hero. Apparently, he bristles at being called a hero, but if the shoe fits… He’s also very rarely a team player if the Defenders have anything to say about it. Jessica Jones swears up and down that he’s a great guy once you get past the horns, red leather, and bravado, but she’s also from Hell’s Kitchen and a chronic alcoholic who’d probably been drinking for eight hours straight when she’d said that (at nine A.M.). He’s a hero: yes. He’s in the major leagues: yes. He’s an appropriate hero for Peter to be working with:  hell the fuck no .



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter comes over to the lab like he does most days after school, whether it be just to work on homework or to work on something more Spider-centric, and this time it just so happens to be Spider-centric. Some days after school he seems a bit more subdued (Tony has his theories about the kid being bullied, but he keeps them to himself because he isn’t Peter’s dad and Peter would bring it up if he wanted Tony to know), so it’s more than a little surprising that he’s so talkative today while he’s fiddling with one of his web shooters. “So anyway, yesterday I was heading home from here, and you remember it was kinda later than usual, right? So I’m heading to the subway, but I see a stray cat, so I start following it to see if it’s okay, and I end up in a kinda shady area, and the Spidey sense starts freaking out, so I duck into this alley and put on the suit real quick and this guy comes running out of nowhere and he’s holding a kid! He’s kidnapping someone’s, like, two-year-old, and I’m like ‘wow, I have to stop this!’ and the guy actually turns into the alley I’m in and I’m about to web him up, right? But the web shooters are jammed! Both of them! So I freeze up because I... uh, I have no idea what to do.” The kid has the brains to look a little sheepish as he says this, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. “And the guy pulls a gun on me and I’m like ‘crap, I’m gonna die in a crappy alley in crappy Hell’s Kitchen cause my stupid Spidey sense didn’t warn me about the thing that was gonna get me killed, but before the guy can pull the trigger, guess who shows up?! Daredevil!” Peter’s voice goes a little bit higher with excitement. Tony tries not to show his concern, and Peter continues. “Man, anyway, he throws that stick thing he has at the guy’s hand, and Mr. Kidnapper drops the gun and Daredevil takes the kid away from him, hands her to me, and knocks him out! With this, like, crazy spin-kick-flip thing right in the head! Anyway, Daredevil looks at me, says an address, and says ‘take her home, Spider-Man.’” Peter impersonates the (frankly ridiculous) gravelly voice Daredevil has, and Tony actually cracks a smile despite the fact Peter just admitted to  almost getting himself shot because he followed a cat . “He knew who I was, Mr. Stark! Daredevil used my name! It was so cool! Anyway, I take the kid home to her mom—apparently the kidnapper was actually her ex-husband, but he’s crazy and he didn’t have custody because he hit her, like, in public and everything. She was really nice and she hugged me and said ‘thank you’ a lot. So when I leave, I walk outside and the Spidey sense flips out again and I’m like ‘crap, what  now  ?’ but I look up and Daredevil’s on the roof across the street and he’s staring down at me. I have like absolutely no idea how to interact with other super-people, so I just wave at him, and he sorta smiles and gives me the ‘wait there’ signal and a minute later he somehow sneaks around behind me, so I freak and throw a punch at him, but he dodges it and says that I must be new and he offered to teach me how to fight, so I’m gonna meet up with him tonight! Isn’t that so cool? I’m finally making my own super-people connections! I’m  networking ! That’s what grown-ups call it, right?” Tony’s suddenly struck by how young Peter is, and just how innocent he is. He froze when he got a gun pointed at him. He still fan-boys over other heroes. He still says  grown-ups . Yes, Daredevil has long since established himself as a pillar of the New York superhero community. He’s a good guy who has supposedly been through the wringer quite a few times (if his multiple long-term disappearances are anything to go off of) and is still a hero. Apparently, he bristles at being called a hero, but if the shoe fits… He’s also very rarely a team player if the Defenders have anything to say about it. Jessica Jones swears up and down that he’s a great guy once you get past the horns, red leather, and bravado, but she’s also from Hell’s Kitchen and a chronic alcoholic who’d probably been drinking f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Frank Castle
everyone is friends - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
Luke Cage/Claire Temple
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Claire Temple
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Melvin Potter
Matt Murdock & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
vigilante mentorship
Matt is scary af but nice to kids
cats!!!
fuckin bad at tagging sorry kids
please leave comments with good tags
Protective Tony Stark
Mr. Miyagi Matt
Peter's networking like a real adult
Jessica Jones is not a good chaperone
Teenage Peter Parker
Teenage Rebellion
Peter is stickin' it to the man
badum tsss
GET IT???
because he's sticky??????
Parent Tony Stark
or at least surrogate parent
BAMF Matt Murdock
bc he always is a bamf
DevilDad and SpideySon
not spideypool
Peter is a child
THIS IS SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING PETER PARKER
he is a child
No Spideypool
THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE SPIDEYPOOL IS BETWEEN ADULT ITERATIONS OF PETER PARKER AND WADE
lots of sexual innuendos
because hello it contains deadpool
there are extremely brief mentions of child abuse and use of date rape drugs
but there is nothing explicit and each mention is like basically just a sentence or two
nothing extreme enough for me to add the rape/non-con tag
tony has character flaws
but I love him
not anti tony
just acknowledging that he fucked up
Team Red (Marvel) - Freeform

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Frank Castle
everyone is friends - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
Luke Cage/Claire Temple
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Claire Temple
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Melvin Potter
Matt Murdock & Wade Wilson

