Chapter 1: Dream a Little Dream of Me
    




Chapter Text
Peter has always had a habit of talking in his sleep. That’s not the weird part. Tony’s gotten used to waking up to Peter mumbling something about his parents or about food, or just some plain nonsense. Usually he’ll just spoon Peter back to sleep, grinning at how endearing this little quirk is. So when Tony wakes up one night to Peter’s erection pressed against his back, practically moaning in his sleep, he’s not too startled. What does startle Tony, however, is the name that comes out of Peter’s mouth.

“Mmmm, fuck- Steve…” Peter rolls his hips against Tony and Tony feels his cock twitch in spite of himself. What is Peter dreaming about? Tony gets a vision in his head of Steve thrusting into Peter, and he has to bite his lip to keep from gasping. He’s always thought of himself as a jealous man, but something about the idea of sharing Peter with Steve… yeah, that definitely gets him going.

Peter gasps again and cums without warning, shuddering against Tony. While the younger man continues to sleep, Tony’s wheels are turning. It’s Peter’s birthday next week, and Tony thinks he might have an idea of what to get him.
 
“You want me to have sex with your boyfriend?”

“Basically, yeah, if you’re not too out of practice.”

Steve purses his lips in that pissed off way that Tony has been finding more and more adorable lately.

“I’m not going to dignify that with an answer, Stark. Though, I should point out that Bucky did just move back in.”

“So you’re back in business then. Barnes wouldn’t be too jealous, would he?”

“It’s more you I’m worried about actually.” Steve circles the table and sits down across from Tony. Tony had been in the kitchen, making himself a late-night meal, when Steve had come in to make himself some tea. Tony had decided it the perfect time to pose the offer to him.

“You were almost ready to snap Loki’s neck after he looked at the kid for a second too long last week, and not you’re asking me if I want to sleep with him?” Steve continues, giving Tony one of those long stares that make Tony feel as if Steve can see directly into his soul.

“Look, I still don’t trust Loki. Thor does, that’s fine, good for him. But I don’t like the attention he’s giving Peter. But I trust you. And if Peter wants it, then damn, I want to give it to him.” That gets Steve’s attention.

“Peter really wants this?” Steve whispers, almost as if he’s unable to believe that Peter would really be interested in that.

“Rogers, I woke up to him having a wet dream and moaning your name. He definitely wants you.” Tony smirks at the Captain’s deep blush and inability to make eye contact. “And besides,” he tosses the final nail in the coffin. “I can’t say it isn’t something I would love to watch.” And he stands and exits, patting Steve on the cheek, leaving him alone to contemplate the situation he has before him. But first, he definitely has to deal with the situation that Tony has just created for him. Yeah, that first.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wet Dream
Open Relationship
Slut!Peter
Butt Plugs
NYU!Peter
College Student Peter
Possessive Tony Stark
Blow Jobs
Wake-Up Sex
Sex Dreams
Rimming
Threesome - M/M/M
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Steve's super soldier dick
Spitroasting
scene negotiation
Tony loves AC/DC
AC/DC References
Learning about BDSM
Foot Massage
BDSM
Safewords
surprise orgasm
Flogging
Riding Crops

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

