Chapter 1: Take it In
    


Notes:
I AM BACK, DARLINGS! Hello again ♥Now, I would just like to say that I am all sorts of awful at beginnings, so I've kind of skipped all that junk. This part is really a middle, so I've just jumped into the story. But you lovely beings are hopefully all caught up, so I'm choosing to believe that a more beginning-like opening would just be plain tedious to you. Here's to hoping you all like this! *crosses fingers and hopes*Please enjoy my second piece, Bleeding Out(which will hopefully be not as bad as the title implies)Also, postings will be every Saturday, as usual :)*The Bucky/Steve pairing is closer to the end, and there's an extra just for them side story at the end of the last chapter, for those of you who feel like skipping through my glorious work*




Chapter Text
Time passes, languidly at points, slowly, determinedly, making each minute known. At other points, it is there and gone, spent in the blink of an eye, and leaving whatever poor creature that had been ensnared in its trap disoriented and perhaps even confused. The point is that time passes, in whatever way it chooses, but it does pass, completely unyielding to the wishes of what it affects. Time is not human, after all. It is not some lowly thing to be swayed and changed by the whims of others. Neither, for that matter, is Loki.
He hums as he strolls into the kitchen on the common floor, intent on making use of the stove, desiring a hot breakfast for a change. It is early in the morning. The sun has only just begun to creep over the horizon. Tony is asleep, and will likely stay asleep for a while longer. Usually Loki would stay with him, enjoying the rare peace of simply being in Tony’s presence, before all the madness of the day and the brilliance of Tony’s mind. When his silly human is awake, peaceful is perhaps the last word Loki would use to describe him. Today, though, Loki woke up hungry, and he wanted breakfast, so he left Tony sleeping, absolutely positive that Tony will still be asleep when he slips back into bed.
It is still early enough that Loki is positive he is the only one making use of the common floor. Rogers will most likely be up and jogging through the streets of the city, not to return for an hour or more. Barton and Thor will not be awake until much later in the day, probably once the morning is long gone. The beast, Banner, has probably gone to bed only recently, and is unlikely to awaken until the time comes for the evening meal. This is all speculation, of course, but it is enough that Loki feels comfortable humming as he works. Sometimes he sings around Tony.
It is only Romanov he is unsure of, as her patterns are anything but predictable. She is an impressive woman. After sticking his head in the fridge and going over what he has to work with, Loki decides that he would like eggs for breakfast. He grabs the carton and places it on the counter, turning next to the cupboards, rooting through them to see if he can find any herbs to cook with. Plain eggs are acceptable as well, but Loki does love flavor. Behind him, he hears the barest puff of air. “Would you like some eggs as well, little spider?” A snort is his only reply, so Loki shrugs and makes sure he has enough for two. When he turns to face the breakfast bar, Romanov is seated comfortably, watching him with amusement. Her silence is nothing new, so Loki just continues making food, his humming gone silent.
There was a point, after a prank that had gotten a little out of hand, that Loki had had to cook for himself for a very long while, for his own safety. People never really could take a joke. In any event, he had discovered that he rather liked cooking. Nothing is quite as satisfying as food done well, and when one has a specific meal in mind, it is best that they cook it themselves.
Romanov watches closely as he cooks, probably trying to make certain he does not poison the food, or something equally ridiculous. As if Loki would be so foolish as to poison any of them in his own home. He would definitely be more creative than that. Of course, Loki does not share this information. He likes the way they circle him, trying to find a crack in his masks. Little do they know that in this building, in his home, whoever might be present, the only mask Loki wears is his skin. He has nothing to hide from these people in his daily behavior. He refuses to hide from these people.
An idea suddenly comes to him. Loki turns back to the fridge to gather a few more supplies for his omelet. Some spinach and cheese should taste wonderful with what he has already started. He saw something like that in one of the cook books he bought. Tony had laughed when he saw those, saying that Loki could not really cook at the tower, as well as something along the lines of cooking not being appropriate princely behavior. Loki had pinched him, cackling gleefully when Tony yelped, and had said that he just liked to know. That is really the only reason Loki does a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plots and Planning
Secrets
as per their usual
Fluff
Angst-ish behavior
As always Loki does what he wants
Tony sort of joins in on that
Fury is being a dick as usual
Coulson is tickled pink
sexual happenings
Mpreg
but of a Loki sort

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

