Work Text:
Peter feels the sweat already having gathered on his neck and between his eyebrows the moment he croaks his eyes open. It's still quite early in the morning but the sun is already shining brightly, exactly like the days before. His room has started to feel more like an oven, really.
He sighs and crawls out of his bed, grabbing randomly some clothes before heading to the bathroom, basically dragging his feet on the floor and still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He frowns slightly when he hears a noise coming from the living room but then he just shrugs it off; maybe Aunt May's schedule changed. 
He strips off his clothes and immediately steps in the shower, allowing the cool water to run down his heated skin. It makes him shiver but it's pleasant and he sighs contently, enjoying the short break from the hell outside.
It's more than fifteen minutes later when he finally steps out of the bathroom, wearing only a pair of really short shorts, grimacing just at the thought of wearing anything more with this heat.
He makes his way to the living room, eager to see if Aunt May made him anything for breakfast - it's summer, he's allowed to be a bit lazy - only to be greeted by a stranger's back. A strong, muscular and quite impressive back. 
"Uh..." 
The noise draws the guy's attention and he turns around, his eyes immediately landing on him.
"You must be Peter. I hope I didn't wake you," he says and Peter frowns before his mind starts functioning again.
Right, broken air conditioner. Aunt May said yesterday that someone would come to fix it this morning. He completely forgot.
"Uh yes, I mean no, you didn't wake me," he replies, cringing only slightly at his answer, and then guy nods.
"I'm Tony," he introduces himself and Peter watches as Tony's gaze travels up and down his body - not quite subtly - before returning to his face. 
Oh shit. He barely wears any clothes. Fuck fuck fuck. 
He feels his cheeks burning up and he awkwardly hugs his arms around his chest to hide himself. 
"I'm Peter- oh, uhm, right, you already knew that, sorry," he mumbles, managing only to become even redder as the guy chuckles. 
Tony returns back to his work without another glance at him and Peter isn't sure why but he's slightly disappointed. 
He should probably let him work. He shuffles to his room and grabs a t-shirt, throwing it on, still feeling the heat on his cheeks after Tony's look. Did Tony think it inappropriate that he showed up like this? He hopes he didn't offend him somehow, it's not that he did on purpose, after all. 
The loud growl of his stomach shakes him off his thought and he exits his room again, this time heading to the kitchen. 
Maybe he should ask Tony- should he call him Mr. Tony? He doesn't want to seem rude - if he'd like something to eat or drink. Yes, this sounds like a good idea.
Tony has still his back turned to him but tilts slightly his head up to look at him when Peter approaches.
"Uh, I'm about to make breakfast, would you like me to fix something for you, too? Or maybe you want something to drink?" He asks as casually as he can, grimacing only a bit at how lame he sounds. Tony offers him a smile, anyway.
"Nah, I'm good, kid. Thanks for the offer," he says, before turning his attention again to his work. 
Peter doesn't know what it is about this guy but he just doesn't like it when Tony's eyes and attention aren't on him. Which is extremely weird, since Aunt May is paying him to work which is exactly what Tony is trying to do while Peter is just annoying him. Still he can't help himself.
"Are you sure you don't need anything?"
Tony's eyes are back on him and Peter feels a thrill of excitement run through him. 

What is wrong with him?

"I couldn't say no to some company. Sometimes, it gets pretty boring," he says and Peter barely manages to fight back the wide grin that threatens to creep onto his face.
"Oh, yeah sure. Let me just eat something really fast and then I'm all yours- I mean- I'll be back in a few minutes," he blurts out and storms out of the living room before Tony has the chance to see his face turn into an actual tomato. 
He eats quickly a bowl of cereal with milk, and despite his previous embarrassment, he's still eager to go back to the living room. 
Tony greets him with a small smirk when he gets back and Peter smiles a bit self-consciously before sitting on the couch, crossing his legs and trying to get comfortable.
"So, Peter, how old are you?" Tony asks, not long after, and Peter is relieved that he doesn't have to think something to start a conversation.
"Uh, s- sixteen." Almost.
Tony raises an eyebrow at him and Peter curses himself inwardly; he's always been a terrible liar.
"I mean, I'll turn 16 in a couple of months," he corrects and Tony hums in reply, his expression unreadable. Peter takes the opportunity to look at him a bit more carefully and stares as subtly as he can at his handsome face - Peter didn't know he had a thing for beards, but Tony's is doing weird 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Handyman Tony
Smut
Mildly Dubious Consent
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Daddy Kink
Precious Peter Parker
Age Difference
First Time
Virgin Peter Parker
Praise Kink
Translation Available

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

