Chapter 1: Peter's POV
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
His relationship with his Dad was quite strange; they could bicker and argue but at the end of the day his Dad still comes and tucks him up in bed with a kiss on the forehead and an “I love you” muttered with a smile. He could always rely on his Dad, he thinks that was how it all started, how he got a crush on his Dad.At first Peter didn't know how to deal with this revelation, he had sat on his bed trying to figure out when his parental love had changed to something more...romantic? He knew of other omegas who had married their single alpha parent, it was normal, but his Dad had never shown that type of interest in him.He had been watching a TV show (some teen drama with a love triangle) when the idea came to him, the omega girl on the show had an interest in a beta and an alpha (She obviously picked the alpha, what a clichè) and she had seduced the alpha at the end, in shorts that hardly covered her arse and a tight white t-shirt that showcased her breasts, this is when Peter had the idea to seduce his Dad. So, that's what he set out to do.He first tried the shorts that his Dad had bought him last year but that were now a bit too small, however according to MJ and Ned they framed his arse perfectly. The white t-shirt may as well have been mesh with how see through it was, it fell off one shoulder to expose his collarbone and highlighted the curve of his neck and his unmarked mating gland. He had practiced his walk in front of the mirror, swaying his hips side to side, until he got it right. Now it was time to put it into action.His Dad was home. He was sat on the couch, his right foot resting on top of his left leg, an arm flung across the top of the couch and a phone in the other. He was still wearing a suit but his jacket had been flung to the side with his tie and the top button of his shirt was now undone. The tie. That was perfect. What had Rachel from friend's said? To mess with something in your hands?He sashayed into the room, quickly moving over to the tie and picking it up. His Dad glanced up from his phone with a smile.“Hey, Pete. You okay?”Peter started to run the tie through his fingers, tracing the fabric as if it were his Dad's skin.“Hi Dad, I'm good, what about you?”His Dad was staring at his hands.“Bored, I was trapped in meetings all day. Pepper wouldn't let me go once she got a hold of me, so it was meeting after meeting after meeting.”Peter wrapped the ends of the tie over his hands and pulled it tight, only to blush when it made a whip noise.“S-sounds like hell.”His Dad smiled in response and beckoned him over with a twitch of his fingers. When Peter was close enough, his Dad grabbed his hips and pulled him down until he was straddling his Dad's lap. Peter leaned forward and buried his head in his Dad’s neck, breathing in the intoxicating smell of home, aftershave and the powerful smell of alpha - his alpha. His Dad’s hands slowly started to stroke his back.“Do you like that tie Peter?”Slowly, Peter smiled into his Dad's neck, he couldn't believe this was working.“Yeah, it's very soft.”His Dad bent his neck until he was breathing into Peter's ear, sending delightful tingles down his spine.“You can have it baby, it'll look better on you anyway.”Peter sat up in shock.“Really? But this is your favourite tie!”His Dad’s lips twitched.“Yeah and you’re my favourite boy, so keep the tie.”Peter felt his face go red, the blood running to his cheeks would hopefully keep it going somewhere South though.“Thanks Dad.”Peter leaned forward and kissed his Dad on the cheek, making sure to nuzzle his Dad's goatee (So his Dad carried his scent) before leaning backwards.Suddenly, his Dad lightly slapped his back before picking him up and dropping him back on the couch.“Right kid, what are we having to eat?”Peter couldn't help but blink in shock.“Uh, pizza?”His Dad grinned at him.“Pizza it is.”Well, so much for his seduction. He'll just have to try harder next time.
 His next attempt came from a gag gift MJ had gotten him for his birthday, underwear. Or, more specifically, women's lingerie. He didn't know why MJ had gotten him this gift, whether it was because he an omega or whether it was because she thought she was being funny, but he wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.The panties were a turquoise colour with some kind of pattern, with black lacing on the edges and a black thong that made his arse look great. It came with a garter set, that was also blue and black, which looked amazing with his stockings. He grabbed one of his Dad's old jumpers (A black MIT one) and put it on. Peter twisted and turned in front of the mirror; it was almost perfect, the sweater hid the panties when he was standing but the garter belts could be seen peeking out from underneath to hold up his stockings and when he bent over the the thong showcased his arse and his bulge could be seen through his sli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Breeding
Somnophilia
Rape/Non-con Elements
Anal Sex
Daddy Kink
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

