Chapter 1





Chapter Text

——STEVE——
Steve is waiting.He hates to admit that it’s with any actual anxiety or trepidation, but he’s been waiting for this divorce to be done for months. He finally got the call earlier today. Peggy would sign with her lawyer and then the papers would be couriered to Steve to sign with his own. All civilized and official.All their assets and the life they tried to build together would be divided and dissolved, respectively. Great. Except the papers should have arrived by now. He can see it by the way his lawyer keeps checking her watch. Sighing, Steve presses the intercom on his desk. "Ms. Chavez, could you please—""Sorry, Captain Rogers, there’s just been...a delay.""What? Why?""The envelope went to the mail room instead of straight to me. The clerk is trying to find it.""What do you mean they’re trying to find it? You know what, I’ll do it myself." He stands, picking up his jacket and putting it back on from where he’d draped it on his chair. He marches out, hesitating only briefly at America’s desk.Blessedly, she points. "East side of the building, second floor."Second floor. Steve can’t remember the last time he was on the second floor. His lawyer stares after him. "I can’t sit and wait for it another second. I’ll be right back."This is good, walk off some of the extra energy, get the papers, it’s fine. Mistakes happen. Steve’s not unreasonable.He takes the elevator down, and then follows the convenient signs posted for MAIL ROOM.He’s not quite expecting what he sees when he goes in. A man—maybe 22? 23?—cursing wildly to himself as he holds a piece of cardboard and tries to fan...a drenched stack of papers, stained with brown coffee marks.The man is, quite simply, a disaster; there is coffee all down the front of his button-up shirt and the crotch of his slacks, and Steve spots a puddle of it spreading over the edge of the desk, where the papers caught the brunt of it.There's a venti Starbucks coffee cup lying on its side on the floor, coffee pooling into the carpet."Fuck!" he cries, giving up on the cardboard and attacking the papers with a wadded up ball of tissues. He hasn’t noticed Steve yet. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, you idiot, you goddamn fool, aw, fuck me—"Steve's eyes narrow at him as he steps over the threshold, draws himself up to his full height and clears his throat.The man startles, jumping up, eyes going wide as he takes in all of Steve. "Shit! You scared me."Pursing his lips, unimpressed, Steve points to the sign on the wall that reads NO LIQUIDS very clearly. "Might help if you paid attention to the rules of your workplace," he says coldly. "I was expecting an urgent letter. Addressed to Steve Rogers."The man's face goes pale. "Uh," he says, and his gaze darts to the desk, where the wet papers lie. "I, uh, I did receive it, yes. I think.""You think," Steve repeats. He walks over and starts to peel apart coffee-stained mail."It was an accident," he says defensively. "I'm sorry, mister—""Captain," snaps Steve. He hasn't actually wanted anyone to call him that in a while, but it just comes out as his anger and frustration builds. "Captain Steve Rogers. Your name?""James. James Barnes."Steve spots the sealed envelope plastered in between several other documents just as Barnes gives his name. The ink on the envelope is smeared and with hands that he absolutely refuses to let shake, he opens it and pulls out the thick agreement within. It's ruined. Utterly and completely. Peggy's signature is a smeared blob and the words are illegible. The whole thing will have to be reprinted and resigned."Listen, Captain, I'm sorry I—" begins Barnes.Steve can't hear it. He can't deal with this right now. He turns stiffly around. "Stop talking. Collect your things. You're fired."Barnes entire face falls. "But it was one mistake, it was just—""Are you deaf as well as unable to read clear instructions posted on the wall?" snaps Steve, pointing at the NO LIQUIDS sign again. "You're fired, Barnes. Go collect your things and turn in your badge."Barnes's lip gives a distinct wobble, but then he squares his shoulders and looks Steve directly in the eyes. "You're a real prick, you know that?" he says, voice only trembling a little before he turns and marches out of the room.Steve stares after him before he departs himself, bringing the ruined pages of the contract back upstairs. His lawyer will have to deal with this.And ultimately, it's fine. Embarrassing, sure, but neither Peggy nor her lawyer make a fuss. They don't demand anything extra, the deal remains fair and the marriage remains ended. In the end, Steve is a dick to someone who maybe didn't quite deserve it, and he's still divorced.Pepper contacts him later in the day, beginning the conversation with, "Did you fire a mail clerk?""Sure did," drawls Steve, because he is drained, and while there is a small part of him that feels a bit bad for the severity of his reaction, he feels it was justified. "He spilled coffee all over the mail he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Sub Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
BDSM
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Unsafe BDSM
No Safeword
Consent Issues
Other: See Story Notes
(Consent Issues are Implied)
(Due to an Initial Lack of Safewords)
(Which is Eventually Addressed)
(Please See Notes for More Information)
Ongoing Implied Consent
Eventual Explicit Consent
safe sex
Condoms
First Time
Virginity
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Subspace
Somnophilia
Restraints
Prostate Milking
Porn Watching
Anal Plug
Gags
Verbal Puppy Play
Humiliation
Name-Calling
Vibrators
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Subdrop
Aftercare
Sexual Fantasy
Sounding
Edgeplay
Cock Warming
Oral Sex
Chastity Device
Nipple Clamps
Hand Feeding
Spreader Bars
Feminization
Spanking
Lingerie
Exhibitionism
Possessive Behavior
Non-negotiated punishment
Under-negotiated Kink
Flogging
St. Andrew's Cross
Kink Negotiation
Safewords
Puppy Play
Collars
Cock Rings
Muzzles
Bondage
Domdrop
Meet the Family
Coming Untouched
Dry Orgasm
Rimming
Humbler
Ring gag
Sensory Deprivation
Breathplay
Barebacking
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Overstimulation
Inflatable Anal Plug
Cock & Ball Torture
Masochism
Sadism
cock sheath
spanking bench
Suspension Bondage
Voyeurism
Rope Bondage
Choking
Mile High Club
Making Love
Quickies
Shopping
Birthday Presents
Topping from the Bottom
Pining
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Seasickness
Break Up
Trying to move on
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Panic Attacks
Feelings Realization
Background Relationships
Natasha Romanoff/Becca Barnes-Proctor
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

