Chapter 1: cheer up, buttercup
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When you get paid to kill people for more than half of your life, you tend to lose a lot of friends. Trapped in a cycle of love and loss, the moment Wade got close to someone they would disappear. Leaving, dying, it was all the same. People would come and go. Mostly go.But not Spidey.Almost twenty years of kicking ass and Peter B. Parker hadn’t kicked the bucket.Years of team-ups had made the two of them a package deal. You fight Spider-Man—don’t be surprised when Deadpool shows up. And when you fight Deadpool, don’t be surprised if you end up vivisected. Well, at least that’s how it  used  to be. Working with Spidey meant a less lethal (fun) approach. Deadpool loaded his gun with rubber bullets...usually. On occasion he liked to play Russian Roulette with live ammo, just to say “  whoopsie”  when a real bullet busted some slimebag’s kneecap. Couldn’t blame him for it—old habits die hard.In the past, Deadpool and Spider-Man went on nightly patrols. It was the same ol’ routine: find some baddies, put them in their place, banter a bit, have a snack, call it a night. Sure, small details would change—like the amount of ass they kicked or if it was more of an ice cream kinda night or a hot dog night, but the point still stood that they were a near-inseparable duo. People on the street had even started referring to them as being “married.”If  only  that were the case.Last he had heard from Peter, it was the news of his divorce, or, at least the long process of divorce beginning. Something about signing papers, splitting up, arguments, blah, blah, blah. It was complicated. As much as Deadpool loved complicated, the intricacies of divorce weren’t exactly in his ballpark.Nightly team-ups had transformed into occasional meetups, and then finally not seeing each other  period . For once in his life, Deadpool respected Peter’s space, knew he needed time to sort things out.A sickening crack penetrated the night’s silence as Deadpool snapped a man’s neck. Another one bites the dust—cue sexy bass line! Besides, he deserved it. Just another forgettable thuggish stock-character. Plopping down on top of the lifeless body, Deadpool pulled out his phone and sent Peter a quick text. The guy had just moved into a new apartment—it was about time to throw a housewarming party. After some heavy coaxing and several heart emojis, Peter sent the address, telling Deadpool to give him an hour or two to get ready.Three eggplant emojis later, Deadpool hailed a cab and immediately headed to Peter’s new bachelor pad.After letting himself into the studio apartment, Deadpool stopped in the middle of the room and took in the scenery—lots of boxes to be unpacked;  pizza boxes, cardboard boxes, the place was just a  bungalow of boxes.A familiar hiss of shower water running and the faint hum of music led Deadpool to the bathroom. It was extremely hot and steamy, which he was  totally  into, but even  this  felt excessive. Blaringly loud music bounced off the walls and drowned the entire room with a thinking-about-dying sort of depressing song.“Brand New? Go figure.” In response to his voice, Spidey screeched. Deadpool grabbed the phone sitting near the sink and paused the music. ”I always thought you’d be more into Fall Out Boy when it comes to emo music. Color me surprised!”Ripping open the shower curtains, a wet, fully suited-up Spider-Man greeted Deadpool. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he shook his head at Deadpool before reaching for his towel.“Save the music recommendations for a mixtape, Wade.” Peter pulled off his mask and squinted at Deadpool. “How did you get in my apartment?”“Window. Obvious answer.”“Yeah, well, I said I needed some time. Needed some time to, uh,” Peter looked down at himself, still dripping wet in his Spider-Man suit. There really wasn’t a good explanation for what he was doing. “Well. Nevermind. Gimme a second to get dressed, okay?”“You know, I’m not a personal hygiene expert, but bathing with clothes on isn’t really a good way to get clea—”In a series of several slippery spidery movements, Peter pushed him out of the bathroom and slammed the door in his face.“Make yourself at home!” Peter called out from behind the door, annoyance dripping off his tone.Luckily, Deadpool was a master of making himself at home in places he didn’t belong.Wade pulled off his mask and flung himself onto Peter’s bed. After taking a long whiff of the pillow (maybe too long) he put his hands behind his head and made himself exceedingly comfortable.First thing he noticed: Peter’s entire apartment came straight from Sweden. Brimnes, Bekant, Örfjäll—good ol’ Ikea. Wade couldn’t blame the guy for having decent taste—all at an affordable price, too. Just as Wade’s thoughts started entering product sponsorship territory, Peter emerged from the bathroom.Looking at his friend in his current state was difficult. From his five
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter B. Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Shower Sex
Barebacking
Rough Oral Sex
Friendship/Love
Domestic Fluff
Fighting Kink
Semi-Public Sex
Oral Sex
Bipolar Disorder
Mania
Depression
Mild Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter B. Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

