Work Text:
Tony flexed his left hand a lot. Peter noticed that he did it more when he was tired or stressed. He usually took it as a sign to be a little more upbeat than usual, quietly steering Tony’s thoughts away from whatever was bothering him.
Tony’s fingers curled and uncurled, his mouth set in a hard line. Peter didn’t point it out—he’d learned the first time that mentioning it just made Tony quieter and more sullen—but he watched out of the corner of his eye.
He started to get more worried when Tony raised his other hand to his chest, rubbing at it as if in pain.
He was finally going to bite the bullet and ask, but FRIDAY beat him to it. “Sir, you are exhibiting the early signs of—”
“Quiet, FRI,” Tony sighed.
“Boss—”
“FRIDAY,” Tony snapped.
The AI fell silent, and Peter hesitantly turned away, focusing back on his chemistry homework.
He regretted it when a minute later, he heard a groan and the distinct sound of someone collapsing to the floor.
Peter whirled around, his heart jumping to his throat as he saw Tony sprawled on the hard floor of the lab, his face slack and flushed.
“Tony!” Peter cried, his voice breaking as he rushed to his mentor’s side. “Tony!”
“He’s having a heart attack,” FRIDAY informed him, her accent thick as her words rushed together. “I’ve already alerted medical.”
“What do I—what do I do?” he hiccupped, gripping frantically at Tony’s shoulders.
He couldn’t hear Tony breathing. He couldn’t hear his heart beating.
“Peter, you need to perform CPR,” FRIDAY instructed.
Peter knew how to give CPR. It was one of the three badges he’d earned in his seven months in Boy Scouts before Ben and May had no longer been able to afford it. But the instructions were for normal people—people who didn’t have to stop themselves from breaking everything they touched on a daily basis.
“I can’t,” Peter gasped, nearly hyperventilating. “I could hurt him.”
“It is common for ribs to break during CPR.”
“There’s a difference between broken and crushed, FRI! I could kill him!”
“He’s already dying, Peter,” FRIDAY urged. “We’re going to lose him!”
Peter whimpered, but he got in the position he remembered.
“Now!” FRIDAY barked.
Peter thought of the tempo he was supposed to stick to—staying alive, staying alive, please for the love of all that is good stay alive—and started to push.
He heard Tony’s rib snap on the third compression.
Peter jerked his hands back, choking slightly.
“Keep going. A little lighter.”
Tears blurring his vision, Peter resumed. It felt like he was barely pressing down, but with each downward thrust he could hear Tony’s heart beat one more time. One more. One more.
He was panting around his sobs, crying so hard he couldn’t draw in a real breath.
He broke another rib.
Peter let out a short yell of fear and desperation and guilt.
“Sixty seconds until the medics arrive. You can do it, Peter,” FRIDAY encouraged.
And for sixty seconds, with tears dripping down his face and onto his hands, Peter kept Tony’s heart beating.
“Please, please, please,” he chanted with every push.
He could hear the medteam as the elevator ascended, as it finally reached their floor.
“Please, please, please,” he whimpered.
One more beat. One more. One more.
Someone knelt on the other side of Tony’s body. Hands fitted right next to his own. The person was pushing with him, in the same rhythm, ready to take over. Another set of hands tried to gently shove Peter away.
Peter knew he could stop now. He’d just had to hold on until the medics arrived and they were here, but he was the only thing keeping Tony’s heart beating and he couldn’t just stop because Tony would die.
“It’s ok, kid, we’ll take over now,” the second medic said. He took Peter’s wrists and pulled them away, not even commenting when Tony’s shirt stuck to them until it ripped.
The other doctor, a young man whose mouth was set in a determined line, kept up the CPR. Peter could hear Tony’s heart pumping one more time. One more. One more.
Peter backed up and sat with his knees pulled up to his chest, watching in numb horror as the EMT’s brought out the defibrillators and shocked Tony once, twice, three times before they finally got a heartbeat. They shoved him on a back board and onto the gurney they’d brought and ran him back into the elevator. Peter listened to it go.
Then, realizing that Tony was gone, they had taken him, Peter bolted to his feet and down the seven flights of stairs separating Tony’s lab and the medbay.
“Where’s Mr. Stark?” he asked the first person he saw—a stern looking nurse with graying hair.
“Being taken care of. Sit,” she ordered, then disappeared behind the STAFF ONLY doors.
He sat, tears dripping unheeded down his face. He could still hear Tony’s ribs splintering under his hands.
At some point, Pepper appeared next to him. She looked at his face, her expression soft and compassionate, her eyes failing to hide her worry.
“Thank you, Peter,” she said quietly. Peter swallowed, opened his mouth to talk. No words came out.
Pepper seemed to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark has a heart attack
Heart Attacks
Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation
Crying
Father-Son Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

