Work Text:
Peter was sitting up in his bed with the blanket wrapped around him like a cocoon. He perked up when he heard the slight creak of his parent's door opening, followed by the soft creaking of footsteps on the floor. They were too light to be his daddy’s so it had to be his mom.The omega carefully peeked into the hallway and smiled when he saw the bathroom door shut. He darted out of his room, dragging his comfy blanket with him until he was able to slip into the master bedroom.A familiar shape was sprawled in the large king sized bed, a nicely toned arm flung across the empty space where his mom had slept.Excited, Peter climbed into the bed and wiggled his way beneath his daddy's arm. Instantly, the alpha pulled him in close, his larger body curling around Peter's while he slept.The omega held still, shivering in anticipation when his daddy's chin settled on his shoulder, his nose brushing against his nape. Peter breathed in, getting a healthy lungful of the alpha’s scent and his mother's coying omega one. His nose wrinkled at the intrusion, but Peter resolutely ignored it.Alpha's scent was just so familiar and comforting… It was intoxicating and made Peter feel so warm and cared for. Lately though, his alpha's scent started doing other things to him.His father's scent, even just a whiff of it, always had Peter slicking up instantly and this time was no different. The little omega squirmed in his father's embrace, turning to his side so that he could rub his bottom against Tony's groin.His dad was responding to his actions, breaths becoming deeper as the alpha shifted a bit so he could get closer to Peter's scent gland. Peter offered it up without any hesitation.A while ago, his daddy said his scent was starting to change. Maturing into that sweet, mouthwatering aroma that signaled to alphas that the omega was ready. Fertile.For now, his scent was very similar to his mother's and that actually made Peter pout because he wanted his daddy to think of him first, not his omega carrier. Daddy always kissed his pouts away, promising that he could tell the difference and that the alpha never confused them. He said he loved Peter the most.Peter could feel his alpha getting hard, the older man's hand slipping around his waist and lightly petting the sharp jut of his hipbone over the little shorts he wore. The omega got easily distracted by the soft breaths tickling his neck, the soft press of his daddy's lips... And because Peter was so caught up, he didn't realize his mom had returned until the door clicked shut.“Peter?” Her soft, confused voice came from the doorway.“'m not feeling well,” he said softly, wide brown eyes peeking out from under the covers.“Oh, sweetheart,” she said, sitting on the edge of the bed. “You're too big to be running to alpha whenever you're not feeling well.”Peter couldn't help but give an affronted whine at the statement.“How are you ever going to find an alpha of your own, hmm?” She teased gently, reaching out to pet his soft hair. “I know you think your daddy's the best, but you'll find your own mate one day.”Peter's response was to bury deeper into Tony's arms. He was pleasantly surprised when he felt his alpha's chest rumble with soft laughter against his back.“That's assuming I even let another alpha near this one,” Tony murmured with a sleepy yawn. His voice was rough from sleep, but his daddy sounded alert and awake.“Tony…” his mom sighed with exasperation.“Not feeling well, little omega?” Tony murmured into his ear, ignoring his wife.Peter nodded furiously, knowing that his father would play along with him.Beneath the blanket, he took hold of his alpha's hand and brought it to where his little cocklet had grown hard and aching. He had to bite his lip when his father took action, curling his fingers around it. Tony touched him, playing with Peter's cute little omega cock right beneath the blanket, unknown to his wife.“Why don't you sleep in the spare bedroom tonight, hon?” Tony suggested, “Baby boy seems to be catching something. Wouldn't want you to get it, too. Not when you have a big day tomorrow.”It was hard to pay attention now that his dad was playing with him. His alpha's erection was pressed, hot and ready, against his ass and his mouth watered at the thought. He just wanted to reach back and touch it, maybe rub the tip until his daddy's fluids were wetting his fingers. He couldn't though, not yet.His mom said a few more words and Peter waited impatiently, only behaving because Alpha was holding him, touching him. The older man's large, warm hand on his stiff erection was just enough to distract the poor omega. Even then, he knew he couldn't move the way he wanted to. The movements would look too suspicious and Peter wasn't letting go of his daddy for anything.Eventually, his mother decided to leave. She murmured a soft, “Love you, Petey. Alpha's going to take care of you, okay?”He made a soft sound of agreement, only peeking so he could watch her leave the room  w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Oral Sex
Oral Knotting
Face-Fucking
Deepthroating
Come Swallowing
Cheating
But not between Peter/tony
Dirty Talk
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

