Work Text:
There are certain things that are facts.It is a Tuesday.It is two o’clock.Bucky is standing in a small room tucked within a nondescript brick building in a neighborhood he doesn’t often frequent.The room is part of a series of rooms that line a narrow hallway—each door closed, waiting for someone like him to arrive. Open the door. Step inside.His heart climbs into his throat as he does just that, looking around and taking in the room. It's not what he expected. The lights are low, but warm, illuminating a space that reminds him of where someone might get a massage. Someplace comforting and safe. A cocoon. Four walls. Two with doors—the one he's just walked through, and one opposite. The wall to his left is covered with a spongy material that has been shaped into hundreds of identical cones.He steps forward and touches one. Squashes the foam to its smallest self before releasing and watching it spring back.Soundproofing. Makes sense.The wall to his right is much the same, save for two things: a black trunk on the floor and a square cut into the foam, where a pegboard is mounted. An incongruous pegboard, looking more as if it should be in someone’s craft room or workshop than here in this place. Except, that is, for the implements hanging from it; Bucky knows the name of every one.Cane paddle tawse birch belt brush crop strop. Intimidating in their inanimacy. 
 There are certain other things that are facts.Bucky is thirty.Bucky is single.Bucky has never been spanked.On its surface, this should not be such a shocking fact. Most people haven’t been spanked, nor do they spend much time focused on the absence of spanking in their day-to-day lives. Bucky is not most people.His parents never raised a hand to him; never even used the threat of physical punishment to keep him in line. Never needed to: he was a good kid. He has always been a good kid. Twelve years of school without one single detention. Decent GPA. Popular. Athletic. Queer. All facts. All things that he knows.Also, he has a spanking fetish.Such a small thing, yet a thing that’s become all-consuming.It started when he was little. He has a weird, early memory of sneaking out to the living room to watch television late one night. He’d flipped through the few cable channels they got and had come across an old movie where a cowboy dragged a woman across his lap and started walloping her backside. Bucky was ten or eleven, maybe, and he can still recall the jolt of electricity that shot through him at the sight of the cowboy’s arm around her waist. The way her legs kicked. The way his hand rose and fell.He’d rushed back to bed when the scene ended. Masturbated with intent for the first time in his life.Imagined himself as the woman.Wondered what it would be like to be held down.Bared.Struck.He'd come thinking about the shocked look on her face and decided he wanted to be her. Wanted to be made vulnerable. To give himself over to someone else's whims.Why? Hard to say. But isn’t that the point of a fetish?Still, as fetishes go, Bucky knows that spanking is not very adventurous. It's nearly socially acceptable, but only in specific contexts. Jokingly, self-deprecatingly. Never with any seriousness. To crave it the way Bucky craves it seems wrong, so he has gotten very good at hiding his desires.That wasn’t always the case. Throughout his adolescence, as the obsession had grown, any and everything he could find on the subject became fodder for his fantasies. Friends whose parents weren’t quite so liberal as Bucky’s folks? He’d press them for details on what happened when they were punished. No doubt they’d thought he was strange. They weren’t wrong.Old sitcoms and cartoons were prime sources of masturbatory material—Ricky and Lucy, characters in comic books, even Ross and Rachel in one memorable late-season episode of Friends. Those spankings were played for laughs, but for Bucky, they were proof that other people out there thought the way he did. Proof he wasn't alone.Eventually, there had been the internet. Searches that led him to pictures and, the holy grail, videos of bright red bottoms and teary-eyed faces. His late teens had brought his first foray into experimentation as a solo practitioner—one hand behind himself, hitting as hard as he dared, while the other hand rubbed one out.College came and with it his first real boyfriend, the two of them fumbling their way through awkward rutting with occasional bursts of pleasure.It hadn’t been enough for either of them, so that first boyfriend gave way to a second. A third. A fourth.Bucky had never been able to find the words to ask any of them for what he wanted. Instead, he would guide his partner’s hand lower. Lift it up and let it go as if they might pick up on what he needed without him having to say it.Some boyfriends had laughed. Others had let their hands hang in the air, missing the point entirely. A select few had given him a couple slaps accompanied by standard dirty talk about how he’d been
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
BDSM
Spanking
Paddling
Aftercare
Crying
Sex Work
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Subspace
Safewords
Id Fic
Let's be real honest about that

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

