Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Hi guys, so I had this idea and decided to type it up. It’s a Dark!Trio story which is something I've never tried before so I hope it’s ok! 
This is originally posted on FF.Net - so if you prefer that sight check it out there under the same pen name!

Disclaimer: Everything belongs to the amazing J.K. Rowling.

Warning: Blood, Gore, Torture, abuse.

 Of Lies and Deceit and Hidden Personas. 

 Chapter 1. 
 Harry Potter had finally had enough. He was sick and tired of everything, Sirius’ death had hammered another nail in the coffin but this letter from the esteemed headmaster had finally sealed it shut. 
Dear Harry,

I am sorry to have to inform you that you will no longer be able to correspond or interact with the Weasley’s and Miss Granger because of the threat this friendship pose’ on their lives. Only you alone can defeat the Dark Lord and once this task is completed I may allow you pick up the friendship. I have placed an extra ward around your house for protection which will stop all mail from being sent or received as it will be possible for someone to track. Because of this you shall not be leaving your relatives home until the start of term where someone will appear to take you to the platform 9 ¾ and when you arrive at school you will be given a private room so no one is placed in danger, I am sorry to place this burden on you my boy but you have a destiny that must be fulfilled.

Sincerest apologies,  

Albus Dumbledore.
 Harry was beyond fuming, he hadn’t trusted Dumbledore in a while now but this was a new level. His magic was whipping angrily around him and it seemed to be snapping things inside of him, memories flooded his mind and he watched with growing fury and he Ron and Hermione were repeatedly obliviated. Knowledge and truths poured in to him and a murderous all-consuming rage welled up inside of him making his magic crush things around him.“BOY!” CRACK, the sound of Harry Potter’s well-built control shattering in to a million pieces.“GET DOWN HERE YOU WORTHLESS FREAK!” His uncle screamed at him SMASH, the sound of Harry’s carefully built masks crumbling. Harry smiled, but it wasn’t an ordinary smile, it was dark, cruel, sadistic and more than half insane. Calmly he gathered his belongings and willed them to shrink, it wouldn’t do to be caught using his wand.“I TOLD YOU TO GET DOWN HERE FREAK!” Ignoring his other injuries that Harry had acquired, which was an alarming number, Harry gracefully walked down the stairs dropping his fake glasses on the way, with each step he took his appearence changed until he barely resembled Harry Potter as the world saw him. Dead hair morphed in to silky raven locks that fell in light waves, sickly skin became creamy and unblemished, skinny frame filled out and grew becoming toned and lithe, and finally dull green eyes brightened to an AK green and pulsed with a furious power; and if you looked closely you could see a trail of blood followed the teenage wizard.“Yes uncle Vernon?” Harry asked sweetly and received a full blown kick to the stomach and he heard one or more ribs crack.“What do you think you are doing making all that racket, it isn’t enough that you have to taint us with your freaking ways.” The whale like man hissed and Harry’s smile grew.“I'm sorry uncle Vernon I didn’t mean to.”“That’s not good enough boy.” Vernon grabbed his nephew by the hair and dragged him in to the kitchen to give him a good thrashing, he threw the boy to the floor and took of his belt but before he could strike the young wizard Harry turned.“No uncle Vernon I don’t think we will be doing that today.”                         “Why you-,”“Quiet pig.” Harry slashed his hand through the air silencing him, the man’s eyes went wide and Harry began to laugh which drew Dudley and Petunia in to the room.“Oh look the rest of the family’s here.”“What are you doing boy?”“I'm going to kill you now. Imperio,” Harry waved his hand and shot the spell at Vernon who got a glazed look, he picked up a knife and walked calmly over to his son, who screamed when he realised he couldn’t move, and stabbed him repeatedly spraying blood everywhere. Petunia was screaming for him to stop but he didn’t, he started to carve out he own son’s eyes much to Harry’s delight, the teen was covered in blood but he relished in it. When Dudley was dead Harry released the spell and watched as Vernon broke down in horror but Harry wasn’t done yet, he made Vernon pick up the knife again and carve filth on his wives back as she screamed out. He made him beat his own wife to death before he released him for the second time and Harry could help but giggle as Vernon cried.“No one can hear you uncle.” Harry picked up the dropped knife slished it viciously across Vernon’s face making him cry out.“It hurts doesn’t it?” Harry asked sweetly before he began slashing with a vengeance.“That’s it scream for me uncle. No one will help you uncle. I will end you uncle.” Harry cackled gleefully as he co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle | Harry Potter/Voldemort
Draco Malfoy/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Hermione Granger/Rabastan Lestrange
Ron Weasley/Blaise Zabini
Lucius Malfoy/Narcissa Black Malfoy
Bellatrix Black Lestrange/Rodolphus Lestrange

freeform: 
Torture
light bashing
mentions of abuse
Slash
Secrets
Death Eaters
Werewolves
Daily Prophet
Het
Violence
do not copy to another site
Dark Harry
Pureblood Politics
Slytherins Being Slytherins
Money and Power
Blood and Gore
Idiots in Love
Manipulations
Abuse of Power
love potions
Compulsions
Albus Dumbledore Being an Asshole
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
BAMF Harry Potter
Tom and Harry bonding
Media Manipulation
Wizengamot
Slow Burn
Kinda?
they are blind idiots
But they will see it eventually
I promise
Dark Trio
Possessive Behaviour

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle | Harry Potter/Voldemort
Draco Malfoy/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Hermione Granger/Rabastan Lestrange
Ron Weasley/Blaise Zabini
Lucius Malfoy/Narcissa Black Malfoy
Bellatrix Black Lestrange/Rodolphus Lestrange

