Chapter 1: Peter is worthy, and today is not his day
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was late. Like, really really late. To Peter, that was over an hour. He had went on patrol and lost track of time. He was sprinting down the street to try and get to the Avengers towers where Da-Mr.Stark was waiting for him. Peter winced as he realized he almost called Mr.Stark dad, after Homecoming and the Vulture, Mr.Stark and peter had gotten much closer, he tries not to remember but he knows that on more than one occasion he has called Mr.Stark Dad after hours in the lab.
peter smiled as he remembered Mr.Stark calling him his kid when he introduced him to Rhodey, Rodey still hasn't let him live that down. He knows that Mr.Stark doesn't mind him calling him dad, he even told peter that, but peter still felt awkward with it and would randomly switch from Mr.Stark to dad when he wasn't paying attention.

 Wham! 

Peter looks up from where he landed on the sidewalk, he stands up and offers his hand to the older man, Peter realized it was his bus driver Stan. "I'm so sorry Stan, I wasn't looking where I was going and I was trying to hurry because i'm late and-", Stan cut him off, "It's ok kid, Peter right?" he asked while raising one eyebrow. Peter rubbed the back of his neck and looked down, "yah, sorry again", Stan waved him off, oh don't worry about it, I've been through worse. Now, didn't you say you were late to something?" he questioned with a smirk.
Peter's eyes shot up and widened, "oh shi-shoot! Sorry, thanks Stan" he waves and runs off. Soon he arrives in front of the building and enters into the busy lobby of Avengers Tower, it was very modern looking. He walked up to the scanner and walked through. FRIDAY scanned him and let him in to the large elevator that started playing his elevator playlist that he chose a while ago. He didn't need a pass like other employees because Mr.Stark wanted him access to everything including his lab in case anything happened.
Peter pulled out some sheets that Mr.Stark and him were using to come up with new web formulas, right now they were working on corrosive webs. Peter looked at the formulas while FRIDAY played one of his favorite songs, Alexander Hamilton, and started to zone out. The elevators opened and he walked out, still looking at the papers in front of him so he didn't notice the group of superheroes that were staring at him, some pulling out guns and knives, preparing for a fight.
Peter walked into the kitchen and went looking for a his favorite snack, pop-tarts, but didn't see any. "Dad, where are my pop-tarts? If you ate all of them I will get FRIDAY to switch your lab music to the soundtracks of all my favorite musicals!" He yelled as he continued to look in the kitchen.
Finally, he gave up the search and walked into the living room to find out why Mr.Stark hadn't answered. When he went into the room he was met with the faces of THE AVENGERS... AND THOR! AND LOKI! (he's good now, somewhat). Natasha, Bucky, Wanda, Clint, and Steve all looked suspicious and slightly curious, Loki was looking at Thor and smirking, Vision was looking at him with confusion, Rhodey was looking at him with stifled laughter, Thor looked confused and slightly guilty as he held a mostly eaten box of pop-tarts, and Bruce was looking at him in surprise and slight intrigue.
Peter stood there gaping as he took in everyone and Thor holding his pop-tarts, he didn't see Mr.Stark anywhere and Rhodey looked like he was going to start laughing any second. Natasha stood up, holding a knife, and took a threatening step towards him, "who are you? What are you doing here" She said menacingly. Rhodey, seeing this, quickly got up and stepped between the frozen peter and THE BLACK WIDOW. "hey Nat, it's ok, this is Peter Parker, he's Tony's intern", he stated calmly. Every faced now turned to confusion and intrigue.
Suddenly, Bruce spoke up, "Who's his father? He was calling his dad in the kitchen?". Peter's brain didn't register the question, he was too busy fanboying because BRUCE BANNER was here! Peter's face turned to one of complete admiration, "Y-you're Bruce Ba-Banner!" He choked out. Bruce turned red and looked slightly sad as he looked down, "yah, i know, i'm the H-", "DR. Bruce Banner, the most renowned scientist in Gamma Radiation! I've read all of your works and i've even written projects about you in school, my favorite is your work on Gamma Radiati-", a laugh cuts peter off as he was about to ramble on, Bruce was looking at him in surprise and pure joy.
"Hey Underoos, I see you've met the team, and it's always nice for Brucie to know he's appreciated." Mr.Stark smirked, Peter had spun around to face him and gave him a half-hearted death stare that looked like an angry puppy. "Thanks for telling me the Avengers were here D-Mr.Stark" he said to Mr.Stark while rolling his eyes. Peter's face went red and he hoped nobody noticed his slip up.
Tony turned to look at everyone else and put and hand on his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Thor & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Intern Peter Parker
Intern Peter
Peter is Worthy
Worthy
Peter Parker is Worthy
spiderson
Irondad
Stan Lee Cameo
Field trips
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker can sing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Thor & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Loki & Peter Parker

