Chapter 1





Chapter Text

LITTLE LIST MAKES BIG WAVES

The World Health Organization, in conjunction with several groups (see page 3 for a full listing), has affirmed that their classification list will stand. Bearing in mind that renewed research is being done to isolate the gene that causes a classification, this list comes alongside a close examination of several laws in the U.S. that have shaped how Littles are to be treated. 

“It was a fine line to walk,” said Governor Nancy White in a press release yesterday. “We have to keep in mind that technically […] Littles are physically adults, and we have to afford them the rights that any U.S. citizen is given […] but at the same time, for their own health and safety, we have to look at giving them the appropriate care. Our country was not set up for this to happen, but now that it has we’re trying to make the best of it.

“We already had rules and laws in place, and the fact that all of us simultaneously remember how things were before doesn’t negate the fact that we still have to deal with this. And frankly, I think those laws came about for a reason. […] We are looking at history books, we’re looking at legal documents, we’re looking at everything. We’re asking for the public to have patience.”

When pressed, the governor added, “I do think, you know, that this is a better choice than the Decimation […] When I try to think seriously about the conflicting memories we all have, I do remember that moment of compelling grief when my daughter disappeared […] I would take just about anything over having to live a day without her.”

Several people criticized the governor’s statement for not taking into consideration all the changes. Political activist Jason Cartwright had this to say: “Yeah, of course she’s happy. Why wouldn’t she be? Nothing for her has changed. Her family is all normal. She doesn’t have to deal with it.”

Speculation over the laws, and potential amendments still to come, is running rampant. Right now, there is discussion over whether being a Little will be continue to be covered under the Americans with Disabilities Act, with the appropriate protection when it comes to employment, transportation, public accommodations, communications and access to state and local government programs and services. 

The Little classification list from the WHO is as follows:Baby – 0 – 24 monthsToddler – 2 to 4 yearsLittle Kid – 5 to 7 yearsBig Kid – 8 to 10 yearsPre-Teen – 11 to 13 yearsTeen – 14 – 19 years

Already criticism over the terminology is arising, and it goes without saying that the list will be amended in the near future. However, the ages seem firm. A representative of the WHO had this to say:

“We looked at the data we’ve compiled and this is what makes the most sense based on everything we’ve seen. This is still a work in progress, but having a broader scale of classifications makes it easier for everyone […] We may see the terminology change and evolve as time goes on. Maybe it was okay before, but now that we all remember a different world, do I think calling a physical adult a ‘baby’ is the wisest choice of word? No. But we have to work with what we have for the time being, and what we have is a lack of appropriate terminology within the English language.”

There is no word yet on whether or not mandatory testing will continue. For most of us, we’ve already been tested between the ages of six and twelve, as per the Little Care Act, and those results are public information. The government continues to issue a firm ‘no comment’ stance on questions pertaining to testing.

[continued on page 2]
Peter’s heart thudded in his chest as he navigated to to the next page. His eyes skimmed over the rest of the article, but it wasn’t anything helpful. To his eye, it was just a bunch of meaningless opinions from people who felt like they needed to have a say in what was going on. Most of the important data, what mattered to him, was neatly categorized on the first page. He swiped to go back, half-hoping that the article might have miraculously changed in the past twenty seconds. No such luck.He hunched his shoulders, taking a furtive look around the classroom. It was weird. He still had all his memories from the so-called old world. He could remember coming to class with Ned and Michelle and Flash and all of his other classmates. Peter had attended school with most of them since he was a kid. On the other hand, he had a conflicting set of memories from the 'new' world wherein about a quarter of his classmates had never actually come to school because they were Littles, and fell too young on the age range to be in high school.Their school had offered access to the guidance counselor, but Peter hadn't bothered to go. For one thing, the guidance counselor was struggling just as much as the rest for them. For another, Peter had an extra secret on top of anything else that he couldn't risk anyone getting suspicious of. In the old world, he'd turned to dust in T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
discussion of non consensual age play
alternate universe - littles are known
No Endgame Spoilers
World Change
Infantilism
thanos forced tony into age play
when tony changed the world back
he forgot to omit age play
so now people all over the world have to contend with age play as a normal part of life
dual sets of memories
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Implied Past Abuse
Protective Stephen Strange
Protective Peter Parker
Little!Tony
Baby!Tony
daddy!stephen
daddy stephen strange
Big Brother Peter Parker
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Diapers
bottles
Cribs
Cuddling
Pacifiers
Carrying
Crying
thumb sucking
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
tony is back into a corner here
the rogues pull some very not cool behavior
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective Pepper Potts
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark has PTSD

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

