Chapter 1



Summary:

Just an intro, really. Celebrity sighting, though.



Notes:
aaaaaahhh. I have no brain cells left this lovely day.




Chapter Text
 “That’s so cool!”Peter sighed for what felt like the millionth time that evening. Leaning from his web-hammock, he grabbed the web shooter from Ned’s hand and flipped it the right way so webs wouldn’t blast his best friend in the face. “Don’t break anything.””I know, I know. I promise I won’t.””’Cause if you do, Mr. Stark’s going to flip out on me.””I know. I won’t break anything.” Ned held the shooter in a very precarious position. “See? I’m your Guy in the Chair. I got this.”Ned had the Spider-Man mask pulled over his head, and the eyes’ lenses narrowed and widened as he examined the shooters. “Hook web, timer web, venom web...”Letting his legs dangle over the edge of the hammock, Peter watched his best friend act like a kid in a candy store. He knew from experience that Ned was repeating the names that the suit’s AI, who Peter named Karen, was telling him.Karen was chill. She didn’t report everything to Mr. Stark anymore, unlike FRIDAY. She was good to talk to and even gave him sweet, but often completely unhelpful, life advice.***Example: Just last weekend, Peter as Spider-Man was debating whether or not to check out the back alley a few blocks down, which was a little bit outside of his usual stomping grounds, when his spidey-sense alerted him to another figure on the rooftop next to him.Slowly, he turned, careful to keep his fingers poised over his web-shooters. Thanks to the suit’s night-vision, the figure on the opposite rooftop was in stark relief: a tall-ish guy, maybe 5’10”, 5’11”, built stocky and muscular. His clothing looked less like cloth and more like a red leather of some sort.His face, like Peter’s, was hidden beneath a mask. Two nubs stuck up from the forehead like ears. Or horns.It was Daredevil.Peter’s heart immediately started fanboying almost as much as the time he met Captain America. This was Daredevil, the original vigilante of New York City. Yeah, his methods were sometimes questionable, but he was AWESOME in Peter’s suddenly ten-year-old mind.”I wonder what he would do if I asked for an autograph?” Peter asked, mostly to himself, then giggled.Karen chose this exact moment to say, “He has many fans, but most of them are intimidated by him. It would probably make him feel admired if you asked.””No, Karen, I was kidding,” Peter hissed back, waving her off. He probably looked insane talking to himself, but no one was there to see. “I’m just gonna go over and say hey.””Would you like to rehearse your speech?” Karen teased. “You are awfully funny when you rehearse speeches.”“Oh my God, Karen,” Peter groaned. “Tell Mr. Stark to turn off Baby Monotor Protocol already.”He swung over to the building, landing lightly on the concrete. Daredevil stiffened slightly but didn’t move from his perch on the roof.Peter cleared his throat. “Uh. Hey.”Daredevil whirled around, dropping into a defensive stance. “Who the hell are you?” he growled.”Um.” Maybe this wasn’t the best time to ask for an autograph. “I’m Spider-Man. Big fan.” Ugh, he sounded so nerdy.Daredevil relaxed. “Oh. Okay. What’re you doing outside Queens, kid?”Peter stiffened at the word kid, but tried not to let it show. “I’m, uh, patrolling. Also, I love how you tied up those guys robbing the bank last week.””I didn’t tie them up,” Daredevil replied. “I knocked them out.””Right. That’s what I meant.”Long awkward pause. Dangit, Karen. I will never listen to you ever again. “I’ll, uh, just go.””Right.” Daredevil turned his back on Peter, resuming his rooftop vigil. Peter stood awkwardly behind him, then turned and jumped off the roof, webbing his way to the next building.***From then on, he took advice from Karen sparingly.“This suit is so cool,” Ned sighed, flopping back on the bed. “You’re so lucky you get to hang with the Avengers.””Yeah.””Why aren’t you more excited about it? Aren’t you guys friends?” “Yeah, sorta, but they don’t know about...” Peter waved at himself, not really sure how to phrase it. “All of this.””What?” Ned asked, not looking at Peter as he focused intensely on the shooters. “That you’re a huge nerd?”Peter sighed and flopped back into the hammock. “No, Ned. Not that.””Oh.” He heard as Ned set down the shooters. “They don’t know?””No.”Peter’s big secret wasn’t really a big secret. Anyone who’d known him for more than a few years (i.e. Flash, Ned, a bunch of other kids at his school) had only known him as a “him” for a short while.Peter was a guy. Had always been one, really, but the rest of the world didn’t see it that way. They could only see past what his body said, and if his body was the body of a girl, then well, shit, he’s gotta be a girl, right?Coming out to Aunt May had been the parental reaction that everyone dreamed of having. The moment he thought he’d gotten enough courage to talk to her, his vocal chords had shut down. Typical, Peter.Seeing that so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Fluff and Angst
Team as Family
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Character
BAMF Michelle Jones
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
IronDad and SpiderSon
Field Trip
Deaf Clint Barton
Internalized Transphobia
Awesome May Parker
Team Bonding
Clint Barton is a Little Shit
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Interns & Internships
Avengers Tower
Drabble
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Team Dynamics
Meme Lord Shuri
Bullying
Natasha takes no shit
The Avengers won’t give Peter a break
double assassins
There's A Tag For That
or there should be
Transitioning
Ass-Kicking
Tags May Change
Training
Embarrassment
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Ambushes and Sneak Attacks
TKO
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Secret Identity
hand waving at complicated tech
author is a humanities person
not stem
pretend the science is better

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

