Chapter 1: ‘Lauren Potter’, Lily Evans, and Their Child
    




Chapter Text
All Asgardians were banned from traveling to Midgard outside of official missions from the King.  When Loki and Thor were taught this lesson the young Princes had two very different reactions.  Thor grumbled but ultimately accepted whereas Loki became lacked onto to the idea of one day he would go and see Midgard for himself.  Because rules were only to be followed by people who weren’t clever enough to get away with breaking them.  People like Thor.  Which is why, while Loki often starred in his brother’s adventures, the Thunder God was rarely invited to take part in Loki’s.At only three hundred years of age the dark haired prince discovered the secret of the portals which connected Asgard to the other eight realms through the Yggdrasil, World Tree.  Finding them set Loki free to explore the nine realms.  He thrilled in knowing he went where he wished without needing to ask his father’s permission.  That his actions were unaccounted for made his freedom all the sweeter.Midgard was just as undeveloped as his studies led Loki to believe but there was something to spending time among people who valued his skill with magic.  Some of the simplest tricks would leave those he met in awe.  Of course Loki had to restrain himself from showing the true berth of his abilities.  He couldn’t be too showy or risk drawing attention which may reveal his true identity.  Still, it was nice for his talents to be appreciated when his studiousness and pursuit of the magical arts drew sneers, jests, and judgment from the ignorant warriors of Asgard.Unfortunately the enacting of the Statue of Secrecy changed this.  No longer were magicals allowed to practice where they pleased.  While Loki had not relish having to hold himself back in order to pass as a mortal wizard it had been acceptable.  Having to walk about pretending to be a mundane human chaffed.  Being shackled in this way made Midgard loose some of its shine for Loki.  Fortunately the rest of the universe provided ample distraction as at over a thousand years of age Thor and Loki were now permitted to leave Asgard on missions for their King Father and adventures through which they were meant to gain experience and burn off some of the ‘recklessness of youth.’Loki still tried to visit Midgard from time to time.  Every decade or so, though occasionally it stretched out to twenty years or more.  That is until the Migardian ‘muggles’ started inventing and progressing at surprising speeds.  When it seemed they were finally making moves towards advancement Loki found himself visiting more often to bear witness to this progression.As with many cultures war helped to encourage the muggles innovation.  Their second ‘World War’ caused some interesting developments indeed.  The majority of the wizarding world was focused on their latest Dark Lord, one Gellert Grindelwald.  Loki was unimpressed with the wizard.  But, his attention had been captured by the creation of the ‘Red Skull’ by Dr. Abraham Erskine.Some of the more intelligent magicals had the presence of mind to see a threat and opportunity when one presented.  They kept close to Dr. Erskine while Loki was forced to keep his distance.  He knew that many out in the cosmos turned their eye to such dramas for entertainment and escape from their own lives much as he experienced through his visits.  It would not do for any of these viewers to become aware of him because Loki indulged his curiosity.  With the Doctor’s next attempt at making a super soldier on the horizon Loki avoided the temptation by going off on a quest with Thor, his Warriors Three, and the Lady Sif.  But when it was over he hurried back to earth to find out what had happened.  It was then that Loki learned of Dr. Erskine second creation.  One ‘Captain America.’As the war carried on Loki kept an eye on these two metahumans but when the Captain and the Skull were lost it didn’t kill Loki’s interest in the muggles and their progress.  The same could not be said for Midgard’s magical peoples who’s culture and advancement had become all but stagnant.  Contrasting them against the potential their muggle counterparts were proving humans to have was depressing.  It became clear to Loki that when a time of conflict came between these two the magicals would loose. Rather than driving Loki away he found himself more drawn to Midgard for it.  Loki reveled in looking for the hidden gems of experience and knowledge that Midgard had to offer before they were lost to the ever turning wheels of time.   By the Midgardian calendar the year was 1979 when Loki came across one such gem who changed his destiny.Another war was taking place on Midgard though this was hardly surprising given how often they came into conflict with each other.  This particular civil war was taking place in the Wizarding World.  There was a new Lord using much the same rhetoric as his predecessor Grindelwald to proclaim the super
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Voldemort
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Rating May Change
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Pairings not yet decided
AU
James is not Harry's father
Harry Potter is Loki (Marvel)'s Child
Absentee Father Loki
Non-Human Harry Potter
Demigod Harry Potter
Female Harry Potter
Not So Evil Voldemort (Harry Potter)
Secret Identity
Seer Harry Potter
Jotunn | Frost Giant Harry Potter
Asgardian Harry Potter
Half Human Harry Potter
Loki is half Jotunn and Half Asgardian
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Cedric Diggory Lives
Dobby (Harry Potter) Lives
Sirius Black Lives
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Families of Choice
Loki gets redeemed
The Fates Are Not Friends
Eventual Advisary Fates

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Voldemort
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

