Work Text:
They were about fifty miles from Atlanta when Sam stirred and yawned awake in the passenger seat. “Morning,” Steve said: the sun had come up, but the two-lane road was still pretty empty, a little morning mist hanging low over the asphalt and in the trees.Sam squinted out the window at a passing sign. “We’re near Canton? Since when did we head south?”“Since I got a call from Natasha about four hours ago,” Steve said. “Reliable sighting of a man with a steel hand in southwest Atlanta. He broke up a fight in a bar parking lot—beat up some of the guys on one side, put a couple of them in the hospital.” He made himself say it calmly, easily; he wasn’t going to believe just yet. Most of the witnesses had probably been drunk. But in his gut, he couldn’t help hoping. It was Bucky all over, wading into a fight that wasn’t his, maybe because he saw some little guy getting his ass kicked. The news was four days old, but that was a ten-year improvement on the next-freshest lead they’d found so far. “Sounded worth following up.” He jerked his chin at a billboard for a roadside joint a few miles away, saying People say we haven’t kept up with the times, but we’re open 24 hours a day. “Want to stop for some coffee?”Sam shook his head, yawning and twisting side to side in the seat to loosen up. “Nah, keep going. We’re going to have to stop anyway, closer to the city. I should’ve warned you about Atlanta.”“What?” Steve said, shooting Sam a look. “You think there’s some kind of Hydra base here?”“No, dude, my grandmother’s here,” Sam said. “We’ll get breakfast at her place.”“She won’t mind us just showing up?” Steve said.Sam snorted. “We don’t show up, my life will not be worth living. Oh,” when Steve laughed, “you think that’s funny? I’d be hearing it for the next five years. ‘Please pass the grits, Grandma,’ at Thanksgiving and I’ll get ‘You sure? I figured you didn’t like ‘em that much, seeing how you couldn’t be bothered to stop in and get some.’”“How would she know if you don’t tell her?” Steve said, but he was grinning. He’d known guys with family like that: if you got a furlough and didn’t come home, you’d better have been bleeding in a ditch somewhere.“Remember that guy who tweeted that photo of us from Boston last week?” Sam said. “It showed up on her facebook fifteen minutes after it went up. No way am I taking a chance like that. I have cautionary tales. My cousin Mark, he went to Cancun instead of coming to the family Christmas three years ago, and he hasn’t had a piece of my grandma’s pecan pie since. She doesn’t bring it out until he’s in another room and there are enough mouths around that it’s all gone before he gets any. My people know how to make you regret your misdeeds.”“Okay, then,” Steve said, smiling. “Breakfast at your grandmother’s place.”#The house was out in the suburbs of the city, in a quiet neighborhood on a quiet street. Steve climbed out of the car and looked around, feeling oddly out of place and comfortable at the same time. The house looked big to his eyes, but he was pretty sure that was the city kid in him; it wasn’t fancy or anything, just a nice place, a lot like the houses on either side, with grass and trees and a simple front yard. Ordinary, in a good way; a place that was about family.There didn’t seem to be a lot of families around his place in D.C.: sometimes you saw strollers with little kids in them being pushed on the street, or college kids, but not much in between. Playgrounds but no kids running around loose in the street playing stickball and yelling. He hadn’t noticed before how it made things feel wrong. Here, maybe there weren’t any kids running around outside right this minute, but you could still feel their presence: a football lying half-buried in the grass, a couple of toys on the front step.Sam was ringing the bell, and there was a commotion from inside the house; four women across a range of ages coming out to hug him, and he could hear kids’ voices, raised, “Uncle Sam! Uncle Sam!” a bunch of them yelling at once, and when Sam turned around again, a big-eyed two-year-old girl with tight braids had gotten attached to his neck. “Hey, man, come up here. Grandma, I brought my friend Steve for breakfast.”They ate with eight people all told: Sam’s grandmother, Ruth; his aunt Lena who lived with her, and Lena’s daughters both visiting with their kids for the weekend. Breakfast was eggs, two kinds of ham, bacon, homefries, biscuits, gravy, “Would you boys eat some chicken-fried steak? Maybe I’ll make some,” and both of them saying they were full, which didn’t stop the steak from appearing about fifteen minutes later, hot cakes, and coffee; and the cheese grits, which were more than good enough to be worth a visit. More kept getting dished out. Steve ate for about an hour straight and finally had to give up with food still on his plate, the first time since the serum that had ever happened. Sam was already sprawled back in his chair refusing fourths.“Well, if you’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Family
Road Trip of Justice

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

