Work Text:
When the medical staff have stopped looking grim and worried, when they've finally removed Clint's IV, forced him to drink one last Ensure and issued him with a printout of a diet plan, a short curvy sub with a retro-forties wave to her bobbed hair turns up with orders to take him to another building. She's cheerful and somewhat of a chatterbox, and she doesn't seem to expect him to offer her more than the occasional tight smile, so for the ten minutes they're in each other's company, they get on fine.The sign on the wall of the corridor says Orientation, and Clint knows like a sucker punch that it's nothing to do with getting a welcome pack, having to sign a whole stack of legal documents, or watching a badly made health and safety video. Not that he's ever had a job that required any of those things, but he's aware that they exist. Just that word, stark and impersonal, and his body's locked in place, frozen in the middle of a hallway that smells of cheap synthetic carpeting and instant coffee.“Hey, it's okay,” the woman says. He'd forgotten she was there the moment his ears started to ring and the world went a little grey at the edges. “You've had a rough time, I get it,” she says, and twitches up the edge of the suede cuff on her right wrist. There's a thick band of gnarled scar tissue there, deep, old enough to be glossy white. “I get it,” she repeats, low and serious. “But the department; they're good people. If they weren't, I'd be breaking you out right now.”“Seriously?” Clint asks. His voice cracks. He tries to remember when he last spoke aloud, but his memory's shot.“I'm good at exit strategies. Haven't met a cage yet I couldn't get myself out of, given enough time,” she says proudly.“Okay,” Clint says eventually, and steps through the door.*There's a camera in the corner of the bedroom ceiling. He hones in on it instantly. He knows what to look for, and his eyesight's too sharp to miss the wink of the lens reflecting light.“There's a twenty-four hour watch, in case of self harm,” the doctor tells him smoothly, when she realises what's caught his attention. “You're not being recorded, and no one outside of this department can watch the feed, not even Director Fury himself.”“I'm not going to hurt myself,” Clint says. “I'll be good.”“You already are good, Clint. The cameras, the program, and your schedule here aren't based on merit. They're to give you the tools you need for the world outside,” she says.“Sorry,” he says reflexively.“You never have to apologise, either. Not unless you want to,” she says, and leaves him to get his bearings.Given that it's just four walls and a bed, it takes longer than he thinks it should.*The first word they tell him he has to learn is no.It sounds so easy, so simple, until they arrange for one of the department Doms to step one foot inside the room, and he's automatically down on the floor so fast he overturns a chair and skins a knee on the carpet. The pain doesn't sharpen his mind at all, just makes everything wash out into a thick soup of hazy awareness.There's a bite of lemongrass in his nostrils and the fog clears. Someone's holding a scent bottle under his nose, and the clock tells him that he's lost twenty minutes.“Christ,” he hisses, gritting his teeth to stop them chattering as he trembles through the drop.“Back with us?” the doctor asks, and when he nods, she gives a kind smile and caps the bottle.They try it again, and when he's only out of it for fourteen minutes this time, he gets a holographic sticker and an enormous ginger cookie covered in a thick layer of tart lemon frosting and silver cachous.When Clint frowns in bafflement, she admits, “I used to work with kids. And when I switched to working with adults, I found that they got the same benefits from non-sexual and non-orientation based reinforcers. So I'm not going to use orientationalist language to reward you, or culture a subspace reaction. Those are things we'll address in your de-sensitisation, but they're not a part of my technique. They're really nice,” she says, nodding at the uneaten cookie in Clint's hand. “I made them yesterday.”She reaches into the jar and pulls out one for herself, and takes a large bite. It's the reassurance Clint needs, and he dares to nibble the edge of his own.*Stop is the second word they want him to work on. It's like walking uphill, through half-set cement.It takes seven sessions before he can eventually croak out the word in the presence of the Dom. He's sweating hard, on his knees, his hands flat on the floor. He's halfway to subspace, he can't bring himself to lift his head no matter what he does, but he says it.He gets a violently pink jumbo cupcake with purple frosting and a blue candle on it.The doctor shrugs. “It was my niece's birthday.”She lights the candle even though they're both smiling like they know it's ridiculous, and Clint doesn't care.He blows it out, and wonders what to wish for.*He learns I don't want to even though he's battling ni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Original Character(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
D/s-verse
Recovery
Consent Issues
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Past Abuse
Forced Submission
Submission
Therapy
Triggers
empowerment
Mind Control
Past Mind Control
Reprogramming
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Night Terrors
Dom/sub
Subdrop
Sub Clint
Sub Clint Barton
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Clint Barton
Hurt Clint
Gen Work
Confrontations
Altered Mental States
Dehumanization
Hopeful Ending
Past Rape/Non-con
Flashbacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Food Issues
Comfort Food
Cookies
Behaviour Modification

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Original Character(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

