Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There were procedures for what the asset was supposed to do in case of capture, drilled into his head like all other procedures, as something inescapable and inarguable. If the asset was captured, he was to try to escape if possible. If that wasn't possible, then he was to resist any torture and refuse to give away any information about his mission, his handlers, his history, or anything else he was asked. If resisting interrogation wasn't possible, then he was to kill himself.
Attempting escape had failed. After the second attempt, his captors had ensured he would not have the opportunity to make another attempt. Resisting interrogation had been much easier. There had been some attempts to beat information out of him, a period of minimal food and lack of sleep in an effort to weaken his resolve, and repeated rounds of questioning, but nothing they had done to him came even close to the punishment the asset would face for failing to adhere to protocols. Silence had been easy.
They had subjected the asset to medical tests, drawing blood, running scans, injecting him with substances, but nothing had been as painful or intrusive as the standard tests he had received at the hands of Hydra.
But then he had been left alone.
The interrogations had stopped. The tests had stopped. He had simply been left in a cell, empty except for a metal toilet that was fixed to the wall. Food was delivered through a chute longer than his arms and too narrow to pass through. He disposed of the empty containers through a similar chute, and any attempt to do otherwise resulted in lack of food. No one entered the tiny cell. No one questioned him. No one did anything.
He wasn’t sure what to do now.
He had tested the possibilities and concluded that escape was impossible unless circumstances changed. He couldn’t resist questioning because he was no longer being questioned. He couldn’t kill himself because he was not given anything which could be used to that effect, and even if he was, he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to kill himself. He was a valuable asset and was only supposed to kill himself if the alternative was to give up secrets, which was in no danger of happening.
He was supposed to endure.
But for how long?
The asset had been trained on silence, on stillness. He could sit for hours, waiting for a target to be in the perfect position for a shot. He could wait for orders, barely giving any sign that he was alive or aware. But those periods would always have an end. The target would arrive or the mission parameters would change. The orders would come.
No one was giving him orders now.
He didn’t know how to cope without orders.
He didn’t know exactly how long he had been in this cell. The meals came through at regular intervals but the asset could not be certain how far apart they were. He suspected that he was fed twice a day. Based on that and his sleep cycle, he could make an estimate of days.
He believed he had been in this cell for two hundred and seventy three days. His calculations about the duration of his previous period of capture, before the solitary confinement had begun, were harder because of the medical testing and because routines were less predictable, but he suspected it had been for nearly as long.
The asset wanted to know if he would be kept in here until his body broke down. He wasn’t allowed to want, and a part of him was afraid of the punishment for this small digression, but another part of him would have welcomed it. At least punishment would be something different. He wasn’t sure how long he could endure this silence, this nothingness.
He found himself wishing for the tube, for the periods of nothingness when he was unaware of the world. Being frozen would be better than this. 
***
"Steve," Fury said, and Steve knew that this conversation would be a serious one. Fury called him Cap or Rogers or Captain Rogers, but only very rarely did he use his first name.
"Nick," Steve said, unable to resist using the first name to mirror Fury, stressing the tone to emphasise it and then instantly wondering if he'd made a mistake. He stood in Fury's office, half expecting to get a dressing down for speaking informally to a superior officer. Shield wasn't exactly a military organisation but there were a lot of similarities and addressing the head of Shield by his first name probably wasn't acceptable behaviour, even though the world he'd woken up in seemed a lot less formal than the one he was familiar with.
"I wanted to bring you in on a project that has been something of a problem for me."
"What sort of project?" Steve asked, hoping it was a real mission and not more of those ridiculous videos he'd been expected to record encouraging kids to do their best. It had felt like everything he'd ever hated from his SSO days all rolled up into one neat, hypocritical package. It was all well and good telling kids to exercise and respect the rules, but he'd got to where he was by lying on enlistment 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The First Avenger
Prisoner Bucky
Prison
Solitary Confinement
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
mentions of past bullying
Slow Burn
Injury
Oblivious Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

