Work Text:
Bucky doesn't mean to keep Steve waiting. It's just that at the beginning, he isn't even Bucky, and by the time he is ready to call himself that almost a year has gone by – a year he spent in hiding, well-aware that he was being chased but he was too good at staying under the radar, didn't even have to consciously make an effort most of the time. He knows why now too, he knows a lot of things about himself by that point and that's why he doesn't immediately go to Steve then. He might have regained his memory and, to a point, himself, but that doesn't mean squat if he can't live with himself.He does, though, he does live with himself because no matter how much he sometimes doesn't want to, he knows that one, he deserves no easy exit like that and two, Steve certainly doesn't deserve Bucky doing that to him. So he doesn't. But he still doesn't go to Steve until he has sorted himself out enough to not feel like he's dropping all his baggage at Steve's door, expecting him to deal with all the shit.By the time he considers himself ready, sixteen months have passed since the Potomac – since the collapse of HYDRA and SHIELD, rather, but to Bucky, what will always stick out in his memory is Steve looking at him and giving up. Even to his empty, messed up mind that had seemed wrong and months after the fact he had shook with belated nausea at the memory. But Steve was fine, was with the Avengers, and he was safe there so Bucky had felt that it was okay for him to take his time.Except he's done with that now, and Steve lives in one of the top floors of the safest building on the planet, so sneaking in through his bedroom window is sadly out of the picture. Fun as it might have been.No. Truthfully, Bucky knows that this is no laughing matter, but he figures if he can't treat the things that aren't dead serious as fun he can't treat anything as fun, and he prefers to take things easy where he can. There aren't many easy things in his life left, but Steve might be – hopefully – one of them. Unless he's making assumptions here, but he hopes he isn't.There is no point in sneaking, so Bucky doesn't bother. He saunters through the front entrance up to the receptionist's desk, smiles at her and says, "James Buchanan Barnes here to see Steve Rogers."She raises one eyebrow at him and looks him coolly up and down; either she's questioning his choice of attire – he's wearing jeans and a dark blue shirt, hair done up in a somewhat messy bun, nothing bad – or she's criticizing his choice of pranking her. Probably both, come to think. She opens her mouth, one eyebrow already quirking up in derision, when she suddenly goes still, gaze turning unfocused. "Yes, sir," she says after a moment, speaking into her headset, and when she next looks at Bucky she's all professional politeness, if a little more pale and a little more startled curiosity underneath. "The most left elevator is ready for you, sir," she tells him, gesturing towards the elevators.Bucky winks at her, or maybe at whatever security camera is aimed at him. "Thanks." Then he turns around and saunters over to the elevators. It's the one whose doors never open, at least not to the common folk, but when Bucky steps up to it it dings and opens like the other elevators. A few people send first it, then Bucky a startled glance but before they can do much more than that he's already stepped inside and the doors are closing again. Without Bucky's doing anything, the elevator goes up.Hands in his pockets, he leans against the back wall and looks around curiously. There are no buttons, he notes, but there is a keypad and scanner, so probably-"Good afternoon, Sergeant Barnes," a male voice floats from speakers in the ceiling. This must be JARVIS; he's read about it when he researched the tower and Tony Stark individually, as he did all Avengers."It's just Mister, I think," he replies. "Been a while since I was military.""Indeed," presumed JARVIS says. "If you could submit to a scan, please."They keypad glows to life. Bucky isn't really surprised that they have his fingerprints and doesn't hesitate pressing his right hand to the scanner's surface. His retina scan they can't have, but he still doesn't protest and just lets them take it. It's not unreasonable to take precautions and if it makes them feel safer, all the better."Thank you for your cooperation," presumed JARVIS says once the scans are complete."Hey, I came here, can't get more cooperative than that, can you?" Bucky replies with a shrug, settling back against the wall with his hands in his pockets. The elevator ride, for all that it spans several dozen floors, doesn't last for much longer; all too soon there is a soft ding and the doors slide open.Bucky isn't ready. The realization is sudden but no less true for it and he hesitates for a second, but not for longer than that. What, he came all this way, exposed himself like this only to chicken out now? Fuck that.He pushes himself off the wall and saunters out of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Bucky Barnes Returns
Fluff
Bucky is a little shit

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

