Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark groaned for the fifteenth time for that day. It might have been, because of the meeting he is currently attending but pays little attention to. Not that he doesn’t care how his company is doing, but listening to Pepper’s monologue about statistics for the board of directors just bore him to death. His dad always said that one day he will be the owner and leader of the Stark Industries, and he did become one at a relatively early age of thirty. More than a decade later he cares little about the trivial details, that’s why he entrusted Pepper with the tasks of a CEO. True fact, they actually share this duty, but he truly believes, Pepper Potts is one of the most talented person in the entire Stark Industries.“You could have been more subtle about your boredom, you know” said Pepper after the meeting on their ways back to the office. “When you yawned, I thought you’ll actually fall asleep.”Tony looked at her apologetically.“I wouldn’t do that to you, you know that.” Pepper rolled her eyes and hugged Tony as they parted at Tony’s door. “Oh, by the way” she turned back on her heel “don’t forget to read through the contract I sent to you!” Tony sighed. “I’m not kidding! Those are very important, read it and tomorrow we’ll look through it.”Then she turned and waved goodbye.Tony sank into his chair and rubbed his eyes. He needed some relief.An hour later he was finally at home, slurping some whiskey in front of his computer. There was that document Pepper sent him with the contract, but he did not have the mental strength to actually open it. He was too uptight, too distracted by his thoughts. He really needed some stress relief, and he knew what his body needed.It was not long ago, he discovered a website full of beautiful, young boys’ videos, where they did most everything in their videos for their audiences. The streamed their sessions and if the audience liked what they saw, they could send donations. During live streams, viewers could comment on the videos in a chatroom. Tony knew what he liked, and tonight he craved someone pretty, innocent-looking. He scrolled through the boys with interest when HE caught his attention.A red, spiderweb patterned mask hid the upper half of the boy’s face, but Tony saw almost everything to know, this will be the one. He seemed young, but not too young. Lean muscles were stretching under milky white skin, not a single unwanted hair on his body except for that slightly wavy, chestnut colored fluff of hair, which framed a pair of beautiful deep-brown eyes (be damned that mask, that hid the cutest blush in the history of mankind). The boy’s lips were rosy pink and impossibly perfect, free of any artificial gloss or lipstick. Tony has never clicked this fast on the Play button in his entire life. The video started playing and he perceived an angelic, honey-sweet voice. The boy was talking about his casual day with his friends, and how he missed being in front of the camera, but it could be about anything, Tony would still listen to him, as he found himself enchanted by the soft melody of the boy’s voice. It was a saved video, so there were quiet parts, but Tony knew, it must not be long before the boy gets to the main point. Giggling to himself, the boy started to undress himself in front of the camera.“Thank you xXHentaiManXx, I appreciate the donation” he said as he removed his lightblue sweater. Tony watched in awe as the boy threw the piece of clothing away and stroked his prominent collarbones.Tony swallowed as he followed the movements of those delicate fingers.  “What do you guys think, should I undress myself fully now?”  The boy asked, his lips curving into an all-knowing sly smile. He knew exactly what his audience wanted. He teasingly slowly discarded his shorts and underwear together, never looking away from the camera, like he was looking Tony right in the eye. The older man didn’t even realized, that he started to rub himself through his pants. He unzipped and pulled the pants lower to free his achingly hard, leaking erection as the boy in the video started to do the same. His pink little cock was as cute as he was, and was dripping wet.“What shall it be guys?” The boy asked the audience.  “Should I come like this, or should I use one of my toys?”Of fucking course, he had toys! Tony groaned at the thought, and he did not have to wait long for the continuation. The audience must have chosen the toys, because the angelic boy giggled and shifted to reach for something out of the camera’s view. A few seconds later, he returned with a moderately big, purple dildo and slicked it up with lube (where did that come from?).The boy turned his back to the camera and fell onto his elbows and knees. With a free hand, he teased his hole a bit, and he sunk two fingers in. Tony shivered at the sight.“Ah… Guys, I’m still a little loose from yesterday’s session” Tony made a mental note to search for that video, but for now, he concentrated on this b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Camboy Peter Parker
Voyeurism
Dildos
Daddy Kink
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
bullet vibrator
Panties
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Or not... does it count if it's a video sent by one of them
buttplug
Semi-public masturbation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

