Chapter 1: Wish 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“We just need something to elevate your apartment from dingy and old to full of mysterious character,” Anne said as she stepped between shelves and cabinets stacked with antiques.

Eddie followed, keeping his arms close to his sides, afraid his broad shoulders and wayward elbows would knock a litter of porcelain kittens to the threadbare carpet. “And what, pray tell, do you think would achieve 

that

?”

“This.” She picked up a jewellery box painted with swans, her lips pursed happily. “For your bracelets.”

“Is that what you do with your pretty things?” he asked, opening the lid. A tinny tune started to play.

“Wouldn’t you like to know.” She snapped the lid closed on his fingers with a wink.

He drew back, pretending it hurt far more than it did as he pressed his fingers to his lips.

“Aww.” She squeezed his arm, and he wasn’t sure if it was supposed to be comforting or punishing. Maybe she was checking out his bicep. He could only hope. “Ooh, I like that.” She pointed over his shoulder.

He turned too quickly and bumped the shelf. A gunmetal silver lamp tipped over and fell. Fumbling, he caught the handle on his pinky finger, then clutched it to his chest. “Crap.”

“Eddie!” Anne whisper-shouted.

“Oh! You’ve found my magic lamp.” The antiques dealer popped up beside them, her tangled dark hair swaying. “It only just arrived. Hasn’t been opened for centuries. No one knows the incantation.” The note of wonder in her voice and her tattered clothes made Eddie want to give her all his money.

“So the lid’s stuck?” Anne tugged at the teardrop bulb on top of the lid.

The antiques dealer laughed. “Sure. If you mean sealed shut with magic.”

“I like it,” Eddie said, peering at the intricate webbing pattern on its gleaming surface. “There’s a funny blue guy in here, right? He’ll grant me three wishes?” He grinned.

“Oh, Disney sure likes to sugar coat things,” the dealer wagged her finger. 

She wandered away from them, and Anne pressed her lips together in barely suppressed laughter. 

“I mean, it looks cool.” Eddie tipped it to and fro. 

“Don’t let her sting you with the price.” Annie whispered.

“I won’t.” He sauntered past her.

“Really?” Annie was wry and disbelieving.

They approached the counter, where the dealer was rifling through age-stained pages with nimble fingers.

“Ah! Here it is!” She held a page aloft. It was stamped with a black seal and signed in sprawling handwriting. “Certificate of authenticity from none other than Earl Vincent Dubney.”

“Who?” Anne set the jewellery box on the counter and got out her phone, pulling up Google.

Eddie placed the lamp next to it. “How much for both?”

“Two hundred,” the dealer said with great benevolence.

“Hundred and fifty,” Eddie contered.

“Two fifty, final offer.”

“I’ll take it.”

“Eddie!” Anne admonished, but he was already handing over his credit card. “Honestly.”


If you were my girlfriend, I’d let you control my money. 

He kept that thought to himself. It’s rude to pester after you’ve already been rejected. 
 
~~~
 
At home, Eddie decided to check out that certificate of authenticity. He smoothed it out beside his laptop, over the scratched up wood of his coffee table. When he typed “Earl Vincent Dubney” into Google, a few links came up, but they all directed to password protected pages. Eddie huffed and looked into the organisations that ran the websites. All threads led to one parent organisation, 

The Centre For Historic Paraphysical Artefacts. 

Their website was literally a black page, devoid of any marking. Eddie clicked and dragged his mouse across the screen. One little black asterisk highlighted. He clicked it triumphantly, then sagged at the sight of another password dialog box. 

Well. Whatever. He had a friend who could hack them. 

Picking up the lamp, he stared at its dark, glinting surface. Light hit the many ridges of the webbed pattern, turning them silver, while the valleys were dark grey, almost black. What kind of metal was it supposed to be? The certificate said ‘silver’. Was silver ever this dark? He pressed his blunt thumbnail against the side and dragged it down, producing a faint screech. 

The lamp jerked roughly and he dropped it on the chipped tiles of his dining/kitchen area. Clattering and rumbling on the floor, it seemed to swell and contract, as though it were taking heaving gasps. Black slime oozed out of the spout, defying gravity as it dripped upwards. It collected into a head-like shape, still connected to the lamp. White opalescent eyes materialised over four rows of far too many sharp teeth. 

“Eddie,” it said in a deep, rough voice. “Never make that noise 

ever

 again.”

Eddie jerked, falling back on his tailbone and yelping at the pain. 

“Shit shit shit, don’t eat me.” He scuttled backwards until his back hit the pantry. 

“Why would I eat you, Master?” The shape grinned, and a long, tapering 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
alternative universe
Alternate Universe - Genie/Djinn
Tentacle Sex
Rimming
Crossdressing
Object Insertion
Bondage
Anal Gaping
Orgasm Control
Spit Kink
Sounding
Bath Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Nipple Play
Reverse Felching
Cannibalism

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

