Chapter 1: Tony and His Arc Reactor
    




Chapter Text
Bruce Banner is not a medical doctor.Granted, he has seven various advanced degrees—ranging in topics from radio and nuclear physics to biochemistry—and he is widely considered one of the brightest minds of his time, but aside from basic first aid, he has no formal medical training. He’s just not that kind of doctor.Except for when he needs to be.
X
“Dr. Banner, Boss is requesting your presence in his private lab.”Bruce is standing at the bathroom sink when FRIDAY’s voice issues over the speakers. He spits his mouthful of toothpaste out before glancing up. “Right now?” he asks as he rinses his toothbrush. “Does he have any idea what time it is?”There’s a brief pause. “I have just informed him of the time,” the AI replies. “He is, however, insistent.”Bruce sighs, turning off the faucet. So much for his plans to head off to bed. He exits his quarters and takes the elevator up to Tony’s floor.As he enters the lab, he’s expecting to find Tony engrossed in his latest project. Instead, he discovers the man sitting reclined in a chair in the back corner of the lab. His shirt is removed and he has an overall ill look to him—pale, sweaty, and slightly breathless as he taps something into the Starkpad on his lap.Bruce is suddenly feeling much more alert. “Tony? Are you alright?” he asks with a frown, quickly closing the distance between them.Tony glances up from the screen. “Oh good, you’re here,” he says. Aside from the breathlessness, his tone is much more casual than Bruce would have expected. With a shaky hand, he gestures at his arc reactor. “Something’s a little… off.”“Define ‘off’,” Bruce requests, looking his friend over in concern.“Not sure yet.” Tony tilts his head sideways in the direction of the portable heart monitor standing nearby. “Was just about to hook that baby up, but then, y'know… had to sit.”Bruce wheels the monitor closer to the chair and starts attaching the wires to Tony’s chest. As soon as it’s connected, the monitor starts beeping alarmingly.Rolling his eyes, Tony reaches over to press a button on the machine. The sound instantly stops.Bruce blinks at him. “Did you just mute your heart monitor?”“We can still see it,” Tony retorts, pointing up at the screen. The lines on the graph are moving in a concerning pattern of spikes and plateaus. “Don’t need to go deaf too.”  Tony tilts the Starkpad in his direction and Bruce skims the data that FRIDAY has pulled from the arc reactor. “Why didn’t you just go to Medical?” Bruce questions.“Don’t need Medical,” Tony grunts as he clips an oximeter onto his fingertip. “I’ve got you.”Bruce rolls his eyes. This isn’t the first time Tony’s called him for help with the device, but the other times were just routine maintenance. “You know I’m not that kind of doctor, right?”Tony shrugs. “Close enough.”Bruce points at the graph. “This is showing cardiac dysrhythmia and hypotension, plus your O2 stats are in the mid-eighties. You need Medical.”“See?” Tony smirks at him. “That’s something only a real doctor would know.” He points at some numbers in the corner of the screen of the Starkpad. “Look, I’m pretty sure the issue is a corroded wire in the reactor’s core. We just need to switch it out.”Picking up the Starkpad, Bruce peers closer at the screen. He can see a digital 3D model of the device's core rotating in the center, one area glowing red. “Just because I can read a cardiogram doesn’t mean I’m qualified to help with this."“Well, neither is Medical,” Tony retorts. “They aren’t exactly trained in repairing malfunctioning electromagnets.”“No, but they are significantly more skilled in dealing with heart problems,” Bruce points out. “I’m pretty sure my CPR certification expired like three years ago.”Tony waves a hand dismissively at him. “It hasn’t changed that much. Thirty compressions, two breaths, Stayin’ Alive by the Bee Gees, yada, yada…”“I’m really not comfortable with—”“Um, hold that thought,” Tony grunts, struggling to sit up straighter. His face suddenly takes on an ashen color and Bruce can see beads of sweat forming on his forehead.“What is it?” Bruce questions.Tony swallows hard. “Just… nauseous,” he breathes out, his face screwing up in obvious discomfort.“Oh, um, okay hang on.” Bruce’s eyes dart around the room, searching for some kind of receptacle.  Tony is swallowing convulsively now. “Bruce…” he warns.Bruce spies a bowl of screws on the table and dumps them out before thrusting the empty container under Tony’s chin.“Aw, I just sorted those...” Tony complains.They sit there for a few minutes, Bruce holding the bowl as Tony breathes deeply, occasionally spitting out strings of saliva but not quite throwing up.Bruce’s level of concern is quickly increasing and he’s watching the monitors nervously. “Now  are you ready to go to Medical?” he asks.“Nah… think ‘m okay,” Tony breathes out, wiping his mouth off with the back of his hand. He closes his eyes and leans back against the chair. His ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton
Bruce Banner & Thor
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Sick Tony Stark
Sick Peter Parker
Sick Clint Barton
Hurt Thor (Marvel)
Hurt Steve Rogers
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Heat Stroke
Arc Reactor Issues
Stitches
Vomiting
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Blood and Injury
Graphic Description
Broken Bones
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Doctor Bruce Banner - Freeform
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Whump
Crack
Fever
Sleepwalking
Fainting
Nosebleed
Drinking

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton
Bruce Banner & Thor
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

