Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Shit."
            It starts like this: Peter's Decathlon team is on a roll. Things were a bit rocky after losing their team captain, but MJ had whipped them into shape and by now they were mostly a functioning team. Flash was still a dick and Abe still cried when he got a question wrong but they were trying, and overall things were great.
            That is, until Mr. Harrington announced they'd be going on a field trip to Stark Tower as a reward for all their hard work.
            "I need these slips back by Wednesday," he was currently telling them, not that any of them were listening, too busy chattering excitedly about the trip to care what their supervisor had to say, "And I want everyone to be on their best behavior at the Tower. Mr. Stark has graciously allowed us to go on the tour at such short notice, and I expect you all to be respectful."
            Peter tuned him out in favor of full-on panic. This was, in a word, bad. Of course, of fucking course he'd be going on a field trip to his own home, in typical Parker Luck fashion. He was already in over his head, and now this?
            "Peter? Peter, you okay?" Ned was asking, a hand on his shoulder. "You look a little pale. You good?"
            "Good?" Peter scoffed in return, "No I am not good, Ned. This is going to be a disaster."
            "I'm sure it will be fine. I mean, it's the Avengers, Peter--"
            "And that's exactly why it's going to be a disaster." He groaned, running a hand through his hair, "You know how they can be, Ned. And what's gonna happen when the rest of the team finds out I live with the fucking Avengers?"
            "I mean, they already know you moved in with a foster family of sorts after May..." Trailing off, Ned cleared his throat, "That family just happens to be the Avengers. No big deal, right?" At Peter's look, he sighed, "Okay, yeah big deal. Huge deal, I still can't believe that you live with the freaking Avengers, dude, that's so cool. Does Captain America eat cereal for breakfast? He seems like a Fruity Pebbles kind of guy. And what about the Winter Soldier? I bet he likes Lucky Charms, wait no, Rice Krispies, wait no--"
            "Aww, would you look at that, the nerds are picking names for their imaginary friends!" Flash interrupted, coming up behind them. He smirked when Ned stopped talking, "Hmm. Parker, you ready for everyone to know you're lying about your fake-ass internship when we get to the Tower on Friday?"
            "I'm not lying, Flash." Peter mumbled, turning away from him. It was best to ignore him, even if what he wanted was to punch him in his stupid face. He could, and it'd be amazing, but that's not what superpowers were for, not really. Superpowers, Peter reasoned with himself, were for punching Bad Guys. Flash might be a bad guy, but he wasn't a Bad Guy. There was a difference.
            "Sure, sure. I just can't wait to see the look on your face when you get kicked out of Stark Industries for lying to the world about working there. It's going to be hilarious."
            "Shut up, Flash, before I push your testicles back into your body. If you have any, that is." MJ interrupted, shoving her way past them. Flash scoffed, but backed off, opting to go back to his asshole friends, leaving Peter only with a weak glare. Peter shot Michelle a grateful smile, pointedly ignoring the butterflies zipping around his insides when she returned it, if only partially. Half-smiles from MJ were like gifts from God, in Peter's opinion.
            "Hey, Loverboy." Ned was smirking knowingly at Peter, whose eyes were still trained on their retreating team captain, "We still on for tonight? I got that cruiser set you've had your eye on, my mom bought it for my birthday. My place at six?"
            "Uh, yeah." Snapping his eyes away from Michelle, Peter turned back to Ned, "But I can only stay a little while, I have to patrol tonight."
            Ned sighed. As awesome as it was to be best friends with freaking Spiderman, actual Spiderman, he missed being best friends with Peter. Just Peter, no strings attached. Or, webs rather.
            "Yeah, sounds good. See you later."
 
------
 
            "So." Steve sat across the table from Peter, legs hooked around the chair he was currently straddling, eyes focused on Peter in typical Captain American fashion, a small smirk blooming on his face as he continued, "Your class is going on a field trip."
            Peter groaned, dropping his head onto the kitchen counter. Wanda snickered from behind her wine glass. It was so-called Family Night at Stark Tower, meaning the Big Table™ was pulled out, the Avengers assembled (but with less deadly purpose than usual), and take out ordered. For a group of masterminds and superhumans, the Avengers were shit at cooking.
            "Yeah, I have a field trip," He muttered, eying his family suspiciously from underneath his arms, forehead squished on the table still.
    
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Flash is a dick
And Tony Is Not Having It
May is Dead
sorry - Freeform
Peter Lives At Stark Tower
Because Tony Adopted Him
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter is Not Impressed
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Flash is trying his best
flash is also a little gay for peter
BAMF Michelle Jones
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
more tags soon
owo
Flash is redeemable

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

