Work Text:

He’d been planning this for a long time. He had to, this wasn’t something one could do all in one night without leaving something behind or not doing the work justice.

Peter Parker, the boy who’d stolen his heart was sleeping in his room. Unknowing of what was coming. The pretty virgin would be his soon enough though, and he would feel good and be his good boy.

It was the aunt that was the problem, Tony couldn’t help but despise her. She is who kept him from stealing the boy away, he’d seen how attached the boy was. How peter seemed to need her.

How could he hurt that sweet boy by denying him of her? As much as he struggled with the decision, the need to make the boy his quickly overcame his reservations.

Peter would belong to him, even if he fought and was upset at first, he would learn his place. Would be put in his place, because in the end everything would be as it should be.

But he knew how to handle her, and had prepared what he needed to subdue the woman and take his prize home. 

The walk up the steps weighed heavily with his weight, the two duffel bags on his shoulders weighing him down. But they didn’t creak which he was thankful for.

With the key he had made, he unlocked the door and placed Peter’s duffel on the table before heading to the Aunt’s room. Her duffel still swaying on his shoulder.
Opening the door with caution Tony looked on at the woman who seemed to be sleeping peacefully in the large bed. Blankets thrown off as she’d been shifting throughout the night.
Opening the bag, Tony slipped on his mask before pulling out the syringe. The duffel slid down his arm so he could place it on the floor before he moved closer to the woman. Gloved hands flexing, ready to hold her down.
In a quick movement, he was on top of the woman with his hand covering her mouth to stop her noise and the syringe was buried deep within her neck. The struggling that followed quickly dissipated, her body limp but her eyes remained open with tears flowing.
Removing his hand, Tony retrieved his duffel, hand returning to her mouth just before she got a proper noise out that was swallowed by his glove. 
Taking the wire from his bag, Tony got to work in winding her up. Making sure it dug into her skin painfully, punishment for keeping him away from his boy for so long. 

Again she tried to scream resulting in a sponge in her mouth, maybe he’d been a little mean and shoved it into her throat at first to watch her choke a little. But he fixed it and taped it shut, deciding in using the whole role to keep the sponge in place.

She truly didn’t deserve any mercy. But no matter, now that she was in place he could truss up his lover and take him home.

He’d almost had the boy months ago, but the boy’s Aunt had appeared and taken him away. The memory burned in his brain, making leaving the room that much harder. With a sigh he walked back over to her bed, hand clenching into a fist before he threw his arm forward.

Knuckles colliding with the woman’s face, a harsh breath escaped his nose. The blood falling from her nose gushed but he didn’t care, shaking his hand to make the pain go away, he headed to the door. Finally letting himself go claim his prize.

He couldn’t help but admit he was giddy with excitement, especially when he opened the door and the lithe body lay furled on the bed. Body mostly bare other than the boxers hugging to his hips.

His beautiful boy, with creamy soft skin and tangled hair. He went back for his duffel, dropping it beside the bed. 
Taking the gag from his bag, the man hummed happily at the boy’s open lips. With practiced skill Tony ran the large pecker gag along his cupid’s bow.

Those soft thin lips opened further, allowing him to press it home. It stretched the boy’s jaw causing the prone bodies brow to furrow.

Tired eyes opened, widening immediately with fright. But Tony was bigger and stronger, so when the boy tried to jump up and scurry. Tony made sure the boy didn’t knock his head into the top bunk before pulling the boy onto his leg. 

The boy’s back pressed warmly against his shoulder and frantic hands pushed and attempted to release the gag but Tony’s arm easily reached across pinning both wrist in his large hand.

The boy attempted to throw himself forward, but stopped still when Tony placed his free hand over the boy’s crotch.

“It’s okay,” Tony assured in his ear, feeling the little one shake in fear. He’d been watching the boy for so long he knew the boy hadn’t once been successful in getting himself off.

The poor thing had been too afraid and had to stop, overwhelmed. Of course the minute he placed his hand on the boy, he’d freeze.

Cries and pleas were muffled by the gag, but Tony didn’t mind. Nuzzling the side of the boy’s face, wishing the stupid mask wasn’t on. But once he got the boy where he needed him, the mask wouldn’t be a problem.

Dragging his hand slowly up the boy’s stomach, Tony let his gloved finger peak beneath the fabric of his boxers. The action m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Gags
Kidnapping
Dildos
Dark Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Emotional Manipulation
Hurt May Parker
Obedience
Conditioning
Fucking Machines
Nipple Clamps
Nipple Licking
Nipple Play
Forced Orgasm
Forced Relationship
Non-Consensual Bondage
Latex
Cock Rings
Sounding
Overstimulation
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

