Work Text:
One of the things Loki enjoys most about Midgard are showers. He can’t exactly explain why, but the steady downpour of hot water against his skin soothes him, makes him feel languid and relaxed in a way he’s never felt even after an indulgent bath in Asgard’s lavish bathing chambers. 
It would be a lie to say it’s the only indulgence he allows himself, but it’s the one he enjoys most frequently. 
Loki sighs contentedly and rinses his hair, slicking it back from his face before he pours a generous amount of shower gel in his hand even though he’s already as clean as he can get. He loves the feeling of hands sliding over his body, skin against skin, slick and warm, even if it’s only his own touch instead of a lover’s. He craves it, can never get enough of it and why should he? Nobody is here to stop him from such small frivolities in his own apartment. 
Home, sweet home and all that. 
That’s why the last thing he expects when he finally emerges from the bathroom in a cloud of steam is Thor standing in the middle of his bedroom. 
Thor is dressed casually, without his customary armor and cloak, and looks around, idly taking in his surroundings. 
Thor is always striking, but even more so with the gold of his hair set against plain black cloth and bronzed skin. The edges of his hair graze his skin where his simple shirt leaves it bare, the low dipping v of his collar and his upper arms. Loki takes him in and feels his skin prickle, ghosts of fingers teasing up his spine and settling against his neck. 
“Uh, hi,” Loki says. It’s so awkward he’s cringing inside and his voice is quivering a little more than he likes to admit. Even with their relationship as whole as it hasn’t been in centuries, their last encounter hadn’t left them exactly on the best of terms after a mission gone foul and seeing Thor so soon makes him feel— not afraid, but definitely cautious. 
Thor ignores him. He picks up the skimpy black briefs Loki carelessly left on the floor and examines them with great interest, his eyes slanting and flickering over Loki’s skin. Loki holds his towel with both hands to make sure it stays around his hips. 
He knew Thor would find him eventually, but he’d hoped for it to happen on his own terms. Not when he’s half-naked, caught off-guard and desperately trying to hide his body’s reaction to his brother fondling his underwear. 
“Did the Allmother send you?” Loki asks. It’s not what he really wants to know– why are you here, did you miss me– but until he knows the reason for this unexpected visit it seems the safest course of conversation. 
“No.” 
Thor drops Loki’s briefs, letting them fall to the same spot from where he picked them up. He just stands there with his arms loose at his side, calmly watching Loki, and still his simple presence is filling the room around them until he’s all Loki can see. 
“I thought it would be best to look after you before they send you out for another assignment. See if you got yourself in trouble again.” A small smile is playing around Thor’s lips. The deep rumble of his voice sends a delicious shiver up Loki’s spine and he clutches the towel a little harder. 
“You really think I need looking after?” Loki laughs, a little breathless. “I can assure you I’ve been very good. You’d know if I weren’t. They would make sure of it.” 
He’s somewhere between annoyed and thrilled and–best and worst of all– hopeful, but it all narrows down to that Thor came for him. It’s exhilarating and makes Loki feel daring, gives him the courage to step closer and run a finger down the middle of Thor’s chest. 
His mouth goes dry at the way the firm flesh doesn’t give even when he applies a bit more pressure right over Thor’s navel. No matter how many people he fucks, he lies awake at night and dreams of this, touches himself to hazy memories until he’s raw and aching, wondering if Thor’s cock would fill this new body as completely as his mind remembers. 
Warmth envelops his fingers. Thor’s hand is large enough to almost close around Loki’s own completely, keeping him from touching him where Loki really wants to. 
“You need a lot more than just looking after, brother,” Thor says. His voice is rough, but there’s no real heat behind it, even after the things Loki did to him. “I should start with a proper spanking to punish you for your recklessness, but you’d probably enjoy it.” Thor flashes a quick grin before his eyes go soft, and Loki’s heart stutters in his chest at the roughness of Thor’s thumb sweeping over the inside of his wrist. “You need to be more careful, Loki.” 
Whatever deity made Thor choose to forgo his armor and visit him in only a light tunic and leggings, they have Loki’s eternal gratitude. He isn’t even trying to be subtle and lets his eyes slide lower, over the hard nipples pressing against Thor’s shirt down to the thick bulge of his cock, clearly outlined under the soft cloth. 
Thor follows the line of Loki’s gaze and gives a hoarse chuckle that sounds more than a little rueful
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Comeplay
Breeding
Rough Sex
Size Kink
Size Difference
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

