Chapter 1: He Said, She Said
    


Notes:
I own nothing!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Brock, I’m late,” Darcy said, when he’d dragged her into the closet near Jane’s lab at SHIELD. He had his hands under her sweater already and was kissing her shoulder. He’d been on a two-week mission overseas and the Trojans were practically burning a hole in his pocket as he searched for her. He’d finally spotted her ahead of him in a hallway, seized the back of her shirt, and pulled her backwards into the closet with him.“Late for what?” he said. Like an idiot. “Meeting?” he murmured into her hair, freeing one hand from her breast to unzip his tac pants. “I been missing you. Give me eight minutes, just eight minutes,” he said. But she didn’t go soft and yielding in his arms like she normally would. She made a sound.“No, late for, uh, my period,” she said, prying his other hand away from her bra.“What?” he said, freezing in place.  She couldn’t be,  he thought. They’d been careful. It was casual between them, but they hooked up at his place or hers frequently enough that he knew she was responsible about taking her pills. And he kept his shit locked down. He wasn’t a good candidate for fatherhood.“It’s probably nothing,” she said. He thought she sounded nervous, but he couldn’t see her face. “But I’m going to see the SHIELD physician tomorrow, having them run a test. So it’s official. Because those drugstore tests---they might not be reliable.”“Have you taken the drugstore tests?” he asked carefully, turning her around so she was facing him. Her eyes flickered to his face, then down to a spot around his chest. “Darcy?” he said. “What did it say?”“Positive,” she said quietly.“One positive might not mean--” he began, but she shook her head.“Four positives. I took the test four times. Jane and I--we--we staggered manufacturers to make the results more reliable, followed all the directions, repeated the test on a different day, I even had Jane do one as a control, hers was negative,” she said, swallowing. “Four positives.”“Oh,” he said. “Oh.”“Yeah,” she said. “So, I’ll call you when I find out for sure. My appointment’s at two, so it’ll be sometime after that.”“Okay,” he said, not sure what she wanted him to say. He was shit at comforting people. Did she want to terminate the pregnancy, if she was pregnant? Would she want him to take her to a clinic? Or was that something she’d prefer Jane do? They’d never talked about this shit. They were careful. This wasn’t supposed to happen when you used two forms of birth control, for fuck’s sake. He stood in the closet for a few minutes after she’d left, trying to process. As he reached down to zip his pants, still half-hard, he knocked over a broom with a clatter. “Fuck,” he said. “Fuck fuck fuck--” ***He was waiting at medical when she and Jane arrived the next day. “Rumlow,” Jane said, giving him an  I’m not impressed with you look . He realized she probably hated him. Maybe had always hated him.“Foster,” he said.“I just got here,” Darcy said, frowning. “They haven’t done the, uh, thing yet.” She was being quiet, looking around as if they’d be overheard. He nodded to show he understood. He could be subtle.“I know,” he said. “I thought I would bring you coffee.” He gestured to the latte in his hand.“I don’t know if I’m supposed to--” she said, frowning. “Do you know?”“Huh?” he said.“I don’t know, either, I’ll check,” Jane said, whipping out her phone.“Darcy Lewis?” a voice called. It was the nurse, ready to take her back. She still hadn’t taken the coffee, so he got up to follow her into the exam room. Jane tried to, too, but the nurse said they only had room for one guest per patient. Jane sighed and looked at him.“It should be you,” she told Brock.“Yeah,” he said.“Yeah,” Darcy repeated. The two of them followed the nurse.“We’ll need you to put on a gown for the physical, then we’ll draw blood for the test,” the nurse announced to Darcy in the small room.“Okay, sure,” Darcy said. “Do you know if pregnant women should drink coffee?”“Oh,” he said. “That’s what you meant? I didn’t get it. That’s a thing? I thought it was just booze and cigarettes?” The nurse looked between them, something flickering in her eyes.“I’ll ask,” she said neutrally, departing.“Oh God,” Darcy muttered, as the door clicked shut. “What am I going to do if the answer is  no?” “Decaf?” he said. Darcy turned around and started to undress with her back to him. He set the coffees on the floor to help her with the flimsy exam gown. She hadn’t asked, but it was cold in the room and she was struggling to take off her leggings standing up. The exam table was a little too tall for her to climb on easily. “Ahhh!” she shrieked, jumping in surprise when he touched her bare back.“Sorry, sorry,” he said. He stepped back.“I’m not having sex with you right now, for God’s sake,” she said.“I was just trying to help you with the gown,” he said.“Oh,” she said. “Sorry. I th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Darcy calls her baby the Chicken Nugget
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Loosely inspired by the movie Marriage Italian Style
Very loosely because Darcy doesn't have the patience of Sophia Loren
Fertility stats for women in their 30s are scaring Jane
Brock isn't good dad material
Awkward doctor visits and office politics

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

