Chapter 1: The Bruise
    




Chapter Text
It begins with a bruise.To be fair to what seems like an unremarkable beginning, the bruise is an impressive one: it roams the length of his right side from his hip almost all the way to his armpit, shaped like a fat bolt of lightning and the color of spilled motor oil. Peter obtains said bruise when the Villain of the Week (as he’s taken to calling them, much to May’s displeasure: she thinks he’s being flippant about his would-be nemeses. In reality Peter is just being literal; lately it feels like these weirdos must coordinate their schedules to mess up his Mondays) flings him through an ancient billboard advertising a 1997 run of the musical  Cats.“I’m starting to think you have something against our feline friends,” says Peter, after he’s caught himself with a web to a nearby fire escape and scrambled back to the rooftop where the guy is waiting, wearing a pair of skin-tight leopard print leggings, a fur vest, and a snarl to match the one painted on the face of whatever Broadway washout’s face Peter just decimated. “Whatever cat wronged you, I promise, violence is not the answer.” He flings a web at the guy, who dodges it with a roar. “Especially not with cats. You should see the scratches I get off the ones in trees around here, man, and those are the ones I’m trying to  help.”The Villain of the Week answers this by tossing a net—an honest to God  net—over Peter’s head.There’s not much time to think about the bruise after that, what with the cat-hating (or possibly cat-loving? The outfit does not offer an explanation for itself, though it totally owes the world at least that much for, you know, existing) evil dude and his net to keep Peter occupied.He doesn’t think about it much that evening, either, barely glancing at it in the mirror as he strips out of the suit and clambers into a much-needed shower.  He’s used to bruises. Bruises of all shapes and sizes, colors and creeds. If he had a nickel for every bruise, and yada yada yada. Add to that the fact that this one, for all its vibrant color, barely even hurts, and it’s a wonder it even gets its cursory glance in the bathroom mirror at all.The bruise only becomes remarkable the next day. Because unlike its innumerable counterparts, this bruise is still there when Peter wakes up the next morning.In retrospect Peter will recognize that he probably should have done something then. He’s been Spider-Man for over a year now, which might not seem like a long time until one takes into consideration what he’s done: Fought Captain America. Defeated the Vulture. Travelled to a hostile exoplanet to battle a megalomaniac alien warlord hellbent on humanity’s destruction. Let him never forget that last one.(He can’t. He tries.)The point is, the training wheels are fully off, and Peter has had enough experience and enough lectures from those with more of it to know that he is supposed to get himself checked out when things go weird, particularly when those things are his powers.  Extra  particularly when the specific thing is his healing power, which, above all the others, is definitely the only reason he’s still alive today.But he doesn’t.He has a t-shirt already halfway over his head, his hair all flat on one side from sleeping with rocklike stillness all night, when he notices it in his bedroom mirror. For a minute his brow furrows as he traces the outline of the bruise with his fingertips. It’s yellow around the edges, so it’s healed  some, more than a normal person could hope for in a night, but about a hundred times less than he’s used to. It still doesn’t hurt that bad, but it doesn’t  look good. Like, don’t-ever-let-May-see-this kind of not good.Peter’s eyes dart to the StarkPhone on his desk. The unsmashable, waterproof, upgraded-with-alien-tech, one-of-a-kind StarkPhone that Tony gave him after Thanos and told him to use if he was ever out of the suit and in need of assistance.“Any little thing,” Tony had said as he handed it over. “Large or small. Pick it up. Use it. And try not to be too weird about it, kid, because the whole watery-eyed thing you’re doing is giving me reflux already.”Peter promised that he would. And then—nothing. Radio silence on both ends.Looking at it now, Peter knows he doesn’t want to be the one to break that silence. And certainly not over something as insignificant as a bruise.He pulls the shirt the rest of the way on, stuffs the StarkPhone into the bottom of his bag like he does every day, and he goes to school.Here’s the thing: Peter isn’t trying to be vindictive about the no-contact deal. He knows it’s probably not intentional, this silence from Tony. Not like the whole post-Germany, pre-Homecoming era, when an occasional disdainful text from Happy was the closest he got to any word from the man. He also knows that the whole “You died in my arms, kid,” thing is probably a lot to come to terms with. He  knows  it’s a lot to come to terms with, because he’s spent pretty much the whole t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
future Peter Parker/Michelle Jones

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
slight AU
written before infinity war came out
Hurt/Comfort
Irondad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Blood
Illness
repost
signofthree
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has Issues
but he tries tho

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
future Peter Parker/Michelle Jones

