Chapter 1: The Welcoming Committee is All Sunshine and Daisies (Not)
    




Chapter Text

Chapter One: The Welcoming Committee is All Sunshine and Daisies (Not)

It had been two years since what the media had the Avenger’s ‘Civil War’ and the team had split apart, and the ‘Rouges’ were finally going home.
When they arrived at the airport, which was smaller than they had imagined it would be, they were disappointed and confused when they realized that no one had come to welcome back, not even Tony who had got them all into this mess.
Steve shook his head disappointed that Tony was being this petty even after all this time. “I’m sure he just lost track of the days working on some project down in his lad,” Steve said.
“Hum, yeah probably building another Ultron, you know what he’s like,” Wanda retorted in disgust.
“He’s probably working on some SI stuff,” Sam said unsurely.
Wanda scoffed not even trying to hide what she thought of that idea or like engineer himself. “Like that’s any better,” she snapped. Natasha just rolled her eyes at Wanda’s apparent hatred of Stark, as they walked down the steps leading off the plane and onto the tarmac runway.
Where they were greeted by a woman wearing, an armoured bodysuit, with a symbol that was a combination of the old S.H.I.E.L.D logo and an ‘A’ on it. “I’m sorry, who are you?” Steve asked in confusion.
“Agent Daisy Johnson. I’m here to escort to the Elysium ,” the brunette replied.
Steve looked at daisy in utter confusion. “Where?”
“I thought S.H.I.E.L.D wasn’t around anymore,” Natasha said in shock when she saw the familiar logo.
Daisy turned her head to look at Natasha so quickly he was surprised that she didn’t get whiplash. “No thanks to you,” the agent snapped, venom practically dripping from her voice. “A lot of good innocent people working for Shield got hurt when you pulled your stun. Had you actually thought about who, and how your actions would have affected others then two my who, were trapped on the bottom of the ocean could have been rescued sooner, meaning one of them may not have ended up in a nine-day coma which he came out of with brain damage.
So no, of course, you weren’t a where that Shield was still around, fighting hydra and saving the world, while you to busy being self-centred, and searching for the Winter Soldier. Who by the way, you had made things worse for with your actions in the Civil War; All the while Shield was slowly making a new name for ourselves.
But don’t expect anyone to be glad to see you they won’t. In fact, most of them would prefer you never come back, but because of your actions, it made gaining the public’s trust even harder than it was, to begin with. So go round expecting people to thank you, or just forgive and forget what you did, because while you were sitting back, putting up your feet  the rest of us have been through a tone of shit you can’t even imagine, and then we had clean up the mess you left behind.”
Daisy paused and took a few calming breaths, to reign in her temper. Losing control of her powers and causing an earthquake wouldn’t help anyone; Once her breathing had slowed, Daisy looked back over to Steve, trying to keep her disgust for the man off her face.
“And to answer your question, to the Elysium it's the name of the newly rebuilt compound. In other words the base you will be staying at temporarily and operating at alongside the agents of A.T.L.A.S and everyone else; is located.. If I were you I’d watch what you say and try not to piss anyone off. Now if you’ll follow me.” With that said Daisy turned on her heel and got into the awaiting black SUV, leaving no room for argument or discussion.
When she got in the car and buckled her seat belt, she answered her phone which had begun ringing on her walk over.
“Hey, AC. How’s it going,” Daisy asked cheerfully, as she watched Coulson roll his eyes in exasperation over the video call.
“Was that really necessary?”
“You know me AC, I never did like pompous, self-righteous, think-they-know-it-alls.”
Coulson sigh at his daughter. “Just try not to kill them. As much as, we might not like it, this was the best outcome we could find. At least this way we will know where and what they are doing at all times.”
“Fine,” Daisy replied pouting. “But I make no promises that they make it there unscathed,” she added, a devious, mischievous glint shining in her eyes.”
“Daisy...” Coulson warned while giving her a pointed looked.
It was Daisy’s turn to roll her eyes in exasperation, groaning, “I know, I know, alive not dead.  May needs someone’s ass to kick after all.”
“Just, be careful Daisy.”
“I know I will. See you soon AC,” she replied, smiling brightly.
Coulson chuckled fondly at her antics, smiling, “You know it. Now hurry up and get moving. That’s an order.”
Daisy gave Coulson a mock salute. “Sir, yes Sir.”
The rouges stood there baffled. Shocked at what had just been ranted at them. Steve was the first to regain his composure. “I’m sure, what she said isn’t true,” he sai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
John Constantine/Tony Stark/Lucifer Morningstar
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Jesse Custer
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers (One-sided)

freeform: 
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is a dick
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
not team Cap friendly
Clint - Freeform
Clint Sam and Scott may get Redeemed
BAMF Hela (Marvel)
Hela is Maria Stark
Hela is Tony's Mother
Uncle Thor
uncle loki
BAMF John Constantine
BAMF Lucifer Morningstar (Lucifer TV)
Don't Piss of the Devil
or the Hellblazer
Pretty Much Team Cap such Avoid Pissing Antone on Tony's Side
Magic Tony stark
Tony has powers
Extremis Tony Stark
Mamma Bear Hela
Tony and Jesse are Half-Brothers
God Tony Stark
Angry Hela
loki is a little shit
Civil War Team Iron Man
Asgardian Tony Stark
Howard Stark is Zeus
Jesse is the Younger Brother
Jojo's bizarre adventure - Freeform
Castlevania - Freeform
OC's name is Super long
The Preacher - Freeform
OC is Wolverine's Grand-daughter
Tony Stark Protection Squad
Mutant!oc
Physical Mutations
Team Tony! are Little Shits
Tony's Family are BAMFs
so are his friends
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective John Constantine
Protective Lucifer Morningstar
guardian devil
Constantine is not Heartless
Howard Stark is still a Dick
He cheated on Maria
I can't be the only one who though of making
Tony and Jesse brothers
can i?

fandom: 
John Constantine/Tony Stark/Lucifer Morningstar
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Jesse Custer
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers (One-sided)

