Chapter 1





Chapter Text


[from: Lynn E. Anderson, Captain America: Behind the Mask. Steve Rogers and the Contemporary Hero Narrative (New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2012), pp. 241-243.]




CHAPTER  VI
The Great Repression: Steve Rogers, James Barnes, and the Narratives of Homosocial Desire





Although the relationship between Rogers and his most trusted childhood friend, James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes has been subject to a great deal of scrutiny in past publications on the matter, of both scholarly and purely biographical persuasion, there has been a certain degree of unwillingness among the academic community as well as the general public to consider the possibility that the nature of their relationship transgressed both the boundaries of friendship and social mores of their times. To see Steve Rogers—to see Captain America, the ultimately jingoistic symbol of American World War II propaganda, at least at the moment of his (re)birth as the national icon—in the context of a queer narrative is, to some critics and academics, utterly unprofessional and even morally abhorrent. In his 2009 book on Captain America comic books, war photography, and American propaganda, Everett claims: “There is nothing to suggest that either the graphic novels issued during the war or the photographs taken during Rogers’ stay with the Howling Commandos can serve as a basis for a queer reading of Rogers and Barnes’ relationship. But even more importantly, there is nothing to suggest that such a relationship ever existed in the first place, and as such, those queer readings are not only misguided, but also libelous” (197), while Miller, in a similar vein, calls them “devoid of any grounding in fact and blatantly disregarding all evidence to the contrary” (Birth of an Icon, 294).


[…]


The unwillingness to accept the possibility that Rogers and Barnes might have been lovers (or at least romantically involved) before and during the war seems to stem from almost desperate adherence to several concepts firmly entrenched in the dominant paradigm of the narratives of masculinity and war. The inherent subversivness of such a relationship, therefore, not only undermines the public image of Captain America, carefully crafted and controlled in the early days of his public exposure during the USO tour (Willingham 53), but also, according to the social mores of his times, calls into question his very masculinity, that is, the central trait emphasized in the process of his transformation from Steve Rogers to Captain America. For Captain America to find himself anywhere on the queer spectrum would mean, then, in the minds of his contemporaries, that the narrative of the hypermasculine, heteronormative world of the American Army has been irrevocably tarnished and become partially irrecoverable, destroyed beyond all repair, emasculated just like its most prominent symbol.



.

fight the land (fighttheland) wrote in cap_news


captain america: behind the mask


GUYS GUYS GUYS HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW BOOK ON CAP HOLY FUCK IT’S SO GOOOOOOD. 
okay, capslock time over. but seriously guys, it’s so good and finally, FINALLY, we have something that doesn’t gloss over You Know What and doesn’t tell us we’re just a bunch of weirdos who read far too much into everything. and fuck miller and fuck everett, btw, bc they’re shitting all over this book in their reviews, and i think we all know why that is. 
for real tho, there’s some excellent use of sources in this book, and my inner history major rejoices. and holy fuck, where did she even get those sketches, i don’t think they were ever released to the public? or did i miss something? are they from a private collection? is that a recent find? tell me, i need to knowwwwww, for reasons.
and THANK FUCKING GOD there’s FINALLY someone who didn’t go LALALALALALA CAN’T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF HOW STRAIGHT CAP IS when there’s strong evidence suggesting otherwise. 

tags: medium: books, person: james barnes, person: steve rogers
_____________________________________


227 comments

Reply from howlingcommando15
How is this even a peer-reviewed publication? Didn’t know the author was a tumblr-bred tinhatter. Disgraceful and disgusting. 
Reply from thegreendot
Yeah, okay, so just because it doesn’t agree with your views (bigoted as they are), it suddenly has no academic merit? I know you love to troll this community, but seriously, this is ridiculous. And if you seriously think Cap would be offended (even if she’s totally off base with this, which I don’t think she is) because someone implied that he might not be straight, think again. What news have you been watching? Fox News got their asses HANDED TO THEM last time he went on air. Jon Stewart was pissing himself laughing for a week. 
Reply from fighttheland
okay, pal, whatever you say. lots of place on reddit for the likes of you.
Expand 57 comments
Reply from lyanna-stark
I think the sketches are new. They supposedly found them quite recently and didn’t know 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Social Media
Meta
Fandom Politics
POV Outsider
Academia
mentions of torture
Mentions of canon-typical violence
Mentions of Non-Consensual Body Modification
Mentions of PTSD
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

