Work Text:
On nights when it’s too cold to sleep alone they share a bed, have done since they were kids. That night they’re full-up with cheap gin also. Gin before bed makes it even warmer. It’s so cold.
Steve won’t stop shivering, despite the shared blankets and the drink and Bucky stretched loose-limbed beside him. Normally Bucky’s big body is as good as any furnace, but the mercury has dipped too low. There’s frost on the inside of the windowpane and their breath when they breathe out is a white mist. 
“Steve, c’mere.” Bucky reaches to haul Steve against him. He curls his body around Steve’s sideways, wraps them up in the blankets and burrows down. “You’re gonna rattle your teeth right outta your head.”
It’s warmer with Bucky wrapped around him, nearly tolerable. Enough for Steve to whisper thanks and squeeze his eyes shut. He dreams that he and Bucky are alone on an icy plain and Bucky is talking about the steaming hot chocolate they’ll get at Tom’s Restaurant, the kind with real chocolate at the bottom of the cup.
When Steve wakes up fat white flakes of snow are falling against the window and the weak sun hasn’t done much to heat the room. He’s still tucked in against Bucky, the soundest method of self-preservation. Bucky’s face is mashed to the back of Steve’s neck, and he has both arms around Steve, his knees fit to the bend of Steve’s knees. 
Bucky is hard; it’s morning, and many men awake to the condition (Steve has also). Bucky’s cock is big and pressed against Steve’s ass, insistent. It’s hardly the first time they’ve been in this state, and once Bucky wakes up he’ll roll over and throw back the covers and say it’s time for the diner, he could eat two whole stacks of pancakes. 
Only sometimes, they --
“Mornin’,” Bucky says sleepily, his mouth open on Steve’s neck. Instead of pulling away, he pulls Steve more securely to his body. “Get any rest?”
“A little. You helped.”  
“Good.” Bucky rocks his hips, telegraphing his intentions. “You mind?”
“You know I don’t.” Steve helps Bucky tug down the waistband of his pajamas under the covers. Behind him Bucky is doing the same. Steve squeezes his legs together, muscles clenched in anticipation. There’s a pause and then Bucky is pushing his cock between Steve’s thighs. Precome helps to slick the way. Bucky likes the friction and never wants to wait long enough to get some lotion. 
“That’s nice,” Bucky murmurs, following the first push with smoothly regular thrusts. “That’s real nice. Warms me right up.”
“Me, too,” Steve says. Bucky’s arms come back around him and his left hand has got a solid grip around Steve’s cock, and Steve flushes all over. 
“It’s good like this,” says Bucky, his lips in Steve’s hair, “it’s not a bad idea to do this. Weather’s so bad that you’ve hardly been outside for days. No exercise.” He works himself against Steve, the enthusiastic momentum of his body inspiring them both and starting to induce a sweat. 
Steve bears down, focused on Bucky’s considerable length sliding rhythmically against his skin; all of him is focused on it. Bucky’s hand grips his cock just right but Steve’s own pleasure is almost secondary. Steve can come anytime he likes. The experience of having Bucky unbridled behind him is far more rare. They’ve been trying to break the habit. 
“See, there’s a nice color on you already,” says Bucky, nosing at the flushed skin of Steve’s shoulder. Steve is now a brilliant pink.
“I forgot all about the temperature,” says Steve.
“Then what’re you thinkin’ about?”
It’s a perfectly reasonable question. Steve supposes people think about all kinds of things during sexual acts. He knows his brain flashes past invariable topics. So he’s honest. “Greek warriors.”
“Yeah?” 
“Yeah.”
Bucky urges him on with his hips. He thrusts against Steve, impatient for the story, and Steve wriggles back on him and grins. He waits for it, though.
Bucky thrusts again. “Well, let’s hear.”
“There was a city-state in Greece called Sparta,” says Steve, scanning through his memory of a stack of dusty books he read in a lonely aisle of the library. He doesn’t remember all the facts, but the principle left a strong impression. 
“Their whole deal was war. Everyone, including girls, were trained to be accomplished warriors from birth.” He can feel Bucky relaxing into the telling, gentling his speed to postpone the inevitable as Steve speaks. Bucky moves lazily, until Steve says, “They were real serious about it, and if you weren’t fit to be in their society, you’d be cast out. Babies they thought were weak, they’d leave exposed on a mountainside--”
“Whoa, whoa,” says Bucky, halting, “what kinda story is this?”
“Ancient history,” Steve corrects, restarting their motion. “Or mythology, at least. The Spartans were mostly concerned with defense and their whole structure was based on preparation for offense. It’s not a poor model for survival.”
“Yeah, but--”
“Why I was thinking about them,” says Steve hurriedly, moving them along, his body sealed against Bucky’s, “is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum
1940s
Brooklyn
Intercrural Sex
Rimming
Anal Sex
Porn
Pretty Much Nothing But Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

