Chapter 1: Multiple Orgasms- Starker.
    


Notes:
Warnings: mild dubcon




Chapter Text
Peter’s hands are sweaty as they push feebly at Tony’s broad shoulders. But he’s too wrung out, too utterly exhausted to do any more than weakly urge him away. Tony pays it no mind, giving one more long, leisurely suck to Peter’s spent dick. It twitches vainly in his mouth like it might try valiantly to get hard again, but it doesn’t. Tony pulls off, and blows lightly over the adorable little cock, as Peter lies limp as a noodle; sunk into the plush, expensive mattress. “That was six,” Tony murmurs, pressing a kiss to Peter’s hip. “Can we try for seven?” Peter shakes his head, still as docile as a lamb. “C’mhere,” he whines, reaching for Tony’s hair and the older man indulges him because Peter is, quite frankly, too cute for his own good. He lets himself get tugged up and presses a kiss into Peter’s lax mouth. The kid moans, tangling his fingers into Tony’s hair. “Your turn,” he whispers, beginning to slide down Tony’s body, but before he can- the older man stops him. “Nice try, sweetheart. We’re going for seven.” Tony strokes a hand down his shaking flank, and he scrapes his stubble against Peter’s neck. Peter whines, but doesn’t resist when Tony pushes him back down. He reaches for the vibrator and places it just under the head of Peter’s dick, before pushing it to full power.Peter jackknives off the bed at the sensation, and Tony has to hold him down; one arm braced against his chest as Peter cries out. “Too much-” he’s sobbing, “too much- M-Mr Stark-”Tony’s own dick is fiercely hard, but he’s dining off the beautiful energy radiating off Peter in waves. He watches in amazement as Peter’s dick twitches and then his entire body goes taut as he cums in a silent shout; not a drop spilling from the sensitive head. A dry orgasm. He turns the vibrator off and smirks. “Looks like seven’s the limit.” He grins, giving Peter a fond, approving kiss on the lips. The boy doesn’t move, mumbling incoherently to himself. “But, we should make sure.” Peter trembles and clutches at the bed sheets and Tony thinks, next time, he’ll have to tie him up.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Norman Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter/?
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff
Angst
Happy endings always
fairy peter
mob boss tony
Protective Tony
Possessive Tony
Sub Peter
Bottom Peter
Top Tony
peter is always a bottom
everyone has a boner for peter parker
each chapter will be tagged
sugar daddy tony
Sugar Baby Peter
spoilt peter
slut peter
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony
Alpha Steve
Omega Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Norman Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter/?
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson

