Work Text:
The day Bucky was deemed fit enough to leave the secret base that SHIELD claimed was a research facility but was probably, based on the pool-sized bathtub and all the little bottles of lotion, a spa, Steve and Romanoff came to pick him up. In hopes of looking sane, Bucky was wearing his finest grey sweatpants and black SHIELD-issue t-shirt. His hair had been freshly cut, and he’d shaved. They had even let him put laces in his sneakers. Steve and Romanoff watched as he tucked the rest of his belongings into the bookbag Steve had brought with him. Bucky had maybe had a grand total of three conversations with Romanoff in the months that he’d been in the facility/spa, all of which had been both subtly threatening and incomprehensibly cryptic. Steve, on the other hand, had been there nearly every day. Leaning his wide shoulders against the door frame, Steve looked concerned and happy and handsome, gazing at Bucky with a tiny smile on his lips, and a strange surge of affection went through him. He’d been getting that a lot when Steve was around. He might not remember most of his life before he had been made into the Soldier, but he did remember that — remembered Steve’s... Steveness.He had tried to describe it to one of his many therapists once, but she hadn’t quite understood what he meant when he said Steve made him feel like he had bubbles in his chest. She’d given him prescription-grade antacids instead.“Need a hand?” Steve asked as Bucky fumbled with the bookbag’s zip.“Yeah,” Bucky deadpanned, “the left one.”The room went dead silent. Steve goggled at him; Romanoff’s eyes darted from Bucky to Steve as though she thought she might have to launch herself between them.Finally, Steve asked, “How long have you been waiting to say that?”Bucky shrugged. “A couple of weeks.”Steve snorted and shook his head. “I’ve really got to hand it to you,” he replied, “you know how to keep a secret.”Bucky couldn’t help but grin. “This is really getting out of hand.”“I’m going to wait in the car,” said Romanoff.
When he wasn’t off being Captain America, Steve’s life was pretty boring. He watched a lot of TV. He went running every morning and called Wilson in DC at least once a day. He collected stamps and drew still lifes and had at least four different fantasy sports teams.Steve’s two-bedroom apartment was nice, simple but cozy. Bucky had been pretty impressed until he had found a catalogue tucked away in a bookshelf and had realised that Steve — or maybe someone from SHIELD — had just straight-up ordered everything from Ikea. Page eighteen of the Fall edition was an exact match for Bucky’s room. “How are you feeling?” Steve kept asking him.Fine, Bucky always answered. And it was true; he was fine. Mostly. But he also wanted to say weird. He felt weird. He was staying with a guy he'd once been ordered to kill before something instinctual had kicked in and he'd felt like he had been gutted from the inside out — the same guy whom he'd found himself coming back to again and again, until he had worked up the courage to ask for help after the nightmares and the shaking and the all-encompassing terror had gotten to be too much. SHIELD had released him into Steve’s care because they’d said that he was as good as he was going to get, but he didn’t know what he was supposed to do next. Steve didn’t kick him out, so he stayed. There was another reason why it was strange to be living with Steve: because Steve didn’t seem to know how to live with someone. Whenever Bucky walked into a room, he froze, like he’d been caught doing something bad. He was either blurting out questions in way that made Bucky feel like he had missed half the conversation or completely silent; the second day he was at Steve’s apartment, he was pretty sure Steve only said four words to him. “What do you want to do?” Steve asked him on the morning of the third day.Bucky’s mind went horribly blank. “What’d I used to do?”“Um.” Steve seemed taken aback by the question. He frowned thoughtfully and scratched his head. “Go dancing. Go to the pictures. Work. Play cards. Listen to radio shows. Play darts with some guys from the neighbourhood. Go on adventures—”“Adventures?” Bucky interrupted.“That’s what you called them.”“What’d you call them?”“Getting me into trouble,” Steve said wryly. His gaze turned inward for a moment, as though he was looking at something only he could see. Bucky’s stomach twisted, and he pushed away a plate of half-finished toast. But then Steve blinked and smiled at him. “Sometimes you’d come to art class with me.”“Yeah?” Bucky asked, curious; that sounded more alien to him than the adventuring. “Was I any good?”Steve laughed. “You were awful. You used to draw these little comics... The teacher would get so mad. She said you couldn’t come anymore unless you took it seriously.”“I’m guessing that didn’t work,” Bucky said. “Not one bit,” Steve replied, still smiling.He tried to remember it but couldn’t. The first time he could remember using a p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Romance
Humor
Angst
Super soldiers have super feelings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

