Work Text:
See, here’s the thing: Steve has a problem. And for once in his life, it’s not that he’s only five-foot-four and too skinny or that he gets winded running up the three flights of stairs to the apartment he can barely afford by working at the school library and picking up other odd student jobs or that he’s basically blind without his glasses. Because Steve’s good with his hands and he’s been able to smudge charcoal into beautiful lines and shapes for as long as he can remember, and here, amongst the various studio arts students, that’s all anyone cares about. Because here, even with all his health problems and the way he misses certain social cues because he’s too caught up in his own head most of the time, here he’s almost painfully ordinary, just another art student with ink crawling down his arms and his hair shoved up in a careful mess who wears too many flannel shirts and the same pair of beat up boots almost every day of the year, regardless of the weather. For once in his life, Steve feels completely and utterly normal, and he spends his entire first year at NYU blissfully, ecstatically reveling in his newfound anonymity, so far removed from the bullshit that was high school and dumb bullies and petty comments about his small stature. And even as he starts to pick up a little bit of recognition at the end of his freshman year when a couple of his drawings are picked by the curator to go in the annual student show, all that amounts to is a pat on the back and a handful of people commenting on the precision of his line work, and no one even mentions the way that Steve’s breaths rattle in his chest every time he inhales because he’s getting over a cold. It’s nice, he thinks, to finally get recognized for something other than the way his thin body bows over every time he falls into a coughing fit. It’s nice, and Steve resolutely wants nothing to change because he could get used to life like this, to focusing on being creative more than whether someone’s going to throw something at him in the halls because they heard a rumor that he’s gay (which he’s not, strictly speaking, but people believe what they want). And everything looks like it’s going to stay that way as his sophomore year begins and he settles into his new classes and rearranges the furniture in the apartment that he still can only barely afford, except that three weeks into the school year, Steve discovers that he has a problem. His problem is embodied in almost six feet of cocky smiles and toned muscles and tattoos and it starts when his life drawing professor announces that they’re finally moving onto studying the human form and says, “This is James. He’s going to be our first model.”And the guy steps up onto the platform in the middle of the room and undresses without a lick of self-consciousness, smirking all the while, and Steve thinks, Oh, hell.---It’s not like Steve hasn’t drawn attractive people before. It’s not like Steve hasn’t drawn naked people before. He’s been taking extra art classes every summer since he was fourteen; figure drawing is not foreign territory to him. But this guy, this James, is somehow, appallingly, different, and Steve, who’s always prided himself on his work ethic, kicks himself every time he fumbles with his charcoal, telling himself that it shouldn’t matter that James is easily the most attractive model he’s ever drawn, because a figure is a figure and he’s here to draw, not ogle, dammit. He tells himself that it doesn’t matter that James keeps toying with his lip ring in the most distracting way, the tip of his tongue poking out of his mouth to run over the metal, and he tells himself that he’s not staring at the curl of ink that disappears into the shadow where it dips into the curve of his inner thigh, because he’s being academic, okay? This is life drawing and if you’re not looking, you’re doing it wrong, and it’s just observing, not anything creepy.  Not that James is any help in Steve’s efforts not to stare. James, who lounges around during breaks in little more than his tattered jeans and pads around barefoot to peek at people’s drawings. Who always leans in a little too close when talking to pretty girls and looks just a little too intently at pretty boys. Who openly flirts with the professor in an amazingly bold display that Steve, who’s been with but never been with people and hasn’t done really anything in a long time, finds himself envying, just a little. And then, the second week into James modeling for the class, he wanders over to Steve’s drawing table and lets out a breath and says, “Shit, you’re good.”And Steve just blinks, wanting to say something like thank you but finding that his voice is stuck in his throat. James turns to him, smiling, unfazed, and Steve can see that his eyes are startlingly blue and he’s got a piercing in his eyebrow to match the one in his lip and where the right side of his head is shaved, he has a tattoo of a red star. “What year are you?” James asks. St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - College/University

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

