Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Oh, Connor...
 
Stress Level: 91%
Connor stood shakily in the middle of the workshop, his hostage pinned against his stuttering, heaving chest. Panic nearly consumed him. In the android's trembling right hand, he held a gun to his hostage's temple.He didn't need to access his scanners to know that the heart rates and stress levels of everyone in the room were dangerously high right now, including his own. If he still had his LED, it would be swirling a bloody redredRED. 
Oh, Connor...
 
Stress Level: 94% 
His blood dripped sluggishly from the wound he had sustained earlier. As each blue drop made contact with the floor, the other people in the room, the Avengers, tried to subtly surround him and block his exits.Connor, the pinnacle of CyberLife design programmed with some of the most advanced warfare suites, knew exactly what they were doing. He needed to move quickly in order to salvage the situation. The negotiator in him knew what he needed to do.
Control The Room 
The android cybernetically brute forced his way into the building's AI in 1.2 seconds and just as quickly located the information that he needed.
Stress Level: 95% 
Hank was in the building."Bring me Hank Anderson!" Connor roughly shoved his gun into the hostage's temple for emphasis, his wild eyes rapidly tracking the others' movements. When he received nothing but disbelieving looks and hardening, threatening expressions from those around him, Connor realized he only had one option left.
Intimidate 
Connor clamped down on his spiraling emotions, his face becoming expressionless and his eyes going cold.
The Machine. The Deviant Hunter. The Killer.
 
Murderer.
 "Protecting Lieutenant Hank Anderson is my primary mission. " The Android took a steady breath and readjusted his grip on the gun.He snarled, baring his teeth."I always accomplish my mission." 
Don't have any regrets. You accomplished your missio-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hank Anderson & Connor

freeform: 
Family
Father-Son Relationship
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Time Travel
Alternate Universe
Post-Pacifist Best Ending (Detroit: Become Human)
Fluff
Panic Attacks
Flashbacks
Trauma
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Good Parent Hank Anderson

fandom: 
Hank Anderson & Connor

