Chapter 1: Clint's Halloween Treats
    




Chapter Text

Clint wasn’t as dimwitted as his SHIELD coworker liked to gossip about, in fact, according to his evaluation upon recruitment, he was smarter than most of them, he just never had the schooling or the opportunity to expand his knowledge and so showed his smarts in other ways. Proof of the point, his inhuman accuracy with every SHIELD weapon including his bow and arrows.


But still, here he was, mouth wide open, looking dumbfounded at the man in front of him.


To his defense, the man came out of nowhere, in a circle made of what looked like sparkles of electricity and behind him Clint was almost certain he could see a road with tiny houses all looking the same. Which was strange since they were currently on top of a building in Queens, where he had had to hide out on when the Halloween prankster teens had started to come out at the time his shift had ended.


“Clint Barton.” The man said. It wasn’t a question the man clearly knew him. “This is going to sound weird.”


Clint couldn’t help it, he snorted raising an eyebrow at the man.


“Okay, I guess you knew that already.” The man said with a sigh. “My name is Stephen Strange and I came to you with an important mission.”


Well now Clint’s eyebrow was raised for an all-new reason what could this man dressed as some type of Tibetan monk wanted with him.


“This…” The man said holding a hand out next to his head, which a bundle of clothes flew next to. “is the cloak of Levitation. Cloak give the man his mission.”


The cloak came to a stop in front of Clint unrolled a little and rolled around Clint’s wrist before he could react it was gone, doing the same to his other side, once done it place a weight into the circle it had created, it wasn’t heavy, but it was warm, and it moved a little.


Not sure if he should look down on what he was holding just yet he kept his eyes on the man in front of him, especially intrigued when the cloak simply fitted himself on his shoulder as a normal cloak should, though a normal cloak wouldn’t have put a rebel strand of hair back in it place.


“What is the mission then?” Clint asked wanting to get as much intel as possible.


“Protect him. My time is limited, I’ll be back later in the night several times if all goes well I have others to save before the night is over, then it will fall on you to complete the mission as you are the one who volunteered for it and I can not live in this time as I am now.”


Well, at least the man wore his name proudly. Since joining SHIELD and even before that, Clint had met mutants, supervillains, superheroes, but never one as strange as him.


“I’ll find you, Agent Barton,” Strange said then turned to walk back toward the still sparkling circle. “But if you may take your own advice, take Mister Coulson who is surely listening in on us, and Miss Romanoff and go to Budapest. I’ll find you wherever you are.” He threw a bag at Clint, who caught it with little difficulties even though his arms were full, and the portal closed leaving Clint alone on the rooftop once more.


“Barton report.” Came the familiar voice in his ear immediately.


“One sec.” He said he still had to look at what he was holding but something the man had said was stuck to the forefront of his mind. “Protect him.”


Clint looked down and there could be no doubt as to what he was holding. The bundle in his arms was a baby. A boy if the blue blanket around him was anything to go by. The blanket, itself was strange and for a second his mind focused on that, it was light blue and made of the softest fabric he had ever touched, and Natasha had some dresses made with the softest silk found on Earth, it was not just that though, it had stars twinkling and they seemed to move on their own.


Clint refocused on the important thing and looked at the baby boy, he was sleeping which was both good and a little worrying after everything that went on with Strange, as well as the noises coming from the street. He had a wild tuff of dark brown hair, a small button nose, pink cheeks, but what stood out the most was a fresh deep cut on his forehead that thankfully had stopped bleeding.


Clint made a split decision, one he hadn’t made in a long time, he moved the baby to hold him with one arm and clicked his earpiece two times, listening for the telltale disconnecting sound a few seconds before his personal phone started vibrating, he connected the earpiece to his phone and answered.


“Budapest should be lovely this time of year boss.” He said and breathed deeply, knowing that although Coulson might not agree, Phil would follow his instinct, it’s what gave them Natasha after all, and it saved their collective asses a bunch of times.


“Shit Clint!” Phil swore but from him, it was as good as a yes, he only swore when Clint asked him to keep things from SHIELD and especially Fury, which was basically what he was asking. “Be down in 15. Do we need anything special?”


“Car seat. I would say 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Sirius Black & Remus Lupin & James Potter
Sirius Black & Remus Lupin & Harry Potter
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Sirius Black/Phil Coulson
Loki (Marvel)/Remus Lupin
Severus Snape/Tony Stark
Arthur Weasley/Bruce Banner
Natasha Romanov/Nathan Stark
Clint Barton/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
MCU/Harry potter Fusion
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
from both fandoms
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Baby Harry
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Baby luna
BAMF Luna Lovegood
Harry Potter was Raised by Other(s)
Natasha Romanov Knows All
Protective Natasha Romanov
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Protective Clint Barton
BAMF Clint Barton
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Harry Potter was Raised by Remus Lupin and Sirius Black
(or will be and the Avengers too)
Marauders Friendship (Harry Potter)
Protective Remus Lupin
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Evil Albus Dumbledore
Ron Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Awesome Weasleys
Mildly Dubious Consent
in chapter 3 I will put a warning.
Mpreg
Male Slash
Femslash

fandom: 
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Sirius Black & Remus Lupin & James Potter
Sirius Black & Remus Lupin & Harry Potter
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Sirius Black/Phil Coulson
Loki (Marvel)/Remus Lupin
Severus Snape/Tony Stark
Arthur Weasley/Bruce Banner
Natasha Romanov/Nathan Stark
Clint Barton/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

