Chapter 1: Fresh Starts
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 – Fresh Starts 
 
		Steve Rogers rolled his shoulders as he fought to get into a rhythm with the exercise bag.  He needed to be careful to control his pace and the strength of his punches since he was in a public place.  The exercise room of the local Veteran’s Administration of Starling City was deserted at 8am on Easter Sunday but he didn’t dare slip.  He didn’t need to blow his cover by sending the bag across the room just because his anger and frustration were at an all-time high.
		The pound of his knuckles against the bag felt good.  The physical release of energy felt good.  Those things didn’t change.  The rest of his life had been upended quite spectacularly the last few months, leaving him unsure.  S.H.E.I.L.D had been ripped apart by HYDRA, an organization that should have been dead and buried.  Bucky, his brother in everything but blood was alive, not dead for 70 years like Steve believed, but he’d been brainwashed and abused and now he’d disappeared. 
		“We shut down Hydra, we shut down SHIELD.” Steve’s own words, condemning Shield to death, echoed in his brain.  Nick Fury had not been happy at hearing them.  ‘One has nothing to do with the other!’ He’d argued, but Steve hadn’t budged.  ‘You’re not part of Hydra, but you had the same ideas as they did! If we have to shut this down, we shut down everything!’  Had he been right?  He’d been so sure, but now, seeing the disarray the intelligence community was in, the way other agencies were picking through the carcass of SHIELD, he wasn’t as sure. 
		Tony Stark’s voice from years ago played loudly in his head ‘An intelligence agency that *fears* intelligence? Historically, not awesome.’  Much as Steve disagreed with many of Tony’s sentiments, in this he was right.  Peggy’s legacy to the world, the cause he’d fought for, turned out to be as corrupt as if the Red Scull were still alive and in charge.
		Steve hit the bag faster, controlling his power, but he stopped trying to control his speed.  “Stop wallowing.” He ordered himself, hearing Natasha’s voice in his head.  His decisions had changed the world for so many people, not just him.   Everything that had happened swirled around in his head.  He had too much time to think.  Chasing after the Winter Soldier with his wingman Sam had kept him from thinking too hard at first, but with no sign of Bucky, he’d had to give up the search.
		The chains holding the bags groaned in protest at the power in Steve’s blow.  Dialing it back a little, he breathed in and tried to calm himself.  Nat explained that as the Winter Soldier, Bucky knew how to go to ground better than just about anyone.  He wouldn’t be found until he was ready.  So the feelers were left out there, but there really wasn’t anything else that Steve could do.  Sam had gone home to his family until he was needed and Steve had found a new place on the opposite coast of his birth to try to, ‘find himself’ as Stark had called it. 
		Find himself?! He knew what he was, he was a soldier.  He just wasn’t sure who to fight for anymore.  For now the Avengers, when they needed him, would have to be enough.  The days of him working for a government agency were behind him for quite some time.   As Steve’s fist connected with the bag too hard again, he ignored the creaking chains and slight tear in the seam, finding it harder to rein himself back in again.  
		Inactivity wasn’t something he took well, but he had to accept that right now there was little for him to do as an Avenger or as Bucky’s friend.  The spy’s were the ones on the front now.  They found targets and then the people like him got called in.  And Bucky wouldn’t be found until he was ready.  That left a whole lot of time to think about his life and all the wasted time.  He’d sunk that damn HYDRA ship into the ice, lost 70 years of his life and it had all been for nothing.  HYDRA was still destroying lives, including his.
		“Cut off one head…” he muttered as he slammed his fist into the bag much harder than he meant to and watched as his hand penetrated the canvas of the bag.  Sand shot out of the newly formed rip on the opposite side.  Well at least he hadn’t shot the punching bag across the room this time.
 
		“Excuse me, I’m looking for muscles, ah,” the feminine voice jolted Steve back to reality.  He spun toward the young woman that had come in the side door.  As her words sunk in, he felt the corner of his mouth lift a bit.  “I mean, I’m not looking for muscles, I have my own.  Not that they’re nearly as nice as yours are.  It’s not like I’m standing here admiring your muscles or anything,” she rushed on.  “Because that would be really awkward,” she paused for a moment, blinking at him with huge eyes behind her glasses.  He was mesmerized.  Her bright lips and natural makeup were not that far off from what women of his time wore.   
		The more the young woman talked the more she turned red.  The color started at her neck and was wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Felicity Smoak
Oliver Queen/Felicity Smoak

freeform: 
Oliver/Felicity Friendship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Season/Series 02 Spoilers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Stelicity
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Felicity Smoak
Oliver Queen/Felicity Smoak

