Work Text:
The Winter Soldier stares blankly at Rumlow. "An interrogation?""That's what the boss-man said. C'mon."He doesn't repeat the question, just follows Rumlow out to the parking garage and into a car with tinted windows and two more handlers waiting for him inside. Still, he is puzzled. The Winter Soldier is an assassin, not a torturer. He specializes in dealing death as quickly and silently as possible. The fine art of making a man wish he were dead without ever striking the mortal blow is not part of his arsenal; persuasion, manipulation, knowing exactly where to chip away at a target's psyche, are as foreign to him as the sculptor's craft is to a statue. Even his own psyche is foreign to him most of the time. He suspects it's easier that way.Still, if there is one thing the Winter Soldier excels at, it's following orders.Another parking garage, another set of corridors, a trip downwards in a biometrically-secured elevator deep in the bowels of the building. He passes one of his guns off to a handler--he won't need it--and exchanges it for an extra set of knives. Rumlow hands him an object that looks a little bit like a baton but doesn't have enough weight to it. "Stun stick," he says. "Fun little toy."Without breaking stride, the Winter Soldier tests it out on his own right thigh, one of the few parts of him that isn't under body armor. It produces a satisfactory burst of pain that isn't disabling beyond turning his leg numb for a few moments. On a normal human the effects will be more severe but still non-lethal. He nods to Rumlow, holds a hand out for the holster, and straps it around his waist.Pierce is waiting for them at the cell. "There you are," he says with a genial smile, ushering them into the antechamber. "No trouble on the way over?"The Winter Soldier stands in silence. Pierce is a politician; small talk is part of his skill set. He knows very well that his prize asset has a very different skill set, and doesn't miss a beat when he gets no response. "We've captured the man who was pursuing you last night. He was with the target when you eliminated him, and I've got reason to believe the target passed some valuable information to him before he died. I need you to find out what he knows and who else he's told.""Why me?"Pierce looks annoyed at being questioned, but he answers all the same. "Let's just say I've got reason to believe you'll make an impact on him," he says. "I know it's not your usual line of work, but it's not complicated. Keep hurting him until he talks. The team who brought him in already softened him up for you. He's just had a dozen guys make him their bitch, he should be a wreck already."The Winter Soldier has forgotten most of the slang he doesn't need on missions, but he has no need to ask what 'making him their bitch' means. It's a phrase he's heard often enough, though always in reference to the pleasure of the men doing it, his own like or dislike of the activity being utterly irrelevant. The idea that it could be strategically used to render an ordinary man 'a wreck' is curious to him. "Is that a valid interrogation technique?" he asks."Hm?" Pierce gives a start, and pauses in confusion for a moment. Then he looks straight at the Winter Soldier and his eyes crinkle up in a smile. "You know what, why not? Give it a try if you want to. Just one thing, though..."The Winter Soldier waits patiently."Make sure he enjoys it." Inside the cell are three men. One of them, blond, well-muscled, heavily restrained, wearing the tattered remains of a dark blue combat suit--the man who followed the Winter Soldier last night--is curled up on the floor, and the other two are kicking him. More softening-up, evidently. The man on the floor doesn't look very softened; on entering the room, the Winter Soldier grabs one of the assailants by the collar of his t-shirt and hauls him back just in time to get him clear of a kick that would've cracked his shin."Leave," the Winter Soldier says flatly, and both of them cut and run without waiting to be told twice.There's a cot in the corner, bolted to the floor. He sits down and examines the captive before doing anything else. From this angle the man's back is to him, and the ripped-open combat suit exposes a great deal of flesh, mottled with bruises that are already going greenish-yellow in places as though they've been there for a week. Interesting. It's probable, of course, that this simply isn't the first fight this man's been in recently, but the absence of fresh bruising raises the possibility that he heals even faster than the Winter Soldier. The cuffs securing his arms behind his back are massive. A dull smear of blood between his buttocks confirms what Pierce told him about his prior treatment.The captive spits blood on the floor and, without moving the rest of his body, turns his head to get a look at the newcomer. His eyes widen. "You," he whispers hoarsely.The Winter Soldier is already thinking about what his knives could do to all 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
not safe for life
Irredeemable Garbage Porn
Rape
Torture
Interrogation
Knifeplay
Blood
Electrocution
Object Insertion
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Identity Porn
memory recovery
HYDRA PARTY FAVOR TRASH PARTY 2014
The Author Regrets Everything

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

