Chapter 1: Why are they looking?
    




Chapter Text
M
It had been happening a lot more recently and Peter just didn't get it not really anyway, like he was a nerd, normal and boring, no not even normal he was weird and boring and geeky. here he was just supposed to be Peter, the smart kid that only had a few friends.
So why were people looking at him! Oh no. Did they know?  No, they couldn't. Mr stark would have said something he has updates on all things relating to Spiderman and his identity monitored.

 

Every time he looked over to someone, Liz's group, in particular, they were looking at him like he was a piece of meat. but when they say them see them looking at him it would all be quick whispers and turning away.

 

Sometimes "Spidey Sense" was a slight inconvenience to day to day life in general. Because he could almost always tell when he was being stared at.

Come on dude your Spider-Man! You can find out why.

 

                  MISSION ANALYSIS  - P. PARKER

---- Gym Class: Day Before The Staring Started ----



HAD TO BE IN THIS CLASS PERIOD!
 [only interactions with anyone but ned happened in gym]
Had Captain Frisbees video challenge.
Completed but did not do to too well to give the game away.
Got stressed thinking about being at the airport and Captain Dinner Plate dropping equipment on him when he had no possible knowledge of my powers - therefore aiming to permanently injure me.
Wiped away sweat from stressy panic and also moving 
(Side Affect of Human #132 - Sweat ) - make note of on why I wish I was just slightly more spider than I am - file. 


 

The conclusion of analysis} NOTHING

 

He had no idea why people where starting to pay attention to him, no one would ignore him or purposely bump into him in the halls it was weird. He was being, respected? walking to his final period of the day, GYM, as always he noticed the increase in hushed whispers as he went to go get changed for the class. 

 

Noticing that his normally baggy Mid-Town Science t-shirt was smaller than normal he checked the logo, he had brought a medium rather than an extra large. 

 

Pulling on the slightly tighter t-shirt and feelingly slight self conscious that it was hugging his skin slightly closer than he was used to for clothing he wore in high school, like come on dude, he wore baggy clothes so that no one could see the muscles from his mutation which were getting bigger regularly due to his almost constant upper body work out while swinging through new york.

 

Stepping into the gymnasium. Early as normal so that he didn't have to share the locker rooms with other people. he sat on the bleachers stretched out, phone in hand. looking down at the chat full of memes on the discord server for the new spiderman reddit page. As more people came slowly into the Gym he felt more and more eyes focus on him.

 

- Student Perspective - 

 

Walking into the gym after seeing that the nerd who everyone thought was weak and scrawny Parker was actually buff as hell. Seeing him stretched out over the bleachers smiling down at his phone like a nutter. Wearing a slightly tighter than a normal shirt that hugged his arms and shoulders showing that the boy was built like a Baby Dorito. 

 

How had no one caught on to this, why did he hide that body under sweaters and button-ups and nerdy oversized t-shirts! Also, a question on every student's mind is when did this happen! 

 

But honestly, it was a play by play of what happened on every student's lips, everyone telling a slightly different version of events, some that I had taken his shirt of fully, others saying that it was a myth and he was just a skinny kid with no muscle mass to speak of.

 

But Peters gym class knew differently they had seent hat boy wipe the sweat of his brow and show off more abs then any 16-year-old boy in their right mind should possess. People were watching him in the halls like they wish they had x-ray vision to see under his jumper. People realizing that his sharp jaw and visible collarbones where because he was built like a god not that he was a lanky bean pole. 

 

Rope climbing, that's was today's agenda. And everyone in the class was avidly waiting for Peter's turn. They had never really paid attention to the nerdy boy before, in class, you couldn't ignore him he spoke too much, always with one question of the answer. why was he both strong and one of the top kids int he year, a full scholarship program to the school? Top of his classes or well he was, till he dropped by like 4 spaces and started showing up to school with black eyes and cut lips. but he was almost back on top now.

 

He was stood in line watching the other people climb the ropes. with half the class still giving him the side eye stare, it crossed his arms in front of his chest to try and hide slightly, unknowing making things worse by revealing a few inches of skin around his waist and tightening the fabric around his arms and shoulders. People watching him like vulture
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Mid-Canon
High School
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Spidey Sense (Marvel)
Strong Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has Abs
Good Peter
Precious Ned Leeds
Social Media
Instagram
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Real Intern
Precious Peter Parker
Smart Peter Parker

fandom: 
None
