Chapter 1: Trapped
    




Chapter Text
“Didn’t you tell him what happened Pete?” Toomes smiled, quirking an eyebrow in question, despite the fact that he already knew the answer.
 
Peter looked at Tony helplessly, and his mentor thought that he could see an apology shining through those wide, anxious eyes. “Isn’t that a bit irresponsible, being Spider-Man and all, you should let your mentor know how your fights really went, hm?” Peter grit his teeth as he glared and subtly twisted his wrists, hoping against everything that Toomes had been screwed over, and the metal cuffs weren’t real vibranium. “They’re real Pedro, paid cash and all,” he grinned again, the same false humanity and niceties shining through just like the night of homecoming.
 
“Don’t play nicknames and smiles, drop the act and give us your stupid villain spiel.” Tony snapped impatiently, Peter didn’t catch the protective flare in the mechanic’s voice. The truth was, Tony wasn’t impatient, he was quite happy to wait for Toomes to get to the monologuing, especially if it meant more time between now, and whatever he was planning on doing to Peter. Even more truthfully, the nickname ‘Pedro’ had irked him more than it should have, much more than it would have only less than a year ago, when Peter was still a relative stranger, just a teenager hidden behind a vigilante who he had needed help from during the Accords.
 
Peter meant a lot more to him now. That, Tony assumed, must have been why hearing someone else casually sprinkling what would normally be a friendly nickname into a conversation, was so angering for him.
 
“I feel like you’ll be regretting the rush soon enough, Stark.” Tony rolled his eyes as he tried to stretch out the best he could with his ankles shackled to an old set of pipes. Why do bad guys always have to pick old, leaky buildings as their hiding place?
 
“Mr. Stark is always in a rush and always regretting his horrible decisions,” Peter flashed Tony an innocent smile from across the room, a loose curl bouncing as he concealed a brief laugh. “So, you may as well skip to the bit where you threaten us, blackmail, whatever.” The teen shrugged awkwardly, his wrists bound behind his back with the vibranium cuffs.
 
“You two both seem quite eager to get started, hm? I think I can oblige easily enough.” The smile on Toomes’ face which wasn’t fading, sent the hairs along Peter’s arms and neck stand up, his body stiffening as his eyes roamed over his form. Peter’s gaze stilled over the slight bulge along the pocket band line of the villain’s pants.
 
“Mr. St –” He began fruitlessly, his warning cut off as Toomes beat him to the reveal, pulling the gun out and barely glancing at Tony as he aimed the gun at his head from across the room. “Wait! Wait – Toomes please, don’t.”
 
From the other side of what one could only describe as a cell, Tony looked taken aback, but worryingly unbothered by the loaded weapon, pointed straight at his skull form only a few feet away.
 
“You wanted to get started, well let’s get started then Pedro.” Tony’s left eye twitched slightly, but it went unnoticed. Toomes kept the gun aimed in Tony’s direction, but he stepped to the side of the room and kicked a large, metallic box over to where Peter was restrained. “Get in,” he said firmly, no room for arguing.
 
“You can’t just make the kid get into a damn box that may as well have been pulled from Saw.” Tony snarked, irritation clear in his tone. Peter was eyeing the box up, it was about the size of a regular crate, but it was made of metal and had glass sides.
 
“I can do whatever the hell I want, he ruined my life,” Toomes growled, waving the gun around and jabbing it in Peter’s direction. “Get in the box, now.” Tony rolled his eyes, but worry was beginning to pool in his gut as he watched Peter fidgeting anxiously. “I won’t ask again Pete,” Toomes warned as he turned on his heel and approached Tony. “You want to stay put? I’ll put a bullet through his skull.”
 
Peter recognised the tone in the man’s voice, it was the same as homecoming night, in the car, ‘I’ll kill you’ Peter couldn’t deny the truth behind Toomes’ statement, considering less than an hour later he had dropped a building on him. The worry in Tony’s gut was now raging in Peter’s, because if Toomes had no problem trying to kill a fifteen-year-old, what would stop him from killing Tony?
 
The gun finally reached Tony’s head, and Toomes had the barrel pressed against the mechanic’s temple as he stared across the room at Peter and the box.
 
“Okay,” Peter relented softly, slowly shuffling onto his knees clumsily as his hands stayed restrained behind his back. He wasn’t chained to the wall like Tony had been, so moving over to where the box sat wasn’t a hard task. “I just… climb in?” He asked unsurely, eyeing Toomes.
 
“Even if it were rocket science, you’d be able to figure it out Pedro. So, get in.” Peter blinked, his eyes meeting Tony’s and blatantly ignoring his minimalistic head shake as he stoo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Febuwhump
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Trapped
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Bisexual Peter Parker
Parksborn
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peer Pressure
Kidnapping
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Handcuffs
Gags
Asthma
Taken
Dehumanization
Collars
Blindfolds
Muzzles
Poor Peter Parker
"Where Are You?"
Fake Character Death
Graphic Description of Corpses
they're fake
Don't worry
Not Really Character Death
Major character death - Freeform
Superfamily (Marvel)
Fluff
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Torture
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Sokovia Accords
Wrongful Imprisonment
imprisoned
Brain Damage
Coma
Adoption
bullied
Head trauma
Amnesia
Alternate Universe
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
War
Bombs
Amputated
Violence
Angry Tony Stark
Anger
Wingfic
Angel Wings
Fallen Angels
Human Experimentation
Fallen
Merperson Tony Stark
Merperson Peter Parker
merperson au
Extremis (Marvel)
betrayed
Homelessness
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
car crash
Asexual Peter Parker
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Minor Implied/Referenced Non-con
Non-Graphic Non-con
It's Light and Non-Graphic I Promise
heartbroken
Mild Language
Damaged
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Fear
Memories
Breach - Freeform
Time Travel
Cancer
Abandonment
Insomnia
Regret
Stalking
Auctions
Auction AU
Creepy Nicknames
Slavery
Addiction
Blood Lust
battle field
Identity Reveal
shot
Period-Typical Homophobia
Biphobia
conversion therapy
Asylum
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicide

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

