Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He hesitates in front of the glass case. He’s not accustomed to having a choice, and choosing no longer comes easily to him. He’s also not accustomed to eating for pleasure. If he’s on a mission, he eats only when it serves the purpose of the mission. If he’s not on a mission, all the instances of eating that he can remember involve a kind of beige protein slurry with very little flavor. It is a food for survival, and it bears no resemblance to the array of cakes and tarts in the display case in front of him. He has no memory of ever having eaten anything like them, confections made of flour and butter and eggs, sprinkled with sugar or frosted with something even more decadent.His memory is a long dark corridor. He walks by room after room after room, but all of the doors are locked. But there are flashes. Faces, voices, and places that he thinks maybe he once knew. Sometimes light slips through the slits under the doors.The woman behind the counter is not impatient, but she is waiting. He shrugs. It is not as if he knows nothing of the world: he can hack computers and pilot jets and cross borders undetected. He no longer retains the names of his targets, but when necessary he can memorize huge quantities of information. But dessert has no strategic importance. He points at one of the items in the case. It’s a tart of some kind. There’s a crisp lattice of crust overlaying something golden. Baked fruit, probably. He can’t say why he picks it. It doesn’t have colorful frosting or elaborate chocolate decoration. It’s not the biggest or the most expensive, which seem like the most obviously rebellious choices. And he is rebelling; there is no doubt about that. He didn’t kill his target. He didn’t return to his handlers. Instead he pulled his target out of the water and ran.It’s been two days now. He knows it would be logical to get out of the city, but he’s waiting for something. Against everything he knows about hiding, he went to the exhibit on Captain America at the Smithsonian and looked at a photo of a stranger who might have been his twin from seventy years ago. He’s not sure what he wanted. An epiphany of some kind, a feeling of doors opening and light flooding in; whatever it was, it never came.He stole a new set of clothes and some cash. He broke into a pharmacy and someone else’s motel room and treated his wounds. The hoodie he stole will have to be good enough to cover up the rest. It’s sweltering in the city, far too hot to be wearing long sleeves and his hood up, but no one will say anything. He has his metal hand shoved into the front pocket of the hoodie. He pushes a crumpled bill across the counter with his free hand.He needs a moment to plan his next move. This diner is as good as place as any: there’s only one security camera, and he’s facing away from it. There’s the front entrance, and if necessary, he can jump the counter and push his way out through the kitchen, where there’s an exit into an alley. There’s a waitress out there taking a smoke break. She won’t be any trouble. Neither will the girl at the cash register.The cashier is tiny and blonde. She’s counting his change in her delicate hands. He has a strange urge to smile at her, or maybe wink. He can’t really remember how or why he might do that. It’s more light shining from beneath a door he can’t unlock. Smiling at her won’t help him escape SHIELD or HYDRA or anyone else who might be hunting him. He’s drawing enough attention as it is, bruised and peering out from under his hood.Besides, he’s already giving in to one frivolous desire. The cashier hands him his change and then slides a paper plate with a slice of tart on it across the counter. “Enjoy your pie,” she says, and he nods and picks up a plastic fork.Pie. Of course that’s what it’s called. He knows that word. He feels like he’s always known that word. How could I forget? he thinks, but then grimaces. How he forgets isn’t the question. What he needs to know now is how to remember.Even if he does remember, it’s hard to tell what’s real. His memory’s all disconnected, and he can’t know anything for sure. The diner seems real.He sits at a tiny corner table with his back to the wall. He surveys the diner, which is populated only by the cashier and an old man drinking coffee at the counter, and then spears a bite of pie on his fork. He makes sure to get both crust and filling, because he wants to do this right.The crust flakes apart as he bites into it. He tastes sugar and butter and the apple filling slides against his tongue. It’s sweet and warm and crisp like sunshine on the bluest of October days, as satisfying as crunching a dry red leaf against the sidewalk under his shoe. He never told Steve that he sometimes deliberately stepped out of his way if he saw a likely leaf, but once he caught Steve watching him and smiling. Steve was like that. Observant. Everyone else was shuffling through the streets of Brooklyn, just trying to make sure they didn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Recovery
Angst
Fluff
Oral Sex
Masturbation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

