Work Text:
Steve had been waiting for this moment. He’d known it was coming, of course, he’d been waiting diligently for news from his country in Wakanda ever since he and his team had arrived there. He’d been waiting with even more fervour ever since they’d taken Bucky, his Bucky, back to America, as though Stark could really be trusted to treat him. Steve winced slightly at the memory of the quinjet’s arrival. Bucky had been so nervous, God. He’d barely heard a word from his best friend since he’d left. Wanda rubbed shoulder and he flashed her a smile. He was so proud of how far she’d come under the team’s tutorage, especially Clint, he was like a father to her.

 “You ready for this?”

 She nodded, a fierce look twisting her features. She’d grown up so much already.

 “Stark will be delegated though, yes?”

 Steve nodded quickly.

 “Consultations and funding. Like he should’ve been from the beginning.”

 He scowled. No one on the team was really sure how Stark had ever progressed beyond that, and he was sure that as soon as they touched down on American soil, soil looming ahead as the compound came into view, that would be fixed. They’d be welcomed with open arms, and Steve would graciously solve the problems that had hindered them before. With Bucky at his side, of course. ******Tony could feel the eyes on him as he loosened and reknotted his tie again.

 “What do you want?” 

Soft footfalls and then an arm around his waist, tugging him against a broad, firm chest as a kiss was pressed above the collar of his shirt.

 “Y’see doll, we got real important guests comin’ in about four minutes, an’ I wanna be able t’see their fuckin’ faces when they see how goddamn gorgeous you look.” 

God he’d drown in that voice if he could.
“And what does the soldier have to say about you showing his boyfriend off to other people, dear?”

 He smiled over his shoulder, adjusted the tie slightly before leaning back into James’ arms.

 “Winter says that as long as they know that if they touch you, they’ll be dead before they have the chance to move away, he doesn’t care.”

 He laughed softly and turned to face James.

 “No blood on my new floors though, bellisimo. You think that red wine was hard to get out? Blood stains, and I’ve got an aesthetic going.” 

 James gave him a sheepish grin.
“In my defence sweet thing, a lesser man would’ve collapsed of a heart attack if he saw you lookin’ like you did. I think I was doin’ pretty well to only drop the glass. Anyways stop distractin’ me. Rhodes’ll have our asses if we’re late for this.” 

Tony chuckled and glanced up coyly.

 “Please. My honey bear would never. He’ll have your ass sure but he’d never do anything to me.” 

James snorted.
“Well if you want this ass in bed tonight, you’ll move it, doll.”

 He pouted softly, but led the way to the compound, noting the way James immediately tensed, gait elongating into what his spider son had dubbed the ‘murder strut’ as soon as the landed quinjet came into view. 

“Hey baby.” 

He murmured softly, hardening his features as the rogues came into view, but glancing appreciatively at Winter when he received a muttered “милый” before sliding his sunglasses into place. *****Steve wasn’t sure why it was so quiet as they all exited the jet, and the way the Stark industries logo was stretched across Bucky’s chest felt a little like an insult, but he was willing to let it slide, if only because he knew it was a slight from Stark, not Bucky. He waited for the others to disembark, Sam, Tasha, Clint, and Wanda, Scott had accepted a deal from the US government, something to do with his daughter, Steve had understood, before looking over at Stark. He looked..Steve swallowed. He looked good. Dressed to the nines in a slick burgundy number, the usual red tinted glasses hiding the warmth Steve was so accustomed to, with his hair tousled like he’d just rolled out of bed, and the wrinkles and smattering of silver that had been present the last time they’d been together gone. Plastic surgery then, or the most expensive treatment money could buy, whilst he and his team were out in Wakanda, with barely a dime from T’Challa, trying to make it through the year.

 “Tony.”

 Steve stepped forward, held an arm out. Everything in him was telling him to go to Bucky, but appearances mattered with Stark. He’d be the bigger person here. It’d been a year, Tony had to know he was right, the Accords were an abomination, he must’ve seen sense. Even with the glasses hiding Stark’s eyes, Steve could see the disdain as he glanced down at the offered hand, then swept his gaze across the lot of them.

 “Rogers. Now. Just to clear this up quickly because your early arrival has dragged me out of bed and I was promised pancakes last night, you are no longer funded by Stark Industries, or by myself in any capacity. Both Stark industries and myself have withdrawn funding from the Avenger Initiative, and although I have a private contract with Colonel Rhodes, Spider-Man and James
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
lets just ignore infinity war
a lil bit salty
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Bucky and the winter soldier are different people
Split Personalities
Mild Exhibition Kink
Not Natasha Friendly
honestly she’s a bit of a bitch in this one
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
give him a goddamn hug guys
tony Stark dresses nice

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

