Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter could safely say that he literally hated his entire life. For clarification, let’s review what’s happened to our poor boy so far. His parents died when he was like two, he lived with his aunt and uncle until he was bitten by a radioactive spider and his uncle was shot in front of him, causing him to be morally obligated to fight crime in one of the most crime infested cities in the world. That was fine for a bit until his childhood hero (Iron Man) barged into his life, basically became his father figure, shoved him into a war that grew out of a petty argument, and then accidentally took him to space where he turned into dust and a random purple dude wiped out half the universe. But wait, it doesn’t stop there! After his Mr. Stark somehow got him and half the universe out of a glowing orange rock, he was adopted, somehow got a boyfriend from Tennessee, still nobody at school believes that he has a stark internship except for like two people, and now this. Seriously, what even is his life?
	And “this”, by the way, was a single piece with a few simple words on it- which just happened to spell out his entire doom. He could literally hear his best friend, Ned Leeds, laughing at him from a few rows back, the hecking traitor. He could also hear the near-silent chuckle of Flash, even as he sat four rows behind him. You know, having enhanced senses from a radioactive spider bite can be a blessing and a curse sometimes. Unfortunately, it was the last period of the day, which gave Peter hardly any time at all to figure out how to hide his field trip permission slip from two super-spies and a sentient AI. Yup, it was a permission slip, and to Stark Towers no less. The very same Stark Tower where he stayed at on weekends and after school most weekdays. The very same Stark Tower in which he basically owned an entire floor, including a private lab. The same Stark Tower where his adoptive mom and dad, Mr. Stark and Ms. Potts, as well as his boyfriend Harley Keener, lived. The very same Stark Tower which practically no one at school, including Mr. Harrison, believed he had an internship at. Peter was hecking screwed.
	The last bell of school rang. The classroom emptied out within seconds.
	“Peter,” Mr. Harrison said. “Stay behind a moment.” Yup. Peter was hecking screwed.
	“So Peter, I bet you’re wondering why I wanted to talk to you.” 
	No I’m not, thought Peter. I know exactly why you want to talk to me.
	“Is everything alright, Mr. Harrison?” He asked.
	Mr. Harrison sighed. “Well Peter, I’m here to talk to you about your… Stark Internship.” Peter honestly wasn’t surprised. Mr. Harrison often ignored the conflicts between Flash and Peter because Flash was one of his favorite students, never mind that Peter constantly got better grades than him, or was constantly bullied. Still, he wished Mr. Harrison had a bit more faith in him. 
	“I know how difficult things are for you right now, but you need to know that it’s wrong to lie for attention.”“Uh, Mr. Harrison, I can assure you that my internship is very real, and I don’t really care for popularity.”
“ Very well Mr. Parker. I tried to give you one last chance, but I suppose we’ll see if you were really lying next Friday.”
“Yes, Mr. Harrison.” Peter stood up and left the room, but paused once he was in the hallway. “I guess we will see.”
.oOo.oOo.oOo.oOo.oOo. (this is a line break, I promise)
Happy honestly wasn’t too surprised when Peter slid into the car ten minutes later than usual, but that doesn’t mean he wasn’t concerned. 
“Hey kid, you were a bit late today. You good?” 
	“I’m fine, Mr. Hogan.” Peter plopped down onto his seat and immediately began looking through his phone. It was unusual for the kid to be so quiet, put Happy didn’t push it. Peter didn’t speak until they arrived at the tower, thanking him softly and getting out of the car. 
	Making his way through the crowded lobby and giving out a few smiles and waves to employees and interns he recognized, Peter walked through security and scanned his ID card at the elevators. 
	“Welcome home, Peter.” FRIDAY’s voice came on over the speaker. “Which floor would you like to go to? The captain, Mr. Barnes, and Mr. Keener are in the lounge, while Boss is in his personal labs.”
	“I’ll go to the lounge then, Fri. And could you tell Harley I’m coming?”
	“I already have.” FRIDAY answered, and with that, the elevators began moving upwards extremely quickly. That was one good thing about using Mr. Stark’s personal elevator- it was far faster than using the communal one, and it stopped for hardly anyone else. 
	The elevator doors opened and he immediately made a beeline for where Harley was reading on the couch, and put his chin on top of his head, draping his arms over Harley’s shoulders.
	“Hey Harles, whatcha reading?” Peter eyed the smoothie sitting on the table next to him. “Ooooo, did Steve make those?”
	“Hmm? Oh yea, he did, but you don’t get any. I think Bucky’s making cookies right now t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Stark Industries
Bucky bakes cookies
Bullying
Spider-Mom Natasha
Peter Parker-centric
Attempt at Humor

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

