Chapter 1: Out of the Blue
    




Chapter Text
Eddie lurched towards the steps outside his house. The stab wound in his side was leaking profusely despite the pressure he’d been trying to put on it. It was fortunate, really, that it had happened so close to home, but Eddie was still attempting to piece together an answer as to why it had happened at all.
 Not far now Eddie, just a little more. 
It had been a regular Friday night, and they had stopped off at the bar for a drink as per usual. Eddie would chat with the bartender a bit, and smile away at Venom’s running commentary, while practicing sending his replies via thought instead of out loud. After a few beers, they’d wander home while Venom whispered into Eddie’s ear all the things they were going to do to him when he got there. The walk back never took very long.But tonight, as soon as they’d left the bar, Eddie had been jumped by maybe three, possibly four men. They’d bundled him into an nearby alley, and before Eddie could even properly react, he had felt the white hot kiss of a knife being plunged between his ribs. The gang scarpered after that, not even trying to take his wallet.Eddie had just sat there in shock afterwards, staring at his hand covered in his blood. It had all happened so fast his mind had lost coherent thought. Without Venom, he might have still been sitting there.
 Eddie! We need to get home! NOW! 
It was the fear in Venom’s voice that compelled him to move. It knocked him from his daze and brought him back to the present. But without the shock, the pain kicked in. He pushed at his side, biting back a yelp, and tried to stem the bleeding. He began walking as quick as he was able, already aware of how wet his jeans were getting. He was probably leaving bloody footprints behind.Eddie dragged himself up the steps to their house, doing his best to hide his anguish so as not to alert the neighbours. The door was already open for him when he finally stumbled inside. He leaned against the wall, panting with the effort, and contemplated climbing yet more stairs. He was already starting to feel light-headed, and cold was seeping into his bones. Come on, Eddie. So close now,  Venom urged.“I don’t-” He swallowed. “I don’t think I can, love.” The world was starting to go wonky. He pushed his hand harder against his wound, but not even that could cut through the dullness taking over his mind.
 Then we will carry you.  
He found himself falling, as though a trapdoor had been suddenly opened beneath his feet. The drop was quick, but to Eddie it felt like slow motion. He saw the hallway shift as his perspective changed. His skin barely registered the malleable texture of the floor he was falling through. And then there was only black.It was probably only for the briefest of moments, not even a full second, but Eddie felt like he was back in Venom’s domain. Inky darkness swirled around him as he passed through it, but something was different. Through half-lidded eyes, he could see a white shape tinged with opaline colours. It might have been two white shapes, but the glimpse was too fleeting for his mind to catch it.He fell back into reality and was instantly caught by a safety net of strong tentacles. They lowered him to the bed, and before he had even reached the mattress, small tendrils buried themselves into his skin, blooming warmth into his being. The white shapes were quickly forgotten. We have got you Eddie. We will fix you,  Venom soothed, sending waves of reassurance across their bond.The tentacles cradled him as he was delicately laid down. They remained close around his body, fawning over his supine form. Eddie’s eyes were already fluttering shut, the knowledge of being safely within Venom’s embrace a powerful sedative. His head rolled to one side and a tendril, as small as a finger, butted at his lips. He instinctively let it in, and his mouth was flooded with a sweet liquid. Eddie drank it down as fast as he could.He had come to realise a long time ago that, while the nectar given to him by Venom would fill any hunger and quench any thirst he had, it was also a conduit for their healing abilities. It wasn’t the first time he had come home with an injury, but those were minor cuts and bruises compared to this.However, to Eddie, it didn’t really matter in what context the nectar was offered. He was all too aware of how much he had come to rely on it. There were days when he absolutely craved it. There was no other food or drink of earth like it, and Venom would always oblige him.Right now, it was rapidly soothing away all of the pain, and igniting intense pins and needles around the stab wound. His abs tensed at the sensation, and his skin itched as it was knitted back together.
 Nearly done, Eddie. 
He grabbed at the tentacles around him for a distraction. Their surface was reassuringly firm and smooth under his fingers, their sheer presence enough to calm any worry he had. They thrummed with strength and security, and Eddie tried t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
haunted house au
House!Venom
Smut
Tentacle Sex
Angst and Fluff
Porn With Plot
Mild Horror
lots of smut
a weird combination of fluff and angst and smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Venom's Opal Eyes

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

