Chapter 1: Trust Issues
    




Chapter Text
You gonna wear that?”Bucky seemed to stare at him at him incredulously. And maybe even a little frightened Steve thought. He had surprised him by saying it, hell he’d surprised himself a bit. But the time had come to say something.“It was never a problem before.” Bucky asked, standing by the bed as if unsure now. “Why the hell is it a problem now?”He always kept his shirt on, no matter what.  Never took it off. Any attempts on Steve’s part to remove it resulted in angry resistance. Steve did not understand this considering their physical relationship had resumed, but it was a weird proclivity. And it wasn’t the only one either.Bucky had issues with quite a few things it seemed.  It made Steve wonder exactly what they’d done to him. He knew it was bad. But he could never get him to talk about it. Any attempts resulted in shut down mode. It was confusing and upsetting to put it mildly.“I would just think you’d be more comfortable that’s all.”“It’s just the way its gotta be. “Bucky replied with a sharpness in his voice. “You still get to fuck me so don’t worry about what I’m wearing. When you do.”Steve did his best to pretend that didn’ t hurt a little. He knew he was doing it to hurt him, that it was a defense mechanism for whatever he was hiding but it stung just the same. “Is that all you think this is Buck?” He asked, getting up off the bed. “You know better than that.”Bucky looked immediately sorry, suddenly unable to look at Steve. “I’m sorry.”He walked over to where Bucky was and put his arms around him from behind. Slowly, carefully. He could feel him stiffen a little a little as he nuzzled his neck softly, moving his hair out of the way a little. He seemed to be staring off into nothing, something he seemed to do a lot, leaving his hands at his side.“I just want you to trust me Buck.” He whispered in his ear. “That’s all.”Bucky seemed to take a heavy breath. “I do trust you.”“No, you don’t.” He replied. “Not completely.”Steve knew it was true and so did Bucky. After he’d gotten home from the hospital it had taken a lot just to get him to come near him. To let Steve touch him at all. That had taken time. And once they’d started back up on the physical side, it still seemed like Bucky was still keeping his distance emotionally. Wanting it a certain way. Never fully undressed, always from behind. There were certain parts of his body he would not allow Steve touch either. And he never wanted to stay in the bed the bed after. Refusing to sleep there.The trust issues were severe, and it was stressful sometimes to sort them out. And this was the first time he’d brought it for discussion in quite a while.“You’re safe.” He said softly, nuzzling his neck again. “You know that right?”“I know.” Bucky replied just as softly, leaning into him somewhat unconsciously. As if a part of him was craving the contact while the other was resisting. “It’s just gotta be like this right now..”Steve nodded against his shoulder and lifted one of his arms to turn Bucky’s face to his, kissing him softly. He didn’t put up much of resistance to it, letting his flesh hand cover Steve’s other hand, entwining their fingers together. The other arm remained at his side, he was still a little afraid to touch him with it seemed. Another issue.“I love you Buck.’ He whispered against his lips. “I’ll take you whatever way I can get you.’He wasn’t expecting a response and didn’t get one. Ever since he’d found him in Romainia, Bucky had kept his emotions very close to him. Protecting himself. It had been a year or so but he was still like that. Steve knew they’d messed him pretty well to the point where he didn’t always trust people’s intentions. Even Steve’s. It was tough to keep his patience with it, but he did, trying to slowly build back the trust they’d always shared.“Steve?” He finally replied, his voice quiet, leaning against him a little more. “I’m sorry I’m like this.”“It’s okay.” He told him, pressing his lips into his shoulder. “You’re here.. that’s all that matters.”–They tried something a little different tonight. Not radically, but different.Bucky sat back against Steve, his legs on either side of his, back against Steve’s chest, feeling his lips on his neck. His body trembled softly at this, his breathing ragged. He could feel Steve’s hands sliding softly over the shirt he still wore, still insisted on wearing, and down over his bare hips, steering clear of the danger zones.They hadn’t engaged quite yet but they were close. Right now, Steve seemed to be establishing a little more trust. Getting him comfortable with being this close, with full body contact rather than only a couple of points.“You sure you don’t want to take it off?” He asked him, his breath tickling Bucky’s ear causing him to shiver. “Might be easier.”Bucky still had a thing about being completely naked. Especially when it came to his arm. The shoulder was another no touch zone and the shirt ensured that. At least for n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Marvel Universe
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Top Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Relationship Study
Relationship Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Abuse
Past Torture
Mental Health Issues
Mental Instability
Bucky Barnes Has Nightmares
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Comfort/Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
Romantic Fluff
Emotional Sex
Rough Sex
Dorks in Love
Work In Progress
Canon Related
Non-Canon Relationship
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
dangerous sleep issue
Bucky Barnes gets a cat
wanda maximoff is a good sister
Artist Bucky Barnes
Photographer Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

