Chapter 1: trapped
    




Chapter Text
It’s such a stupid thing. Everything seems small after Thanos and the war. Half the universe died and came back to life; after that, he feels invincible. Or at least Peter feels like their standard ‘Issue of the Week’ - honestly, it’s like he’s living in Supernatural or The X Files - isn’t a big problem. How wrong he is. He gets the notification while he’s out on patrol. Some kind of robots are attacking Manhattan – and really, don’t people ever get bored? The world just ended and started up again; take a break. Huh, he should put that on a billboard. Please Can Bad Guys Not For a While: Spider-Man is Very Small and Tired. Right. Crazy flying robots are wreaking havoc in Manhattan, or something. So he swings over as fast as he can, landing only a couple of blocks away from the Tower that Mr Stark used to own, and Karen patches into their comms. “Hey, guys!” “Oh, good, the kid’s here.” “Do I need to remind you that this kid once beat your ass into the ground, Sam?” Steve Rogers says. Peter grins. Once he’d…come back and they’d all gotten past what-the-fuck-Tony-he’s-a-kid, the Avengers had all pretty much accepted him straight away. Which is cool. He‘s totally cool about it. “Where do you need help?” “Check the buildings for civilians,” Steve says. “It won’t be safe if they start to come down.” As if on cue, a robot crashes into the side of an office block and sends debris raining down on the sidewalk. “Okay, on it!” 
“Hey! Welcome to the party, kid.”
 “Once again, Stark,” the Actual Freaking Black Widow says, “we need to rework your definition of party.” 
“Eh, details.”
 “Mr Stark!” Peter says. “Hey!” 
“Don’t sound so surprised, Underoos.”
 Except Peter has every right to be surprised because Mr Stark is supposed to be retired. They had a ceremony and everything. “Tony,” Steve says, “does Pepper know you’re here?” 
“…not exactly?”

 

“Christ, we’re all dead.”
 Peter sputters out a laugh as he beckons to some people cowering behind the cash register in a corner store. “Come on, come with me.” The back of his neck starts to tingle. Steve and Mr Stark are still arguing over the comms without any real heat. 
“Anyone could’ve handled this. Anyone, Tony.”

 

“Manhattan is my turf.”

 

“Stephen Strange lives down the road.”

 

“You see him here? Huh, Rogers?”
 “Come on,” Peter insists, nodding at the people. “Friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man, right here. You can’t stay here, guys.” A little girl starts to move, followed by a man who’s probably her father, and then the cashier. “That’s it!” Peter crouches down, going for the non-threatening approach. “Just let me get you out of here.” Something creaks above his head, too quiet for anyone else to hear it. He does his best not to look up; if the people panic, it'll be even worse. “Okay, so just head for those ambulances there. They’ll make sure you’re all right. Watch your heads. Got it?” “Thank you, Spider-Man,” the little girl says as her dad scoops her up and runs. “You got it!” Peter gives her an awkward mash-up of a salute and finger guns before looking around again. He freezes at the sound of a child crying out. “Kid, those buildings clear yet?” Sam swoops overhead. “We need somewhere to throw these bastards that isn’t the street.” “One second!” Peter sprints towards the noise. 
“What, are you going back in? Kid? Hey, Spidey!”
 “Hello!” Peter ducks into the rubble of what probably was a bank half an hour ago. “Anyone in here?” The crying gets louder. “I’m gonna help you! Just tell me where you are.” He catches movement out of the corner of his eye; a kid, maybe about three or four years old, stumbles over the piles of debris towards him. “Hey!” Peter runs over and crouches down beside them. “Hey, kid. Are you alone?” He gets a tearful nod, the kid’s lower lip quivering. “Don’t worry, I’ve got you now. Can I pick you up?” Another nod. “Cool. We’ll be out of here soon, kiddo.” Peter scoops the kid up and starts to jog towards the door. The building creaks again, showering dust on their heads. “It’s okay, it’s okay,” Peter chants when the toddler whimpers, “we’re nearly there.” He’s nearly at the door when it happens. The back of his neck starts to itch again, so Peter glances up in time to see Sam wrestling with one of the flying robots, kicking it away and sending it sailing into the bank, a few floors above his head. “Oh, shit,” Peter mumbles. 
“Pete?”
 He ignores Mr Stark. Something red and blue flashes in his line of vision. All he can do is launch the toddler through the air and into the waiting arms of Captain America. 
“Peter!”
 Mr Stark never calls him that. His senses scream and he looks up to see the Iron Man suit shooting towards him. The tingling on the back of his neck becomes a stabbing pain. Something crashes into him. Everything goes black.  “Kid?” Ow. “Kid, open your eyes.” It’s dark. He can’t breathe. Something is pressing down on his back, his legs, pinning him to the ground. No, he can’t be here aga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Irondad & Spiderson
Fluff
Angst
Humour
Whump
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
trying to tag without giving spoilers is a ride
Slight claustrophobia
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
writing challenge
Febuwhump
let's see if i can keep to deadlines lmao
probably not
Underage Drinking
Parent Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Canon-Typical Violence
Kidnapping
Hypothermia
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Not Really Character Death
Torture
Waterboarding
Bullying
High School Drama
Post-Endgame
Coma
Teen for language
Head Injury
Temporary Amnesia
may is done with your shit tony
Car Accidents
Hostage Situations
some time travel fuckery
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
this is so self indulgent lmao
but i'm glad you guys are enjoying it too
slight human experimentation
Gunshot Wounds
Asylum
Implied/Referenced Suicide
it's barely there but be careful anyway

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

