Work Text:
 Tony only has himself to blame.He’s always had a wild streak:  when he’d been younger, it had been both a cry for attention and an unshakeable desire to feel something-something that wasn’t the cocktail of grief and self-loathing he ruthlessly downed since his parents’ deaths; something that wasn’t the fabricated world of scandal and headlines; something that didn’t feel like drowning in existence. It’s why Tony gravitated towards the flashy, the fast, the loud, the wild, the danger, and Barnes – well, Barnes oozed danger and Tony. Well. Tony liked it.It might be because he’s got a death wish; he’s gonna be honest, it’s an appeal.Bad boys are a type that never goes stale, in Tony’s opinion, and the Winter Soldier is as bad as it gets in all the right ways.There’s just something about a guy clad in that deadly sort of confidence; the swagger compounded by the broadness of their shoulders and the thickness of their thighs, and the ability to exude the threat of death through his pores, and then doing it with a wink, and it’s just. Tony’s a bisexual man standing in front of a guy with Bucky Barnes’ face, and he’s weak.But he can shake it off. He totally can.Tony is great at repressing his feelings and coping in questionable ways, it’s kind of his thing. Besides, it’s just a stupid, superficial attraction.Barnes has no redeeming qualities.None whatsoever. It’s a consistent reminder, a relief, something to be grateful for.Having the Rogues back is a headache enough but feeling anything more than a stirring in his dick for a guy he already has a complicated history with is asking for it.It’s why Tony’s glad. He is. That this attraction is puddle deep.After a shouting match with Barton over weapons Tony refuses to supply him with because I’m not your goddamn sugar daddy, you hypocritical fucknut, and his day swamped with meetings of Avenger-related issues to iron out and SI board meetings Pepper insisted he behaved at, Tony has to remind himself to be thankful for things; it’s a technique he’s learned to get him through days like today, and his thing over Barnes always ensures he has at least something to be grateful for.Nonetheless, he goes down the list:No one died. Awesome.Rogers got benched for the next mission. Perfect.Romanoff tried to hack into his system again, and Friday toasted all her accounts and every electronic device in her possession. Serves her right.The Witch is on permanent lockdown with Loki of all people, and Strange and Wong are babysitting. Everyone involved is greatly unhappy. Fucking amazing.And Barton’s still not getting any weapons from him.Peter did great at the showcase. Proud of him. T’Challa handled the entirety of the Moroccan episode. Thank fuck. Rhodey is pining after Carol, and Carol’s totally pining after him, and neither are aware at all. It’s glorious. Pepper and Hope are boardroom tag-team gladiator queens. It’s terrifying. Happy and May are dating, Peter, is horrified. It’s hilarious.And its day 32 since the Rogues’ return, and Barnes is still just a shallowly attractive monstrosity with a man-bun.In hindsight, Tony’s day is going great.He steps into his Workshop, and then it’s not. Because Barnes – Barnes is playing fetch with DUM-E. He’s all soft and happy and there’s not even a hint of his Murder Face not even when he turns and sees Tony. Barnes seems just as surprised at his presence and fails to catch the ball DUM-E hurls at him. It bounces harmlessly off his forehead with a cheerful fop, and Barnes just looks so awkwardly embarrassed about it, and. Oh god, Tony is in danger. “Sorry,” Barnes babbles, making it so much worse, “I didn’t mean to – I was – I wanted – I saw ‘em here the first time I came in for tests, and Miss Friday said I could meet ‘em as long as I didn’t touch nothing and I -”“You wanted to meet DUM-E?”Barnes frowns then, a hint of Murder Face between his brows. “He’s not dumb.”Oh my god, Tony chokes. “No, no, his name. It’s D-U-M-E.”“Oh,” now the Murder Face is more inquisitive. “Why?”“I was nineteen and a D-U-M-E,” Tony says finding some semblance of being back on the right ground. No one’s ever appreciated his childish sense of humor; no doubt Barnes will judge him for it and there’ll be a strike to his name and a smudge on his attractiveness and –Barnes’ eyes bulge. “You made him at nineteen? That’s incredible, he’s –” Barnes turns his attention back to DUM-E, who’d closed the distance established between them during their game of catch, ball in his claw and drooping slightly as if he wants to rest it on Barnes’ shoulder like an overgrown puppy that wants attention, and pats his frame, breathing out, “He’s amazing.”
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuckity fuck. 
DUM-E makes a series of beeps, and Tony knows he’s so fucking fucked because the oldest of his creations, his first, has decided he likes Barnes, and Tony tells himself it doesn’t have to mean anything because it just doesn’t.But then, suddenly Barnes is a fixture and it all goes to shit.It all 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War
not team Cap friendly
Pining
Tony has a type
And Then He Doesn't
winteriron
this fic is soft
Soft Bucky
He's murderous on the outside and squishy on the inside

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

