Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The school bell seemed to take days to finally ring. Peter was exhausted from patrolling late last night and was thankful that he’d agreed with May to take tonight off to have one of their Friday night movie nights they used to love so much. Peter hurried out of school, doing his best to avoid Flash and jumped on the train home. It took nearly an hour for the train to reach his stop, as the busy Friday rush was paired with a faulty vehicle, as the train would keep sputtering and slowing between stations. If was a relief to finally see his apartment building looming closer as he walked home, and Peter was so exhausted he barely noticed the haggard looking man climbing the stairs to the top floor of the building beside him with a large duffel bag on his shoulder and a cardboard box in his arms. Peter’s mind flicked into life as the man turned down the same corridor as Peter. Turning around, Peter frowned as he caught a brief glimpse of the man’s face beneath his hat and vaguely recognised the chiselled features, though they were masked by a shaggy beard and long hair. Peter shook off the feeling of recognition when he couldn’t place a name to the face straight away, and merely took out his key and began unlocking the door, as the man with the box did the same at the once-empty apartment down the hall. So, he must be their new neighbour. Peter knew he should say hello and introduce himself, but he was tired, and his spidey-sense had been bugging him since he entered the building. So, Peter just went into his apartment, threw his bag on the ground and flopped onto the sofa, falling asleep almost immediately.***“Hey, Peter!” May’s jolly greeting caused Peter to jump, startled awake, and almost fell off the sofa. “Oh, I’m sorry, honey! Were you asleep?” May asked as she hung her coat, put down her bags and approached the couch where Peter was laying. “It’s fine,” Peter said, rubbing his eyes tiredly as he sat up against the back of the sofa. “How was your day?”With a smile, May sat back on the sofa next to Peter and began playing with his curls. “Oh, you know. Janet was being a pain again in work, but other than that it was pretty normal. I bumped into our new neighbour on the way up here.”“Yeah?” Peter asked, suddenly more interested – maybe May would know where he recognised the man from. “Yeah, he seems nice,” May said absently as she began placing an online order at their local pizzeria on her phone. “We chatted a bit. He said his name’s James and he’s living on his own. Oh, and he said he’s working at the mechanics, I think the one near the opticians you used to go to.” James? That wasn’t ringing any bells in Peter’s head. Maybe he just looked like someone Peter knew. “I thought it’d be a good idea if we took him some flowers or something tomorrow as a house warming gift,” May continued. For some reason, this made Peter laugh. “I saw him when I came home before, he doesn’t seem like the sort of guy who likes flowers.”  “Really? I was getting a bit of a gay-vibe from him,” May said. They both giggled. “What do you suggest we get him then?”“I don’t know,” Peter shrugged, getting up from the sofa to head to the kitchen. “A beard comb? Hair ties?” Peter threw some bread in the toaster. “Something more manly? Beer?”“I think we’ll stick with flowers,” May laughed. “And stop eating, I literally just ordered pizza.” “I know, but I’m really hungry,” Peter shrugged. ***It was too early to be up and about on Saturday morning, but that didn't stop May from dragging Peter to the supermarket. Peter was leaning heavily on the shopping cart as he lazily followed May around the store. “Oh, I almost forgot,” May announced hurriedly as they strolled down the isle lined with loafs of bread. “We need to get James from next door flowers… and I’m thinking something else as well – I don’t want him to get the wrong idea from the flowers… how about one of those mini gift-boxes of different teas – he looks like he could do with some tea in his life.” Peter was barely listening at this point but stood up straight when he heard his name. “Peter, can you go and find some manly-ish flowers from the little florist’s bit please?”“Manly flowers,” Peter laughed to himself as he walked off. Peter decided that blue would be the most suitable colour, don’t ask why. So he grabbed a medium sized bunch of delicate blue flowers with white ones of the same species mixed in, that he didn’t know the name of and found May again. “What?” he asked May when she frowned at the herbal teas in her trolley and the flowers in Peter’s hand. “It just looks like a self-help hamper; but it’ll have to do,” May shrugged, making Peter laugh. “Let’s go.”***Peter rolled his eyes as he left the apartment with the flowers and selection of teas for James. May had insisted that he had to take them in case James thought May was trying to hit on him, despite the fact that May was still convinced he had a ‘gay-vibe’. His phone buzzed in his pocket an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Fluff
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Hurt Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Feels
Missions Gone Wrong
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Hurt Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

