Chapter 1: The Fire Escape
    




Chapter Text
“I’m sorry Peter, I don’t think that would be a good idea.”Steve smiled down at his young friend. Stomach flat to the floor, face animated and feet rocking through the air, Peter continued in earnest. “But this has been so helpful, Captain Rogers! It really puts a human face on history, and I’m sure the kids at school would find it, like, super useful.” A beat passed, detachment shuttering through his body reflexively. “I get it though, sir, no big deal. You have stuff to do, important stuff with Mr Barnes and Mr Fury-”Bemused, the former soldier shook his head, rolling his eyes skyward. Momentarily, he recalled days long gone, boundless enthusiasm and bouts of anxiety and Bucky clenching his jaw in answer.What had started as a few stray homework questions had spiralled over the course of the afternoon. What was life really like during the Depression? And food? What did you think the first time you saw a refrigerator? How much did a Coke cost? Was Brooklyn safer then? Can you remember the first time you got in a car? A plane? Did you vacation with your mum? Why were boobs so pointy? Where did you work before the war? Gaining pace, the young genius had led Steve through his childhood and adolescence and crashed onwards into the war years, skirting dangerously close to topics the Avenger would rather guard.“What do the kids find useful? Ketamine? MDMA? I’m down with the kids.” Tony stalked in, one grease-stained hand gesticulating while the other clutched a tumbler of whiskey.Peter relaxed again and chuckled, shaking his head and rolling onto his back to stretch cat-like on the rug. “At Midtown? No way,” he replied. “I’m trying to convince Captain Rogers to come and talk about the Great Depression in Mr Akito’s history class.”“Like I said, Pete,” the blond hero replied. “It’s Steve. And we didn’t call it that.” He turned to Tony. “Kid thinks he can swap out his paper for a walking, talking diorama. Nice try, eh?”The billionaire nodded along, waving his free hand in circles. “Let me know when you hit the eighties, kid. I’ll be there in a shot.” He collapsed into the chair nearest his young prodigy. “Besides, Captain Spangles doesn’t exactly fly under the radar.” He patted the sofa cushion, and the boy shyly unfolded from the floor and joined him, leaving a wide, formal berth. Tony rolled his eyes at Steve and threw an arm around the boy’s neck. “What do you say to pizza? The old man wants cabbage stew, but I think gastronomy has evolved since the seventeenth century.”“Vegetables are important, Tony,” the soldier explained patiently. “Perhaps if you ate a bit more cabbage and a bit less pizza, you wouldn’t have had to replace the paunch panels on the suit.”The playboy looked up severely. “Secret paunch panels, Rogers.”Peter smiled, leaning into his mentor’s side. “Pizza or cabbage would be great, but I said I would be home for dinner. Aunt May’s frying tofu.” He let out an unmanly giggle as both faces curdled. “Just going to patrol for a little while first.”Both adults rushed to reply. “If you turn up to one more armed rob-“ the billionaire began. “Shall Buck and I keep you company?” Steve asked, eyes nervous.The teen stood, grabbing his bag. Indelicately, he shoved the history textbook in while tugging the red suit free. “Nah, I’m good.”***It had been a quiet journey home – one stolen bike wheel, one lost puppy and a simple shoot-and-web in a dingy alley not far from the Tower. Jerkily, Peter wriggled out of the suit in the shadows behind the recycling bins, pulling on a hoody and jeans away from prying eyes. Slowly, quietly, he clambered up the fire escape, pausing outside of his window to suck in gulps of fresh air.Cross-legged he surveyed the city below. His city, his view. Even before OsCorp, before the spider and Tony and everything else, this had been his favourite spot. May had never liked it, shrieking the first time she found him there; Ben has burst in, seconds later, baseball bat in hand.“He could fall!” she’d insisted, wild-eyed.Ben – tall, solid, safe Ben – had chuckled. “Pete. Promise my wife you’re not going to fall.” The eight year old had giggled and promised. “Do you miss having a garden, Pete?”May’s eyes had softened.“It’s not that,” said Peter. “I just. I dunno, I just feel closer to them.” His eyes tracked upwards before dropping to his lap.“That’s ok, kiddo. Just be careful.”The landing wasn’t quite big enough for an adult and a growing child, but often Ben would sit on the bed, back to the window and read the sports pages while Peter lounged on the grate, wrapped in a blanket and staring at the stars. After the shooting, he’d found himself out here more and more, his lengthening limbs folded, knuckles white as he clutched the bars and stared up, searching for stars amidst the clouds.This particular night the sky looked bruised. Heavy and purple, sinking into the city and turning orange where it kissed tenement roofs.  Steeling himself, Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Sexual Harassment
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
References to Drugs

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

