Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Dating Peter Parker is like slipping into a warm bath after a really hard day. Even though Gwen grew up here, New York is a difficult place in which to live, even for the privileged few like her. Every night the news has more wretched deaths and crimes to report, and every day Gwen clings to her bag, thinks of Peter, and prays not today.

She used to do that for her father, too, but... well, that's a sadder, darker thread for another story. Gwen doesn't like focusing on that too much.

But Gwen's troubles are deeper than just living in a hectic city. She has to maintain perfect grades, perfect attendance, perfect work at her job at Oscorp, perfect style, and perfect daughter-ship. She's not allowed to be flawed, not where it counts. And Gwen Stacy is not one to back down from a challenge like that, even when it puts bags under her eyes that she carefully conceals with Dior makeup. She wants to do good things and go great places, and she can sacrifice some childhood to make those dreams come true.

Peter, for all his flaws, makes it easier. Yes, he's bad at communication and yes, he's truly horrible at keeping promises, especially when they're time sensitive and there are sirens in the distance, but he tries. He makes Gwen feel so perfect that she doesn't have to work for it, and that's worth it to her. Peter looks at her like she is the sun in his solar system, and his every day revolves around soaking up her brightness. What teenaged girl would ever turn that away?

Dating Spider-Man is, by comparison, like applying scorching heat to a frozen surface and watching it melt. He's just so sexy. Spider-Man flings and contorts and somersaults and snarks, and it's so hot Gwen can barely stand it.

And God, that ass.

It's such a conflict for her, because one minute she's watching Spider-Man save the day from some evil idiot with a machine gun or a machete or something on the news, and the next she has a pile of Parker curled up on her floor, bruised and cuddly. It's like romantic whiplash.

Gwen supposes she keeps it together by remembering that Spider-Man is hidden in Peter and vice versa. The adorable guy she's on-again-off-again dating is also the stunningly sarcastic superhero of New York, and that cocky asshole of a superhero is also her shy and lovable boyfriend. Those two sides equal a dreamboat; it's getting to see both sides at once that's the challenge.

Like right now. Peter's wearing the suit that makes Gwen weak in the knees, but her mind is so far from sex it's almost sad. They're in an off-again swing because Peter feels morally obligated to follow her dad's dying wish, but Gwen knows better than to think that can hold Peter off for long.

"God, I just need to hold you right now," he mumbles into her hair. He's dirty and tender in the ribs, but he's mostly unharmed. It's been one of his better patrols, then, at least as physical injury is concerned. Something shook him emotionally, though, because he isn't usually this clingy.

"What happened?" Gwen asks softly, ignoring the fact that they're not currently a couple. She makes herself comfortable in his lap and allows him to wrap around her like he actually does have eight limbs. "Peter, tell me what's wrong."

Peter shakes his head and makes a pathetic noise. "It was nothin'."

She pokes him in the obnoxiously well-defined bicep. "Don't lie to me, Peter. Tell me what you fought tonight, or it'll eat you up inside. You know that."

Peter sighs and the agony of it makes Gwen wish she hadn't asked. "Domestic violence case," he whispers. "In an alley, so no one called the cops or anything." Peter drops his head to her shoulder, and his voice cracks. "She was so scared, Gwen. He was gonna kill her, I know it. He had this broken bottle, and she already had cuts all over her body. And I know I saved her, but how many other cases like this are there where I wasn't there to help? How many women have died from loving their boyfriend too much? And then I thought of you and your dad, and I know I should be staying away, but I needed to make sure you were safe, Gwen, I just had to know, and I'm sorry I'm so bad at this but I hope you never look at me the way that woman looked at that guy."

Gwen bites her lip and swallows down the mass of conflicting emotions welling in her throat. She sympathizes with Peter so much sometimes, but he continually tries to think for her, instead of accepting that she can make her own decisions. She's told him so many times to stay with her, but time and time again he pulls away. He's only bad at this relationship because he refuses to let Captain Stacy go. Gwen loves her dad, she does, but he had no right, none, to tell her boyfriend off like that. She is her own person, and she refuses to let men decide her fate for her. That is not Gwen Stacy's way.

Peter doesn't need that argument right now, though, and Gwen really doesn't want 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
(that's my favorite tag)
BAMF!Gwen
Spider-Man specific sex acts
such as!
clinging to walls and ceilings for devious means
using spidey-senses for devious means
Autofellatio
and more - Freeform
Fluff
5+1 Things
First Time
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Kink Exploration

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

