Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When the Triskelion fell Dr. Amanda Newbury was on the twenty second floor, in the infirmary, running a stress test on an agent. When the intercom crackled to life and Captain Roger’s voice echoed in the room they all stopped and looked up, even the agent on the treadmill hopped his feet to the side so he could listen.
Don’t let control take the place of freedom.
The silence in the infirmary was deafening. Amanda scanned the other people in the room. Two nurses, one she’d known two years, the other new to SHIELD. The agent on the treadmill. Two in beds, one being stitched by her veteran nurse, the other recovering from a blood draw. They were all eyeing each other with a mix of suspicion and dread. It was an awful moment. Not the worst of her life, not by a long run. But terrible, nonetheless.There was the rattle of gunfire in the distance. The sound broke the spell. The agent getting stitched glanced at the one recovering from his blood draw, whispered, “Hail Hydra,” and reached for the instrument tray next to his nurse. Amanda dropped her clipboard, grabbed the gun of the treadmill agent off his pile of clothes and shot the Hydra agent before he could touch her nurse.The man on the treadmill vaulted over the handles and tackled the third agent to the ground before he could reach the doors. When he was subdued he turned back to Amanda, who was aiming his gun at him. They had a second tense moment, eyeing each other. Amanda didn’t consider herself a warrior. She was not a field agent. She stayed in her lab or infirmary and dealt only with the aftermath of violence. But she had learned, a very long time ago, to trust her instincts. It went against everything she had ever learned about logic and evidence and facts. But guts had saved her far more often than thinking ever had.So she took her finger off the trigger and put the gun back on top of the agent’s clothes.He smiled and stepped towards the pile, pulling his shirt back on. “I need to get out and help the Cap if I can. Will you be all right in here?”She nodded, glancing at her nurses. “We’ll stay and offer medical help for as long as possible.”“I would suggest locking the doors and hiding out, ma’am.”That was probably good advice. Logical. But again, she had to go with her gut. “I’m a doctor. People will need help.”The agent studied her. She wished briefly she remembered his name. It was at the top of his chart, on the clipboard she had dropped. She did half a dozen stress tests a week and had never really taken note of the agents’ names. She wondered how many of them had been Hydra. She wondered how many of them were now dead.The agent seemed to come to some sort of decision and nodded. “Good luck, ma’am.”“You too, agent.”He gave her an odd little salute and left, closing the door firmly behind him.Her nurses were staring at her. Amanda swallowed hard and walked to her desk, opening the drawer that held her own side arm. “You can leave. My decision is not yours. He was right, it is likely safer to run.” She checked the magazine to ensure the gun was loaded, then slammed it back into the butt. “I think it’s safe to assume that SHIELD no longer exists. We no longer have jobs. There is no reason for you to stay.” She forced herself to look over at the two women. “You’re both excellent nurses. If we survive, I will be happy to write glowing recommendations for you both. I’m sorry this is how our working relationship will end.”Without a word, Stacey, her nurse for two years, ran to the door and fled. Amanda wasn’t terribly surprised. Stacey had only recently gotten engaged. She had a great deal to live for. She looked at her remaining nurse, Tiffani Myers. She’d come on board all of four months ago. A decade younger than Amanda, she was pretty, blonde, and looked like she should be named Tiffani.The girl tipped her chin up. “Granddad was an agent under Peggy Carter. He’d tan my hide if I ran now.”Amanda felt a brief smile cross her face and nodded. “Right. Pack a supply bag, focus on wound care. I want to be able to bug out at a moment’s notice. If you have a weapon, arm yourself.” Without a word, Tiffani went to the supply cabinets to obey.In the end, they left before any wounded made their way to them. Once the helicarriers started coming down it was obvious the building was no longer safe. The race through the halls was terrifying, especially with an unarmed Tiffani at her heels. But everyone else they saw seemed more interested in escaping than attacking.They set up triage a few blocks away, on the grass of a park. They had only the two go-bags they’d packed. Emergency crews brought wounded to them and ambulances lined up on the street to take as many as they could. EMTs resupplied her as best they could, in between taking wounded away. Amanda took charge early on, running between the rows of bodies on the lawn. Tiffani held her own, even pressing water and granola bars into Amanda’s hands when she could.They were still there w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Recovery
Fluff
Angst
Eventual Smut
Some Romance
Some Humor
Plot
Mentions of Past Assault
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. References
Slow Build

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

