Chapter 1: Introductions
    




Chapter Text

 
Tony was torn between terrified and resigned. He had known this moment would come eventually, but that didn't make him less scared of what was coming.

Hopefully it would be quick and painful. Though even a slow death could hardly be worse than his life currently was.
 Rough hands pulled him along, his feet dragging behind him since he just didn't have the energy to keep up with the guards' fast pace as they escorted him to the transport area.
A plane was already waiting, a dark, one-eyed man in a long leather coat standing next to the entrance, holding extra shackles.
"Omega." That's all the greeting Tony got before more chains were locked around his wrists and ankles, it didn't matter anyway, Tony had nowhere to run. Without explanation, he was pushed into the plane and pushed into a chair where they took off his restraints. The worryingly thin brunet simply curled up on the soft seat and kept quiet. He rubbed the reddened skin on his wrist, trying to avoid looking at the scarred limbs.
They had found him an alpha. Someone somewhere either matched with him, matched the mark on his arm, or he'd been sold to the highest bidder. If was younger, prettier, smooth skin and a fresh scent, this would have been an exciting trip. But Tony had been broken many times over. He was damaged goods, sent to an omega facility to wither away after his parents died and Obediah refused to take him in. Abandoned until half an hour ago when he got dragged out of his cell and forced under a shower.
Whenever a damaged omega matched, they knew it wouldn't end well. No prince charming would match with a used omega. Only psychopaths and abusive alphas did. Tony couldn't even hope for a quick death, afraid he would only jinx himself and end up in the hands of a serial killer. Or maybe he would end up in a whore house after all.
The one-eyed man joined him in the plane in silence and not long after, they took to the sky.
 
"What's your name?"
The question startled Tony. First of all since it seemed to be aimed at him. But that was nonsense. People didn't ask him questions. So he looked around the cabin, carefully, to see if anyone would answer, but the only other passengers were a few guards.
"Omega, what is your name?" The question came sharper this time and Tony's eyes widened when he realised it was meant for him.
Did he answer honestly? Or with his registration number?
"Anthony, seven-nine-six, Sir." Both would do right? Even so, he couldn't get his voice louder than a whisper, not with the scars on his tongue and his throat raw from lack of water.
It felt like the man was staring, but Tony didn't dare look up. It was basically rule number one; don't make eye contact.
"Anthony. Do you know where we're going?"
Was that a trick question? Why would anyone have told him? Did the man expect him to break the rules and listen to conversations he wasn't suppose to hear? He simply shook his head and mumbled a soft "no sir" for good measure.
The man was silent for a while and Tony just assumed the conversation was over. That's why he flinched when the alpha spoke up again.
"We found your match."
The omega automatically looked at his scarred arm, where his soulmark was barely recognisable. He swallowed thickly. Who would match with someone like him? And more importantly, why had it taken so long to be matched? Was his alpha that much younger than him?
The man didn't speak again so neither did Tony. Instead, he thought about the fairytale of a soul bond, let himself dream of a kind alpha, wonder who would wear the matching mark on their body.
Eventually Tony drifted off, dreaming of a black panther running free.
 

 
The king was pacing back and forth before his throne, cursing beneath his breath while his mother and sister stood by in silent support.
"How dare they... If they hurt him... I'm going to-"
"Brother enough." Shuri cut through the rambling, a hint of worry in her voice. "You have not even met your omega and you're already losing your mind. Breathe brother. He will be just fine."
T'challa sat down with a heavy sigh, leaning forward to rest his head in his hands. Part of integrating Wakanda had been connecting their soulmate database with the rest of the world. Just a few matches had occurred so far, but one of them was his.
Somewhere in America his soulmate was locked away. He wished he shared the hope his sister had, but he knew realistically /something/ was wrong.
When the notice came of the African king having matched with an American omega, politics got involved. Not long after, it was discovered the omega lived in one of their... Facilities. Good news; he was not bonded yet. The bad news... Let's just say there were plenty of apologies made by high ranking political figures. 'They didn't know', they told him. 'Part of the system', they said. All T'challa knew, was that if his omega had been happy and healthy there wouldn't be a need for apologies.
 
His mother placed a comfortin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Angst
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Past Abuse
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Scars
Insecure Tony
Hurt Tony
Tony Feels
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mental Health Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
Touch-Starved

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

