Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve pressed himself against the border wall of the base, quickly looked around the corner, and when he saw that the guard was nowhere to be seen, beckoned the others forward. They all rushed across the open space between the border wall and the closest building, weapons at the ready in case they were spotted. It was surprising that there weren’t any guards or any sort of electronic security systems, but they didn’t have time to dwell on it. At a gesture from Steve, Wanda used her powers to yank open the heavy steel door and they all slipped inside.
They’d been leaving Wakanda on a regular basis for the last several months, hitting HYDRA bases, trying to continue the work they had done as Avengers. Many of the bases were inactive, but they’d left behind equipment and the potential to reactivate. A few of them, like this one, were active, and those were the more dangerous missions, but Steve took them on, because they needed to be done.
They were still technically fugitives, but Steve wouldn’t let that—or Tony’s refusal to see reason—stop them from doing what was right. T’Challa was kind enough to supply them with a place to stay between jobs and the use of one of his stealth jets to get back and forth to their missions, as well as general maintenance of their equipment. Steve had seen a few of the things Shuri had made for T’Challa and wished they could have tech like that for their own missions, but so far T’Challa hadn’t offered and Steve hadn’t asked. He thought it might seem ungrateful to the man who’d taken them in to also expect new tech from him for missions he wasn’t even a part of.
It was irritating to have to dodge the authorities while they worked and on their travels, but they managed. Natasha, who’d joined them in Wakanda just a week and a half after they’d arrived, helped them a lot with that. Wanda did as well—she’d been working on a new, very helpful ability that allowed her to cast a sort of shield around them, which kept people from noticing them. Steve wasn’t entirely sure of all the details of it, just that it helped their stealth when they couldn’t avoid moving through more crowded areas. It wasn’t perfect—going to up to someone and waving their arms would certainly be noticed—but it seemed to make people not want to look in their direction, and it was useful.
It was also annoying to watch the news. Everywhere he looked, officials were condemning them and their actions. Despite the fact that, since their exile, they’d successfully dismantled four old HYDRA bases and even destroyed a couple active operations, they were still called criminals and “dangerous vigilantes.” The same newscasters, politicians, and police who badmouthed Steve and his team consistently praised Tony, who was back home and still playing along with Ross and the stupid Accords, claiming in press conferences that they were “revamping the Avengers” and restructuring everything to work with the Accords. Steve shook his head whenever he saw it, knowing that it was going to blow up in Tony’s face. He was surprised the fact that most of the team was gone hadn’t already proven to the public how ineffective the Accords were, but they’d figure it out sooner or later. Steve just hoped Tony wouldn’t get hurt too badly when that happened. Whatever Tony now thought of him, Steve still cared about him.
They moved silently through the base, weapons up and at the ready, but they didn’t encounter anyone, which was odd. Steve was sure this base was active. The concern that they could be walking into a trap was growing, but this was necessary work and he was confident they could deal with whatever was thrown at them.
They all had to stop in shock, however, when they turned a corner and found the guards on the floor. Some of them were bleeding from bullet wounds to the legs, others were unconscious from something unseen, maybe gas or a hit to the head. One of the few still conscious aimed a gun at Steve as they approached, but the hand holding it shook and it was almost no effort at all to move forward and kick it out of the agent’s hand.
“Someone got here before us,” Sam said, and Steve nodded. That much was obvious, but who?
Natasha moved forward and knelt next to the agent Steve had just disarmed. “Who did this to you?” she asked, but the agent just gave her a smile and then spit at her feet. She struck quickly, living up to her codename, with a few jabs to the shoulder and chest that had the agent slumping to the floor.
“Whoever it was may still be here. This is recent work,” she observed as she stood once more. “This is dangerous; we should go. Whoever they are, if they’re after HYDRA, they’re either worse than them or they consider themselves on the side of the law. Either option isn’t good for us.”
Steve shook his head at that. The statement was true, but he hated hearing it. Hated that they would need to hide from someone who considered themselves just and was doing this because it was right. “We came
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
and particularly not wanda friendly
Author is Bitter
Hurt Tony
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
