Chapter 1: Like a River Flows So Surely to the Sea
    




Chapter Text


 Apparently, Peter needed more social interaction in his life.His first clue had been the disproportionate reaction he had to a brief group project in his grant writing course. They only had to meet once to plan everything out, and the rest of the work could be done over Google Docs. His team members had elected to meet at a Thai restaurant near campus, ignoring Peter’s quiet suggestion of the library. He was annoyed at first, because going out to eat cost money, but even though he’d ended up splurging and spending twelve dollars on an entrée, it was kind of wonderful. The food tasted like heaven after living off ramen and cereal and coffee for weeks and his classmates had been loud and friendly after they got their work out of the way.Peter talked more that evening than he had in a long while, and each time he opened his mouth to contribute to the conversation, he found himself shaky with exhilarating nerves and the little thrill that jumped in his stomach every time he made someone laugh. They had decided to go out for drinks after, and he’d tagged along even though he didn’t buy anything (because alcohol was ridiculously overpriced in the city). He came back to his shitty little apartment positively buzzing that night, and the adrenalin carried through his nightly patrol and kept him up afterwards, lying in bed and mentally reviewing the evening.He’d come into the lecture portion of the course two days later pleasantly nervous to see his group members again, and had been surprisingly disappointed to find them sitting separately, spread out carelessly across the room looking at their phones and laptops just as they had every other class period of the semester. They weren’t gathered together, talking about the other night like they were suddenly best friends, and Peter silently chided himself for having such a silly idea in the first place. He’d sat down near Trenton, whom he’d talked to the most when they were at the bar and had discovered a shared love of classic sci-fi and fantasy novels, but they didn’t speak. And when class ended, it was as easy as ever to slip out amongst the stream of students without saying a word to anyone.The days passed, and the excited hopefulness of that evening faded from memory. Communication was limited to email, and that was fine. Peter didn’t have time for anything else, anyway. His days were packed with class, homework, lab work, Daily Bugle work, and Spider-Man patrol. He could have friends when he had completed his PhD and Post Doc and found a steady job that paid enough to let him quit the Bugle and maybe sleep more than three or four hours a night. So… maybe nine or ten years? Yeah. He could have friends in ten years.That was fine.He’d gotten his second clue when Aunt May had suggested, entirely unprompted, that he give that ‘twig app’ a try. “Twig app?” He asked her with a puzzled look, failing to comprehend what in the world she could be talking about.“Yes. That fire starter app thing that everyone talks about.” She stated as she neatly chopped vegetables for their weekly dinner. Her tone suggested that Peter should know exactly which app she meant.“Fire starter? I don’t… Know what that is.” He turned back to the pan where he was heating oil, wondering if this was her way of hinting that Peter should do something about the unreliable heat in his apartment building. She had been pestering him since last winter to move somewhere he wouldn’t have to sleep in two sweaters and three pairs of socks whenever it got below freezing outside, but moving required money and it wasn’t really so bad as she liked to make it out to be. It was barely October now, and even in the dead of winter Peter wasn’t home all that often. Just to sleep and occasionally eat something, if he’d remembered to go to the grocery that week.Even if he had looked up space heaters online just the other day and balked at the prices before hurriedly closing the browser page, Aunt May worried too much. This fact was only further proven by her next words.“I’m sure you do, Peter.” She was getting exasperated now, flicking a piece of zucchini skin off her knife with particular vehemence. “It’s that one where you select the photographs of people you find attractive, and then you meet up with them to have sex.”“The one –” Peter choked on the carrot he had just popped in his mouth, and hacked it back up into his hand. “You, uh… Oh, you mean Tinder.” His face felt a little hot, and he made sure to keep facing the stove so May wouldn’t feel prompted to give him the whole ‘sex is a perfectly natural human need’ speech again.“Yes, Tinder.” She nodded. “That’s the one.”Peter sighed into the pan, silently asking the universe why his aunt had to be concerned about whether or not he was currently getting laid. “That’s, uh… That’s okay, Aunt May. I haven’t really felt like…”“I know, honey.” She cut him off as she carried the cutting board over to du
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Online Dating
Tinder/Grindr/Hornet
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Phone Sex
Frottage
Happy Ending
Socially Awkward Peter
Awkward Peter Parker
Self-Conscious Wade Wilson
lots of flirting
puns
and Hannigram memes
Love Letters
Venti Green Tea Frapuccino
Falling In Love
Idiots in Love
Not an identity fic
Wade Wilson Takes Care of Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

