Work Text:
Darcy knew that Thor was Out On Business, and that the rest of the gang (‘Avengers’ sounded like a bad nineties alt. rock group) was with him, but it wasn’t something that she thought about in more than an abstract way.  Yeah, if they were out and about together it probably meant World Ending Shit, but she (and, by extension, the rest of the world) had now lived through three alien invasions – she was counting Puente Antiguo – and Darcy had even been at ground zero for two of them.So, yes, she was worried, but it was more the background ‘oh shit’ feeling she had when she thought about things like global warming or corrupt politicians than it was the mind-numbing terror she’d felt when staring down the barrel of an alien laser gun.Plus, it wasn’t like the rest of the world stopped spinning on in the midst of all the peril.  Jane still had science to do, Erik still thought pants were optional ninety percent of the time, and even months after the move into Stark Tower, Darcy was still working on organizing the filing system from the mess that two trans-Atlantic flights and intern-Ian had made of it.“Ladies,” no matter how long she stayed in the Tower, Darcy didn’t think she’d ever get used to JARVIS’s smooth, always surprising, voice popping up when you least expected it, “I apologize for the interruption, but Mr. Stark wishes to inform you that there is pizza and an ‘emergency movie night’ about to take place in the main lounge.”Darcy pushed her chair away from her desk with a sigh, reaching back with one hand to (attempt) to knead some of the stress out of her lower back muscles.  The chair was a super-special-ergonomically-superior desk chair, but not even its spectacular design could completely negate the tortures a six-hour Excel binge.Jane’s head popped up from behind one of her machines: “They’re back?” she asked, staring up at the ceiling.“Yes, ma'am, as of approximately fifteen minutes ago.”“Thor’s back?”“Yes.”“World saved?”“I believe so, ma’am.”“Oh, okay.  Good.”  Jane paused, frowning, “Wait, did he say 'pizza?'”Darcy laughed, “Sounds like.  Why don’t you head on up, I’m almost done with the data from the blue flashy thingy, Erik went to bed, like, an hour ago.”“Went to bed - but it’s only three!”“Yeah, and he’d been up since early yesterday morning.”“Oh, right…you don’t want pizza?”Darcy considered it: she’d met all of the Avengers, but never really spent all that much time around them as a group.  The Cap and the Widow had been off trying to hunt down another super-secret-spy-assassin-popsicle who was, apparently, also their mutual soulmate.  The arrow guy had been on assignment the entire time they’d been staying in the Tower, so she wasn’t even 100% sure he would be present for this shindig.  Tony and Bruce were…interesting, or at least entertaining in small doses, and she’d definitely spent the most time with them, aside from Thor.“Yeah, I could eat,” she decided, “but if you ditch me to sex your sweetie, I swear to Yahoo that I will bring you decaf for a week.”Jane nodded, taking the threat seriously (mostly because it had happened before), “That’s fair.”“Okay, then, lets go find out how the world was won.  Again.”“You’re getting awfully jaded about the fate of the planet.”Darcy gave a one-shoulder shrug, “I prefer to think of it as confidence in their abilities.”Elevator rides in Stark Tower were always…a little strange.  The building was tall enough, and the technology speedy enough that even going between a handful of floors was enough to make your ears pop.  Darcy, who had not even the slightest fear of enclosed spaces, had long since requested that the elevator go at its slowest setting when she was inside it.Which, in turn, had led Tony to alter the elevator music to suit her ‘speed.’  The end result was super-slowed down Muzak which, actually, sounded a whole lot like whale song in the end, so the joke was on him.  She let him think she found his little trick annoying, mostly so he wouldn’t try and change it to something she actually found obnoxious.She was a little nervous about being faced with the Avengers, all of the Avengers, immediately post-battle.  From the way Jane was shifting her weight, she thought the older woman probably was, too.  Still, at least Jane had proof that she actually belonged there: besides being crazy wicked smart, she was also Thor’s soulmate, marked as such by the Asgardian script wrapped around her upper arm.(It said, “Where is my hammer?” which would never not be funny.  Ever.)Darcy was still looked for her soulmates.  You’re here!  I knew you would be! and Ours, you’re ours. had yet to appear in her life, and sometimes she worried (irrationally, she knew) that she’d never find them.  She knew that they were younger than she was: their words hadn’t showed up on her right forearm and just below left clavicle, respectively, until she was seven.  Darcy remembered feeling a weird itchy feeling on her arm, watching in wonder as words bloomed over her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

