Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“In Blackwater Woods”

To live in this world
you must be able
to do three things:
to love what is mortal;
to hold it
against your bones knowing
your own life depends on it;
and, when the time comes to let it go,
to let it go.
––Mary Oliver
Tony: Hey Pete, sorry to do this but we’re going to have to postpone—got a tip on an alien weapons stockpile and we gotta head out. Shouldn’t be more than a couple of days. Peter: No problem. Let me know when you’re back. And STAY SAFE.Tony: You and Steve, my mother hens. I’ll be safe, I promise. Talk soon.***“These go this way,” Ned insisted, holding two pieces of the model of the USS Discovery together. “They have to. Look at the diagram.”“I am looking at the diagram,” Peter replied, “and I’m telling you, you’ve got them flipped. Look.” He swapped the two pieces and showed Ned, who frowned, then looked down at the diagram again. “Have I mentioned that you two are a couple of hopeless nerds and I’m not sure why I hang out with either of you?” MJ asked from where she was lounging on Peter’s bed, reading.“Not in the last five minutes,” Peter said, grinning up at her. “Well, you are,” she said. “I’d leave, but it’s too damn hot, and the city smells like garbage.”“That is definitely true,” Peter said, thinking longingly of the compound upstate. He was supposed to be up there right now, but the Avengers had all gotten called out, so instead he was here. Sometimes the lake got a little funky in the summer, but it was still better than garbage day in Queens––and it was somehow always garbage day in Queens. He glanced at his phone, hoping Tony might have texted him to tell him they were back, but no such luck. Someone knocked. Peter got to his feet. “Don’t glue those pieces together,” he told Ned as he headed toward the door, “I’m telling you, you’ve got them the wrong way around.” “Yeah, yeah,” Ned replied with a roll of his eyes that Peter could actually hear. Peter grinned and opened the door. It was Dr. Banner. Dr. Banner was on his doorstep. “Hi Peter,” he said quietly. “Dr. Banner,” Peter said in surprise. “Hey.”“Please, I’ve told you, call me Bruce,” Dr. Banner—Bruce said, not quite meeting his eyes. “May I come in?”“Uh, yeah, sure,” Peter said, standing back. “Is your aunt home?” Bruce asked, as Peter shut the door. “No, she’s out on a date, some guy she met at SI took her hiking in Jersey for the afternoon.” Peter glanced up and realized that MJ and Ned were hovering in the doorway to his bedroom. Ned was openly staring at Bruce, while MJ studied her fingernails with completely feigned indifference. “Um. These are my friends, MJ and Ned. Guys, this is, um, Dr. Banner. Bruce,” he added awkwardly.“Whoa,” Ned said. “‘Sup,” MJ said. “Yes, hi.” Bruce turned to Peter. “Peter, I need to speak with you.”There was something about the way he said it. The way he drew a breath before saying it, the way he hadn’t quite met Peter’s eyes when he came in, the way he forced himself to meet Peter’s eyes right at the last moment as he said, I need to speak with you. A pit opened up in Peter’s stomach. “Sure,” he said, side-stepping toward the kitchen, “sure, sure. You want some coffee first? No, you don’t do caffeine. Tea? I think we have juice. Or water. You know, New York’s tap water is really good, I once did a research project on the filtration system in the city, it’s––”“Peter,” Bruce said softly. “Come sit down with me. I need to talk to you.”Peter didn’t want to move. If he didn’t go and sit down with Bruce on the sofa, then he’d never have to hear him say it. He could just live in this moment, the last moment his life would ever be normal––but even now it wasn’t normal, it was normal for life after Ben, it wasn’t normal, and life was never going to be even that much normal, not once he heard what he knew––“Should––should we go?” Ned asked, interrupting the runaway train of Peter’s thoughts. “That’s up to Peter,” Bruce said. “It’s okay with me if you stay.”Peter swallowed. He looked at Ned and MJ. MJ wasn’t pretending to be bored anymore. She was watching him, biting her lip.  “Stay,” he said, and forced himself to walk to the sofa. He sat down. Ned sat on his right. MJ sat on his left. Bruce pulled a chair up close, so his knees almost touched Peter’s. MJ put her arm through his and gripped his hand. Ned didn’t hold his hand, but he stayed close enough that their shoulders touched. “Peter,” Bruce started. “Stop,” Peter said. Bruce stopped. Peter ducked his head and took three deep breaths. Then he looked up. “Okay.”Bruce removed his glasses and let them dangle from his fingers. He drew a deep breath. “Peter, Tony is dead. I am––” his voice caught “––so sorry.”Ned gasped. MJ gripped his hand. Peter felt like his entire body went numb. It felt like all the air had been sucked out of the room. Peter had known, but some small part of him had hoped that maybe he wasn’t dead, maybe he was injured or missing, that there was some hope left. But the way Bruce sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Grief/Mourning
Presumed Dead
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Caretaking
Angst with a Happy Ending
Food as a Metaphor for Love
Team as Family
Anxiety
Platonic Cuddling
Cuddling & Snuggling
semi-recreational drug use
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mental Health Issues
Therapy
Marijuana
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

