Work Text:
Peter swung up to his window. "Hey, Karen, mind telling Friday that I'm home?" The window opened in response and Peter dropped into Avengers Tower. "Thanks, Karen.""You're welcome, Peter." Karen said happily. "Talk to you soon?""Of course, Karen, you're my best girl." Peter pulled his mask off. "Thanks for letting me in Friday." Peter threw his backpack in the corner and tapped the spider emblem on his chest, sighing as the suit fell off him. His chest looked ugly, covered in a dark bruise, but it was already yellowing around the edges."My pleasure, Master Stark." Friday stated."Call me Peter." He groaned, pulling on a t-shirt and sweatpants. "Is everyone home?""It's either Master Stark or Underoos, you know the drill." Friday said fondly."Then Master Stark, I guess." Peter sighed, knowing he wouldn't win that battle. Karen seemed to be the only AI capable of being relaxed around him. Only Tony got to call him Underoos. "I'm starving.""Dr. Banner is cooking tonight. It should be ready in fifteen minutes. Is there a particular reason why you've tossed your backpack so carelessly? Tough homework?"Peter frowned. Friday was becoming too observant, she was starting to pick up Karen's habits. He really shouldn't have been so rough with his bag. "No, school's easy.""Then I don't understand why you'd treat your school bag poorly. Was there an incident with Flash today? Should I inform Sir of it?""No, no, no. I'm fine. It's nothing at all really, just shush, don't get ahold of Mr. Stark, please don't-"There was a knock at his door."Traitor." Peter glowered up at the ceiling."Are you decent, kid? I'm coming in." Tony didn't even bother to wait for a response. To his credit though, he came into the room with a hand over his eyes. "You good, Underoos?""Yeah, Mr. Stark."Tony lowered his hand. "We're at home, kid.""Sorry, Dad, just a habit." Peter rubbed the back of his neck. He was used to calling his dad Mr. Stark. It suited his cover. Tony had never wanted Peter to grow up with the pressure of fame, so Peter had grown up living as Peter Parker. He even spent most of his time living with his aunt and uncle. Tony had kept him a well guarded secret, so much so that Rhodey had only figured out Peter was Tony's when Peter was eight and he called Tony 'dad' without realizing he was in the same room. No one knew outside of Pepper, the Avengers, Aunt May, Happy, and Ned. No one knew that Tony gained custody after his mother and her husband died. Peter liked it that way. They had their inner circle of trusted friends, family, and no one else had to know. It was funny that no one noticed though, Peter and Tony had the exact same eyes, and their hair had the same curl."So, what's this about you chucking your bag at the wall hard enough to crack the plaster?" Tony folded his arms over his chest. "Do I need to kick Flash's ass? I could show up as Iron Man, give him a good talking to.""I cracked the plaster? Shit, I'm sorry." Peter looked at the wall and winced. He had thrown it too hard. No wonder why Friday had noticed. "I can fix that.""I don't care, remember the Malibu house? Still in the ocean, you can't compete with that. So, back to the subject you're trying to avoid. What're you upset about?" Tony asked. "And don't bullshit me. I'm the king of bullshit, I'll know if you're lying. If we get through this quickly we get to eat sooner too and you look pretty hungry."Peter slouched and sighed. There was no fighting Tony when he got worried. Spiderman was sassy enough to snark back at Tony, but Peter always sort of melted under the concern. Perhaps the mask gave him some bravery. Peter walked to his bag and pulled out the paper, handing it over to his dad before he sat on his bed and waited.Tony scoffed. "That's it? A field trip has you worked up?""Look at the destination." Peter pointed."Oh...why is it a problem?""They don't fucking believe I have an internship here and the Avengers will all act weird and it'll draw attention and...I just don't want to go.""So you'd rather be at school than take a lazy-day, slack-off tour of your own home?" Tony snorted. "Only you, Pete.""I just don't want to deal with it, okay?""We'll try to keep it reasonable, but I'll see you next Friday, kid." Tony winked and scribbled on the slip. "Damn, my 'May Parker' gets better every time. Maybe I should go into the forgery business."Peter glared at Tony. "I might be sick that day, terminal.""Don't even joke about that, besides it'll be a good time to stick it to that Flash kid.""Not really my style, Dad.""Oh really? I thought you could stick to all sorts of things, you know, after the bite?""Really? A pun? You're going with a pun?" Peter tried to hold back his smile, but Tony knew his kryptonite."Made you smile. Now come on, kid. Food.""Fine."-Flash was grinning ear to ear. Peter tried to ignore him as he droned on and on about finally catching Peter Parker in his big lie. Peter just frowned as they walked up to his home. He gave a small wave
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Field Trip
Protective Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Bullying
Crime Fighting
Irondad
spiderson
Protective Tony Stark
Secret Identity
not anymore though
Father-Son Relationship
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

