Chapter 1: Identity Reveal
    


Summary:

Peter's identity is revealed to the world; Both as Mr. Stark's adopted son, and Spider-Man.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"So, you're coming to my house tonight, right?" Ned asked. "For movie night?"
"Of course," Peter nodded, shutting his locker. "I'm going to the lab with Mr. Stark, I mean, uh, Tony- and he'll drop me off at your house around 6."
Aunt May had died of a stroke 7 months ago, and Tony had immediately taken Peter in. 2 months later, Tony and Pepper had gotten married, and officially adopted the 16-year-old. Peter was still trying to adjust to the new arrangements.
"Great," Ned said. "I got the LEGO AT-AT set, so we could work on that while we watch. And Mom said she'll make snacks."
"Awesome, dude!" Peter exclaimed. "Hey, so I was thinking-"
Peter's voice cut off as he opened the front door of the school, and was immediately assaulted by an onslaught of light and sound. At least 7 news vans were parked outside, and the moment Peter stepped out, cameras began flashing, and the dozens of reporters surged forward, shouting.
"Peter! What's it like living with Tony Stark?"
"Do you live with the Avengers?"
"How do you balance being a high school student and being Spider-Man?"
"Peter, come back inside!" Principal Orita's voice echoed down the hallway from behind him and Ned, as he fought his way through the sea of students attempting to escape for the weekend.
Peter complied, looking shell-chocked. "What's going on?" he asked, once Principal Morita was within earshot.
"I think you'll need to see this," Principal Morita ushered Peter and Ned into his office. He turned on a television, displaying the news.
 "Earlier today, we recieved word that Spider-Man/s identity has been revealed by a source within Stark Industries, who wished to remain nameless. 16-year-old Midtown Tech student Peter Parker has been revealed as Spider-Man, as well as the recently adopted son of billionaire Tony Stark, who doubls as Iron Man. Neither have yet made any comment." Principal Morita turned the television off. Peter continued to stare at it, shock and horror coursing through him. "How did they find out?" he finally whispered. As if on cue, Peter's phone rang. A quick glance at the screen showed it was Tony. "Mr. Stark?" Peter croaked, reverting to the more formal name in his panic. "Kid?" Tony's voice answered. "Listen, kid, we've got a situation-""I know. I'm in Principal Morita's office... Mr. Stark, Tony, there's a ton of reporters here-" "Shit," Tony muttered. "Alright, kid, I'm on my way. Can you hang tight for, like, ten minutes?" "No!" Peter gasped. He cleared his throat. "I mean, no, Mr. Stark, Iron Man showing up is only going to make it worse. I'll just... is Happy here?" "Yes," Tony hesitated. "Alright, Pete. Happy is just on the other side of all the news vans or whatever. He's trying to get up to the door, but he can't get through all the reporters. I need you to listen to me, and do exactly as I say, alright?""Okay," Peter said weakly. "Don't talk to any of them," Tony instructed. "Keep your head high, but don't say a single word. Have Ned wait in the principal's office until his parents or someone can get there, alright? Tell him to call his mom or somebody, we don't want those vultures going after him, too. Keep me on the line the entire time, okay? Don't talk to me until you're in the car, just don't hang up. Got it?" "Yeah," Peter agreed. "Mr. Stark... how could they have found out?" "I don't know kid," Tony said bitterly. "Somebody who works here found out, and decided it would be a good idea to tell the press, I guess. Don't worry, we're working on figuring out who it was, and they'll be fired. I'll personally make sure they can never hold another job. Messing with a kid's life like this..." Tony trailed off, and Peter could imagine him shaking his head. "Are you ready to head out?" "Yeah," Peter muttered. "Just... hold on, I'm going to tell Ned what's going on..." he set the phone down, looking at Ned. "I'm leaving," he began explaining. "Happy's out there, he just can't get in here through all the people. Mr. Stark told me to tell you to call your mom or someone, and hang tight in here until they can come get you. He doesn't want people bothering you, too.""Okay," Ned said weakly. "Are you... are you going to be alright?" Peter shrugged. "No idea," he said, truthfully. "Mr. Stark said he's working on figuring out who told them. We'll figure it out." "Okay," Ned nodded. "I guess movie night's off, then?" "What?" Peter looked at him incredulously. "No way! Just... maybe we'll have Happy come get you around 6, instead of dropping me off? We can have movie night in the tower." "That would be so cool," Ned looked excited. "I can really come into Avenger's Tower?" Before Peter could answer, the door to the office opened, and Happy entered, looking slightly out of breath. "Happy!" Peter exclaimed, pickin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Porker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
oneshots
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
The Avengers Are Good Bros
The Avengers (2012) Never Happened
Peter Parker Joins the Avengers
Precious Ned Leeds
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
BAMF Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Spider-Man - Freeform
Whump
Rape/Non-con - Freeform
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Rape/Non-con
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Hydra Peter Parker
dead
Death
Sorry Not Sorry
Marvel Universe
Alternate Universe - Marvel Cinematic Universe Fusion
mcu - Freeform
infinity war fix-it
Civil War Fix-It
Irondad
spiderson
IronDad and SpiderSon

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Porker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

