Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“STRANGE!”The door to his hotel room burst open at the hinges.A low breath escaped the sorcerer’s lips that had long since twisted involuntarily in dismay; these beings from another realm, brandishing thunder and hailstorms in their stupid capes and horns, could do well to remember that the Earth was no longer the backwater planet it used to be centuries ago and at least have the decency to knock-“Thor, son of Odin.” Stephen drew his robes closer and cinched them at his waist with harried gestures that Thor would hopefully interpret as exasperation and sheer irritation at having been so rudely awakened at- 4 a.m.? Good GOD. “And good morrow to you too.”Thor was looking very upset for some reason. “It’s about Loki.”At the mention of the Trickster God, Stephen’s blood ran cold. Anthony Stark had booked the entire floor of the hotel just for the occasion and despite having the pick of any room, Thor and Loki were sharing a suite further down the hallway. Thor couldn’t know, could he?Stephen cleared his throat.“What has he done now?”“Something is wrong with Loki.” Thor was very tense, if the white-knuckled fists by his side were of any indication. As if something had caught his hearing, he cocked his head and visibly stiffened.Thor’s eyes darkened and his next words were soft, almost scared. “Very wrong.”Now that Stephen was paying attention, he realised what it was he had been hearing drifting through the hallway the past few minutes; that keening, groaning sound, a muffled white noise he had nonchalantly put down to some harmless mechanics of the pipes within the walls.“He woke with such terrible pains in his belly-”His senses sharpened, his memory stirred. It was a familiar sound, reminiscent from his stint as a general surgeon before his subspecialisation in neurosurgery, days of long ago spent fiddling with patients’ gangrenous bowels and bleeding ulcers and perforated things.Acute abdomens certainly were one of the most painful human afflictions mankind could suffer from, and the sounds Loki was making from his room reminded Stephen of such malady.“-saw you two talking at dinner last night and he did not seem to mind your company,” Thor rambled. “I was hoping it was you he had left the party with, which would mean he tolerated you somewhat, which would mean I’d at least made the right decision to seek your assistance- ”Stephen felt his eyebrows quiver in irritation “Will you help him?” Thor’s plea was subdued in his distraction.Stephen could read the sheer desperation creasing deep lines between the Thunder God’s eyes.Once a doctor, always a doctor, they say.Stephen heaved a resigned sigh. Thanks a lot, Hippocrates. “Of course.”  “Brother!”Before Stephen could stop him, Thor dropped his weight onto the edge of the bed with all the grace of a white rhinoceros, jarring the bed violently, and just as Stephen had suspected and feared, Loki threw his head back and screamed.Aghast, Thor recoiled and once more, Stephen was too slow to stop him from jumping off the bed, and the rocking movement again brought forth another cry of agony from the figure on the bed“Don’t!” Stephen palmed the Thunder God’s broad shoulder and physically shouldered him out of the way. “Don’t-JOSTLE him, Thor!”Thor bristled with either indignation or more likely guilt, but concern for his brother won over his stubbornness and he backed away. “I would have taken him to New Asgard but I could not move him without causing him terrible pain...as you can see.”“Yes, I can see.” Stephen waved his hand apologetically. “I had a hunch. If this is what I think it is, any jarring movement would greatly exacerbate the pain.”And that was probably why Loki was lying there on the bed, as still as a corpse. He certainly looked like one.He hoped Thor would not push him to explain further, for if he found elaborating on the pathophysiology and symptomology of peritonitis to Viking Gods from outer-space even remotely interesting, he would have become a lecturer, not a surgeon.An armchair materialised alongside the bed and Stephen sat down carefully, his thighs in line with his patient who was lying supine and unmoving, face tight with poorly-concealed distress. Loki had definitely looked better.Stephen felt the first stirrings of concern and he did not like it. “Show me.”“It is as you wish it, Sorcerer.” Loki’s breath whistled past parched, bloodless lips. "I am not long for this world, it seems.”“Brother!” Stephen ignored Thor’s horrified hiss and the looming great presence hovering over his shoulder. He focused on Loki.“Show me where,” Stephen growled.Loki’s hand drifted to his belly, sliding under the slip of the same tunic Stephen had last seen him wear before they parted ways just mere hours ago. He watched as Loki carefully placed his hand on the area below his navel.“When did it start?” He hoped the unspoken words were clearly written in his eyes. You w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Mpreg
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Brotherly Love
Sick Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Pregnant Loki (Marvel)
Minor Character Death
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Accidental Pregnancy
Slow Burn
Developing Relationship
Pregnancy complications
Romance
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Loki (Marvel) Lives
Tony Stark Lives
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange Friendship
Not Karl Mordo Friendly

fandom: 
Loki & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Stephen Strange

