Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
Welcome to my new story! New chapters are posted weekly, usually between 12-2pm EST.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
  
Cold. Why's it so cold? And dark? Wasn't the sun out when we were driving?

Dad? Are you there? My chest hurts, Dad, I think I need my inhaler. And my head hurts, too. Like I hit it on something really, really hard.

Dad? Where are you?

Where am I?
As Peter Stark's mind slowly inched back towards consciousness, the dry, freezing air smelling strongly of wood and burning metal assaulting his senses, the thought that it had all simply been a bad dream flitted briefly across his foggy mind. Another minor accident in the lab, perhaps, one of his chemistry experiments that had gone slightly wrong—not that any of his experiments ever went wrong, though. Peter was always very meticulous when he was running his experiments. After nearly singeing off his eyebrows a couple of times when was younger, Peter had learned to always be extra careful, even programming DUM-E with the parameters of each of his experiments so the bot could warn him if he tried to get ahead of himself.So that couldn't be it.But Dad had still accidents from time to time. It was par for the course being an innovative weapons designer, or so Dad always told him. And besides, that's what DUM-E was there for. Always ready with his fire extinguisher and broom, standing over them like a robotic guardian angel.
So cold! Why's it so cold in here? Aren't we in the desert?

Dad? Are you there?
"Ow!" Peter croaked a second later as a sharp pain in his head quickly yanked him back to reality. Someone was poking at the back of his head with something very sharp, like a needle, and Peter flinched, groaning as he attempt to raise his hand to try and swat the offensive object away."Do not move yet, young man," said a stern voice as a large hand wrapped around his arm, holding it in place against the hard metal cot where Peter was lying flat on his stomach. His head was tilted to the side, being held in place by a wadded up cloth that smelled faintly of chloroform. "I haven't yet finished stitching your head wound and I'd rather not use anymore of the chloroform. Your headache is going to be bad enough without it."
Um… okay. I'm definitely not in the lab.
"Ow! Hurts!" Peter moaned, the sound barely escaping past his parched throat, his head throbbing with every beat of his heart as if it were being hit with a hammer. "What're you doing to me?""I told you," replied the man. "I'm stitching your head wound closed. Try and remain still, please. It should be over soon.""Uhh," Peter stammered, his tongue poking out to wet his dry lips as he blinked his eyes open, squinting against the harsh yellowish glow of a single bare overhead light bulb. The throbbing in his head instantly grew worse, his stomach churning less than a second later, and he quickly squeezed his eyes closed again as another soft groan rumbled up from his tight chest. "What—? What happ—what's happened to me?""You took a few pieces of shrapnel to the back of your head," answered the man as the sharp end of his stitching needle again poked through Peter's skin, causing him to flinch. "You're very lucky that they did not penetrate any further, or you and I would not be having this conversation. It was all I could do to get the bleeding to slow down while I tended to your father."A violent shiver raced down Peter's spine as he recalled the staccato spray of gunshots that tore through their military Humvee as if it'd been made out of tin foil, the panicked yelps of his father as he pushed Peter down into the wheel well of the vehicle, and the massive explosion that followed, launching them both out of the Humvee and onto the hard sandy ground of the Afghanistan desert."Shrapnel?" Peter asked, trying to clear his throat. "From the bombs?""Yes, shrapnel," answered the man. "And from Stark Industries bombs, no less. They are the best, after all." He let out a heavy sigh, resting his hand on Peter's shoulder for a moment. "Your father took the worst of it since he attempted to shield you from the blast, but he will survive. You Stark men are apparently quite difficult to kill.""That's 'cause we're made of iron," Peter answered, almost without thinking. It was one of the first things Peter remembered his father telling him when he was small, something his father's father had always told him."Stark men are made of iron.""Is that something that your father says?" the man asked, and Peter could have sworn he almost sounded amused."Uh… huh," Peter wheezed as the needle once again pierced his tender skin, his hands clenching into tight fists at his sides. He absolutely hated needles, and it was only due to the pounding in his head and the fact that his limbs felt like they'd been filled with sand that he was able to remain as still as he was."Well, then you are lucky," the man said, finally tying off the fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Iron Man AU
Parent Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Iron dad and Spider son
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/ Referenced Childhood Emotional Abuse
Tony Stark Has Trust Issues
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Peter Parker has PTSD
Fluff and Angst
Avengers Family
Parent Steve Rogers
Occasional mentions of homophobia

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

