Chapter 1: The past meets the present
    




Chapter Text
Mondays.The epitome of evil.Mondays were Peter’s worst days, similar to so many others, but Peter couldn’t put into words how much he hated Mondays.Mondays were not only the day that school began again for the new week, but it was also Peter’s longest day. Peter had school from 8-3, and afterwards, he had decathlon practice until 5. After decathlon practice, Peter had patrol (if May asks, he’s at Ned’s at this time).Not to mention that Peter’s especially tired on Mondays due to Saturday and Sunday, Peter’s favorite days, which are the days that Peter spends the weekend at the Avengers Tower. Peter’s weekend generally consists of a mixture of training, lab work with Mr. Stark and occasionally Dr. Banner, and lounging around with the Avengers.The events of the weekend always left Peter tired on his Monday return to school, however, he always felt like it was worth it. Because who would turn down hanging out with the Avengers? Not Peter, that’s who!But on this particular Monday, Peter felt an even deeper hatred for the day. He couldn’t tell why, because he was in a fantastic mood yesterday and before he went to bed. Peter shrugged internally, figuring he was just having an off day.“Peter!” Jumping out of his reverie at the sound of his best friend’s voice, Peter spun around with a huge smile planted on his face.“Ned! How’s it going?” Peter asked as Ned approached him with a smile to equal his.“Great! My mom took me out yesterday to buy more hats to build my confidence. I just think that hats are the best added accessory to any wardrobe, don’t you think? And best part, everyone can pull them off!”The two young boys walked side to side through the bustling hallway as they headed to class.Peter smiled softly at his friend’s antics. “Yeah, they’re great. You’ll have to show me next time I come over!”“And when are you coming over next? I know you come over everyday,” Ned said with air-quotes. “But when can you really? My parents miss you, man!”Peter twinged slightly with guilt. Being a superhero, student, teammate, mentee, nephew, and friend all at once was not easy to balance. But he knew that his friend was important too, and he had to make time for him soon. “Sorry! It’s just super hectic, but I promise to come over sometime in these next few weeks alright?” Peter said apologetically, but Ned was never one to get upset or hold grudges, smiling and nodding happily.Before they could really continue their conversation, they made it to the doorway of their classroom and headed to their seats, preparing for class to begin.  Once school was over, Peter wanted nothing more than to head home and take a nice, long nap.But unfortunately, he had decathlon practice straight after and he knew that if he came in late one more time, MJ would rip his head off. Probably literally.“You’re on time for once, Parker,” MJ mentioned right as he walked in the room, and Peter could hear Flash snicker under his breath and mumble something. Ignoring him completely, Peter went over to his spot next to Ned, and usually, Abe.But this time, a person Peter didn’t recognize was in his place, talking animatedly with Cindy on his right.Peter merely nodded and offered MJ a slight smile, to which she turned away from, but there remained a slight upward turn of her lips as she did so.“Hey, what happened to Abe?” Peter whispered over to Ned, who opened his mouth to respond, but was interrupted by MJ’s surprisingly loud voice.“Alright, nerds. Glad you all could make it to practice on time,” Her gaze lingered a little longer on Peter who gave a sheepish smile. “As you might’ve noticed, Abe did not grace us with his wonderful presence,” The nonchalant sarcasm that seemed permanently instilled in MJ’s voice laid emphasis on the world ‘wonderful’, “And that is because he had some family emergency that made him leave the state. In his place, we got new kid Skip Westcott filling in.”The name sent a jolt throughout Peter’s body, and Peter felt the low hymn of his spider senses reacting, but Peter had no idea why. The name sounded... familiar, but he couldn’t place his finger on it.MJ gestured over to the boy sitting on Peter’s right, and Skip flashed everyone a smile and wave.“Hey, guys. Thanks for having me and thanks, MJ, was it? For welcoming this new kid in.” His tone held a whole lot of charm and charisma, and Peter could see that all the girls (excluding MJ) were swooning over him.Peter could only see the side profile of Skip’s face for most of the practice, and each time he got a look, it was fleeting because Peter didn’t want to seem creepy by staring at the guy for too long.But something about this Skip dude struck a nerve in Peter. And that bothered him, because Peter was never one to judge anyone before he knew them, but it didn’t help that his Spidey-senses were slightly on alert when it came to him.What Peter got out of that practice with Skip part of the team was the Skip was a, very ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Avengers Family
Peter Parker Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

