Work Text:
There was only five minutes left in Peter’s AP chemistry class, as he kept tapping his pencil and looking at the clock. Mr. Evans been droning on about molar mass when the bell finally rang. Peter quickly picked up his things and was about to walk out when Mr. Evans stopped him. “Peter,” he started “I need to talk to you.”Peter groaned and turned around to Mr. Evans’ desk. “Yes?” He questioned. “I’m sorry, but you can’t go on the field trip tomorrow,” he said. Peter sputtered for a few seconds, “Why not?”“Because Peter, you forged a signature and not just any signature, Tony Stark’s.”Peter internally groaned, ‘I should have had Aunt Pepper sign it, her signature always slips through somehow.’“But Da-To-Mr. Stark did actually sign it.” I pleaded.“Peter, you have been spreading these lies about your internship for far too long, you aren’t going and that’s final!” Mr. Evans snaps, “You should just be happy I’m not going to the principal with this forgery.” Peter flinches and rushes out of the room Where Flash stops him. “Hey Puny Parker, did I just here that you forged THE Tony Stark’s signature?” “Why the hell were you listening to my conversation?” “I was going to ask about the trip and guess my surprise when I hear that you tried to get away with forging Tony Stark’s signature,” Flash says with fake surprise. “I know your internship isn’t real but to go as far as to forge a signature? That’s low Penis, even for you.”I storm away to where Ned is standing at my locker. “Hey Peter, what took so long,” he asks. “Flash stopped me to once again tell me that my internship isn’t real,” Peter said. “That’s so annoying, will he ever just lay off your back?” Ned asked. “Probably not, but guess what else happened?” “What?” “Mr. Evans said I can’t go on the trip tomorrow, because my dad signed it, and he didn’t believe the signature.” Peter whispered harshly. “He can’t do that!” Ned exclaimed. Peter sighed, “Shhh! And he can actually.”“You should just have your dad email him.”Peter laughed “An email from Tony Stark, regarding the son no one knows he has, about a trip to who knows where.” Ned nodded in understanding, and Peter pulled all of his books out of his locker and into his bag. “That sucks, but we since we don’t know where we are going, you could be missing out on the most boring trip ever,” Ned said. Peter rolled his eyes, “or I could be missing out on the coolest trip ever,” he pauses,” but thanks for trying to cheer me up.”“Is not trying to cheer you up, it might actually suck.” We started walking to the front of the school where Happy was parked. “I’ve got to go Ned, Happy’s here.” “Cool,” Ned replied, “see you later Peter.”Peter waved and sat in the back of the car. “How was your day Peter?” Happy asked. Peter pulled out his phone to text Wade. “It was fine Hap, but I can’t go on my trip tomorrow because I had dad sign it, and they think I forged it,” I sighed. “Sorry to hear that Peter.” “It’s whatever,” he mumbled. Baby Boy: Hey Wade Babe Wilson: Hey baby boy♥️♥️Peter laughed at how quickly Wade texted back. Baby Boy: wanna come over?Babe Wilson: are your dads going to be home?!?I really don’t want to be thrown out a window againBaby Boy: lol that only happened once, but...They will be there yesBabe Wilson: boooooBaby Boy: let's just cuddle and watch Star Wars, they won’t bug us that much if that’s all we are doingBabe Wilson: will there be chimichangas involved?!??That’s what’s gonna name or break it baby boy Peter laughed and smiled down at his phone Baby Boy: of course babeBabe Wilson: I’ll be there in 30 minutes Baby Boy: see you then ♥️♥️Babe Wilson: love you ♥️♥️But I also love your chimichangas Peter laughed again, and looked up to realize he was back at the tower. “Thanks Happy, I'll see ya later.”“Bye kid, stay out of trouble.” Happy yelled back. “You know I can’t promise you that Hap!” Happy just laughed and drove off. Peter walked into Stark Tower to the elevator without stopping at security. “Hey kid you can’t do that!” A security guard yelled at him. Peter turned around to see a security officer he’s never seen before behind him. “Are you new?” Peter asked. “Yes, but you have to stop at security so come back with me.” He demanded. “I’m going geeze, get your hands off of me,” Peter said. “If you have an ID scan it, if not leave through the doors you came in,” the security guard said in a no nonsense voice. “Oh my gawd fine,” Peter huffed as he drew out his ID. He scanned it and you heard Jarvis say “Peter Benjamin Parker, level 10, Welcome back Peter, would you like me to inform Mr. Stark you are back?” “I’d rather you didn’t Jarvis, Wade is coming over.” Peter replied. The guard looked gobsmacked.  “L-l-level 10?” He sputtered. “Yeah, next time just let me through and save yourself the embarrassment.” Peter said. Then he got into the elevator and asked Jarvis to go to level 95. Once he got there he turned on the oven to make chimichangas for Wade and grabbed a whole bunch of blankets
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter is on a field trip
field trip to stark tower
Stark Tower
Tony Stark Has A Heart
My First Spideypool Fic
Stony - Freeform
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson in Love
Peter is an “intern”
Field Trip
peter leads the field trip
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter is stonys child
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

