Work Text:
When the vision first hit her, Lennie Alice sat down to back-track it.It took hours upon hours of back-tracking to fully understand the situation. She had to go back to find what caused the impending invasion, and then she had to back-track each member of the Avengers to find out how they got there. What she saw did not please her in the slightest. So, as she fetched herself a late supper, Lennie sifted through the different alternatives. She was coming up with a big, fat roadblock.The biggest problem, of course, was S.H.I.E.L.D. Their absolute determination that all enhanced that came to their notice were best under their power (and their ignorance to HYDRA’s presence in their chain of command) or locked up or dead, meant that they had to be gotten rid of. Any moves while they were looking would be hindered or tampered with, even stolen. So she obviously had to limit their power.That was easy.Lennie made her way to a bar across the country and walked in on the same night she knew Logan to be at the bar. She walked in and sat down at the bar next to the mutant in question. He glanced over at her.‘Lennie, this ain’t New York,’ he said.‘No, it’s not.’‘Problem?’‘Yup.’ She kept her voice down as she told him what she’d seen. Logan listened and didn’t react much apart from a hardening of the eyes.When she was done, he took out a cigar and lit it. ‘So, you want me to approach this kid?’‘More than that, I want you to tell him everything about Steve Rogers that convinced you the guy was a dickhead.’‘I wouldn’t worry.’ Lennie responded to his next concern. ‘The way Howard’s brought him up, the only time Tony talks about what happens to him is if it serves a practical purpose. So between now and when it’s time to tell why we’re really establishing contact with him, he won’t tell anyone anything.’‘So we need him?’‘We’re not walking out of this alive without him,’ Lennie said. ‘He’s just got some self-worth issues we need to iron out. He’s currently attending MIT.’So Logan finished up his beer and headed up to Boston.Lennie’s next stop was Louisiana.Remy LeBeau was someone that Charles Xavier had noticed when he was scanning for mutants. Given that he was an adult who kept to himself and, as a general rule of thumb, didn’t stir up trouble, he just moved on. But he was someone that Lennie was very interested in, given his powers. Of course the man didn’t know her so when she walked up to the table, she said, ‘Remy LeBeau?’‘Depends on who’s asking,’ the man responded looking up.Lennie smirked and sat down. ‘Heard you’re a gambling man. I’ll beat you with a full house.’Remy looked amused. ‘That’s specific.’‘Isn’t it? Am I on?’‘You are.’He dealt out the cards and they began to play. Occasionally, Lennie would state the card he was about to draw before he did so. As the game progressed, she could see him working it out. Finally, he said, ‘Okay. Let’s see if you’re as psychic as you seem to be.’ He set his cards down.Lennie set down a full house.Remy nodded. ‘You can see the future.’‘That’s what I was getting at, yeah,’ she said.‘So, why come to me?’‘Your skill set will prove invaluable to what I have in mind,’ Lennie said. ‘And I also believe you will care about the upcoming crisis that I’m asking you for help with.’‘What kind of crisis?’ Remy asked.Lennie leaned forward and lowered her voice to avoid eavesdroppers. ‘In a time frame of 20 to 30 years from now, an army will come to this planet and half of all life will be obliterated.’Remy frowned. ‘Are you certain?’‘Absolutely. I’ve looked at it from every alternative. He’s coming here no matter what we do. But the earlier we start preparing the more hope we have of stopping him. I decided to start bringing in people now who could throw enough curveballs to stop this.’Remy was silent for a moment, then he stood. ‘Let’s go for a walk and you can tell me more.’Of course, when she did he was fully on board. He was still somewhat suspicious of her, of course, but he knew there was a distinct possibility she was telling the truth. In that case, the loss of life was simply unacceptable. That, of course, led them to tracking down the final person they needed. They found her in a posh hotel in San Francisco. Lennie warned Remy as they walked up.‘Last time I saw this woman, we were on opposite sides.’‘Think she’ll listen to you?’ he asked.‘Well, she doesn’t have to listen. She’s telepathic.’ Lennie used the override key she’d swiped. As they rode up to the penthouse in the elevator, Lennie went over her vision again.Once the door opened, and they stepped out, the woman in question was there, eyes wide and a look of abject terror on her face. But she quickly swallowed it and looked Lennie right in the eye. ‘Lennie Alice.’‘Emma Frost.’Emma seemed to hesitate for a moment. ‘How certain is that?’‘I’ve looked at every alternative, and I’m still looking.’ Lennie shook her head. ‘He’s coming no matter which way we slice it. If we want to survive, we need to start now.’Emma hesita
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)
Logan (X-Men) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Mutants

freeform: 
Team Tony
Seer Character - Freeform
Early in Canon

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)
Logan (X-Men) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Mutants

