Work Text:


1

Having the Rogue Avengers pardoned and back at the compound was rough at the beginning. Still rough if Tony was being completely honest. There had been a lot of trust throw away during what the public called the superhero “Civil War.” So, there was a lot to fix if The Avengers ever wanted to get anywhere near what they had before. And it was a slow process, but it was a process none the less.Tony congratulated himself on the daily for becoming so used to the Rogues that he very rarely had to hide the urge to flinch whenever one of them came towards him or raised their voices. Especially when at the start of this re-cohabitation he could barely stand to be in the same room without fear of a panic attack.So, things were slow, but getting better. That didn’t mean that Tony’s fight or flight response didn’t activate when he saw all the Rogues gathered and whispering in the common room. Even before the Civil War something like that would’ve put him on edge.Clearing his throat, Tony stepped further into the room, eyeing everyone wearily. His suspicion spiked when Steve jumped at the noise. But Tony didn’t get the time to worry that the man’s advanced hearing missed him when a flash of red and gold caught his eye. Looking over Steve’s shoulder, Tony had no idea how he missed it when he first walked in.Because behind the Rogues, covering a giant section of a common room wall, was a mural of the Iron Man armor made of sticky notes. Tony gaped, shocked into silence.“We asked Friday, but she said that you didn’t have it put up and she wouldn’t tell us who did.”The sound of Steve’s voice knocked Tony out of his stupor. Ignoring the man, Tony walked up to the mural. Oh, Tony knew exactly who would do something like this. Quickly taking a picture, he dialed the supposed culprit.“Mr. Stark!”“Kid, just how long did it take for you to do this?”Tony kicked himself mentally for how monotone his voice was when nervous laughter came through the phone’s speakers.“Like… four-ish hours? I think? It probably would’ve taken less but I kept getting distracted. And there was one point where I thought I wouldn’t have enough sticky notes! Especially since gold sticky notes aren’t exactly a thing and I had to color yellow ones with gold sharpie. Which was another thing I thought I was going to run out of even though Friday told me I had more than enough.” Peter’s rambling broke off into a soft whisper. “You, um, you’re not mad right, Mr. Stark?”The sad, unsure tone of Peter’s voice snapped Tony right back into present time.“God, no. No, I’m not mad. This is amazing, kid. And four hours? Really? This shit looks like it would’ve taken so much longer. Especially with how accurate it looks.” Tony didn’t attempt to hide the pride in his voice, even as he steadily ignored the curious stares from the others. “In fact, if I got a big enough frame, how would you feel about transferring it so it’s less likely to fall apart?”Something fell on the other end as Peter started spluttering. “You don’t have to do that, Mr. Stark! Really, it’s fine! They’re just sticky notes so it can just be taken down.”Tony scoffed. “All that time and hard work just to tear it to shreds? I think not, Petey-Pie, unless that’s what you really want. But if you wanna keep it then we’re damn well keeping it.”The stares got heavier, heating the side of Tony’s body. But he kept his focus on the boy at the other end of the call.“If it’s not too much trouble…?” Came the quiet reply.A smile spread across Tony’s face. “Friday? Could you order some materials for me? Looks like I got a frame to make.”Friday’s “’Course, Boss” sounded over the common room speakers the same time Peter’s excited “Make?! Can I help?!” came from Tony’s phone.Laughing, Tony answered, “It’s just a frame but sure, kid. See when you have the time and come over.”“Sweet! I’ll ask Aunt May! Bye Mr. Stark!”“Yeah, talk to you later, kid.”Ending the call, Tony rounded on the Rogues and pointed a finger at them, warning them. “If any of you even so much as breathe on that mural I’ll personally make sure that your next two months here at the compound are hell on Earth.” Satisfied with the level of shock and weariness on everyone’s face, Tony left.On week later would find him and Peter in a sanctioned off common room carefully moving sticky notes to the backboard of a sleek, black metal frame.  

2

The first time the Rogues meet Peter is a couple months after the sticky note mural incident. With the amount of time Tony had walked out rooms and meetings muttering ‘idiot teens’ and ‘smartass interns’ had the Rogues’ curiosity at an all time high. To say the first meeting was interesting would be an understatement. In fact, they didn’t even realize they were face to face with this infamous ‘Peter’ at first.To be fair, it had been right after a fight with some stubborn blob monsters and all the Avengers had wanted to do was shower before collapsing onto the nearest horizontal surface. Being immediately fac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson
Light Swearing
this wasnt supposed to be a 5+1 but i guess it is now
Cute
Attempt at Humor
Fluff
Not Beta Read
We Die Like Men
id say the title is a work in progress
but honestly thats as good as it gets
also
Civil War Team Iron Man
No Bashing
just general leeriness that would be expected after an event like civil war

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

