Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Um," Dr. Stephen Strange, Sorcerer Supreme, said."What?" Tony blinked at him, his fingers stilling. It took a moment for his brain to figure out why Stephen Strange, Helen Cho, Jane Foster, Darcy Lewis, Peter Parker, Loki, Reed Richards, Hank McCoy, and Bruce Banner were standing in the doorway to his workshop. He'd been so deep into figuring out the new specs for the Iron Man armor that the world had blurred around him, leaving time to fall by the wayside. "It's Monday the 14th, 3:05pm," JARVIS chimed in helpfully. "Really?" Tony said, astonished. He would've bet fifty bucks that it was only Saturday. Well, at least that explained it. A couple times a week, the science and magic users of the Avengers and associated crew gathered to... well, officially they gathered to talk, but usually it devolved into friendly squabbles and bickering. Loki in particular enjoyed throwing out some wild aspect of magical "rules" and then watching the rest of them collectively lose their minds over how ridiculous magic could be."Yes, really," JARVIS said."Okay. Well, come on in, guys. Let me just close this stuff up..." Tony trailed off, attention flipping back to the holograms beneath his fingers. He tossed a few things in the garbage bin but saved the rest for further perusal; he was still working on a way to make a suit with appropriate underwater weapons that wouldn't be too bulky to wear. "Uh, Tony?" Jane said, not moving from where she was standing."What?" Tony dropped his hands and glanced at her, frowning when he realized that none of them had entered. They should all be used to his workshop by now, since they regularly held their meetings down here - that was thanks to Steve, who'd gotten all bent out of shape the last time Loki and Stephen got into a magic contest and ended up blowing up the microwave. After that, Steve put his foot down and maintained that any further meetings had to take place in either the training room, Tony's workshop or outside and away from civilians."You've got a supersoldier wrapped around you like bacon around a scallop," Darcy said, when it became clear no one else was going to speak.Tony blinked several times and then looked down, starting in surprise when he realized that she was right. Bucky Barnes was kneeling on the floor beside him, arms wrapped so snugly around Tony's waist that a piece of paper wouldn't have been able to fit between them. His face was buried in Tony's stomach, which at least explained the weird resistance to breathing that Tony had noted two... no, three hours ago. Tony put a hand on Bucky's head, curious, and felt the way Bucky shifted under his touch. But Bucky didn't pull away, and when Tony prodded at Bucky's shields he realized that they were more worn than they should've been.Hadn't Bucky had a therapy session this morning? His eyes flicked over to where his own partner was laying, coiled up in a small circle. Bucky's partner was stalking around the room, betraying the anxiety Bucky was feeling right now. Tony sighed inwardly, realizing what Bucky needed, and looked back at the group in the doorway. Everyone looked politely confused, except for Peter, who was trying to hide a smile, Loki, who was outright grinning, and Bruce, who was saying a hell of a lot with his judgmental eyebrows raised sky high."Right, well, I can talk at the same time," Tony said brightly. He was always aware of Bucky and Steve. Always. They may not have had an official bond, but Tony was the only guide on the team. It was natural that he'd have a feel for when the only sentinels on the team needed help. Now that his attention wasn't focused on the armor, he could lowkey feel Bucky's distress in the back of his mind. Had they been alone, Tony would've cooed and stroked Bucky's hair. Because they had company, he settled for expertly diverting all of his mental energy to wrapping Bucky up in the equivalent of a cocoon. The tension flowed out of Bucky as he was shielded from the world, and Tony smiled in response.Darcy shrugged. "Works for me!" She sashayed into the room. The others slowly followed, many of them casting odd looks at the sentinel supersoldier on the floor. Tony pretended not to notice.Their meeting wasn't as fun as usual, though. It was hard work keeping a sentinel completely shielded, especially one like Bucky, so Tony's contribution was definitely lackluster at best. After all, Tony was exceptional at what he did, but he had to admit that Steve and Bucky were beginning to wear on him. Just a little bit. It was just... it was hard to keep helping out sentinels that you weren't bonded to. Without a bond, Tony was on his own. He had no feedback of energy, he had no extra resources to draw from, it was just him. And lately, Bucky and Steve were requiring a lot of him.He continued to pretend not to notice that several people in the group were casting him concerned looks. He was an old pro at that now. After all, he'd been pretending that he couldn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
three-way soulmates
Guide Tony Stark
Sentinel Steve Rogers
sentinel bucky barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Spirit Animals
tony stark is the most generous person ever
Unrequited Love
Not Actually Unrequited Love
tony just thinks it's unrequited because he's stubborn
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Natasha Romanov Knows All
Cuddling
Bonds
metaphorical shields
ignores much of the MCU
this is a happy world where everyone gets along thank you
praise tony stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
casual cuddling
you know that would be a thing
Domestic Avengers
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

