Chapter 1: Breathe in the Dust
    


Notes:
Edit October 2020: thanks for clicking! A bit of warning that This fic is on an indefinite Hiatus for now. I'll write a bit more in the endnotes explaining it.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Thanos was killed by a blow to the head from Captain America’s Shield.Thanos was dead  but they had already lost so much. It was almost comical how quickly thanos fell, he was powerful but the damaged gauntlet only allowed him to do so much with the stones. One had nearly exploded in Thanos’s own face when using it. Rendering a majority of the stones to Thanos, unusable. 

It didn’t feel like a victory when all the victors were dead.Captain America was already close to death when he struck the titan down. When the blow had struck, it was only a matter of time until he succumbed to his wounds. His blow with his shield was a lucky shot in just the right spot with the power of a dying man. The lucky blow was enough to kill Thanos and the once invincible titan fell to the ground. Moments later, Captain America had collapsed to the ground. Shield falling with a audible thud.Tony was a witness to this event. He was slumped up against a rock trying to recover from his wounds enough to help in the fight after he took a large blow that nearly killed him, but it seems like that was a lighter sentence than what Steve received. When the body of the titan fell, Tony rushed over to Steve’s dying form. He lifted up Steve’s torso off the ground to try and prevent him from choking on his own blood.

 The super soldier serum’s regenerative abilities weren’t enough to stop the damage that had been dealt. Wounds littered Steve’s body, a large gash ran down his chest with blood flowing freely from it. It’s already too late. In a desperate attempt he tries to seal the large gash, Steve’s hand weakly comes up and stops him. Steve looked at him with glazed over eyes. Blood dribbles out of his mouth, his face has smeared smudges of blood. Tony pulls his hand back down to hold his head up. Steve brings his hand back down. “I..” Steve attempts to speak, he can only get a single letter out before horid cough start racking his body. Blood runs down his chin after his body tries to expel the blood from his lungs. It’s an effort just to breath for Steve. “Tony.”“Steve, don’t talk.” Tony tries to hush him knowing that it would do nothing. “I’m sorry.” Steve tries to say something more after saying that, but all that comes out was gurgling. Then he lets go.His eyes rolled backward into his body and his body fell limp. The man who said ‘he could do this all day’ had given up and let go.Steve dies in his arms.Steve’s eyes were open when he died. Tony placed his hand over Steve’s eyes and closed them. Tony allows himself a moment to mourn. He places Steve carefully on the ground. He checks his pulse, no beat. He sits next to Steve’s body looking at the area around him. Natasha’s body lays only a few meters away from him. Her skull caved in from being bashed on a rock by Thanos. Her blond hair swaying slightly. In the opposite direction, even farther away lied Thor. Also dead, killed by Thanos. His head nearly ripped from his own body in a gruesome death.He was the last one alive. Just like his  nightmares. Yay. Out of everyone in his team, he probably was the one most prepared to die. Yet the universe isn’t just like that. The ones who wanted and had a reason to live, died, and him, who was ready to die after losing everyone, lived. People with their whole lives ahead of him died, while here he is alive.

 The last one alive of his team while he was surrounded by the corpses of his friends. Why him? Why was he alive? So many more people were deserving of his life? Why had strange traded him for the stone? Billions had died from the snap and millions more perished from the result of that. The millions that died not directly to the snap were gone forever and never to return.Tony slowly get up and moves away from Steve’s body. He walks over to Thanos. His body lies on the ground and his armor shines from the rising sun. His head is bashed in and stormbreaker was lodged in his chest. The titans eyes are wide open but lifeless. On his left hand was the damaged gauntlet with the 6 stones shining on them. Tony pulls it off with little effort. He lifts it up to his face and holds it up to the rising sun. The sunlight glitters and shines off of the non-damaged golden parts.“Steve, this was supposed to be your job.” He grumbles to no one. He looks at the six stones that reflect the light in them and glow ominously. “I doubt this will work.”He takes a deep breath. He wasn’t the original one planned to wield the gauntlet, it was supposed to be Thor, if he died, Steve. After that Bruce... but... He never thought that it would come down to him having to wield the infinity stones. It was unlikely he even would be able to survive the putting on the gauntlet.He sighs.“Her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Past-Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Tony Stark-centric
Angst
Temporary Character Death
No character bashing
but some will not be in a great light
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fluff and Angst
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Unreliable Narrator
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Past-Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

