Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He’d always figured the red and gold swirl of colour on his wrist would mean he was fated to be with another Gryffindor. He’d figured it was just like his parents and found himself rather pleased him. Yet as time passed and Harry realized he didn’t have a connection with any of his fellow Gryffindors - or any that he’d met in the few years above and below him - he started to lose a bit of hope. Not that he didn’t think he’d find them, after all they were FATED and fate had always had a way of making sure he was where he needed to be in the end. But no - his worry was that if his soulmate was too much younger than him it would only be a platonic bond. Not that that was a problem either really, but he couldn’t help but wish for a romantic bond - though he’d accept and adore whoever and whatever he’d been given. 
 
But time kept passing, and he still hadn’t felt that connection with anyone. 
It was 10 years after the war that he was woken out of a dead sleep, wrist burning. He jerked out of bed, shoving his glasses on his face to look at his wrist. He knew what a change to someone’s soulmark could mean - but he could only feel a rush of overwhelming relief that the mark was still there -  not faded as it would be if his soulmate had died. Instead, the image had shifted - changed - and Harry could only state. It was no longer just a swirl of colour - now there were bolts of what he wanted to say were electricity cutting through it. It seemed rather fitting really - that his soulmate would have something to do with electricity - what with what were nearly lightning bolts forming on his wrist. He wondered if his own mark on his soulmates wrist looked similar. Then he frowned, staring harder at the mark. It wasn’t just electricity that had changed the mark - it looked - it looked almost like - he paled. Like Death. He pushed out of bed, knowing he’d no longer be able to sleep - and immediately moved towards the fireplace. He needed to talk to Hermione - and he needed to do it soon. Whatever had happened to his soulmate - he’d nearly died. He wondered, with a pang, if upon his own death his soulmate had felt a similar fear - had felt a similar pain at the change that would’ve come. Resolve strengthening, Harry decided that he would never allow his soulmate to be hurt in such a way again. All he has to do was find him. 
 
>>>
 
“Have you considered the fact that he might be muggle?” Hermione asked tentatively even as she regarded his mark closely, his wrist held gently in her hands. He gave a sharp nod that had her blinking at him in surprise. 
“I’m nearly certain he is.” And he wasn’t sure what had brought on the realization except for the fact that the colours on his wrist were more metallic than those of Gryffindor and now with what was obviously a signifier of electricity, it would be nearly impossible for it to be a wizard. Technomancy was still a very small field and he knew everyone involved. None of them were Gryffindors, and none of them had any sort of relationship with electricity that would be able to be strong enough to be represented in a soul mark. 
“What do you want to do?” She asked then and Harry gripped his wand tighter. It hasn’t slipped his notice that the elder wand was in his hand, that it had been where his holly wand usually sat - but now wasn’t the time or place to worry about what that meant. 
“I’m going to find him. I need your help.” She blinked but nodded, jaw setting in the stubborn look he knew so well. 
“I’ll check the internet.” Then she looked at Harry and there was slight suspicion in her gaze. “Just what are you planning on doing then?” And Harry rubbed the back of his head, avoiding her gaze, feeling almost chagrined. 
“I figured I’d see if our minds were connected.” He gave a restless shrug. “I hadn’t even considered that he might be muggle - but if I lower my shields I should be able to reach out to him. He wouldn’t have had any oclumency training being a Muggle and all so I should be able to find him.”  He stubbornly kept his gaze anywhere but on her so he jumped a little at her coming right into his space, wrapping him in a tight hug. 
“All things considered, I think it’s a good idea. Wherever he is, he’s facing death. I think if there were ever a time to break the rules of privacy it would be now.” And Harry just hugged her back just as tightly.
“Right then. I’m going to go harass Draco into letting me use his meditation room. I’ll probably have the best luck reaching the farthest distance from there.” And that wasn’t something Hermione could argue, though she did roll her eyes at the fact that Harry and Draco still enjoyed needling each other despite their surprisingly strong friendship. 
“Well go on then. I have research to do.” Harry beamed, pressing a quick kiss to her cheek before apparating away. 
 
>>>
 
Tony hurt. That was nothing new but it wasn’t pleasant either. He squeezed his eyes shut against the reminder of what he’d see as soon as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Iron Man 1
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Harry Potter and Tony Stark are soulmates
Not Epilogue Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Harry Potter is happy to give him one
Master of Death Harry Potter
Hermione and Ron come later
Golden Trio
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

