Work Text:
‘It’s a nice offer, Nick, but I’ll have to decline,’ Tony said.‘Why’s that?’ Fury asked.‘Because of Rogers, mostly. He control over his strength is, frankly, underwhelming. If you’re going to make him team leader, that’s a shit show I want no part in.’Fury scowled. ‘You’re a good one to be talking about control, Stark.’Stark’s smirk told him that wasn’t the right thing to say, and it was too late to correct himself. ‘Cause you’re all about control, aren’t you, Nicky? That’s what S.H.I.E.L.D. is all about. Carter’s control over my father and the way you’re trying to take control over me. But, trust me, if you don’t get Rogers to start controlling him strength, you’re going to have a real problem on your hands.’‘There isn’t a problem with that,’ Fury stated.‘Really?’ Tony cocked an eyebrow. ‘How many punching bags has he broken since he was woken up?’ When he received no answer – and he already knew the answer – Tony nodded. ‘Not to mention his actions under the sceptre’s power.’ He held up a hand as Fury went to open his mouth. ‘And before you say the sceptre was responsible for that, I know that. However, it turns out what the sceptre can do without a handler is very limited. I had JARVIS scan my brain and he found that my negative emotions had just been exacerbated. Every bad thought or opinion I had on everyone in the room was simply magnified. The same would have happened to everyone else.’Fury’s scowl deepened, but there was something in his eye that told Tony he was reflecting on his own emotions in that time and realising that Tony was right.‘So, if that’s what Rogers is like when his negative emotions are running high, you’ve obviously got a problem. And I know for a fact that Rogers’ self-control is very low. He responds to disagreements by trying to pick fights. And you can’t do that when you’re enhanced.’ Tony turned on his heel. ‘So until you get that in hand, count me out.’ He walked out of the office with nothing more said.

***
Fury had attempted to reel Stark back in, but he wasn’t hearing it.The only thing he’d really done was disappear in France for a few hours. But they’d long-ago realised his only interest there was some fellow engineering genius called Georgine LaChristie. She wasn’t of interest to them, nowhere near Stark’s league, but she could evidently keep up with him enough to retain his interest.The worst part was that Banner went with Stark.No...No, that was a lie.The worst part was that Stark was very quickly proven right.Rogers was a walking disaster. Covert missions often ended up getting far more attention than he wanted and he was working twice as hard to cover things up. And why was that? Because Rogers had no concept of controlling his vastly superior strength. By the time he was done, hospitals were having an influx of patients and entire buildings were rubble on the ground.Covering it up as “Captain America” missions only did so much.Then people started comparing and asking questions.They asked questions like: How can that be Captain America? How would Captain America even be alive? Wait, if that’s Captain America where is he getting the money to run all over the planet like this?
And, then of course, the government wanted to restart Rogers on things like paying taxes. Then there was another batch who wanted to integrate Rogers into the modern world, maybe the same ones – or a different division of them. Whatever the case, that was all dropped into Fury’s lap but at least it took attention off of S.H.I.E.L.D.The other thing was that Rogers was being compared to Iron Man, unfavourably. People were pointing out that when Iron Man fought the bad guys, he worked with the local authorities, he contained the damage, and any damage he did do was minimal and paid for later on out of Tony Stark’s own pocket. Any victims of the damage were folded into the efforts of the Maria Stark Foundation.Rogers didn’t seem aware of his bad press and went on like normal.Then, Rogers and Romanoff discovered the HYDRA infestation. And their response...Well, they thought they were destroying S.H.I.E.L.D., but Fury knew it was more or less just cleaning house and starting over again. What he wasn’t expecting was for, in the aftermath, Stark to get involved.Apparently, he had more enhanced friends than just Banner.Burned S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were suddenly getting rescued by people with enough power to smash into high-security HYDRA bases, beat the ever-living crap out of the guards, and extract the prisoners. And Fury suddenly saw how Stark had been able to pick up Rogers’ lack of control upon watching the appropriated footage.It took Rogers three or four body slams to knock down a fortified wall. These guys knocked them down in just one hit. And there were enough of them to make up the able-bodied population of a small township. Stark clearly already knew these people existed. These people who could knock down fortified walls with next to no effort, and yet beat up baselines but hold back
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Crack Treated Seriously
Team Tony
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)

