Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It took three days to get back to Earth after Thanos snapped his fingers. In the end, impatient though he may have felt at the time, Tony ended up being grateful for the additional time. Nebula was quiet company, to the point where he sometimes forgot she was even on the ship, and the downtime gave him the opportunity to pull himself back together. He couldn’t let himself grieve. Not right now. They had to focus on putting a stop to Thanos once and for all. Grief could come later, when Iron Man wasn’t needed.They landed the Milano – Quill’s ship, Nebula had said, with a twist of her mouth that looked like pain – right behind the Compound. It would be safe enough there, since the Compound wasn’t housing anyone at the moment. Tony led her down the gangplank and, together, they walked inside. There was a thick layer of dust over everything, and an eerie silence pressed down on Tony’s ears. “You can stay here if you want,” he said out loud, needing to break the silence. Nebula seemed like she was lost. He didn’t know much about her, but she’d followed him back to Earth without argument and hadn’t made any move to leave once they got here. Tony could recognize someone who didn’t have anywhere to go pretty easily by this point in his life.Nebula looked surprised by the offer. Her eyes darted around, scanning the hallway. “Why?”“Why what?”“What do you want in return?” she clarified. That was a new one. Usually it was the other way around, with people wanting something from him. Tony thought about telling her that he didn’t want anything – or at least, nothing that she was capable of giving – but figured she wouldn’t believe him. That was fair enough. He considered the question for about ten seconds, long enough to make her feel like he’d given it adequate consideration but not so long that she would feel uncomfortable, before he responded.“Security. I have enemies and the world is FUBAR right now. It wouldn’t surprise me if some crazy people come knocking,” he said at last. It would take a little while to get the Compound back up and running. Once he had FRIDAY up, he wouldn’t need her help. But it would give her something to do in the meantime.She stared at him with a hard look, before nodding. “Fine.”“Good. Great,” Tony said, suddenly exhausted. “There are loads of rooms. Pick any one you want. There should be canned food, or FRIDAY can order something for you…” He fumbled in a pocket and came up with a Starkphone that had seen better days, but which still worked because it was created by yours truly. He passed it into Nebula’s hands and stumbled off to his bedroom.He thought he’d have trouble sleeping, or at least thought he’d wake from nightmares. But he didn’t. Tony slept deep and hard, the kind of sleep where it feels like you only just shut your eyes, and woke up to the sound of something crashing in the distance. He jolted upright and blinked for several long seconds, eyes sweeping the room like he expected to find someone there with him. There wasn’t, of course, but only then did it occur to him to realize the potential stupidity of falling asleep around Nebula when he had no warning systems in place.Still, he wasn’t dead. That was a bonus.He was terrifically dirty, though. And still in pain. He’d forgotten about the wound. He stumbled into the shower and, when he was done, examined it in the mirror. He wasn’t bleeding, but Thanos’s sword had gone straight through him. Though he’d patched himself up using what he’d found on the Milano, he was pretty sure he needed medical attention. Staring into the mirror, he made a vow to never tell Pepper or Rhodey that he’d passed out without finding a doctor first.If Pepper and Rhodey were still alive, that was. He breathed through a fresh twist of grief, trying not to think about Peter’s terrified pleading, and shuffled back into the bedroom. It took a bit of searching, but he turned up an older model Starkphone he’d left behind when he moved out of the Compound and back to the tower. Tony switched it on with shaking hands and called Rhodey.“Hello?”Rhodey. Tony felt sick with relief. “Rhodey,” he whispered.“Tony!” Rhodey exclaimed. “Oh man, thank god. I thought –” He cut himself off, letting out a shaky sigh.“Pepper?” Tony asked, barely able to squeeze the word out.“She’s okay. I talked to her this morning. Happy too.”Rhodey and Pepper and Happy. Okay. That was - Tony could work with this. He shifted on the bed, hoping that his voice didn’t sound as quivery as he thought it might. “Everyone else?”“It wasn’t good,” Rhodey said quietly. “Cap and Romanov made it. Sam, Maximoff and Vision didn’t.”Shit. Tony had been expecting to hear about Vision. Thanos had been nothing if not ruthless when it came to the Infinity Stones. He supposed that Maximoff had tried to stand in the way to save Vision, since Vision was the only thing she really cared about. Sam Wilson was a slight blow, but moreso to Rogers than anyone else. At any other time, Tony mig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
immediately post the movie
no spoilers for endgame
the snap still happened
Angst
Angst and Fluff
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
protective winter soldier
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Nebula
Mentions of Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers - Freeform
as in bucky and steve are in a relationship
that Winter is very much NOT interested in being part of
everyone wants to protect tony
Happy Ending
no seriously happy ending
Angst and Feels
First Kiss
Developing Relationship
sharing of a bed
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
team civil war iron man
winter is pretty blatant in his dislike of steve
and holds exactly nothing back
Hand wavy science
Hand wavy magic
Tags Subject to Change
tony stark picks up strays
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

