Chapter 1: start
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
After, when Loki is locked somewhere in the bowels of the ship, and Tony is definitely alive, and the portal that was in the sky is gone, shut, finished, they’re standing on the brig, looking out at the clouds.
 
Rogers’ arms are crossed, his lips pressed together. “Relax,” Tony says, casually. “All’s well that ends well, my friend.”
 
He can practically hear the thought ‘I’m not your friend’ drifting through the Captain’s brain. Instead, he goes for the more diplomatic. “You’re surprisingly chipper.”
 
“If I wasn’t chipper, I’d cry,” Tony grins, fishing out a pack of cigarettes. “Want one?” He offers, holding it under Rogers’ nose.
 
He bats him away. “You can’t smoke here,” he tells him, shortly.
 
“Aw, c’mon. Don’t be a stickler.”
 
“You’re going to set off an alarm. Don’t.”
 
Tony waggles his eyebrows, lights up anyway; Rogers plucks it, straight from between his teeth, and puts it out on the back of his own hand.
 
Okay. “Look at you,” Tony grouses, “big macho alpha, huh? That’s impractical, Steve. There’s a trashcan, like, right there. You could have just thrown it away.”
 
“Fire hazard,” Rogers snaps. “You shouldn’t have lit the damn thing in the first place.”
 
“Oh boo hoo. This carrier just withstood a hulk, I think a cigarette would be okay.”
 
“Do you really want to test it?”
 
“Yes. I like testing things, actually. It’s kinda my job.”
 
“Oh really?” Rogers mutters.
 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony turns on him.
 
“It’s just, from where I’m standing, you’re more like a damn time-waster with a bone to pick. I don’t know why. Maybe you just like the attention.”
 
Tony finds himself rolling his eyes. “Oh, so astute, Captain,” he says. “Wow, you just get me, huh? Amazing.” He starts fishing in his pocket for another light.
 
“Don’t,” Rogers warns.
 
Tony pokes him, right on his sternum. “Back-off, buddy.”
 
Rogers grabs his wrist. “Don’t,” he says, more forcefully.
 
Tony’s breath catches, briefly. He’s shorter that Rogers – no surprise, little omega doesn’t match up to souped-up-super-soldier. Contrary to what his Napoleon complex sometimes tells him, he can’t actually go toe-to-toe without the suit. And he very much does not have the suit at this moment in time.
 
“You… gonna let me go?” There’s an instinctual, hind part of Tony’s brain that is flaring mild panic signals.
 
“I don’t know,” Rogers frowns. “Do you want me to?”
 
“Uh,” Tony says, because it’s not the answer he was expecting.
 
“You keep pushing me,” Rogers asks. “Why is that?”
 
“You’re just so damn pushable,” Tony smirks, trying to keep it light. He carefully tries to wrest back control, but even though Rogers’ grip is loose, his fingers are iron. Note to self: try not to anger untested super-soldiers fresh from the horrors of war. Got it.
 
Rogers thumb is – massaging Tony’s wrist. A figure of eight. Over and over. Tony gets distracted, momentarily. Just momentarily.
 
“That’s not an answer. Can you give me an answer?” Rogers asks, calmly. His eyes are cool. Tony has the instinctive response to look away, focus on his wrist.
 
“Is there a reason you’re molesting my arm?”
 
“You shouldn’t touch me if you don’t want me to touch you back.”
 
Tony laughs, then. “What is that? Some kind of – janky pick-up line?”
 
Steve shrugs. “Depends,” he says, almost lazy, “do you want it to be?”
 
Tony wets his lip. “Do you?”
 
Rogers doesn’t smile. Does he ever smile? Briefly, Tony thinks he’s going to let go of his wrist, but he doesn’t; he lowers it, uses it to tug Tony closer. “What about now?” He asks, quietly. “Do I seem ‘pushable’ now?”
 
“Uh, from this view? No, not so much.”
 
“I’m – kinda trying to figure out what to do with you, Stark.”
 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve’s thumb is back, this time drawing long strokes from his palm downwards.
 
“Now, just what kind of alpha would I be if I let my subordinate get away with that kind of talk, huh?”
 
Tony’s eyes narrow. “Subordinate.”
 
Now, Steve smirks. “Sure,” he says. “I don’t figure too much has changed in the past 70-years, Stark. I’m know you’re useful to have around for all sorts of reasons, but you’re going to need an alpha to take you in hand if this is going to work.”
 
Tony is about to launch into a tirade, but he catches himself. “You’re shitting me, right? That’s – that was a joke.”
 
Steve is smiling at him.
 
“It was a joke,” Tony decides, “you just love to press my buttons, huh?”
 
“You poked mine first.” He doesn’t let go of Tony’s wrist; if anything, his grip shifts, tightens. “All that talk in the lab, ‘put on suit’. Everything special about me came out a bottle, right?”
 
“You haven’t show me anything to the contrary,” Tony tells him, blasé, like he’s isn’t intimately aware of Steve’s breath, the touch of his skin on his arm.
 
“Do you want me to?”
 
He’s looking at him, straight in the eye, direct. His thumb is – pressing, slightly. Grinding the bone
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hate Sex
Blow Jobs
Dubious Consent
Face-Fucking
Friends With Benefits
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Bad Decisions
Anal Fingering
Dom/sub Undertones
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Spanking
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Happy Ending
Porn With Plot
Gags
Oral Knotting
Rough Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

