Work Text:
Anthony Edward Stark, from what Barton has told Loki, is the closest thing Midgard has to a king Asgard would recognize. Wealthy, powerful, of great influence upon Midgard's armies, capable of accessing any information he desires with the help of a spirit woven into walls of his tower, unbridled out of battle and serious in – if Odin were ever remotely inclined to deign to treat personally with Midgard he would speak to no other.
None of which would have given Loki much pause if Barton had not mentioned Stark was an omega, and unbonded at that.

Thinks he's too good for just any alpha. And he's right, though there's always going to be some stupid knothead who assumes his dick should be the exception and doesn't think the consequences of trying to force Tony Stark into a bond through. Stark can handle that, though – his security during his heats is legendary, legendary. Not bad the rest of the time, but he can't afford to take risks with his company, had that drilled into him the minute he presented.

Barton had shown him pictures of the man, videos of Stark in full charismatic action for the purposes of identification, and one look at Stark's sly smile and Loki's mind had been completely decided – he will have Tony Stark as his mate.
He has waited long enough - battle has never soothed the effects of rut for him as it does for Thor and he knows, the part of him that can bear to acknowledge it, that they are getting worse. Bonding will ease that of course, but more than anything else, he wants a mate, someone who will choose him, stand by him, someone who will see Loki, all of him, as he is and not what Asgard would prefer him to be, close their eyes and insist he is.
Perhaps Stark will give him that, perhaps not, but Loki is determined to have him either way.
It is a simple enough matter to enter Stark's tower-home. He silences the spirit-voice that challenges him but does not destroy it. To have expended such time and effort weaving its presence into the very bricks of his tower Stark must care for it deeply and would be upset at its loss – hardly a good first impression.
He briefly considers attempting to take over Stark's mind as he did the beta Barton's but finds himself reluctant to do so. He is certain this time that Stark is an omega, which means he has other methods at his disposal, ones that cannot be challenged or broken by others. 
Centuries before there had been... an incident with a certain annoying omega – to be honest, Loki can no longer recall what had prompted it, or why he had been so incensed – that resulted in the discovery that a judicious combination of magic and strong alpha pheromones  could force a heat before its time. Nobody had been able to prove anything, of course, but he might still have faced some unpleasantness from the omega's (quite exhausted) alpha if it hadn't been for a happy side-effect – namely that an induced heat did not begin to subside until the omega in question conceived. The birth rate of Asgard being what it was and with omegas so rare, he'd actually had couples shamefacedly requesting his 'assistance'.
Being the civic-minded prince that he was Loki had often agreed, for reasons two-fold – practice, after all, makes perfect; and a heat in the middle of a feast or some other grand public spectacle resulted in scandals that were entertainment for decades.
"Jarvis?"
Loki stirs himself from his thoughts to find Stark entering the room, eyeing him warily. Anyone else would have had the sense to back away and Loki grins at him.
"I don't remember inviting a guest," Stark says. "Hey Jarvis, did we order in an alien demigod? Jarvis?"
"He won't answer," Loki says. "I felt we should have privacy for this."
"If you've damaged him –"
"Not at all – he only sleeps."
Stark relaxes instantly and Loki finds himself charmed by his sincere relief for the sake of his bodiless servant.
"All right," Stark says. "I'll bite –"
"No, I think that's my prerogative," Loki grins and Stark scowls, clearly irritated at himself for creating such an obvious opening.
"Privacy for what?"
"Can't you guess?" Loki says, makes sure to present himself properly, hides the tiniest of hand gestures to strengthen the alpha scent in the air.
"Sorry, honey, I don't put out on a first date."
Loki raises an eyebrow, amused. He doesn't know exactly what Stark means by 'put out', but he can make an educated guess, given the context. "Good," he says, taking a step closer, strengthening the pheromones Stark can't help but react to, even if he doesn't know why. "So I will be your first and last alpha."
"Uh," Stark says, blinking, and Loki does so enjoy the dazed look in his eyes. "Just because I don't let anyone have me in heat doesn't mean I haven't tested out any alphas–"
Loki snarls softly before he manages to recover himself – not yet, not yet, a little longer and Stark will beg for him and he need do nothing but accept what was freely offered – and shakes his head. "As if you would trust any not to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Extremely Dubious Consent
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alpha Loki
Omega Tony
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

