Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 Your eyes, they tie me down so hard. 

 I'll never learn to put up a guard. 

 So keep my love, my candle bright. 

 Learn me hard oh, learn me right. 
 
Week Four 2018 Fall Semester 
On a bright Monday morning Steve found himself sitting outside Dr. Potts’ office staring gloomily at the ominous red D that glared back at him from atop his first assignment,  mocking his failure louder than a crowd of people ever could.The crisp clip-clap of heels on the linoleum had a blush of shame riding high on his cheeks before he even looked into the cool eyes of his college calculus professor. “Mr. Rogers, to what do I owe the pleasure of seeing you at -” with a glance to her watch her brows rose, “seven thirty in the morning, aren’t you typically at football practice or did Coach Fury have an aneurysm?”“Ahh,” Steve rubbed the back of his neck, “he’s the one who sent me after -” He trailed off, waving the paper as his evidence.“Mmmm,” Potts unlocked her office and stood patiently within the frame, “well c’mon in then, take a seat.”Steve fumbled his backpack onto his large shoulders, all the finesse from years of athletic training out the window as the hideous slide of anxiety slithered its way through his belly, before easing himself into the office and the chair across the large desk. He hated this part, hated the disappointment and the inevitable feeling of failure.Every other class he aced. American Literature? He was basically a professional at giving detailed interpretations of the arching themes from the loss of innocence to the ideological American Dream. Political science? Ha. Steve was well known to live up to his title as Captain, not just on the football field, but also in his classes where he would regularly stand up and give speeches about the current state of affairs of a certain “presidential cheeto” who obstructed justice on a daily basis and how that obstruction of justice was simply an egotistical sociopath’s way of running the government, to which rounds of applause would meet him as he sat back in his chair.Art? Really any art class was Steve’s foray into an escape to which he excelled. The moment he sculpted, picked up a brush, or held anything remotely close to a graphite pencil in his hand, he radiated pure joy; creating pieces that were hung anonymously throughout the art department with pride by his professors. Art was the secret he kept just for himself.Getting lost in the blending of colors and melding of textures was his vacation that he dreamed of going on everyday for the rest of his life that only a handful of people knew about. But Math? Well. Math was the bane of his existence and he had avoided it like the plague...which is why he hadn’t touched it since the summer after he graduated high school three years prior.  Taking the paper out of Steve’s hand primly she looked it over, flipping through the pages her graduate student had marked in a very aggressive red pen. “Steve, this is the first quarter of the semester and I have to say, I understand why Fury’s worried. When did you take college algebra?” Potts commented from her seat across from him.“Um a summer course at NYCCC, in 2015.”“Ah...and how’d that go?”“Not terribly?”  Steve responded hesitantly, desperately hoping she wouldn’t delve into the mechanics of how he managed to pass the course with a very slim C. If she knew how many hours were spent studying with his eighty year old retired teacher neighbor who had the patience of a saint, she would definitely know that he didn’t have a chance in hell of making it through this course.“Is this the only other math credit you need for your degree?”“Yes ma’am.”“Hmmm.” She pondered, flipping through the pages a few more times before looking at him, her expression softening just a touch. “Have you always struggled with math, Steve?”The blush crept higher as the same shame he had felt since second grade when he realized that not everyone saw the numbers slipping and sliding around the page like he did “Um, yes ma’am.”“It happens. You’re not the only one.” She assured, handing the papers back to him. “Luckily, we’re still in the beginning of the semester and you still have time to catch up. I’m going to highly suggest tutoring at the student center. You can get a one-on-one tutor there, or do group tutoring, and your tuition covers two sessions per week.”“Thank you ma’am.” Steve accepted the paper and stood, sliding his backpack over his shoulders. Making his way out of her office he paused when she called his name. “Ma’am?”“Ask for Bucky Barnes.” Her lips turned up at the name. “He’s one of the math majors that I oversee, haven’t had a student work with him who hasn’t passed.” No pressure , Steve thought. “I’ll make sure to do that. Thank you Dr. Potts.”“Good luck Steve.He didn’t need luck, he needed a miracle.*oOo*Bucky Barnes was having a perfectly normal day, thank you very
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - College/University
Slow Burn
Jock Steve Rogers
Mathematical Engineer double major Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny Bucky Barnes
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Quarter Back Steve Rogers
Steve has a learning disability in math
do you see where this is going
Dyscalculia
Artist Steve Rogers
No one knows Steve is an Art Major
Tutoring
So many good bros
Explicit Language
Truth or Dare
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Anxious Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Bottom Steve Rogers
for now
Top Bucky Barnes
Also for now
Plot
Porn
Fluff
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Consent
meet the parents
No one knows Steve Rogers is bisexual
Eventually everyone knows
Dirty Talking Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

