Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As silently as she could, Shuri slipped away when T’Challa spoke to their father about the upcoming assembly. She was almost out when…“Shuri.”“Yes, Baba?” she replied, hoping that her smile was sufficiently innocent.“Where are you going?”“Out?”“Shuri.”Automatically, Shuri ducked her head upon hearing her father’s strict tone.“Please, Baba, please, all I need is a couple of minutes! There’s so much to do and if I stay inside of this … cage for another second, I swear I’ll lose my mind. And it’s a large mind to lose, mind you, might even cause a mess if we’re not careful.” She took a deep breath, “Look, I can’t think and all you’ve talked about is politics and missives and diplomacy and meetings and I will be a good princess and do my best to follow all that, but I need to finish that one little glitch that’s been teasing me and then T’Challa’s new Black Pa…you-know-what is practically finished.” Give or take about three months of work, but hey, who’s counting? She wanted some alone-time with only her tech for company.The smile Baba gave her indicated that he knew exactlywhat she was thinking.“Forty minutes.”“You can’t rush science, Baba.”“Forty minutes.”“Yes, Baba.”With a happy sigh, she sat down in a quiet hallway of the conference hotel’s top floor, her mental calculations faster than she was able to type. The Dora Milaje were within calling distance, but they remained with her brother and her father in the hotel room, trusting the security systems she had personally installed prior to taking up temporary residence in the penthouse floor.That made her wonder why anybody believed that Wakanda was a poor developing country. But then, the world was generally stupid that way. Perhaps, they just thought the royal family extorted their people and used that money to seal off an entire floor of a five-star hotel.A quiet whistle from the direction of the staircase had her whirl around, but she did not call out.She immediately recognized the man standing there (who didn’t, really?). His phone sat in his open palm, and he looked around curiously.“What are you doing here, Mr. Stark?” she asked, keeping her voice quiet enough so that the Dora were not alerted.He twisted around on his heels, a deceptively innocent move of a more than dubious man.“Sorry,” was the reply, somehow managing to keep the exact same volume, even taking different cadences into consideration. That was self-control she would not have given him. Everybody knew of Tony Stark’s impulsive nature.He lifted his hands in a placating gesture. “FRIDAY told me that she detected noticable EM fields on the top floor that basically blocked any kind of scanner. This hotel does not provide that level of security, so I decided to investigate. Never thought of using vibranium as a superior replacement for glass fibers, but then it’s impossible to get your hands on it, and running simulations on unobtainable material is a waste of time.”“Your father certainly obtained it,” Shuri replied, knowing her history well enough to remember that Captain Rogers had received a Stark Industries shield made of vibranium. Stark exhaled and his shoulders sagged.“Yeah, he did. Now that Wakanda is reversing their isolation policy, I’m expecting a lawsuit any day now. I can’t undo my father’s sins, but I can pay for them, so… just send me the bill.”“What makes you think I have any influence regarding that matter?”The reply was a low chuckle.“I doubt the king of Wakanda brings along children for the sake of it, which makes you either a princess or, given that nifty Vibranium suit you’re working on the floor of a really pricy hotel, you are the head scientist of Wakanda, and in view of what I know of the place, that makes you one of the smartest people on this planet. Or you’re both.”For a moment, Shuri just stared. She could not remember the last time anyone was able to surprise her in this manner. She stared at the holographic code before her and it was still only that: code.“How do you know what this is?”“Dr. Princess, you’re using A4T-based programming as a modeling system. I invented that. I can read this like Dr. Dayhoff was able to read a protein sequence.” He did not sound condescending at all; on the contrary, the title and tone implied respect. He seemed curious, his brown eyes warm and slightly amused. “You’re the first person I’ve met who’s able to use the coding system without the hologram option, though.”“Why? It’s easy enough. The hologram option is too slow anyway. A4T is great for travel-sized equipment. Back home, I developed a B5U system and it’s glorious, but it creates so much metadata it tends to fry regular servers, not to mention a tablet. I will have my first doctorate in computational engineering next year.” She continued, referring to his formal address of her. “The Wakandan university unfortunately has an age limit, which is why it too so long.”A wide, almost boyish smile appeared on Stark’s face; his eyes crinkled and he looked ab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Shuri & Tony Stark
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Shuri & T'Chaka (Marvel)

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
T'Chaka lives
Tony needs a wise Dad
Awesome Science Generation
science is awesome
The Dora F-ing Milaje (No Badass necessary in the tag because implied)
Of course the only decent father in the MCU had to die... T’Chaka must live
Protective T’Challa
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
not team Cap friendly
except for bucky
he’s precious; that will take time though
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Or at least only partially compliant
Inspired by Oky_Verlo's IronPanther Series
Inspired by d_aia's Debts
Comic Book Science
Because the MCU is now just making up things (BARF; Synapse synchronization of androids)
Real Science will be used and I will reference it
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Protective Brother T'Challa

fandom: 
Shuri & Tony Stark
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Shuri & T'Chaka (Marvel)

