Chapter 1: Chapter I
    


Summary:

"I’m fine I promise”“Then why are you curled up on the bathroom floor”“You just have a really nice floor Mr. Stark”



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter knew he was sick as soon as he woke up. Saying he felt like crap was an understatement, it felt like he was dying. Peter tried to sit up but quickly realized that was a mistake as his stomach decided to betray him. Quickly, he sprinted to the bathroom and made it just in time before puking his guts out. Groaning, he leaned against the wall beside him, trying to catch his breath and soothe his aching head. He also had the worst luck ever because of course this had to be the day when he had a massive Spanish test, which he couldn’t miss. He then heard a loud knocking sound on the door as he heard Mr. Stark. “Hey kid, you alright in there.”
“Oh crap” Peter thought, he completely forgot he was staying at the tower this week. May left him at the tower last night because she had to go to some convention for work.

“Ok kid I’m coming in” Tony called.

“No Mr. Stark I’m good, I’m fine actually, everything is fine”

“Then why did Friday tell me you were in distress”

“Oh because I, uh, lost my tooth brush but I found it, it’s all good.

“I’m still coming in kid”

Peter closed his eyes and leaned against the wall knowing Mr. Stark would never believe him if he said he was fine, so he waited for his mentor to come in. “Jeez kid what’s wrong” Tony asked concerned

“Nothing, I’m fine I promise” Peter mumbled.

“Ok then, why are you curled up on the bathroom floor”

“You just have a really nice floor Mr. Stark”

“Uh huh sure” Tony said sarcastically “Do you mind me taking your temperature then”

“No..No!! I’m all good”

“Somehow I don’t believe you, Friday scan him”

“Peter’s temperature is 104.7” Friday said.

“What!” Tony screeched. “C’mere kid let’s get you back to bed”

“No” Peter protested weakly, “I have a Spanish test.”

“Spanish can wait. Can you stand up?” Mr. Stark asked

“Yes I can try.” Peter groaned as he tried to stand up but fell down almost immediately.

Tony ran over and caught him before he hit the floor and carried him bridal style back to his bed. He tucked him back into bed, under the blankets. As Tony started to leave and get him nausea medicine. He heard a weak “Please stay.” from Peter.

“I will bud just wait I’ll be right back.” Tony left and came back within minutes and saw Peter staring at the wall not closing his eyes. “Hey bud, swallow this it will make you feel better.” Peter gagged on the pill as he swallowed it but got it down in the end.

Peter looked up at him with his big doe eyes, and said “Will you please stay Mr. Stark.”

“Yeah kid.” Tony sat on the other side of the bed and ran his fingers through Peter’s hair. Peter leaned into his touch and slowly closed his drooping eyes and fell asleep.




Notes:

Heyy!! okay thank you first off for reading this. But my next thank you has to go to everush on tumbr for beta reading this mess. Leave suggestions on what you want me to write next. And leave criticism and tell me what I can improve on. My tumbr is Tadie1234 if you wanna go check it out or slide into my Dm's (edited 4/16/20)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Sickfic
Cute
sick
puke
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter
Parent Tony Stark
Peter wears a spiderman bandaid
Stubborn Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Send me prompts
seriously I’m running out of ways to make him sick
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Protective Clint Barton
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Trans Peter Parker
only in one so far
One Shot Collection
Tony Stark Feels
Sick Character
Sick Peter Parker
Sick Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

