Chapter 1: Coming Home
    




Chapter Text

“Hey Mom, Dad,” Peter called cheerily as he entered the penthouse. He was a little late, so he expected them to already be back. 
 
He heard no response. He glanced around the room and found what he was looking for. A small handwritten note from Pepper, saying they had gotten a last minute meeting scheduled and would be back later than they anticipated. Peter briefly toyed with the idea of going back out, but he was kind of tired. He’d been patrolling all day. Pepper and Tony had been visiting SI buildings across the world this summer and Peter had gone with them, going out as Spider-Man in all of the cities. Los Angeles was their last stop, and they’d be flying back to New York tomorrow. 
 
Peter made his way to his room and pulled up a holoscreen. He logged into Skype and called up Ned. He hadn’t talked to his best friend in a few days and since he had the time now, they needed to catch up. Ned didn’t connect immediately, but the moment he did Peter knew why. Betty and MJ were at his house because he was leaving for a family trip tomorrow.
 
“Peter!” Ned greeted cheerfully, “how’s wherever you are?”

“Los Angeles is great. Sunny and plenty of beaches,” Peter responds.

“You coming home anytime, loser?” MJ asks.

Peter smiled, “tomorrow, actually. And I’m sorry Ned, I remember you texted me this morning and told me you and Betty and MJ were going to hang out before you left, but I didn’t think about the time difference because Mom said not to think of time at home so I didn’t really register you were all going to be hanging out before-”

“It’s fine, Peter,” Ned assures him.

“Yeah, I was sick of third wheeling anyways,” MJ tells him, though it’s clearly directed towards Ned and Betty.

“Well you can hang out with me when I get back. And Shuri because I think she’s coming for like three days when I make the big reveal.”

“Oh great, more third wheeling,” MJ mutters sarcastically.

“For the last time. We’re not a couple.”

“Right,” Betty deadpans, “you’re just “pretending” to be for fun.”

Betty and MJ had found out about him being Spider-Man a while back, not too long after Ned and Betty had started dating. At first he’d been super stressed about it, but it was nice to have all his friends in the loop, even if he was going to go public next week. 

“The twitter thing is completely fake. We just find it hilarious to watch the whole world fall for our deception,” Peter protests.

MJ rolls her eyes and changes the subject, “let’s go back to the calling Pepper Potts Mom thing. How long has that been happening?”

“Oh! It happened for the first time about a month or so ago. Tony and Pepper were totally cool, said I could call them mom and dad or Tony and Pepper or some combination. Mostly it’s been a combination,” Peter explains.

Betty shakes her head, “I can’t imagine just casually calling Pepper and Tony Stark mom and dad.”

Peter blushes.

“Do they call you son?” Ned asks.

“No…?” 

“Why not?” Ned asks, eager.

“Um. Do your parents call you son?” 

Ned deflates, “I guess not.” 

MJ smacks Ned lightly, and then turns back to Peter, “how was the world traveling?”

“Great! It got a little lonely on the days I didn’t patrol though. How was New York?”

“Hasn’t changed in the month you were gone, really. We went college supply shopping,” Ned tells him.
 
Peter tries not to get jealous at that. He’s going to effectively skip freshman year of college and start as a sophomore next year. They had all agreed it was probably better for Peter in the long run as it would give people time to get used to the fact that he was Spider-Man and he’d be more equipped to dealing with people recognizing him and the ramifications of that. He’d be going to MIT, like Ned. Peter had gotten into both Harvard and MIT, but had picked MIT because he’d always wanted to go there and because that’s where Tony went. MJ was going to Harvard, and Betty was staying in New York and going to Columbia. Flash was going to Michigan State, as Peter had convinced Tony not to blacklist him from college, and not to get him expelled from Midtown. 
 
“I got this really awesome pink fuzzy chair,” Betty informed him.

“It’s disgusting,” MJ countered.

Ned was the only one who noticed Peter’s smile didn’t quite reach his eyes. “What’s the matter?” he asked.

Peter shook his head, “I’m just thinking about the fact that all of you are going off to college and I’ll just be like chilling at home.”

“First off, you’re going to be training to actually join the Avengers, not chilling. Second off, you’re going to be working at Stark Industries every other day. Third, you’re going to visit Shuri in Wakanda like all the time. Fourth, you can come visit us anytime, even if we aren’t as cool as your genius girlfriend,” MJ states.

“Oh my god. For the last time, Shuri and I aren’t dating,” Peter is exasperated. 

Betty nods thoughtfully, “that’s what Ned and I told everyone for a good month. And look at us now,” Betty entwines the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Spider-mom
baby spider
The Avengers all love Peter
More Shuri and Peter antics
"We're not dating"
Identity Reveal
Twitter
YouTube

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds

