Chapter 1: Aftermath Part I
    




Chapter Text
THREE DAYS AFTER THE CIVIL WAR  -Steve Rogers, most commonly known as Captain America, is believed to have broke out his fellow outlaws from the Raft. Their location right now is unknown. All 117 countries are searching for them right now demanding justice for everything they have done over the course of last week.- The newscaster from the television in the hospital said while Tony was not paying attention at all. He was in bed and in a lot of pain, mind you, after the fight that happened between Captain America, the Winter Soldier and him.He was found in Siberia by Vision one day after the fight and it was a miracle he was still alive; after that he was rushed to the United States and had to get admitted to the hospital immediately. The surgery, so they say, lasted over 24 hours, trying to fix everything and saving him, and now he was laying in bed, not paying attention to the TV, he was just thinking.  He was lost in thought, when he heard the door open. He turned around to se who was it and to his surprise it was a certain CEO with tears in her eyes.  "Pepper..." He muttered in surprise when she came over him, kissing him over and over; Tony smirked widely "That's happy tears for you boss?" he asked and Pepper pulled away. "Happy," She laughed "At least I don't have to go job hunting," They stayed quiet for a few second until Pepper broke the silence "I thought that you were done for good" She whispered silently Tony studied her for a second "Yeah, same here" He said "But I think the universe wants me, like not dead, that's why I think i'm still alive"Pepper looked at him, tears already drying "I missed you so much, you know that?""You wanted a break""Yeah, I know but I still missed you and when I heard what happened I thought I was going to lose you forever, i'm sorry""You don't have to apologize, Pepps"Pepper looked apologetic "Yeah, I know, I know but if I knew that Rogers would do that, I would have never  broken up with you" FIVE DAYS AFTER THE CIVIL WAR  Tony arrived to the compound, stress ball in hand, sunglasses in his face; he got out of the car, standing up and looked up towards the Avengers symbol that was imprinted on the wall, he took off his sunglasses, gave a heavy sigh and looked inside, pain and sadness running through him. While passing through the common room he saw Vision, he was alone and sitting in one of the couches, fidgeting with a remote control.Vision noticed that Tony was standing in the room and greeted him "Hello, Tony" "Hi, Vis" Vision winced at the name, remembering a certain red haired witch that used to called him that. Vision looked like he was starting to say something but Tony said something first "Thank you, Vision, if you haven't arrived earlier I would have died in there"Vision nodded "No problem, Tony" Tony nodded hesitantly and continued walking.  "It's just the first prototype" Explained Tony while Rhodey was leaning into him for support"Yeah" Rhodey answered, out of breath "You need to give me some feedback, anything you can think of; shock absorption, lateral movement, maybe a cup holder?"Rhodey laughed "You may want to think about some AC down there" he felled down quickly after, Tony rushing to help him.  "Let's go, let me give you a hand" Tony said concerned Rhodey shook him off "No, no, Please don't help me, I need to learn how to do it" He turned around, wincing at the pain. Rhodey looked at Tony, a small smile in his face but quickly disappeared, looking down at the floor he was sitting in "138" Tony looked at him "138 combat missions, that's how many missions i've flown, Tony. Everyone of them could've been my last but I still flew them because there was always a battle to be fought, it was the same with the accords, I signed them because it was the right thing to do," he continued "and yeah, this fucking sucks, you know? but it hasn't changed my mind and if Rogers couldn't see that, that the accords where the right thing to do, then he is an idiot who only follow his rules and doesn't care about the others." Tony kept quiet.  SIX DAYS AFTER THE CIVIL WAR  Peter, needless to say was a hyperactive kid, he was like Tony when he was young.  "You making a movie?" Tony asked intrigued "Yeah, he is, i've told him not to, I will erase the memory card" Happy answered from the front seat, while Peter looked at him shocked. Peter shakes his head in denial, making Tony laugh "hahah, it's okay Kid, come here let's take a video for your aunt" Peter happily moved closer towards Tony, handing his phone to Tony. Tony puts it in selfie mode, pressed the record button "Hey May, how are you? I hope you're still hot" making Peter glared at him after making choking noises.  "Mr. Stark, you can't say that!" he said "Okay, okay, edit that out" Tony laughed and started recording again "Hey May, how are you? gee, May, this kid amazing, he blew my mind away in Berlin, he is amazing" After that recording a video for Aunt May, Tony
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Scott Lang & Hope Van Dyne
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Carol Danvers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Steve Roger Bashing
Not Ex-avengers friendly
Wanda Maximoff bashing
clint barton bashing
Not A Fix-It
Not Captain Marvel Complaint
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Scott Lang Bashing
because I love him
mostly steve
Wanda and Clint bashing
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
but not really Supreme family
Deadpool is here for some reason
and the reason is that I love him
not spideypool
latin Tony Stark
Steve Rogers bashing
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Scott Lang & Hope Van Dyne
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Carol Danvers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

