Chapter 1: Day 1
    




Chapter Text
Prison was a pretty boring place to be, in general.  There were occasional fights, and every now and then something interesting would happen, but most of the time things were repetitive and monotonous.  Most days were the exact same as the days previous.  The same routines, the same food, the same faces. Tony Stark was serving a life sentence for first-degree murder.  He’d killed a man when he was in his late twenties, and now in his mid-forties he was accustomed to prison life.  He knew the ins and outs, and he knew the people.  There were some prisoners who were in it for the long run like himself, but most people came and went.  Some people even left and ended up back in prison again shortly after. It had taken a couple of years, but Tony had established himself as a respectable member of the prison community.  It was rare for another prisoner to pick a fight with him.  And as for the new meat, Tony always got dibs.  He wasn’t ashamed of his affinity for young, fresh-faced men, and if any other prisoner had something against his affinity, he’d put them firmly in their place.  Many a prisoner had been sent to the infirmary for talking shit about Tony’s sexual escapades with the freshman prisoners – as they were called.But for the most part, Tony found prison life dull. Before prison, he’d been a celebrated scientist in his field.  He was smart – smarter than most people, in fact, and he never failed to mention that fact.  He’d had his whole successful career ahead of him, with Nobel Prizes and awards, and maybe even a future wife and kids on the table.  But he’d thrown it away in an instant with the pulling of a trigger, and so he was here.His cell was exactly the same as every other cell – a bunk-bed, a metal toilet and sink, and a rickety table with a chair to sit on.  The cell door was a row of bars with a lock on the right-hand side.  There was no privacy, and that was to be expected.  This was a high-security prison, after all.   The only privacy one had was when a prisoner was having a… well… intimate moment with another prisoner.  It had become common for prisoners to hang bedsheets up across their cell doors when having sex, just for that extra bit of privacy.  But other than that, everything was on full view. Tony was alone in his cell at the moment.  His previous cell-mate, Steve, had been transferred to another cell due to the numerous fights that had broken out between them.  The two had clashed, and both had ended up in the infirmary multiple times.  Tony had got to keep the cell, as it had been his cell for most of his years at the prison.  Steve had been relocated to another cellblock, much to Tony’s relief.  He was quite happy to be alone with his thoughts.  Sharing a cell could be tiresome, but it all depended on who the other person was. When the C.O appeared in front of Tony’s cell door, Tony pretty much knew he’d be getting a new cell-mate.  It was overdue.  He just hoped it wouldn’t be another Steve.“Stark,” the C.O said briskly, staring in through the bars at Tony.  Tony stood up and raised his eyebrows.  The C.O spoke again.  “You’ve got a new cellie.”Tony waited silently.  The C.O unlocked the door to his cell, slid it open and then turned to face someone who was out of Tony’s sight.  “Parker, this is your cell,” he said.  Just then, a young man came into Tony’s line of sight.  He hesitantly stepped inside the cell, and the C.O gave him a light shove so that he was inside the cell enough that he could lock the door.  Tony glanced up at the C.O, who was giving him an apprehensive look.  “Play nice, Stark,” he said in a knowing tone.  Tony smiled sweetly at the C.O without a word, as he disappeared, leaving him alone with his new cell-mate.The young man – or boy, as Tony liked to think of him – didn’t seem to want to look at Tony, but Tony simply couldn’t stop looking at him.  He was very young, very sexy, and so innocent-looking that Tony couldn’t possibly imagine how he had ended up in prison for any crime other than being too fucking hot for his own good.  Tony subtly licked his lips and then held out a hand for the boy to shake.  “Tony Stark,” he introduced himself calmly.The boy looked down at Tony’s hand as though it was a dangerous animal that would attack him at any moment. His gaze rose slowly to meet Tony’s.  He looked fearful, and Tony found it somehow alluring.  The boy’s hand came up to shake Tony’s, and Tony could feel how sweaty his palm was.  “I- I’m Peter.  Um, Peter Parker,” he mumbled in barely a whisper, letting go of Tony’s hand almost immediately after shaking it.“You nervous, Parker?” Tony asked, leaning back against the bunk and smirking at Peter with a mischievous glint in his eyes.“N-Nervous?” Peter asked, looking extremely uncomfortable.  “No.”Tony stared at Peter with a ravenous look in his eye.  He wanted him.  And Tony always got what he wanted.  Guys like Peter were very rare, but they were always Tony’s favourite p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape
Prison Sex
Smut
Dark!Tony
Murderer!Tony
Thief!Peter
Daddy Kink
Murder
Suicide Attempt
Humiliation
Death Threats
Not A Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

