Chapter 1: Target
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1
 
The mission was simple enough. Go in, seduce, get information, kill, leave. One, two, three, four, five. It was something that Natalia had done thousands of times in the past, and she was confident enough in her abilities to not even consider the possibility of the mission being compromised. Well, that wasn't entirely the truth. She was used to someone from a rivaling agency, an enemy of some kind trying to foil her mission, but she was good at what she did. Meaning that anyone who tried to stop her mission wound up dead, so if anyone tried to bother her tonight, she knew that she'd be able to handle it without batting an eyelash.


She was 2/5 into the mission when the moment of impact arrived.
She lay beneath her target, writhing and moaning in a convincing manner as he kissed her neck. His fingers caressed her hipbone, and she arched her hips against him. She was, in no way, shape, or form, attracted to this man, nor did she want sex from him, but quite frankly, she had no choice in the matter. That lesson was something she'd learned the hard way many years ago during training; if she ever thought that she had a choice, she didn't. The only choices were those that she made when presented with different options of how to kill her marks.
Her current mark pulled back to kiss her on the lips when suddenly, a symphony of breaking glass and an arrow's soft thwump as it pierced through the window and embedded itself in his skull exploded.  For a brief half-second, Natalia was nearly thrown off kilter, but as soon as the first drop of blood dripped down onto her chest, she pushed the body off of her and went straight into a defensive position. Swallowing hard, she looked around her, taking in everything that she could. The arrow had come in through the glass window, and as a result of its trajectory, the window was now shattered. The broken pieces of glass glittered on the floor in the low lamplight of the room, almost resembling tears. Natalia wondered why she would notice those small shards and make that comparison at such an inconvenient time, and she pressed her lips together, pushing everything out of her head. She had work to do.
Her trained eyes quickly assessed the situation, and she ducked behind the bed as she pulled her gun out of the dress she'd wriggled out of and dropped onto the floor only moments before. Her target had never even known that she'd had a gun sewn into the slip of her dress because, true to stereotype, men typically didn't seem to think about those things. That lesson was another one she'd learned early on. And even if men did happen to think about the possibility of a woman carrying a gun, by the time they'd considered the option, they'd spent an extra few seconds thinking about it, thereby allowing enough time to pass for her to actually use the gun.
Natalia was quiet. Her heart thumped loudly beneath her ribcage, but she didn't show any fear. Her green eyes peered over the edge of the bed, but nothing happened. Confused, she slowly lifted her head higher. She knew that she was risking being shot in the skull by revealing her position in such a careless, open way, but the current situation she was in was something she'd never dealt with before. This was when the hailstorm of bullets was supposed to rain down; men with bulletproof vests and cold, angry eyes and gnashing teeth were supposed to kick the door in and storm the room to take her. Or at least try.
It was a very difficult task to throw Natalia off, but she was most definitely thrown off. Since no one seemed to be waiting outside the window to shoot at her, she lowered her head back down beneath the bed to safety, and she began sliding her dress back on. Just to be safe, though, she kept her head ducked low behind the bed. One of the perks of being was a spy was that she was used to getting dressed in strange, uncomfortable places. Being crouched between the bed and the floor while slipping on a dress wasn't one of the more uncomfortable positions she'd dressed in, but she could certainly think of easier positions to get her clothes back on.
Moving as quickly as she could, she kept one hand wrapped around her gun. For now, she seemed to be out of danger, but she was good enough at her job to know that she was never really out of danger; she always had to be ready to take down the next target or the next person who had targeted her. Her breathing was soft and gentle in the empty room, even and quiet as she reached behind her back to pull the zipper of her dress up. She pushed her long red hair out of her face, and she lifted her head, preparing to stand up and get out of this room.
And that was when she saw him.
There was a man in the doorway, and he had her at what would appear to be a disadvantage. She couldn't see his face; his eyes were hidden behind night goggles, and the angle at which she was on the floor made her unable to see his features behind his gun. A moment of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
First Meetings
Origin Story
Dreams and Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Budapest
What Happened in Budapest
SHIELD
Natasha Romanov Joins SHIELD
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

