Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Prologue
“Imperio!”
 Harry jolted and felt the spell take affect as his muscles loosened and his shoulders drooped. He no longer was aware of the Death Eaters spaced in a loose circle around him or that Lord Voldemort was staring at him with vicious glee. They were in large, circular room standing around the veil as there was no one else to challenge them in the Ministry. He no longer wanted to escape or to fight or really to do anything. Though really, he had lost the will to fight long before now; loosing Ginny, Ron and Hermione been the icing on the cake. 

 “Wormtail, let in our guests.”

 “But my Lord, won't it kill him?”
 “That was my plan,” Voldemort hissed out, standing up  in a rather menacing movement. 
 Harry watched as Pettigrew walked past the death eaters and opened a door on the far side of the room. He watched as shimmering blue shields were erected around the circle, protecting the Death Eaters as a werewolf charged in. He watched dispassionately, unmoving, as the wolf collided with him, throwing him onto his back. Growling ferociously and drool coming out of its' mouth, it placed its' mouth right over his left arm. In the next moment, Harry heard quiet footsteps approaching him but when he tried to move, the imperius curse stopped him in his tracks. 

 He screamed as the wolf bit into his arm savagely, tearing a chunk out of his arm. His magic finally found the will to fight back as whoever was approaching him knelt beside him and brought his right arm up to his or her mouth and bit into it as well. He tossed and turned, trying to buck the wolf off but he realized the wolf had disappeared. It was just him and whatever the person was doing to him. He started to get light headed at the loss of blood, feeling himself begin to shiver as well.

 “Young one, be still. It will hurt less.”

 Harry stiffened and his magic went wild, kicking off the imperius curse and trying to crawl backwards. But the man's hold was too strong, pinning him in place.

 “Drink.” 
The last thing  Harry  saw was one of the man's arms coming up to hover over his mouth, drops of red liquid falling down.    “Well, here goes nothing,” Harry muttered, gripping his wand and trunk in his hands. He stared at the veil, hearing the whispers of death; he hadn't been able to hear anything back in fifth year. Now he could and it weirded him out. Though he supposed that being an enemy/guinea pig for Voldemort had made it possible. He still had scars from both the rogue werewolf and the vampire lord that Voldemort had brought in to 'see' him. One scar from the werewolf and one from the vampire, adding to the lighting bolt scar on his forehead. And likely none of them would ever fade now; now that his healing capabilities were about the kind that a god would have... or something.Though, he still didn't know if he himself was in one piece. He was still adjusting to being both a werewolf and a vampire. He didn't know if there were any other hybrids around but he didn't think so. The vampire that had given him his blood had taken him out of there, using what he had called, 'shadow travel'. The other creature hadn't given Harry his name but had taught him all he had known and then had fled.In fact, the vampire had mentally shoved all of what he knew to Harry; now he knew how to properly make potions, how to track prey, how to not kill someone when he was drinking from them and many other skills.And last night, Harry had gone right up to Voldemort's lair and killed him and his Death Eaters then and there. Now he was gunning for an escape route through the veil. Anywhere would be better than in this world, where the only friends he had were dead. Where the muggles, most of the muggles, were starting to get an idea about how powerful the wizards were and building better weapons.Now, he craved blood and was able to transform into a werewolf without relying on the full moon. A rarity, he supposed, as he had never heard of werewolves being able to shift on days that were not the full moon. Harry had never heard of a person that was both a werewolf and vampire before but apparently, with him it had worked.He stepped through the veil after putting both the elder wand and his shrunken trunk in a pocket. Harry expected anything but what he saw on the other side as he slogged through black mist and came out on the other side. He had thought that he had would have a hard time getting through the veil but he didn't.He landed on a balcony of some sort and just stood there, gaping at everything. This was obviously a muggle city as it had skyscrapers and there was no wizarding feature in sight. He turned around when he felt something poke his back, though it didn't feel like a wand.Harry came face to face with a guy that kind of looked like him, black hair, blue eyes and some kind of armor on. The guy was staring at him with no little confusion though as Harry stared, the guy sneered at him.“You are one of the Avengers, no dou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
5+1 Things
Crossover
Humor
Creature Harry Potter
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

