Work Text:
You asked for this , Bucky reminds himself, literally, asked for it in words. What the hell had he been thinking? He shifts about, uncomfortable, but that just moves the plug against the walls of his ass and makes him more aware of the discomfort. It's not even that big, but it's unforgiving and it's even worse when he stays still. At least when he rocks his hips from side to side it moves in a far more pleasant way.He isn't going to sleep tonight.Bucky gives in and settles into a rhythm as quietly as he can, trying not to wake Steve or Sam. It doesn't send the sparks of pleasure into him like it would if he could just change the angle a little, but it's still arousing, he's still stiff and weeping and brushing his cock lightly against the sheets, over stimulated, and his breath comes ragged.The movement of the bed must wake Steve. He's a light sleeper, after all, it's to be expected, but not a gracious early riser. He rolls over Bucky and climbs out of bed, fumbling for the bathroom without opening his eyes. Bucky stills his hips, hoping that his behaviour will be forgotten in favour of doing a piss, but Steve is back far too soon, bath brush in hand.“Stop rocking, Bucky,” He grumbles, placing one strong hand in the small of Bucky's back, pinning him face down to the bed. With his other hand, he raises the brush above his head and brings it down hard on Bucky's far cheek with a crack that makes Sam jump in his sleep and Bucky cry out into his pillow. The handle of the brush hits the base of the plug and it jerks inside him.The hand is still holding him down though, which means it isn't over. Bucky clutches the headboard as Steve lets the pain of the first blow sink in, before landing another, equally hard smack on his left cheek. Bucky whimpers, pleading for clemency. He's so tired...“Sorry,” He mumbles.Steve doesn't say anything, just climbs back over Bucky to his place in the centre of the bed, shifting Sam, who has rolled into it, out the way. He strokes Bucky's right ass cheek, feeling the heat and the swelling, and then, almost as an afterthought, he lays the brush horizontally over the small of Bucky's back.“If that falls off, you're getting it again,” Steve whispers close to his ear, before tucking himself back under the sheets.It's a miserable half an hour before Bucky can even try to sleep. His ass stings and aches and he can feel his pulse in his hole, twitching against the plug.Steve throws an arm across his shoulder and it helps, some. Bucky closes his eyes and tries to ignore how loud everything sounds.The brush clatters to the floor and shocks them both awake. Bucky realises he's started rocking in his sleep, and the plug has shifted uncomfortably so that it's further out and his hole is stretched wider. His cock is limp, now, but it starts to perk up as soon as he comes back to himself. Bucky hopes Steve will be too tired to do anything about it, but he feels Steve sit up and then push the plug in properly.Bucky whimpers but doesn't complain as Steve leans down to pick up the brush.This time, Steve lands two blows on each side, and Bucky sobs as each one batters his already bruised flesh. The sound and movement wakes Sam, and he sits up next to Steve in the bed.“What's happened?” He asks, voice thick with sleep.“Nothing, just Bucky misbehaving,” Steve pats his scarlet rump with the brush in emphasis and Bucky wipes his tears on the corner of the pillow.“What'd he do, wet the bed or something?” Sam grunts, lying back down.Bucky flushes as red as his ass in the dark, because he's never  done that. He knows Sam said it just to humiliate him, and it works.“No, he just keeps fidgeting and waking me up,” Steve twists the plug sharply as punishment, pulling it out to the fullest point before pushing it back in.“Bad boy, Bucky,” Sam admonishes sleepily.Bucky cries quietly to himself as they each fall back to sleep.
It happens again, and he can't help it, he can't help it , there's no way in hell he's going to be able to sleep through the night with a plug inside of him and he has no idea why he'd ever thought it possible. The flared base pushes his cheeks apart and chafes at the soft skin between them, and the plug itself moves about every time he fucking breathes. He can feel every heartbeat amplified against the toy as though someone's fingers are scissoring him at least once a second.This time he's already whimpering by the time Steve has opened his eyes. He doesn't spank him there and then; instead he pulls Bucky up by one arm and half marches, half drags him through to the bathroom.Sam limps behind like a zombie, taking the brush from the floor by the bed, half dead from sleep but unwilling to miss Bucky's punishment three times in one night.The bathroom light dazzles them all equally, and Sam swears loudly as it flickers on. It does give Bucky the chance to see himself in the mirror, though. Naked and trembling next to his two pyjama clad lovers, he looks kind of pathetic, which is m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Double Penetration
Anal Play
Anal Sex
Butt Plugs
Spanking
Threesome - M/M/M
Rough Sex
Dom/sub
Consensual Kink
Dirty Talk
(only a bit)
Humiliation
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Corporal Punishment
Punishment
Up all night to get Bucky
like literally they stay up all night fucking bucky
Bottom Bucky
Anal Plug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

