Work Text:
Being surrounded by the team again was…Awful.The Avengers being back together came with a lot of downfalls; Healing involved blood, sweat, and tears. Considering the Avengers Compound felt like neutral territory for all of them, Tony thought that such a place would be perfect for healing.Instead, Tony could practically feel the daggers that dug into his skin on the rare occasions that he allowed a former Avenger to see him. This feeling only increased his guilt, leaving him to his self-destructive thoughts.Most days, he stayed in his lab, running ideas upon ideas on where the Soul Stone took…Took Peter.With that train of thought, Tony ran a shaky hand down his face, trying in vain to physically wipe away the look of acceptance that a sixteen-year-old managed to convey on a dead, alien planet.Tony was a mess; an alcoholic, grief consumer idiot, and a useless failure. So far, none of the experiments Bruce and Tony ran came back conclusive. Tony’s ideas were running out.The Avengers felt just as helpless. However, they thought that Tony got off easy.He staggered to the kitchen, eager to get some coffee.“Did he even lose anyone?” Tony heard Clint ask, his voice like steel, “What gives him the right-”Tony paused in the hallway, heart beating in his chest. Of course it was early in the morning. How could Tony forget that most of the team wound up in this very kitchen.“You better shut your mouth, Barton,” Rhodey responded, just as steely, “You have no idea what Tony’s-”“Enough!”Steve. His voice sent shivers down Tony’s spine. Tony had avoided him for weeks now, refusing to even look at the man. He couldn’t handle two of his biggest mistakes in front of him. Tony tried to back away, grateful that the new floor beneath his feet didn’t creek. Just when he thought he avoided everyone, Scott Lang (an unknown really. Tony didn’t ever manage to read his file) was behind him.“Hey!” Scott said, obviously shocked by his presence, “Holy cow. You’re…Jeez, this is cool. And I’m in my sweatpants! Ironman, awesome. Great to actually meet you!”Tony said nothing; couldn’t say anything. The man’s awkwardness had somehow reminded him of a very familiar teen.“Are you getting breakfast with the rest of us?” Scott continued to ask, somehow managing to make Tony walk into the kitchen, where nearly every face was an enemy.“Look who I found!”Everyone turned to look at him. Tony realized that it was everyone in the kitchen; everyone that remained of the Avengers, minus one demi-god.“Look who decided to show his face!” Clint went on, sneering at him, “Man of the hour!”Tony could feel on the tip of his tongue the arsenal of insults that he reserved just for Barton. He remembered how they used to exchange barbs nearly constantly, only ever as a harmless joke. Tony couldn’t bring himself to respond to Barton’s biting comment.“I’m leaving.” He said instead, easily strolling to grab a mug from his cabinet and pouring the hot liquid into it. “continue your pow-wow without me.”“Tony,” Steve’s voice always had a way of grinding on Tony’s every last nerve. At this point, Tony had no nerves to spare. “Why don’t you stay? Catch up?”“Company’s a little cold,” Tony responded, paparazzi smile firmly in place, “Have fun, Rogers.”“Yeah, hide in your lab, Stark. Just like you always do.” Clint said. Tony could hear Natasha physically smack him on the arm for the comment and saw Rhodey’s nearly uncontained anger. Even Bruce looked pissed.Tony froze. Without realizing it, his entire body went tense. How dare Barton; where was he when the world was going to shit? Where was he when Thanos was attacking Wakanda? Where was he when two hostile aliens were declaring war in the streets of New York City?“You’re not the only one who lost people, Barton,” Tony told him, voice deadly, “Get off you high horse or whatever else you call the pathetic state you’re in and shut up.”“Who have you lost?” Clint roared, “I’ve lost my entire family! My kids! My wife! Everyone in this room lost people close to them! Yet here you are – Tony Stark – happy behind your little toys with no one you love dead!”“I lost Peter!” Tony whispered, seeing red. Something cold and nasty replacing his hurting heart. He wanted to destroy something; wanted to punch something so hard the he could feel the pain.Tony took a shaky breath, feeling weak. He could feel the ash between his fingers.“He was my kid,” He said, his voice cracking. “He was-”Tony took a breath, knowing that he was close to a panic attack. He couldn’t do that in front of them; refused to show weakness.“Can’t even get coffee in my own place,” Tony muttered. He couldn’t help but let out a laugh. The circumstances around his life were insane.“Tony-”Steve’s voice only made him tense. With a sloppy toast using his coffee, he turned and began his march out of the kitchen, ready to immerse himself in his work.“Protocol 57 engage.”Tony stopped in his tracks. He never made a protocol 57 – or at least didn’t remember making one. Ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Self-Indulgent
I just want some Tony missing Peter stuff
and for the team to learn about Peter
Oh
Peter's so smart
Genius boy
BAMF Peter
Peter creates the cutest robot ever
And the team finds out
The Robot's name is ALLY
she's my baby
Dead Peter
As a warning!
He's still dust sadly
The Avengers (that are left) in the Avengers Compound again
Clint Is a Dick
just for a little bit!
Sorry Clint lovers!
Not Beta Read: We Die Like Men

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

