Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
A man walks on the streets. It’s scorching hot outside, and the streets are filled with scantily clad tourists and hurrying New Yorkers who give the aforementioned tourists annoyed looks. The man, however, gets stared at as well. He’s wearing a shabby sweater and dirty jeans that used to be very expensive, and his old sneakers have walked the streets of New York a bit too often, judging from the dirt and faded colours. Still, there’s no doubt the man knows the city well; he moves with an ease that only comes from knowing exactly where you are, and where you need to go. He isn’t stared at because of his messy, unkempt hair and the shadows under his eyes, or the clothes that used to be lavish but now belong to a garbage can. People watch and mutter, and he ignores them all, striding through the crowd with an empty look and the burden of desperate hope on his shoulders. He walks by like a ghost, like something unreal, and the contrast is unknown to even the most unfazed New Yorker. Still, as people pass the man, they forget about him soon enough. Not because he’s unremarkable, in the grand scheme of things; maybe they wouldn’t have remembered him anyway, but it just happens to be that they don’t even get the choice. The man walks on, and walks like a ghost, because he doesn’t exist in anyone’s memories.~*~‘’I’m here,’’ Tony Stark mutters, as he stares at the street he needs to be in. Bleecker Street, the name plate of the street reads. Tony nods at it. He’s so, so tired. The houses rise high, but it’s clear where Tony needs to be. Bleecker Street 177A – a fancy building, but not a lot of people are aware of what goes on behind those walls. Tony knows, obviously. What’s going on behind those walls might very well be his only hope.He forces himself to walk to the house. The windows have a shine, if you know what to look for, but an innocent passer-by wouldn’t see anything particularly unusual. Tony presumes it was made that way: wizards, in his experience, usually don’t want other people to know they’re wizards. Some other people walk past, but it’s not very busy on the streets. Tony ignores them, and hops up to the few stairs that lead to the wooden door that will allow him entrance into Bleecker Street 177A, or that’s what he hopes.He knocks.For a moment, he holds his breath. Then more moments pass, and more, and a few more, and Tony knocks again. They could at least have the decency to open the door. ‘’Hey, there,’’ he shouts at it, in the hopes that someone behind it will hear him. ‘’I know that someone’s there. Hello!’’Well, whether they’re going to open the door or not, Tony’s not going to leave. He huffs, and leans against a bit of wall next to him. It kind of pokes into his ribs, but his feet hurt from walking. If need be, he’d go to the Sanctum in one of the other cities, but that would pose another problem altogether. He’s going to sit here, and eventually someone will remember to come to the door, and –Tony groans. No one is going to remember. He stands up straight again and keeps knocking, two full minutes. His knuckles are going a bit red, but the door opens.Tony knows the man who is standing in the door opening, giving him an annoyed look. It’s Wong, and Tony’s worked with him a few times before, on missions. The guy’s friendly enough, in his experience, if maybe a bit distant and overly polite. Wong, of course, doesn’t remember Tony at all, and regards him with some distaste. ‘’Can I help you?’’ he asks coolly.‘’I need Strange’s help,’’ Tony says, and tries not to sound too desperate. ‘’Look, there’s something wrong with me.’’Wong raises his eyebrows. ‘’Well, that’s not something that can be helped.’’Tony may have laughed, another day. Another time. ‘’You don’t understand. I’ve been – experiencing something that science can’t explain. Nor anything else I’ve turned to. It’s been going on for months, and the only ones I could think of to go to are you and Strange. Look, I will explain it all, but just let me see Strange.’’Wong looks at him, trying to judge him, or something of the like. ‘’How do you know about us?’’ Wong asks eventually.Tony sighs. ‘’Because I met you. You used to know me, too, actually. That’s actually the problem.’’‘’How? What, exactly, is the problem here?’’Tony looks Wong straight in the eye. ‘’No one remembers me. And at this rate, no one ever will.’’~*~‘’You need to fill in some forms, of course,’’ Wong explains, as he walks through the long hallways. Tony stumbles after him, feeling far too relieved that he’s been let in. ‘’We’re not savages, after all. The Sorcerer Supreme is busy, now, but I think we’ll be able to make some time for you afterwards.’’‘’When’s that?’’ Tony asks. Wong guides him into a small room, only a desk and some shelves filling it up. The room is obviously only in use for administrative tasks, and Tony sits down as Wong gives him some paperwork.Seems not ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Magic
Curses
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Slow Burn
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Insecurity
Friends to Lovers
Slow Build
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Anxiety
Getting to Know Each Other
Amnesia
but then a very particular kind of amnesia i guess
Tony Feels
Emotional Hurt
Jealousy
Minor Injuries
Fights
too many references to Queen
Mutual Pining
Falling In Love
Outer Space
Stephen Strange & Wong Friendship
Minor Character Death
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

