Work Text:
 




 Early morning with a fresh heel of bread in hand and his feet heading towards the forest was Peter’s favorite time of day. No alphas sniffing at his door, asking when he intended to choose a mate. No pitying looks of his neighbors or whispers at his back. Just the chatter of birds far above and crunch of leaves under his boots. Peace.Peter chewed at his breakfast as he walked towards his favorite place to hunt, thinking over an idea that had come to him the night before, a mechanical mechanism that could be cranked to mix ingredients instead of doing it by hand. May’s hands always ached from how much she had to use them to stir wooden spoons in the kitchen where she worked. If he could make that job easier for her, he would do his best to try. He was still mulling over ideas as he climbed his favorite scouting tree and settled in to wait for prey.The rabbit was fatter than his usual fare, a good meal to bring back to May if he could catch it. He drew his bow, took a deep breath, and released the arrow. It shot across the clearing and hit his target in the side, deep enough to wound, but not kill. The rabbit squealed in pain and darted off into the trees. Peter swung his bow over his shoulder, leaped down from the tree, and ran after it, following the scent when he lost visual of it.The blood grew thicker with every few feet of ground, the scent stronger. Peter ran harder, determined to get to the rabbit and kill it before it could suffer much longer. He hated wounding without a kill. He burst into another clearing, but stopped short when he spotted the rabbit. It was in the mouth of a giant wolf, easily a foot taller than his own wolf, but painfully skinny, half-bald from mange, and so caked in mud that it was difficult to determine the color of what fur still clung to the wolf’s bones.He snarled at Peter around the belly of the still-struggling rabbit. Peter’s arrow stuck half out of his mouth, the broken fletching dangling down. His eyes were deep red and wild, darting all over Peter as if not sure where to attack first. The scent of him hit Peter in the next moment, dirt and disease, but underneath it the strong scent of Alpha.“Sweet summer moon, you’re a shifter,” he said, holding a cautious hand out, intending to let the alpha scent him and show that he meant no harm. The alpha snarled at him once more and darted off into the trees, taking Peter’s dinner with him.Peter was too shocked to move for several moments, unable to process what he’d just witnessed. He’d heard rumors of a feral wolf in the woods moons now, but all the stories had been of a far more vicious creature. The alpha he’d just encountered looked more scared than anything, scared and starving and so sickly that it was a miracle he had been able to stand, let alone run off into the woods at the first sign of spooking. And none of the stories had said the wolf was a shifter. Peter couldn’t imagine who it might be. A stranger, likely. There hadn’t been an alpha gone missing from the village since his uncle was killed by thieves five years ago. And Peter hadn’t heard of any disappearances before that. He would ask May when he got home, later than expected now that he was going to have to climb another tree to find their dinner.But as he settled into the crook of a branch a few minutes later, he thought better of his decision to tell May what he’d seen. If she knew there was a feral alpha in the woods this close to their village, she wouldn’t let him go hunting anymore, and they needed the meat. They certainly didn’t have the means to buy it, not since they’d lost the farm with the death of their alpha. It was better for them both if he kept this revelation to himself. At least for the time being.When he returned to the cottage a few hours later, it was with three bushy-tailed squirrels he’d found in his snares, but no rabbits. May greeted him with a grateful smile and a kiss to his cheek anyway, none the wiser of their lost rabbit stew.  




 “You’ve been getting up awfully early lately, sweetheart.”Peter froze in pulling the strap of his bag over his head, unsure what to say. He thought he’d been quiet in his sneaking out early to look for the alpha over the last several weeks, but he should have known nothing would get past May. “Just eager to get my day started,” he told her, trying to keep his heartbeat steady to hide the lie.May crossed her arms over her nightdress, eyes narrowed at him. “Are you having trouble finding game?”“No, not really. Just… been trying to work through an idea. The quiet of the woods helps me think.” It wasn’t a lie, but it wasn’t the entire truth, either, and saying it made his guts twist around the meager breakfast he’d snuck. He let his bag strap drop onto his shoulder, forcing a smile.May frowned, but didn’t push him. Instead, she walked up to him and kissed his forehead, her warm lips against his skin a soothing balm to his nerves. “Whatever it is, you’ll tell me when you’re ready, won’t you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Werewolf Mates
Werewolf Courting
Werewolf Sex
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Omega May Parker
Omega Mary Jane Watson
Alpha Harry Osborn
Unrequited Crush (Harry Osborn to Peter Parker)
Full Shift Werewolves
Mating Bites
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Top Wade Wilson
Implied/Referenced Torture
Past Torture
Past Abuse
Past Stalking (Eddie Brock)
Discussion of Past Non-Con Scenting
Mpreg
Feral Behavior
Feral Wade Wilson
Discussion of Potential Miscarriage
Knotting
Breeding

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

