Chapter 1: Beauty provoketh thieves
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The first time Tony'd seen the kid, he was smitten. He’d been... excited, to say the least, to meet the mind behind the truly innovative web fluid biomechanical design. Antsy to see if the kid really would be able to make it work given the time, the equipment, and the materials. Tony probably wouldn’t have been there to meet him when he came in to interview, but he’d been working on the suit, and the nanotech equipment and the biotech equipment were in the same lab. 
Then there he was.

He looked expensive. That was the bizarre initial thought that Tony had about him, and later he’d wonder if it was that he was expensive like champagne is expensive or if it was that he was expensive like crashing a car is expensive. Expensive like designer clothes or expensive like designer drugs.

He was beautiful. Like blown glass. Like a Chihuly. Something Tony would like to put in a glass case at a charity ball to show his rivals that he’s operating at a different level from them. His eyes were exactly the blue-grey of where ocean meets sky in the west when the sun is still mostly hidden in the east. The texture and color of his skin made Tony think of the the early winter roses in the Paseo el Rosedal in June in Buenos Aires and the employee who yelled at him for touching one that had just been such a delicate cream-pink color he had to touch it—that was the color of the kid’s cheeks exactly the first time Tony looked him in the eye. The hair—it was the kind of perfect shiny curls he’d seen women pay thousands of dollars in stylists, products, and equipment for and still not achieve. Tony noticed the beautiful bones, the structure of his face, the sweetness of nose and lips and slenderness of neck and waist. And because Tony was a bad man, he noticed the backpack’s rips and tears, the unraveling sleeves of the worn, too-big sweater, the threadbare jeans and the duct tape on the sneakers and the hinge of his glasses. He saw the shame and the shy and the hero-worship in the kid’s eyes and thought I could work with that. 

“Got real dressed up to meet me, huh, kid?” Tony had said, winking to communicate that he didn’t mind the kid’s odd style.

Pepper had touched the kid on the middle of his back when he froze, eyes wide and starry, staring at Tony with pinkness on his cheeks. “It’s okay, Peter. He doesn’t usually bite.” Then, to Tony, “He’s brilliant, Tony. Go ahead, ask him your question.”

Tony had stood up a little straighter, wiped his forehead with the dirty Kimwipe he’d been using to mop up extra oil from the nanotech implant he’d been working on, looked at the kid and asked away. “What are you going to do if you make this project of yours work? The web fluid?”

Tony had found that this was the litmus test that would predict whether a shiny new intern was going to be something, going to make it, going to be more than a one-hit wonder. It was just open enough that kids could reveal themselves in their answer. Some talked about what they’d do with the money. Some talked about where they saw their invention fitting into other Stark tech. Some talked about using it to get into school, into the work force, into positions of power. One notable candidate had told Tony point blank, “Honestly, sir, I never thought I’d get this far. I have no idea.”

None of those are necessarily bad answers. But Peter’s answer was just what Tony was looking for.

“I’m... I’m not sure, yet, Mr. Stark, but according to the analyses I’ve been able to run without having the final formula, I was thinking that the hardness and the lifespan of the fluid could be altered to suit other purposes. It’s... biodegradable, gone after an hour, but if we could alter that at will, it could function as a catch-all environmentally friendly alternative to plastic. I think I could make it last anywhere between ten minutes and four years. It could be used for... packaging, maybe.”

Tony had smirked at the kid, causing his blush to darken. “Just by changing the length of the polymers, or..?”

Peter had shaken his head instantly, then seemed to realize who he was correcting. His voice came out very soft. “No, sir. Not just that. I think that by altering, uh, the structure, the methylation, I could give it a sort of... artificial half-life before the peptide bonds start to break down. And treating it differently I could alter the relative hardness. But some of it might call for gene-cloning biomaterial production techniques, which are—”

“Time-consuming.”

“Yes, sir. ... But that’s just another obstacle, isn’t it?”

Tony had met Pepper’s eye over the kid’s head, her eyebrow cocked like Told you. He’s just like you. “Excuse us a moment, kid. Peter, right? Yeah, excuse us a moment, Peter. Feel free to look around.”

They’d watched him from the other side of the glass. He moved like a kid in a candy shop, too excited by everything to turn hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
alright I hear this is a controversial pairing
there will be absolutely no underage
or creepy waiting to be of age
or grooming
not that I'm gonna kinkshame you
you do you
Healthy Relationships
Communication
Homeless Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
no powers for Peter
but everyone else still has them
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Power Imbalance
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Light Dom/sub
Fluff
pretending to date
Domestic Avengers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Shenanigans

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

