Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The soldier stood there a while, looking at the sign and trying to work out why it was important. 
He had been supplying himself with food, getting shelter when he needed it, hiding and protecting himself. Until this moment he had thought that that covered all his needs, but now there was this. It was something that was like and unlike going in after a mission to be cleaned and repaired and put away. Something he could do now, in fact, as it was nearly 3:30 on Saturday, without endangering himself. 
He tried to work out how he knew he wouldn't be in danger, but the risk assessment stayed solid, as impenetrable as it was definite. He needed this, and he could have it, even if he didn't know why.
Reconciliation, the sign said. Saturday 3:30. 
He hesitated still, looking down at himself. He had to be clean, neatly dressed, to go to.... He looked up again at the big building. Yes, of course. It was a church, and churches were safe. A bullet might take a man outside a church, but not inside, nor while he stood silhouetted in the doors--not even an unmarked bullet fired by a man who would never be found.
His clothes were fairly clean, his metal hand safely covered. He had bathed the day before, and he didn't smell badly enough for people to notice at arm's length. He had passed among people earlier today without being noticed. Still, he felt a strange hesitation. The phrase Sunday best drifted uselessly across his mind, attached to the image of clothing he had never worn--had not worn in a long time. His shoes, he thought, should be shiny. 
He glanced at the sign again, fixing on the word Saturday. It was all right not to be in his Sunday best on a Saturday; something about this reasoning fit into a well-traveled groove somewhere in his head. He felt suddenly, fiercely certain that it was all right to wear one's working clothes on a Saturday, even into church, no matter what anyone might say.
Spurred by the forcefulness of that thought, he broke cover and strode quickly across the open ground to the church doors. The interior was dim, but it smelled right, like church, like safety. It smelled familiar, but he knew he had never been here before. Still, he knew this place. Sanctuary.
He felt the same sense of returning-to-base that he thought he had felt at the ends of missions, coming in to for maintenance and repair. That meant pain, and forgetting, but it was the order of things: complete the mission, and then return to base.
This might mean the same thing. Perhaps that was what was required to be reconciled. But he kept breathing in the slightly dusty smell of waxed wood and the faint tang of incense burned long ago and smoke from snuffed candles, and he found that his body was not bracing for pain. His body, in fact, was soothed, tension ebbing from his muscles as they would when ongoing pain ceased.
He went further inside, through another door, and found himself standing at the back of the big open space of the church, under a vaulted ceiling of dark wood. Only a few lights were lit, and one was off to his right, showing the dark wooden structure of the confessional.
That was what reconciliation meant. He was here to confess, to do penance, and to be absolved of his sins. What he had done wrong could be made right. There was a procedure. He felt a rush of relief and gladness. There was a procedure. He didn't have to wander alone anymore, not knowing what to do next. He could hand himself over now.
He approached hesitantly and saw that the penitent's door of the confessional was open, a signal he recognized. He stepped into the darkness of the little box and pulled the door shut behind him. The next movements were as automatic as handling a weapon in the midst of a fight. He knelt before the screened window into the other side of the confessional, touched his fingers to forehead, chest, left shoulder, right, and said more words than the soldier could ever remember speaking together. 
They came in a well-worn fluent rush, easier than any post-mission report: "Bless me Father, for I have sinned. It has been a long time since my last confession."
There was a brief pause, and then a male voice--adult but younger than he had somehow expected a priest to be--said, "That's all right. You've come now. Is there something in particular troubling you, to bring you to confession today?"
The soldier marveled, even as he spoke, at the way he didn't hesitate to report, the way he knew that he could and must speak freely here. "I had a mission, Father. I could have completed it, but I didn't. I could have. I didn't--want to. I chose not to. I let him get away. I let him ruin everything, and then I saved him instead of letting him die. I went out of my way to save him."
The pause from the priest was longer this time, but he finally said, "You are confessing to not killing a man? Saving his life?"
Only when the question was asked did he realize that that was backward. It was what he would have reporte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Catholic
Priests
Confessions
Kneeling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

