Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
As much as Christine wanted to immediately write the article and reveal the truth to the world, the sheer nausea generated by listening to the recorded interview slowed her progress. She couldn’t stop thinking about it. Whenever she collapsed onto her bed at the end of a long day, she saw Tony Stark’s eyes. Deep brown, blank and sad. He looked like a puppy in an ASPCA commercial. And like those puppies, Tony was clearly an abuse victim, emotionally if not physically.A feeling located somewhere in the middle of Christine’s chest urged her to return to the Compound, scoop Tony up in her arms, and carry him out. Lay him down on some blankets and keep him safe from harm. But she couldn’t. He was a grown man and he made his own choices, not a child she had to mother. But she didn’t feel like Tony’s mother; she felt like his friend. And as his friend she couldn’t help but worry about him.Rogers had tried his level best to assure her that the witch had “changed,” and that Ultron was “Tony’s idea.” But it wasn’t fully, was it? Bruce Banner had been just as party to the events surrounding Ultron and had worked with Tony on the cyber-system. But his absence from the planet kept him from any sort of persecution.Nevertheless, she doubted Bruce had been hated during the Ultron incident for his role in its creation either. And it was hatred. The others did not merely dislike Tony after the incident, they held violent hatred for him.Barton, Romanov, and of course Maximoff hated Tony. Rogers was too naïve to see how he was hurting Tony, and Wilson was a follower, plain and simple. Vision was being used as a monument to Tony’s “failure.”It was painful to see how Tony reacted to Vision in the press conferences following Ultron. He was drawn to the android, likely because of the code within him that represented the remnants of Tony’s closest friend. But then his eyes would catch on the stone in Vision’s forehead or Maximoff would sneer at him from across the room and his head would drop as he inched away from Vision.It wasn’t as if Tony had anyone else to defend him either. His ex-girlfriend and eternal friend Pepper Potts was up to her ears in PR and paperwork, trying to save their shared company from the fallout of Ultron.One of Christine’s colleagues had been scheduled for an interview with Miss Potts one afternoon but when she’d arrived at Miss Potts’ office, she found the famous CEO asleep at her desk, her hair falling from her ponytail, her suit jacket wrinkled over the back of her chair.The reporter had noticed a small open filing cabinet in the corner of the room, as if Miss Potts had opened it and then forgotten she did. The reporter, being, well, a reporter, crept over to take a look and found the cabinet contained a soft blanket. With a rush of sympathy, the reporter had picked up the blanket, covered Miss Potts to her shoulders with it and left a card on her desk before closing her office door.James “Rhodey” Rhodes was ensconced in military talks, trying to settle the matter of Sokovia without violence and was up to his ears in mandatory meetings.Thor had taken off to space before the fallout really arrived so until Tony created an intergalactic phone connection the Thunder God was MIA.So, Christine thought, who did Tony have left? His bots? An echo of JARVIS who had his own life now? No one. Functionally, Tony had no one. No shoulders to cry his grief on, no one to vent his unhappiness to, no one to stand up for him.It was in Christine’s nature to seek out the truth, to know as much as possible so she could suss out the real story before publishing to roaring accolades. But this was one story she almost didn’t want to publish. It was just so distressing. No man as alive as Tony Stark should be reduced to what he was when Christine had last seen him.She thought back to their brief night together before he became Iron Man. How he was so passionate, reacting to her every move with a fun little twist of his own, how he laughed through their encounter and while he had left her alone in bed the next day, he had done her no other discourtesy.That brought her back to her own article. Her editors were begging for even a tentative deadline at this point. Christine was conflicted. She wanted to publish it in a rush of anger, echoing how she would react if given the chance to take revenge on any abuser.But, as in her imaginary situation, if she dared to make the information available to be judged in the court of public opinion, would it not just make things worse for Tony? She had no doubt the other “Avengers” would blame Tony for what they saw as his part in this. The way he was crushed now, he’d fold like paper before a request to refute Christine’s words. And her work would be for naught.Tony had to get to a place, emotionally, where he could weather the storm, stand his ground and clear the others from his space. With this in mind, Christine shot Tony an email. Following their se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Christine Everhart & Tony Stark
my hardcore brotp
Lovers to Friends - Relationship

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Author is a bit bitter
and a huge fan of the writer I'm gifting this to
I'm not vehemently anti-team cap but I can have my bitter moments
Anti Team Cap
Civil War Team Iron Man
Christine Everhart is a good friend and journalist
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Increasingly psychotic Team Cap
like they start out deluded and then I take it wildly off course
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Christine Everhart & Tony Stark
my hardcore brotp
Lovers to Friends - Relationship

