Chapter 1: In the Arms of the Ocean
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

1945


“Peggy,” Steve hesitates, not sure how to fill the crackling, taut silence over the channel, “I’m gonna need a rain check on that dance.”


Peggy plays along, but Steve can hear the grief in her voice, how she’s keeping herself from crying—holding out these last few moments until after, when Steve won’t be there on the line to hear any more.


There is a bank of white in front of him, the sliver of blue sky at the top of the windshield growing slimmer and slimmer as he angles downward. He isn’t sure if it’s land or sea ice, and his failing control panel doesn’t offer any guidance. It doesn’t really matter—it’s an empty canvas with nothing to harm, waiting to swallow him up.


“We’ll have the band play something slow.” Steve doesn’t really even know what he’s saying anymore, just a last flickering resistance against the vast still silence in front of him. “Wouldn’t want to step on your—”


He’s aware for one blazing moment of a wall of furious white pressure slamming into him.


Then nothing.

*

2019

Bucky picks his way down the rocky slope to the beach, keeping his feet to the softer snow that’s least likely to be too slick for a foothold.
Alice coos softly to herself next to his ear, her small heels kicking at his waist happily from where she’s tucked up against his back. She reaches around, attempting to grab a fistful of his beard as well, but can’t quite manage it with her mittens on. She’s gotten quite grabby these past two months and he thinks daily how he should just go back to keeping a clean shave. That a startling amount of salt has crept in with the pepper despite the fact that he’s only just waved goodbye to thirty doesn’t help. It just feels like a lot of work when it’s only the two of them to see.
He’s grateful that they’re finally getting at least a little bit of a break in the weather so she can be out long enough for him to stretch his legs. Though the days are still just below freezing, it feels practically balmy after the long stretch of a winter on the subarctic Labrador coast. It’s even warm enough that he might be able to do some fishing this week, which would be a nice change of pace.
Bucky notices that he’s humming to himself tunelessly, and laughs a little. Spending the last not quite year almost exclusively with Alice has definitely rubbed off on him in unexpected ways. He reaches up behind him and gives her little mittened hand a squeeze, eliciting a pleased stream of chatter. At 16 months, she has opinions to share on just about everything, at length, but only about five actual words. Bucky tries to savor the wordless babble, these waning months of still being more baby in some ways than toddler.

I love to wake up in the wildwood, over fields of ice and snow
And my heart will always be there where the mountain breezes blow

Bucky’s breath puffs out thick and white as he sings and Alice pats him on the head in approval.
They’re on the beach now, though calling it that is somewhat generous. It’s not anything like the sandy stretches he’d grown up visiting in the summers of his New York childhood. But it isn’t a jagged cliff that drops directly into the sea like most of the surrounding area, so he supposes it’s still technically accurate.
The water is quiet today, deceptively innocent. He’s seen the waves raging along this same shore, completely engulfing this spit and crashing nearly 30 feet above where they stand now. But today there’s barely even a wave lapping at the rocks and he can see all the way out to where remnants of the year’s ice pack still clusters offshore, slowly cracking and disappearing for the season.
Bucky returns his eyes to the ground, absently searching for any interesting driftwood or other ocean detritus that’s washed up since the last storm. He leans over to pocket an iridescent fragment of abalone shell to add to their collection.
His eyes roam a little further—then he freezes.
There’s a large shape half on the sand ahead of him that for half a beat he thinks must be driftwood or a seal, before realizing it is distinctly human shaped.
Shit. Bucky sprints forward, heart pounding rapidly—a distant corner of his mind is glad that Alice is too young to understand what’s happening, the fact that they have almost certainly just stumbled on the corpse of some unfortunate fisherman or hiker. Nothing survives the temperatures of this water for long—the cold paralyzes within 15 minutes, kills well within an hour.
Which is why Bucky is entirely unprepared to lean over the hunched body, still being lightly buffeted by the creeping waves, and see a small white puff of breath coming from the man’s mouth.
“Shit,” Bucky says, aloud this time. “Shit fuck.”
Bucky seizes the man under the armpits, yanking him back out of the frigid water as best he can. He’s stiff and waterlogged, and not a small-boned person in the first place. But Buck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The First Avenger
Steve's plane isn't found
Kid Fic
Dad Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
they both hold a baby a lot
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Found Family
avengers cameos - Freeform
First Time
Frottage
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Badass Peggy Carter
Slow Dancing
Snowed In
Slow Burn
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Let Steve Rogers Rest
Memory Loss
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

