Work Text:
Peter woke up to the sound of his alarm screeching in his ear. It took several seconds of blinking and stretching to realize that he was going to be late for school. He bolted out of bed, threw on some clothes, and barely managed to grab his phone on the way out the door. Despite his best effort to leave his apartment quickly, Peter only had 5 minutes to get to school on time, but Midtown was at least 15 minutes away if peter ran the time.
“Nice of you to join us, Mr. Parker” his biology teacher, Mr. Harrington sneered as peter slid into his seat 10 minutes after the start of the period. The school’s morning announcements were still playing on the TV at the front of the class, and Peter let out a sigh of relief that he hadn’t missed anything important, only the pledge of allegiance and the weeks lunch menu.
“Sorry, sir” Peter mumbled as he pulled out his notebook and pens, preparing for his first class that would start immediately following the short homeroom period. As the student news anchors droned on and on about the basketball team’s latest game and the upcoming robotics competition, Peter let himself take a deep breath and relax after his fast-paced and stressful morning. He had only been zoning out for a few seconds when he felt the class perk up around him.
“…. results are in from last week’s test to determine which 20 seniors will get to go on this year’s field trip” he heard Betty Brant, one of the morning news anchors, read.
“The top 20 scorers were….” And peter started listing for his name, just as every other student started listing for theirs. Ned and MJ were both listed early on, which didn’t surprise Peter in the least. They were both brilliant and were the top scorers on the academic decathlon team. Peter couldn’t even find it in himself to be surprised when Flash’s name was called. As much as he hates to admit it, despite being the biggest dick to walk the halls of midtown, Flash was pretty smart and it was no shock that he did well on the school-wide exam.
Once Betty and Jason read the 19th name on the list, Peter felt himself lose hope. There was no way the last name called would be his. He leaned back in his chair, content to tune out the rest of the announcements (and probably most of biology as well). 
“… and the last name on our list, who, for the first time in Midtown history, received a perfect score on the senior trip exam, is Peter Parker. All 20 students should report to the front office by the end of the school day to pick up their permission form. Signing off this is…”
Peter couldn’t believe his ears! He, Peter Benjamin Parker, got to go on the senior field trip! His day just went from terrible to fantastic in .2 seconds. 
---
Peter didn’t have any free time between his morning classes, so he made plans to drop by the office before he went to the cafeteria for lunch. Ned and MJ were both in the class Peter had right before lunch, so they found themselves making their way to the front of the school together. Flash, who had been gloating all day about getting to go on the trip, was exiting the front office right as Peter and his two friends reached the door. Just as they passed by each other, flash purposely slammed peters shoulder and whispered in his ear “You better watch out, Penis Parker, or people are going to find out that your Stark internship is fake”.
Flash had been mocking Peter and his internship for years, to the point that nobody besides Ned and MJ really believed that Peter regularly worked with Mr. Stark. Peter didn’t really care what Flash said or thought, but the pushing and the name-calling really got old after a while. Peter didn’t care that flash still didn’t believe him, but he was slightly curious as to the context of Flash’s threats. Why was he bringing the Stark internship up now? Peter soon found out when he read the information on the permission sheet the secretary handed to Ned, MJ, and him. The senior class field trip would be held a week from Friday. All students attending were to meet at school 20 minutes before classes would regularly begin. The field trip would include lunch and a tour of Stark Industries at their Stark Tower location. 
The world went out of focus as Flash’s words suddenly made sense. Peter couldn’t prove he had an internship with Stark Industries. He never went to Stark Tower as his civilian self and only did actual intern things at the Stark Industries location at the Avengers Compound. In fact, the only times he ever went to Stark tower were when Mr. Stark brought him there after a serious Spider-man injury or when he needed the extra web-fluid that was kept in one of the top floor labs of the building. He only ever entered through the top floor windows and FRIDAY recognized him, so there was no need for him to have a pass. Nobody at Stark Towers would recognize him, meaning that Peter Parker was completely and utterly screwed.
---
The day of the field trip came too quickly. Peter had tried to convince his Aunt May th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Stark Tower

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

