Work Text:
“I need to talk to Tony.” Steve insisted for what felt like the millionth time. Just like the previous times and all the times before that Colonel ‘you will refer to me by my title Captain’ Rhodes looked incredibly unimpressed.“Why?” Rhodes asks. “Tony is not responsible for you or your equipment, he isn’t team leader as that role belongs to myself and Captain Marvel, and if you have an issue with the accords you would take it up with the panel. Why do you need to talk to Tony Stark?” Steve resents the exasperated tone, and the way that Rhodes hasn’t stopped typing up whatever he’s typing to give Steve his full attention.“It’s a personal matter.” Steve says, and again it feels like the millionth time, he could practically quote Rhodes’ reply.“Then why are you coming to me? This is a workplace environment personal matters are to be taken care of on your own time, using your own resources.” Rhodes explains, and he still doesn’t understand. Steve would love to handle this on his own, he just needs to talk to Tony.“I will handle it, I just need a chance to talk to Tony.” Steve explains, and he would swear that Rhodes is rolling his eyes.“Captain Rogers, as you can see, I am working. If you have a complaint that is actually handled by a team leader feel free to drop in. If not the door is there,” If Steve didn’t have super hearing he probably wouldn’t have heard as Rhodes tacked on “As you damn well seem to know.” He decided to be the bigger man and let it go, he would just have to find some other way to talk to Tony.…Tony wouldn’t say he had been avoiding the Rogue Avengers since their return, he wouldn’t say it but it was definitely true. Things were tense, and Tony still had nightmares about Steve Rogers holding that shield above his head. He didn’t want to see them at all and had a series of alarms set up through Friday to warn him if any of them were getting to close, as well as an unofficial buddy system.When they had arrived back at the compound it seemed as if they were waiting for him to apologize. Friday had heard them mentioning forgiving him only after he groveled. They didn’t regret a thing they had done, and their pardons only served to convince them they had been right. It had taken a while for the fact that they would not be getting any sort of apology from Tony to sink in, and his obvious cold shoulder hasn’t stopped their desperate attempts to talk to him in the slightest.Rhodey’s blatant refusal, a recording of Tony’s refusal, and the Accords Panel informing him that Mr. Stark was not required to speak with him had done nothing to dissuade him. Steve Rogers could not but a hint, he’d somehow convinced Natasha to run interference, the spy rushing Rhodey off due to an emergency in the training room, no doubt manufactured by her best friend Clint Barton. It was the first time he’d been left alone in a common area and there Steve was looming in the doorway.“Hey Tony,” Steve greets, his voice is friendly, but his body language tells a different story. He’s blocking the entire doorway, arms crossed over his chest and that same determined set to his chin. The look on his face leaves the words I could do this all day ringing in Tony’s head.Hello Captain Rogers, I don’t believe we have an appointment.” Tony says, doing his best to be cordial. He’s small compared to the Captain and the memories of the man looming over him, shield held high, make him feel even smaller. “And I am afraid I have other obligations, so if you’ll excuse me.” He stands to leave refusing to sit in front of this man. Rogers doesn’t move, and Tony hides shaking hands in his pockets.“No.” Steve says, and honestly Tony shouldn’t be surprised he’d been hoping it would be that easy but it never is with Rogers.  “Tony,” And there it is that reprimanding, I am your commanding officer voice. “This has gone on long enough, we need to talk.”“No.” Tony says, and Steve fails to cover his shock. “No, we do not need to talk, not right now, not later today, not this week, not ever.” He takes another step, and Steve shifts to better block the doorway.“Tony,” And there’s that reprimanding tone. “We do need to talk you’re being childish.” Steve scolds, and Tony is seeing red. “Can’t we just have a conversation?” He’s being childing, and here he thought Steve was doing his best impersonation of a middle school bully.“Okay fine, you want to talk, let’s talk, but first you are going to listen, and answer a few questions for me.” Tony says, trying to think of the best way to phrase things. “You know a lot about bullies, right?” Steve nods, relaxing slightly.“Yeah, yeah I do.” Steve assures him, and there’s that classic Brooklyn proud smile on his face, Tony wants to punch it off of him.“Well I could use your help, see one of my interns, we’ll call him James,” He says reaching for a name Steve will feel sympathy for. “I found him and another intern in one of the labs the other day, James looked really uncomfortable, he’s a small kid, smart bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Confrontation
hurt comfort
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

