Work Text:
“Our country is in danger.” Tony glances up to see that the his background noise is apparently the news today, and they’re reporting on the newest presidential candidates. “We need to protect American interests, and the best way to do that is to bring back our American heroes.” Tony turns back to his welding, as the man continues. “I intend to grant a presidential pardon to Steve Rogers, Captain America,” He pauses as if letting the name settle in. “Clint Barton, Hawkeye, Sam Wilson, the Falcon and a member of our Military.” Tony snorts a laugh at that well aware the Wilson had been dishonorably discharged for his actions. “Natasha Romanoff, Scott Lang, and Wanda Maximoff. These are our heroes, home grown American heroes.”“Really a Russian and a Sokovian are your home-grown American heroes?” Tony mumbles to himself. There’s been some public outcry for the return of ‘The Avengers’, Tony has mostly ignored it, but despite their standing outside of America Steve Rogers spent nearly a century as America’s sweetheart the American public had a hard time hating him. Sometimes it felt like people still thought he could do no wrong.“Captain America, Mr. Truth, Justice, and the American Way.” Tony snorts derisively, flipping up his mask to inspect his weld. “And yet he can’t tell the truth, refuses to face justice for his actions, and fled the country he’s so proud of after becoming a criminal.” He rolls his eyes. “Friday change the channel.” She has a sense of humor, he’ll give her that immediately putting on Dr. Phil.“Done Boss.” She informs him, and he can’t help but smile.“Thanks Fri.” He’s glad to have her, even if he misses JARVIS, glad to have the sound of the TV. He doesn’t miss them, but he does miss having people around constantly. “Friday, do a search for powered people, look at the SHIELD files, as well as any reports of vigilantes. He flips his mask back down, moves onto the next weld.   “If you elect me, I will do everything in my power to protect this country.” The asshole had won the primary. “I will bring back the Avengers, America’s heroes will return home, I will protect our borders from alien forces.” The man sounded like a lunatic to Tony, but he was met with loud cheers at his rallies. It was mildly concerning, but Tony put off worrying about it until he was elected, no point counting your chickens before they hatch. “I will keep America safe.” This was met with cheers, as usual the American public had a very short memory, and the idea of heroes was comforting.“Turn it off Fri.” He says, and the screen shuts off immediately. “And put a call into legal, make sure we have all our bases covered. I don’t want any surprises.” He rubs at his sternum, the echo of pain a constant reminder. He turned his attention back to the problem at hand, nanites.  “Hello? Dr. Stark? This is Marie Robinson from the white house. Your secretary put me through.” Tony is going to have to talk to his secretary about this, but for now he needs to handle this conversation with at least a minimal amount of tact. He hums in acknowledgement and waits for her to continue. “The president would like to speak with you. When would you be available to come to DC?” She sounds confident, as if it is a given that he will agree. Tony stamps down on the desire to say ‘no.’ and hang up.“I’m afraid I won’t be in DC anytime soon.” Tony says, not bothering to open his schedule. “Even if I were I don’t exactly have a lot of free time, you understand?”“Of course, Mr. Stark, but we really need to speak with you-“ She tries again, and Tony rolls his eyes.“Then reach out to my secretary and schedule an appointment like everyone else Ms. Robinson. I’m afraid I’m very busy.” He can hear her trying to say something else, but he’s already hanging up the phone. It feels good to hang up on her like this, even if she’s just doing her job.   “Thank you for meeting with me Dr. Stark.” Marie says, reaching over his desk to shake his hand before taking a seat. Tony gives her a kind smile hoping this will go as quickly as possible.“Of course, Thank you for going through the proper channels to schedule an appointment.” It’s a bit of a dig at her, but she takes it in stride. “What can I do for you today Ms. Robinson?” He doesn’t want to do anything, but it plays well if he at least listens to the white house.“The President thinks that you could be a vital part in our efforts to return the Avengers to American soil. If you would back the pardon it would help to gain public approval of their return.” She sounds like she’s been dreaming of their return, has it all planned out as they’re greeted by adoring fans. “You would just need to make some comments to the press approving of this move. If you spoke on behalf of the Avengers it would do wonders for our cause.” ‘Our cause’ as if Tony even remotely agrees with this plan. He wants to roll his eyes but it would be better to maintain professionalism.“I understand that it would help your cause Ms. Robinson
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Government
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly

fandom: 
None
