Chapter 1





Chapter Text



 
Steve Rogers had survived more than he cared to remember.
 
Polio. Scarlet Fever. Pneumonia. A bum heart.
 
Basic training. Hydra. Nazis. Chorus Girls. World War II.
 
A plane crash. Kind of.
 
An alien invasion.
 
It seemed, however, that the thing that would finally kill Steve Rogers would be as mundane as it was ridiculous.
 
“Your poll numbers are way down, and we need to get them back up.”
 
 Poll numbers .
 
Because, apparently in 2013, public opinion about Steve Rogers and his performance as Captain America mattered more than his  actual performance as Captain America .
 
Last week, Steve and Natasha had taken out a terrorist cell with plans to blow up the Eiffel Tower, and the only casualty had been the broken arm of one bad guy because he tried to cop a feel and Natasha hadn’t been in the mood to watch Steve get his pec squeezed.
 
But this week?
 
This week,  his poll numbers were way down .
 
Steve had thought it was a joke, when he had been summoned to the lower floors of Stark -  Avengers  - Tower and ushered into a conference room to meet with Tony, Natasha, Pepper and a handful of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents that included Jasper Sitwell, whom he hadn’t met before today. The other two S.H.I.E.L.D. agents had identified themselves as Agents Thompson and Cortez, both in the PR department at the agency that Steve had thought was concerned with saving the world.
 
Foolish of him.
 
“Look, we understand it’s difficult,” Sitwell said in a voice that did nothing to endear him to Steve, talking at him like Steve was suffering from dementia, or perhaps acting like a recalcitrant toddler. “This is a whole new world for you, but it’s okay, because we’re here to help you.”
 
“I’ve been living in this whole new world for a year now,” Steve had to point out. “Long enough to get a cable subscription and then cancel it after I watched a Youtube video that taught me how to splice into my neighbor’s.”
 
Sitwell stared at Steve in disbelief. Nat pursed her lips.
 
“What do you mean, your neighbor?” Tony asked. “You live  here  .  I’m  your neighbor.”
 
Steve nodded amicably.
 
“And I appreciate that you sprung for the extra sports channels. Seeing the Dodgers play in HD is almost as good as seeing them back at Ebbets Field.” Which was a lie, but Steve didn’t think anyone here knew him well enough to call him on it. Except for Natasha, who just rolled her eyes and seemed content to let Steve keep acting like an asshole.
 
Tony held up a finger, mouth already open to offer a retort, but Pepper put a hand on his arm and, miraculously, he shut up.
 
“The point we’re trying to make,” Sitwell jumped back in, “is that we have to manage your image better. We have an angle for the other Avengers. Look at Stark. He’s at the helm of one of the most profitable tech companies in the world, the public knows he likes to have a good time, and they like that about him.”
 
Steve was confident he had seen footage of Tony telling Congress to go fuck themselves, and he had a hard time thinking that S.H.I.E.L.D. really wanted him to emulate Tony Stark, of all people. Still…
 
“Or,” Sitwell rushed on, seeing something in Steve’s expression that clearly unsettled him. Maybe he was smarter than Steve had initially given him credit. “Or Thor, alien god with a Nobel Prize-winning scientist girlfriend. Very marketable. Very media-friendly.”
 
“What about me?” Natasha offered up, a smirk on her face that Steve had seen directed at men right before she shot out their kneecaps.
 
“Obviously, you and Agent Barton are kept out of the media attention for reasons we don’t need to go into,” Sitwell said. “Which is  why  we need Captain Rogers to step up and do his duty and-”
 
“My duty?” Steve echoed. “I thought saving people was my duty.”
 
“And it is,” Sitwell said in a voice so patronizing even Tony sneered. “ But  , the best way to make sure that you have the backup to do that job - to make sure that S.H.I.E.L.D. has funding, and that Congress doesn’t decide to open an investigation into the Avengers’ activities or create an oversight committee, is by keeping the poll numbers up. If the public loves you, then everything is good. If they don’t, then we’re looking at a lot of problems for  you , the Avengers, and S.H.I.E.L.D.”
 
Steve could, to an extent, understand all of that. He didn’t  like  it, but he understood how important public opinion could be.
 
Still, he thought he was done with propaganda. Thought he had sold his last war bond seventy years ago.
 
He sighed.
 
“What do you want me to do?”
 
Cortez and Thompson looked like it was Christmas morning.
 
“Well, we’ve got a multi-stage plan laid out.” Cortez slid a piece of paper across the conference table towards Steve.
 
Gingerly, Steve picked it up.
 
And glared at it.
 
“Absolutely not,” he said after three lines of ‘scheduled appearances’, two of which included going on talk shows, and another a  game show  or a  reality dating show .
 
“We can make adjustme
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake Dating
Big Bang
Stucky - Freeform
shrunkycluns
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Explicit Sexual Content
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

