Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony groaned half-tiredly and half in pain as he pulled himself upright as best as he could. He inwardly cursed Rogers, and perhaps, Barnes for his current situation.He sighed once more as he pressed the release button on his suit to remove the armor. It wouldn't do him any good if he got trapped in his damaged suit in the Siberia… in a HYDRA base with possible HYDRA agents lurking about.“If I wasn’t who I am, I would've died from that blow to the chest.” He muttered under his breath, and exhaled deeply. “Never mind that my Arc Reactor and the pieces of shrapnel in my heart would've caved in from an attack by a super soldier.”He let out a painful groan as he leaned against the cold wall, and glanced at his watch, trying to figure out an estimate on the backup armor that he called for before he confronted Rogers and Barnes. He still had about three minutes before FRIDAY arrive with his Mark LII – in the meantime, he was going to stay still and try to stay inconspicuous as possible.It wouldn’t do him or anyone else any good if he showed all of his cards here, especially when he knew there were hidden cameras littered in the base.He gingerly rubbed his ribs, already knowing the damages without having a doctor look at it – he would be extremely lucky if one of those broken ribs didn’t pierce his previously damaged lungs. In fact, he felt it was a miracle that he was still conscious with this injured body.Tony exhaled once more, silently watching the white smog coming from his breath due to the frigid air, and then inhaled just as deeply. He paused in his mid-action when his breath itched and coughed a few times before he paused once more when he noticed red droplets in between his hands.“Shit.”♤☆♤☆♤☆♤☆♤Rhodey resisted the urge to glare at the group – the Rogue Avengers as the media previously called them – despite his promise to his best friend that he'd try to be amicable. He didn't know what he was thinking when he made that promise, but it was too late to take it back now.“Rhodey, it's good to see you walking again.” Steve greeted with a handshake and a smile.“I'm so sorry, man.” Sam apologized belatedly for the attack. “I'm glad you are doing fine.”He nodded at Sam's apology, knowing that such incident was bound to happen when they fight amongst themselves. He then looked over to the group, silently regarded their tired visages while knowing that he looked the same as well.“It's good to know that you finally signed the Accords.” He started, but raised a hand to stop whatever Clint was going to say to slander his best friend. “For the record for the umpteenth time, Tony didn't have a hand in this except to amend it in our favor. Ross, who was behind your capture, has been arrested with evidences collected by Tony and FRIDAY. And if you had read the Accords, you'd know that it is the wish of people from 117 countries, not just the government.”“Speaking of Stark, did he think he’s too good to come and meet us?” Clint sneered with a scoff.Rhodey resisted the urge to clock the archer for that remark, and bit back the scathing remark that was on the tip of his tongue. Instead, he schooled his expression to mask the anger boiling within him as he shot a dark look towards Steve and Barnes, who was standing near the back.“No thanks to you, Rogers. Tony has to meet with a doctor every week to make sure he is healing properly.”A small unnoticeable smirk appeared on his expression when he saw the shocked expression from the group before him. Furthermore, he couldn’t believe that some of them looked at him in disbelief and in suspicion, almost as if they thought he was making up this.Were they really this idiotic to think that he would conjure up something ominous as this?“But it’s been a month since we last saw Tony.” Steve protested with a frown.“That’s what happens when you slam a vibranium shield to someone who is baseline human.” Rhodey responded with a scoff, and added, “You know that Tony also has pieces of shrapnel in his chest and Arc Reactor. He flat-lined a couple of times, but it’s a miracle that he is alive after it all.”“So, the doctors were able to help him?”He flicked his gaze over to Natasha when he heard her inquiry, and replied with a, “The damages he sustained from the fight caused some pieces of shrapnel pierced his lungs. Dr. Helen Cho had to refer to another doctor, who managed to successfully perform surgery on him, but his lungs are smaller now and he has a difficult time getting enough air in his lungs as a result.”“He’s not completely healed?” Scott questioned with furrowed brows.“It’ll be a miracle if he is.” Rhodey had to scoff at the question, and added before anyone could say anything further. “After all, he had several complications when that shield broke some ribs.”“Can we go see him, Rhodey?” Steve questioned almost pleadingly.♤☆♤☆♤☆♤☆♤Tony blinked languishingly at the florescent light in the med-bay – a room Dr. Solace forced him to remain until he could brea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony's secret
Civil War Team Iron Man
Consequences
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
None
