Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Steve Rogers spends a lot of time in the 21st century explaining to people that he has a young, agile mind - despite having spent seventy or so years on ice - that he doesn't struggle with technology the way everyone assumes he does and no, Tony, I don't need extra large buttons for this - it was one time!(He'd cracked the screen of the last StarkPad Tony had handed over. It's not his fault the things break at the slightest sign of pressure. And, really, any good friend would have warned him about Flappy Bird before he'd done hundreds of dollars worth of damage. Nat had just laughed at him. Laughed. And wandered off, leaving him to his Flappy Bird-induced misery.)He doesn't need an instruction manual for an iPhone and he's read extensively on the difference between Mac and PC. He's all up to date, he reassures his team mates as he holds his brand new StarkPad upside down.It's all an enormous lie. It's also one of the many reasons he's glad Bucky's here with him in the 21st century. He can usually avert minor, technology-induced disasters before they even happen; it had been Bucky who had patiently explained computer viruses to him and told him that just because the internet says you've one a million bucks doesn't mean you really have.(He hadn't really believed that one. No, really. He'd just been - curious. Or something.)Bucky sets him up with a twitter and a facebook and warns him off tumblr - he gets one anyway. He likes looking at the drawings. His username is CaptainAmerica1920 and absolutely no one believes he's the real Captain America because, according to one user, the symbol of American freedom and patriotism doesn't use Comic Sans.It's a particularly cheery font. So sue him.Tony's the one who gets his twitter account authenticated for him, and as soon as the little blue tick appears next to his name followers start flooding in. Bucky insists on taking dozens of selfies - Steve had scoffed, because there's no way in hell that's a real word, until Stark had fetched a dictionary and showed it to him, along with a particularly smug expression - of the two of them and sets one of them as Steve's profile photo, Bucky grinning through a faceful of bedhead, Steve mock-scowling up at him.He gets a lot of notifications. More than he can really keep up with. He turns on his phone one day and finds it's only showing tweets from people he follows - and Bucky's looking particularly suspicious - but Steve determinedly sets it back to normal and tries to reply to a few messages. He tells teenage girls he likes their drawings, says hello to a fan in Hong Kong - you hear that Buck? Hong Kong! - and asks Obama how his day is, because it always pays to be polite. Also because he and Bucky are sort of in D.C.'s bad books since they destroyed half of Washington.When his twitter conversation with the President is on the news the next morning, Bucky staring slack-jawed over his cereal, he learns that a little reservation on twitter might be best.Bucky's unfairly good at twitter, though. If you can be good at such a thing. He largely eschews facebook - his only friend is Steve. Steve has six thousand, five hundred and forty friends, leading Pepper to tentatively offer a PR woman to take over his facebook posts, which so far consist of a picture of a dog he saw on his daily run and a single "hello!". He declines, politely - but twitter is his forte. He has more followers than Clint and Nat put together - a fact that secretly infuriates them both greatly. His recent success is a hashtag: #badcaptainamericaphotos, with various unflattering shots of Steve doing ordinary, every day things. The one where it looks like he's picking his nose - I was scratching it, Bucky! Take it down! - gets the most retweets.
thanks 2 @official_barnes 4 setting up my twitter. here is a photo. #badbarnesphotos
He posts one of the selfies they took the other day - he kissing Bucky on the cheek, the man scrunching his face up in mock-disgust - and rolls his eyes at the tweet that quickly pops up on his timeline.
u all think steve rogers is so great. you're wrong he's the #actualworst
'You were joking, right?' Steve calls out to the bathroom where Bucky's brushing his teeth, the man in question poking his head round the door, hair pulled up into a messy bun, toothbrush sticking out of his mouth. He's wearing a vest top with some obscure symbols printed across it, skinny jeans - Nat forced Steve into a pair once. They were quite possibly the most uncomfortable things he's worn in his life - and a pair of reading glasses he insists he needs despite the fact Steve knows he's got 20/20 vision.'I was joking,' Bucky reassures him, rolling his eyes once his confusion clears up.'Good.' He pauses, tilts his head to one side, then whips his phone out. 'You look like a hipster,' he throws out, a little unsure with the terminology, trying not to cackle when Bucky appears like a shot round the door.'You take that back you preppy littl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
basically au where everyone is happy and almost entirely over their issues pretty much
like yeah this is pretty fluffy
lots of grumbly sleepy bucky and who doesn't want that in their lives
Social Media AU
Twitter AU
aka steve rogers struggles with twitter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

