Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Year One - Tear Down

(Bucky 25, Tony 18)
 
Sometimes, Bucky doesn’t know how he gets himself into these situations…  One Friday night in August he finds himself playing high stakes poker uptown with a bunch of alphas who represent the worst of society.  Sure, their suits probably cost more than Bucky’s car,  each,  but within five minutes he can tell from their comments and the language they use that they’re self-absorbed alpha elitists that the world would probably be better off without.  
 
So if he plays up the good ol’ boy charm, and the “young gun wanting more out of life” aspects a bit in his effort to clean them out, he doesn’t feel bad about it.  He learned the finer points of a good poker bluff at his Dad’s knee, even though his Ma always scolded him for it afterward.
 
“I’ll see your fifty grand,” Bucky agrees, eyeing the chips he has left, “And I’ll raise you an auto repair shop in Brooklyn,” he says.  He doesn’t  want to lose the shop he inherited from his Dad per se, but he can admit to himself that his gambit might be fueled just the tiniest bit by the monotony of what his life has become since his parents died...  
 
“What’s your revenue been like for the last few years?” the alpha in the pinstripe suit asks, slurring his words a bit.  
 
“I pull in around seventy five to a hundred grand a year in profit,” Bucky admits, knowing that’s going to be peanuts to this group.
 
“How many employees?” a different alpha asks.
 
“It’s just me,” Bucky says, giving them a self-deprecating smile.  
 
“Charming.  What’s the tax assessed value of the land?” the alpha to the right of him asks.  
 
Bucky gives him a “thank you” nod and says, “The county keeps telling me it’s worth a half a million…”
 
“Now that’s more like it.  I’ll see your wager.”
 
“I’m out.”
 
“I’m out too.  These cards aren’t worth  that.”  
 
The alpha across the table from him, the one who asked about revenue, eyes him up seriously.  He’s the last one left to decide whether or not to fold.  Bucky holds his gaze easily, not backing down.  “Just for the record,” the alpha says, “I hope you’re not bluffing.  I’ll see your bet...with the ownership of my omega son.”
 
There’s a bit of guffawing around the table, but not for the reason Bucky would protest.  
 
“Regardless of the assumed value, or lack thereof, of the omega itself, his dowry is a half a million dollars,” the alpha says, which quells the grumbling.  
 
Bucky feels a little sick to his stomach, but it’s not from the small amount of alcohol he’s consumed.  If he breaks character now though, it would be disastrous, so he just nods in consensus with the group.
 
When his full house beats out the other’s three of a kind and flush, respectively, Bucky breathes both a sigh of relief and of trepidation…  Well, he supposes he could pull the alpha aside privately and try to make a case for refusing the transfer of ownership…  Maybe he’d buy a spiel about Bucky still being too young to get tied down…  Although, at 25 years old, that excuse holds less weight than it used to.
 
“Well played, sonny,” the alpha to the right of him says, clapping him on the back.  The others start making moves to break up the game now, since dawn is only a few hours away.  The one who bet his son pulls out his wallet.  He fumbles a bit for a card out of it, but finally presents it to Bucky with an almost smug grin.  
 
“Here’s my card.  Swing by tomorrow-” one of the other alphas points out that it’s already tomorrow, but the alpha in the pinstripe suit just waves him off,”-later today and pick him up.  I’ll write you out a check once you’ve  taken possession,” the man says, giving him a look like he assumes Bucky is going to try and get out of it, and won’t hear of it.  Because he’s drunk though, it comes off more condescending than he probably intended.  Or maybe not.  Who knows with these rich types.  
 
“Right…  I’ll see you later, then,” Bucky grimaces internally.  Well, there’s still hope that once the guy sobers up, he’ll regret the wager…
 
That afternoon, Bucky vacillates on what to do even as he’s driving through a ritzy New York suburb.  He wouldn’t necessarily mind having a mate, it would certainly change things up in his life…  He assumes the omega is probably around his own age, since the alpha he won him off of, Howard, was definitely old enough to be Bucky’s father.  
 
If the son is  too young though, that’s a whole different scenario...but Howard probably wouldn’t have called it a “dowry” if he was underage…  Bucky sighs as he spots the right address, the numbers shining gold against the thick columns of the gated property.  There’s a huge golden “S” done up with intricate scroll work on the gate.  
 
“Uh, hello?  Yeah, I’m Bucky Barnes.  Howard told me to come by this afternoon…” Bucky says into the speaker outside, wondering if he might just get turned away entirely and have that be the end of it.  He has no such luck though, and the gate swings open, admitting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
A/B/O
Omegaverse
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Bonding
Dub-Con of the variety implicit with arranged marriages
age difference but no underage
Omegas are owned by alphas
not just implicitly but legally
Mechanic AU where Bucky is the mechanic
no powers au
but Tony is still and will always be a genius
set in brooklyn
many many mentions of child & omega abuse
recovering
proper care and feeding of an omega
Bucky and Tony take in all the poor abused babies
hurt/comfort is a major theme here
but so is domestic fluff
Steve is in the military and mostly absent throughout the fic
the sad part is how little I had to change the character’s backstories
happy motherfucking ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

