Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m an ordinary man, living an ordinary life.”There was a long moment of silence.  “Right,” Darcy said at last.Harris gave her a look.  “That didn’t sound sincere.”“I mean, I managed not to laugh,” Darcy pointed out, picking up a tray from the stack.  “I think I deserve credit for not laughing.”“She does deserve credit for that,” Drew said, his tray braced on one hip.  He took a sip of his soda, his eyes wide over his pursed lips.  “And I deserve credit for not snorting soda out my nose.”“Good job,” Harris said, deadpan, and Drew nodded, taking that as his due.“Thank you,” he said.  “Seriously, though, Harris, you’re a lot of things.  ‘Ordinary’ doesn’t really cover it.”  Mid-sentence, he held the cup of soda out to Shawn, who took a quick sip.    Drew smiled at him.  “You can have more.”Shawn made a face. “I shouldn’t.  Less sugar.  New Year’s Resolution.”  He held up his hands in front of him like a prize fighter ready to square off.  “I can do this.”“Yes.”  Drew gave a slow nod.  “Yes, you can.”Shawn deflated.  “You don’t think I can.”“I am an emotionally supportive boyfriend who loves you and so I encourage you in any and all things you choose to do to come to terms with the hectic and unhealthy world we live in,” Drew said, his voice breezy.  “But darling.  I do know about the five pound bag of Rollos you’ve got shoved in the back of your sock drawer.”“I threw those out,” Shawn said, as Darcy handed him a tray.“No, you didn’t,” Drew said.“No, I didn’t,” Shawn admitted.  “I would’ve disowned you if you had,” Darcy said.  “Waste of chocolate.  We would not have been able to be friends anymore.”  They followed the flow of people into the cafeteria.  She peered into the fridge case.  “Oooh, there’s fruit cup today!.”“Are we being healthy?” Harris asked her, only mildly curious.   He considered the cups of carrot sticks and yogurt parfaits.“We’re being healthy when it involves melon,” Darcy said.  She straightened up, her head tipping towards the prep area behind the serving counter.  “Benito!  My man!  I need a tiny favor, teeny-tiny, not even worth-”Benito was already shaking his head.  “We are dead center of the lunch rush,” he said, his knife a blur as he chopped.  “Let’s cut to the chase.”Darcy set the container of fruit cup delicately on the cafeteria counter.  “I’m gonna need you to de-grape this,” she said.   Benito looked up, his expression disbelieving, and Darcy grinned at him.  “Grapes are nasty.”  She nudged it with one fingertip.  “Nasty.”Benito looked at Harris.  “What?” Harris asked.  Benito gestured at Darcy with his knife.  Harris shrugged.  “Don’t look at me, man, I’m not de-graping her fruit salad either.”“You’re going to end up eating her grapes,” Shawn said.  Harris made a face, and Shawn patted him gently on the back.  “They look okay.  I’m going to hit the salad bar.”“There’s artichoke hearts today,” Benito told him, wiping his hands on a towel.“Thaaaaaank you,” Shawn said.  He looked at Drew.  “Want a salad?”Drew took a long drink from his soda, his eyes narrowed in consideration.  “No,” he said at last.Shawn wrapped his arm around Drew’s shoulders.  “Let me rephrase,” he said, bright and chipper.  “Let’s get salads!”Drew groaned.  Shawn just grinned at him, waiting patiently for him to come to terms with the inevitable.  Finally, Drew nodded.  “Fine.  But I want blue cheese dressing.”Shawn marched him towards the salad bar.  “We can negotiate!”Harris watched them go, trying not to grin.  Darcy, for her part, just leaned her chin on the top of the cafeteria case, looking sadly at the fruit cup.  “Give it up,” Harris told her, poking through the ‘grab and go’ containers of sandwiches.  “That’s quitter talk,” Darcy said.  “Literally.”Benito’s shoulders were shaking, despite maintaining a straight face.  He leaned over, digging through the refrigerator behind the sandwich station.  “Here.” He came back up, holding a cup of fruit salad in one big hand.  There was a piece of masking tape on the top, Darcy’s name hand printed across it.  “I put some aside before we added the grapes.”Darcy took it from him with a gleeful chortle.  “Benito, you are a prince among men, you are a man of kindness and virtue, and your holiday bonus shall be obscene this year.”“You gave me a bottle of rum last year,” Benito said.Darcy pointed at him. “And this year?  TWO bottles of rum.”“I hope you’re looking forward to that.” Harris loaded his tray up with a sandwich and a cup of cut vegetables.  “Kind of am,” Benito admitted.  He pointed at Darcy.  “Get out of my kitchen.”“You loooooooove me,” Darcy said, as agents in combat gear and crisp black suits moved around her.  She didn’t seem to notice.  Harris put a gentle hand in the middle of her back, nudging her towards the line at the register.  “Wait, hey, I didn’t-”Harris dropped a chicken salad sandwich on her tray.  “Yeah, you did.”  As they passed the burger station, he grabbed two cups of fries.  She grinned at him. “What?” Har
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/OC

freeform: 
magic goes poorly
OCs Abound
Stephen Strange should not babysit
Clea absolutely positively should not babysit
Tony and Steve are going to have so many words about this
It's going to be SUCH A DISCUSSION

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/OC

