Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve woke up shivering so hard his teeth hurt. Not for the first time he cursed the fact that he hadn’t died in that plane crash because despite the fact that he’d survived sometimes all Steve could feel was the bone deep ache of cold. It seeped under his skin, left him shuddering even when he cranked the heat up so hot he was sweating - he still couldn’t keep the shivers from wracking his frames. It was worse when he spent too much time alone - despite the fact that sometimes he needed solitude to get his thoughts in order. He knew everyone thought he’d been adjusting really well - knew that he could usually put on a good front and act like he was taking everything in stride. Usually he could - usually it wasn’t just an act - but sometimes he needed to take some time because sometimes things were just a little too weird. Even for him. Which was ironic considering he was the weird one out here - the one in a time he didn’t belong to. The one who couldn’t die. Another full body shiver wracked his frame and Steve pushed himself out of bed, yanking on clothes and grabbing his jacket. It was mid summer and he knew he didn’t really need it - but apparently in the future it was normal to be different and he knew nobody would look twice at him for his extra layer as long as he didn’t do anything to draw extra attention to himself. Sometimes he missed being 90 pounds soaking wet. Nobody had looked twice at him then. There were times when he could really use that. He left his apartment, wandering out into the night and glad that at least there weren’t many people out at this hour. While there were a lot of things he didn’t miss about the 40s, he missed the fact that the city he’d always seen as his wasn’t even somewhere he recognized anymore. None of the neighbourhoods looked the same - none of the shops still existed. Nothing tasted like it had. He knew it wasn’t fair of him to be so judgmental - after all there were a lot of great things about the future - like vaccinations - but at the moment all he could feel was bitter. Another shiver worked through him, and it felt like his bones were so brittle they would break. “You alright, mate? You look like a stiff breeze could knock you over.” the words jolted Steve out of his thoughts and he looked over to see a man looking at him with concern, and not a hint of recognition. “You don’t know who I am.” and he didn’t know why he blurted it out but he was so relieved and also just completely thrown off because most people looked at him and saw a symbol of strength, never his weakness. The words had the man quirking a brow in surprise though his bright green eyes flooded with amusement. Steve’s fingers itched for his pencils. He wondered if he’d ever be able to get that shade right. “Why don’t you come in?” he offered, and even as Steve registered the accent he realized they were in front of a shop - a coffee shop in fact. “I was just about to start up the baking, and I make a mean hot chocolate.” Steve couldn’t help but be immeasurably grateful that this man knew he needed warmth despite the already oppressive humidity. Even as he stepped forward though he hesitated, wary now as he regarded the man. He looked harmless enough - just a bit below average height with wild black hair and those bright green eyes. He was lanky but looked solid enough, with sharp, aristocratic features. The man wasn’t waiting for him though - wasn’t pressuring him to join. He’d already gone inside, leaving the door slightly ajar so Steve would know he was welcome. Considering the fact that the last thing he wanted right now was to be alone, Steve just followed his weird gut feeling and went inside. The man was already behind the counter, coaxing a machine to life, and barely a minute later he was sliding a mug across the counter to Steve, waiving him towards a stool. “Grab a seat. I’ve got to get started. Then perhaps, if you’d like, you can tell me just what had you wandering the streets of New York at 3am.” Steve offered a tired smile, pulling the mug towards him and taking a cautious sip. The warmth slipped through him immediately, chasing away some of the cold, and he slumped in relief. It took another few sips for Steve to register just what the man had said in greeting - another almost embarrassing minute after that for Steve to stiffen and stand so quickly that the stool fell back. The crash didn’t even register though - he was already moving, pushing open the doors to a kitchen with more force than he meant to - but he just couldn’t believe this man had said those words. “I thought I was supposed to meet you before.” Before the serum. Before the crash. Before, well everything, really. The man’s brow just quirked though a wary smile spread across his features from where he’d stood looking lost until Steve had burst in. “And I thought you were some aristocratic, pureblooded, ponce.” Steve blinked at that, having no idea just what the man meant. Noticing his confu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
first words your soulmate will say to you
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Not Epilogue Compliant
Harry Potter owns a shop in New York
Kinda Crack
probably a bit OOC
idc I just want soulmates
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

