Chapter 1: Bad Guys Only
    


Notes:
This chapter contains mentions of violence right at the beginning, and the general content of Bucky's backstory. The violence doesn't happen, except for one tiny bit. I've described it in the end note for those who want to check it out before reading.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“They want what?” Darcy Lewis kicked her feet up onto the beat-up gray metal lab desk, wincing at the shrill tone in her own voice. Jane turned to give her a questioning look. She smiled and mouthed, Family.“His heart,” her mother said. “Just his heart, they don’t care about the rest. Some kind of weird-ass Snow White bullshit, I don’t know.”“Gross,” Darcy said, and popped her gum.“Put it in a cooler, princess, you’ll be fine. And bring back the rest of the body too, would you? I have other bidders.”“Double gross.” Across the lab, Jane frowned and started to fiddle with a dial. Darcy raised her voice. “Janey, no, not that one! Gotta go mom, I love you. Talk to you soon.”“Love you too! Make sure you get it out intact! You might want to bring a mallet for the —” Darcy hung up, wincing. A mallet, god.She went across and helped Jane recalibrate the doohickey to focus on a different energy signature. It wasn’t really hard, just fiddly. Needed a steady hand, not unlike some of Darcy’s other work.“So what’s gross?” Jane said when they were done, wiping oil off her fingers.“What? — Oh. We were just talking about what the niblings want for Christmas,” Darcy said easily. “There’s some kind of weird slime mold experiment that all the kids are doing and they want, like, eight sets.”Jane wrinkled her nose. “Ew. But I mean, it’s cool that it’s science.”“Yeah.” Darcy sighed. “I just hate slimy things.”***There wasn’t really a time when the Tower was empty, per se. Even during the occasional bout of Avenging, there were still significant others and support staff and so forth. Still, a little judicious hacking of the security feeds had shown that 3 a.m. was a pretty quiet time. There was only one person who was reliably up and wandering around.So at 3 a.m., three days after her mom’s call, Darcy strolled down the hall on the 97th floor in her oldest flannel PJs, tapping at her tablet with a stylus. She didn’t look up until a large shadow fell across the screen.“Oh!” she said, faking sudden fear, and then she looked up and didn’t have to fake it.Bucky Barnes was standing in front of her, metal arm gleaming in the blue light from the tablet. His tangled hair cast his face in shadow, except for the gleam of his pale eyes, narrowed and feral. “You shouldn’t be here,” he growled.Darcy swallowed, goosebumps chasing goosebumps up her arms. The guy was big. Like, she’d seen him before and she knew he was tall, but up close in a dark hallway it was something else again. Maybe she should have listened to her mom about that mallet. “S-sorry,” she said. “The elevator stopped and I just —” climbed out the top and rappelled four floors down the shaft “—got off without looking. Sorry, I’ll just …”She backed away, waiting for him to blink. When he did, she whipped the stylus up and blew once, hard.At the same moment, he snapped something in Russian.The next thing Darcy knew, she was hanging upside down in some kind of metal net, six feet off the ground. Bucky was slumped down against the wall a few feet away, boneless as a doll. So at least something had worked as planned.“Huh,” she said, and tried a little struggle. The net moved in exactly no way at all. “What the hell is this thing?”“Narrow-gauge t’t’nium messsh,” Bucky slurred from below her. She’d have jumped, if she could move. “Wha’ th’ hell is this stuff?”“Modified dendrotoxin.” Darcy's glasses were on the floor somewhere -- good thing she didn't actually need them. She squinted at him in the low light and frowned. “You shouldn’t be able to talk.”“Super sold’er,” he said, and she noticed with discomfort that the slur was fading. “Might notta gotten the bran’-name version but ‘m still enhanced.” He made a grunting noise of effort, and his head flopped over onto the other shoulder, so he was looking up at her. “But I can’t hit th’ panic button ’til I can move my hands. So we got some time to chat. Who are you really?”She didn’t bother to answer, because a) how dumb did he think she was, anyway and b) she was thinking back over the last few minutes. He’d been on guard from the second he saw her. But why? He might not have met her, but he knew she lived in the Tower. They’d been in the same room a couple of times and she’d said something dippy to Jane about him being cute. She was pretty sure she’d done the lollipop trick, even. Nobody worried about her after they saw the lollipop trick.Only now that she thought about it, he’d never really relaxed around her. Never talked to her. Never came to the labs with Steve. Stayed on the other side of the room any time she was nearby. And just now … she narrowed her eyes. J
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
assassin!Darcy AU
Canon-Typical Violence
Past Mind Control
Compliant-ish with AoU but not Civil War
Canon don't talk to me about canon
Assassins & Hitmen
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Slow Burn
Enemies to Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

