Chapter 1: I'll Drink from the Toilet if They Want Me To
    




Chapter Text
"I'm truly sorry Parker, but you are an omega." That's all Peter Parker heard before he ran out the doctor's office, leaving his stunned Aunt May to apologize and finish up paper work as he sprinted into the streets. Running in no direction in particular, all he knew was that he needed to get away, perhaps from the inevitable truth that he was no longer the beta he always thought he was, now he was on the bottom of the food chain of society. An omega, on top of being middle class, a nerd, a weakling. Tears trickled down his face as his lungs tried to fuel his body to keep up the pace, all while thinking of when the high school he went to finds out will the bullying be ten times worse than they already were. Peter found a tree in a near by park to sit under as his brain raced through all the pro's an cons of this new development. Unfortunately there were mostly cons, the only pro would be that he will have better senses than those of a beta. He wept into his hands thinking of what his bully alphas will be like when they catch wind of his new stench. God, why wasn't he a beta? And if he always was supposed to be one then why did it wait so long to present? None of his questions had answers, but after a while he knew he needed to get back home, his Aunt May was probably already worried sick, then a knew fear arose. Was she going to be even  more protective now that he was a pathetic omega? His life was over.... **** He had a long talk with his Aunt May. He was informed that his first heat was going to be intense since it took him so long to present, the doctor told her that this type of thing was extremely rare, most people present by thirteen, Peter was already sixteen. The doctor recommended finding an experience beta, or even a close alpha to spend it with and gave her pills to give to Peter after his heat to prevent pregnancy. He also prescribed suppressants to start taking after his heat finished so that he can get on a schedule, also helps prevent unplanned pregnancies. He even recommended her picking up a sent gland collar so that if he were to go into heat unexpectedly he won't have to worry about being forced claimed. "There is no way I am wearing this." He stated flatly, looking at the metal and leather material with disgust in his eyes. His aunt smiled, sympathy written all over her face, "I know this is going to be an adjustment but we need to make sure you are safe." Peter grinded his teeth before tossing the collar onto their dining room table, "Adjustment is an understatement! My whole life has just been turned upside down! How am I going to live like this? As a, as an..Darn it! I don't even want to say it." His eyes burned with more tears as he collapsed back into his seat. "I'm sorry for yelling...I just.." "No honey!" She stood, running to comfort her nephew, "Don't be sorry, this is not your fault." After calming the boy down she returned to her own seat and leaned forward to put his hands in hers, "Listen Peter we don't know when your heat will hit, I suggest, well the doctor suggested that you take some time off from school till after you get through your first heat." That brought Peter into focus, "NO!" He waved off her already prepared protest with his own," I am not going to let this ruin everything I have worked for, I have classes and projects that I need to focus on, I will worry about the, the whatever," I still can't believe this is real,"When it comes." He walked away from her to head towards his room. She rose with him, her worry ever present in her voice, "Peter I don't think you understand your situation, what if you go into heat at school? You don't know what those alphas will do, they are young like you and will not be able to help themselves." Peter stopped, listening to the pain in her voice, "I will be fine, goodnight." He needed sleep, he no longer had the energy to argue anymore. He stripped down and climbed into his bed, covering himself up trying to clear his mind of this day, this horrible day. 
I don't even know when I will go into heat, there is no reason to worry now. I bet they are just over exaggerating it anyway.
 With those final thoughts Peter let himself drift into a deep sleep. ***** Peter went to school the next day, shaking off more of his aunt's protests, he did compromise with taking the collar with him at least and putting it in his back park. She also bathed him in a cloud of suppressant spray. He was near an asthma attack by the time she was finally satisfied, being a beta she really couldn't tell if his scent was changing or not. Peter felt normal other than his own mind panicking, thinking in the back of his mind that any second he could be a whiney, begging mess. Though after a few uneventful classes he started to relax. Those he did notice that he was able to now smell each an every alpha that was sitting near him. He almost thought it was cool, on a scientific level any
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Knotting
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
masterbating
Mildly Dubious Consent
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Wade is 18
peter is 16
Wade hears voices
Dirty Talk
Bad Humor
Dom/sub
Spanking
Rough Sex
Overstimulation
Alternate Universe - High School
aunt may is over portective
Rimming
Peter has a blood kink
Wolverine's real name is James Logan Howlett
Praise Kink
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter admires the FUCK out of Tony Stark
Daddy Kink
Pregnant Sex
Teen Pregnancy
Alpha Tony Stark
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
X-ray Vision
Voyeurism
In a way
Sexting
Phone Sex
Dirty Pictures
Masterbation
Rutting
surprise rut
Wade's voices are intune with his Rut
Face-Fucking
Vomiting
Urination
Borderline Rape
non con
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Deepthroating
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Suicide Attempt
mentioned - Freeform
Mention - Freeform
If You Squint - Freeform
Of suicide
POV Alternating
Arguing
Making Up
Wade is low key childish
Come Swallowing
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Punishment
Teasing
Horny Teenagers
pregnancy hormones
Wet Dream
Sexual Fantasy
public boners
Football

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

