Work Text:
The house is quiet when Steve returns from work that Tuesday afternoon, even though he knows it cannot be empty.Bucky’s car is parked in its usual spot in the garage, as is expected – he only works in the early mornings on weekdays, at the dojo where he teaches mixed martial arts. He’s generally gone and back before Steve’s even showered following his morning run or Tony’s so much as stirred from the bed.But even Tony’s car is parked in the driveway today, which is, in fact, unusual. As far as Steve knows, his husband isn’t supposed to get off from work till 6pm today. It’s strange that he beat Steve home.He looks around the empty living room, then heads to the dining area for a glass of water. A little gurgling sound comes from one of the bedrooms down the corridor. Steve smiles at that, soft and fond, and walks on socked feet towards the vibrantly painted door leading to the generous nursery room, pushing it open. Inside is a crib under a quietly-spinning baby mobile of rockets, stars, and moons. And there lies a bright-eyed baby, barely six months old, making a valiant effort at eating his own toes.Steve walks in and bends over the crib, giving Peter a fond kiss on the cheek, at which Peter gurgles back at him, throwing spit bubbles around the soggy sock-clad feet he’s chewing. Steve laughs in joy at his son – so like Tony with his head of soft brown curls and his warm brown eyes, but with Steve’s pale Irish complexion – and bends down again to blow a raspberry on his stomach. He straightens, looking around for the digital eraser board they’ve hung nearby on one of the walls. It informs him, in Bucky’s messy scrawl, that Peter’s already been fed and changed and is not due to be done with his nap for another hour at least. Steve can see the sleepy pinch at the corner of Peter’s eyes now that he’s looking for it. He pats Peter’s belly for a couple of minutes, rubbing over it gently in a way that he knows soothes Peter, till he sees the wide brown eyes start to droop again. Peter starfishes out, eyes dropping closed as he starts to fall asleep. Steve watches the lovely cherubic face for a few more minutes before heading out in search of his husband and his best friend.He has an idea where they might be and what they might be doing, seeing as they haven’t come to greet him for this long.He walks upstairs, past their lounge area and their individual offices, finally stopping before the door to the master bedroom at the end of the hall. Now that he’s right in front of the door, he can hear them from the other side, voices muffled by the thick oak door, a dull, rhythmic thump punctuating the silences.Steve pushes the door to their bedroom open and stands at the threshold, taking in the view. He isn’t disappointed.Tony’s splayed out on his back across on the bed, naked skin glowing in the dimmed sunlight filtering through the curtains of the large French windows to the side of the bed. His legs are wide open with Bucky kneeling between them, absolutely pounding him into the mattress as Tony groans and moans.“Hey Steve,” Bucky says, turning his head to nod a greeting to Steve without even slowing down, before adjusting his grip on Tony’s legs slightly, gripping the backs of his thighs and pushing them open wider to better take his hard cock.Tony gives a choked off moan, back arching a bit off the bed, his arms coming up to grip Bucky around the neck, pulling him down for a searing kiss. Bucky goes easily, readjusting the angle of Tony’s hips so he can grind into him, slow and deep. Tony’s left hand tangles in Bucky’s long hair, clutching at them, and Steve can see the diamond-studded gold wedding ring he slipped on Tony’s finger a few years ago, glinting in the afternoon sunlight.He moves into the room, closing the door softly behind him, enjoying the view as he removes his tie and unbuttons the cuffs and collar of his shirt. Bucky and Tony part for air, Bucky straightening up again to put more force behind his thrusts, Tony’s whole body jerking with how deep and hard Bucky is taking him.Steve walks over to the bed, kneeling on one knee to kiss Tony hello. Tony moans into his mouth, curses muffled by Steve’s tongue as Bucky speeds up his rhythm, slamming into Tony’s wet and open hole, the slap of his balls hitting Tony’s ass filling the room.“How come you’re home so early?” Steve asks conversationally once he draws back from the kiss, moving his right hand to rove over Tony’s body, toying with his nipples, running teasing fingers over the muscles of his stomach. Tony’s body undulates under his hand, back arching off the bed again, breath coming in panting gasps. His pupils are unfocused and blown wide, and Steve wonders if Tony even heard him.“His meeting with the Board finished early,” Bucky answers Steve’s question, grunting as his hips snap back and forth. “He got the major contract! Thought I’d get the celebrations going and give our genius a little reward.” He punctuates the statement with a partic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Polyamory
Implied Mpreg
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Established Relationship
Domestic Fluff
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

