Work Text:
Tony should've realized there was going to be a problem when he showed up for the meeting and everyone else was already there.  Sure, he was late, but usually, everyone was late.  Steve showed up on time.  Coulson showed up on time.  Usually Natasha showed up on time.  Bruce got distracted and Thor was a little unreliable and Clint was amazingly unreliable.  Which meant that usually he could wander in, fifteen or twenty minutes late, and they'd all be still taking their seats, chatting and having coffee and jockeying for seats.  
Today, everyone was already there.   Already in their seats.  Staring expectantly at the door.
Almost as if they were all waiting for Tony to show up.
“What?” Tony asked.  He heard the defensive note in his voice and considered leaving before this got bad.
“You're late,” Steve said.  He waved a hand at the only open chair.  It was next to him.  “Have a seat.”
“I think I'd prefer to stand,” Tony said, his eyes narrowed.
Steve gave him a look.  “Really?” he asked.
Tony stomped over to the empty chair and dropped into it.  “What?” he repeated.
Steve took a deep breath.  “I think we need to teach DJ to swim,” he said.
Tony gaped at him.  “Okay, wasn't expecting that.  Why?” he asked at last.
Everyone just stared at him.  “What do you mean, 'why?'” Bruce asked.
Tony looked around.  “Why would I possibly do that?” he asked, spreading his hands wide.  
“Well, the general reasoning tends to be so that the child won't drown if and when he is exposed to large bodies of water,” Coulson said, his voice dry.  
“Yes, that being said, we have to force him into the bath tub basically under threat of horrible things that he knows we'll never do so the threats are not particularly effective,” Tony said.  “He's not going to choose to throw himself into water.”
“Someone else may make that choice for him,” Steve pointed out.  
“That's taking worst case scenario to the illogical extreme,” Tony said.
“I'd prefer to plan for the things that we can easily protect him from.”
"Wonderful, how do we think this is going to work?  Seriously, am I enrolling him for lessons at the local Y?  That's hard.  In that he won't leave the damn tower."  Everyone was staring at him with varying expressions of confusion and pity.  Tony spread his hands.  "What?"
"You have a pool," Steve said, very carefully.  "We.  We have a pool.  In this building."
Tony looked at him. "No, we don't."
"You totally fucking have a pool," Clint said.  He braced his chin on one fist.  "How do you not know you have a pool?"
"It's a big building, and I do not have a pool.  I mean, we discussed a pool when we were rebuilding," Tony said.  He frowned.  He did not have a pool.  He was certain of it.  Pepper had nixed that.  "Pepper wouldn't let me have a pool."
"While we all have a great deal of respect and admiration for Ms. Potts," Phil said, "she's often ineffective in stopping you from carrying through with some of your-” He paused, his lips going thin as he considered his words.  “Less practical ideas."
Tony frowned at him.  "Like what?"
"Like buying that hotel in Memphis because you were annoyed at the concierge," Natasha said, her arms folded on the table.
"And then promoting the concierge to hotel manager when the manager yelled at girl at the bar,” Clint added.
“Or flying to Vermont when the local grocery delivery service was out of Coconut Seven Layer Bar Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream,” Bruce said.
“Or drunkenly challenging that Russian tech guy to a cage match,” Coulson said, rubbing his forehead.
“Or the street racing incident in San Paolo,” Thor said.
“Or approving those rather regrettable plush toys,” Steve said, and everyone winced as one.
"AND," Tony said loudly, drowning any further examples out, "letting all of you move in."
"That, too," Bruce agreed, a faint smile on his face.  "Though Pepper seemed okay with that."
"Only you.  Well, and Thor.”
Thor inclined his head.  “She is a most gracious lady.”
“And Steve, everyone likes Steve.  And she already knew Natasha," Tony said, considering.  "And I think she was just grateful when Phil moved in."
"So pretty much just me," Clint said, his grin wide and full of glee.
"No, she likes you, too, no idea why."
"She has a weakness for charming assholes, I'm encouraging her to seek help for that," Natasha said.  “Going back to the main bone of contention-”
“Please, let's do that,” Phil said.
“You have a pool,” Natasha said.
Tony looked at Bruce, who nodded.  “You do.”
“'Tis a very nice pool,” Thor said.  He grinned.  “There is a slide.”
“How have you not noticed us all wandering around in bathing suits and smelling of chlorine?” Clint asked.
“I try not to smell you, Barton, I've known you long enough to know that's a very bad idea.” 
Clint grinned.  “Screw you, Stark, I at least know where your pool is.”
“Barton-”
“No, seriously, you put on this big act, big man, right, big industrialist genius, and you have no idea where your fucking pool is.”
“I'll find it, just to drown you in it.”
“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

