Chapter 1



Notes:
You can come hang in my Tumblr @KantushIm real active over there.Ha, I keep switching back and forth on how to start this thing




Chapter Text
 
  [Location: Unknown]  
 Scents are a liability. The Asset understood this considering how awry the first mission they sent him on unfolded when the targets designation decided to inconveniently present itself right as he made contact. He had stiffened up with the target standing in front of him, unharmed but shaken up. The reason behind his pause- explained vaguely among the doctors and technicians-, the target had something that was impossible for him not to be aware of. Something that smelled better than the bitter artificial scent of the mask, something strong enough to penetrate right through it, and he liked it, but didn't know if he was allowed to.The exposure left him stumped, compromised. And they had almost used this moment of weakness to their advantage if it weren't for the agents who tagged along that day. They were quick to restrain both of them before hauling him back to the rendezvous point where he was brought in for maintenance. It wasn't necessarily a failure, he reported a kill, but he wasn't the one responsible for it. Two of them stayed behind to deal with the target, both betas. The only ones capable of resisting the pull from the targets scent. And Hydra wanted that from him.So they tried to fix him, in the cruelest way they could; eradicate what made him who he was- an Alpha. He spent countless hours, maybe even years enduring efforts to try and suppress his nature. The technicians resorting to a more severe degree of conditioning that tried to eliminate his reaction to simulants that hindered his desired state of use. That method ended in vain when he continued to show signs of alpha, which resulted in a great deal of pain for him.It was a frustrating ordeal with no success. That is until one of them had the clever idea to rework his brain by frying out parts that didn’t just deal with memories. Then they started seeing progress. He could hardly recognize scents anymore or even more respond to them, doesn't look at anyone the same way he used to- as a alpha, beta, or omega. That became the first stage to the process, then came the drugs- unlabeled heat suppressants they created since most were ineffective to a super soldier-, and finally shortening the time he spent out of ice just in case a complication presents itself.Since then, there hasn’t been a slip up, no hesitation, no distraction. He became perfectly numb, just like they wanted.So why is it that he could hardly breathe underneath the mask after the arrival of the team, bringing with them a pungent stench that brought warmth to his chest, and not the good kind. It left him aggravated.He thinks, and takes a few sharp breaths, he was no stranger to the mixed scent of lead and grime the agents carried after every mission. Those he’s managed to familiarize over the years. However, there was something new to them now, mixed with an unknown.He frowns deep in thought before dropping his focus to the ground, a poor attempt to distract himself from the increasingly obnoxious scent of new pheromones that made him want to lash out. But it takes a few seconds of telling himself to calm down for that feeling to subside. He must not act out on it, not when pain was a certain outcome. So, the Asset endured it. He had to, despite how much it felt like breathing in poison.………

The mission was brief and a success.No.Not a success, not with an injury revealing itself a few hours after returning from it. Perhaps this was the reason for his earlier discomfort. He doesn’t recall getting hurt, so he couldn’t trace the injury back to anything. He had already loosened the straps to his outfit, stripped himself of the mouth guard, things that could be the cause for the unexpected feeling, but it seemed to get worse from there.It alarmed him.He assessed his situation.[Being around others intensified the injury. He must isolate himself. Most importantly, seek out a medic. There was no pain yet, only some mild disorientation. Attention is necessary.] He made his way to the medical bay.…….

It..It was hard to describe. An unusual warmth built up his body, burning him. It didn't feel like the kind that enveloped him when they woke him up from the cryogenic chamber. Not the type that welcomed him when he stepped out for a mission either. It was more of a strong ache. One that felt natural, yet he was clueless for the first time on how to deal with it. He didn't know what it meant or why he felt it.....  It was then he felt his legs nearly give out under him. He manages to catch himself from dropping to the floor, his body leaning into a nearby wall for support.

With a shaky breath, he pushes back the stiffness in his knees, forcing himself to continue walking but he soon doubled over at the sudden surge of whatever was burning him hitting hard. It was instantaneous. A rush of blood, pressur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Top Bucky Barnes
Forced Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Beta
Alpha Bucky Barnes
beta reader
Knotting
Rut
Not Beta Read
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
This was unplanned but look how far its gone :')
Fanart

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

