Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The scraping of the heavy metal door woke Peter, and he scrambled to his feet, heart pounding, assuming a compliant position - tall back, shoulders straight, head down. Ready to do whatever’s asked of him, but no eye contact. Never any eye contact. It’s what they’ve been drilling into him from day one. His first lesson, Rule One, remembered by the pain in his left wrist.Peter flinched when he felt something hit his cheek.  A tear , he realized with a start. He scrambled to wipe it off his cheek before his captors came into the cell. It was another one of his earliest lessons - no shows of emotion of any kind. Rule Four. Frankly, he was surprised he had broken the rule. It had been weeks since his last tear. He had grown used to ignoring it - these feelings, these wishes that things were different, these hopes for rescue. After the first few weeks in captivity, he had understood that he was stuck there, and he just had to deal with it.The first time he was thrown into the cell about two months ago, he attempted to break through the walls. After all, his superstrength should’ve at least made a  dent .It didn’t.Every day, he punched the same spot on the wall. Over and over and over, just trying to make a mark, to break through. Over time, those punched turned to light slaps - too weak to even form a fist. To this day, there was still no mark.A sudden bright light illuminated the room from the now open door. Peter flinched under the harsh light, like every morning they did this. (At least, he assumed it was the morning. He hadn’t seen the outside world in weeks, not even through a window. He had forgotten what the sky looked like at this point. Was it a baby blue, or more of a navy?) Peter shut his eyes compliantly, waiting for the sack to be shoved over his head and for rough hands to guide him out of the room.But it never came.Peter stood, in his scratchy pants and rough tank his captors had given him the night before, his feet bare, and tried his hardest not to shiver as he stood there, quietly, waiting. He desperately wanted to open his eyes, to see why his captors were hesitating this time, but his left wrist throbbed, reminding him of the one time he made the mistake of looking his captors in the face. Rule One.A voice startled him so deeply out of his thoughts, he almost jumped before remembering Rule Four.“Peter?” the voice mumbled quietly. Just by that one word, Peter already knew the voice belonged to some kind of authority figure. Someone strong, a leader of… something. Peter wondered why he was even being  spoken to. Usually, there was no communication in his room - only that when he was brought to the secondary location. But he still didn’t break a Rule.“Oh, Pete,” the voice spoke again.  Pete?  What was that? Why were they using a new nickname? He had never heard his captors use it before. Peter tried to decipher a degrading meaning within it, or even in the way the voice  spoke . But as much as he tried, he still couldn’t decipher anything about the voice. Anything besides compassion, because obviously, that wasn’t the situation here. It never was.“Peter, can you look at me?”Peter’s breath hitched in his throat. Oh, so  this was what they were doing. A trick. Trying to get him to break a Rule. Rule One, nonetheless. Peter wasn’t going to fall for it. He wasn’t getting any more pain on his skin. Any more punishments.“Pete, say something.” Rule Four. Peter stood still.A new voice called from behind the first one and Peter’s heartbeat quickened at the urgency in it.“Tony, did you find Peter?” Tony? Why were his captors being so open? Peter hadn’t heard a single name (besides his own nicknames) in the last two months. His captors were never dumb enough to give up a piece of their identities.“Well, yes, but - Steve…” The first voice trailed off as footsteps approached.  Great , Peter thought. A second guard. And with all the waiting Peter has been doing? What were they about to do to him? His breath quickened in wary anticipation.“Peter?” a newer, deeper voice called. Why were they using his name all of a sudden? “Why - why isn’t he responding?”There was a shifting of fabric, and then the first voice again. “I’m not sure. He’s just been…  standing there since I opened the door. Hasn’t moved a muscle.” A sigh. The words that followed were a whisper. “Steve, what’ve they done to our kid?”Peter’s breath hitched in his throat.  Our kid.  Our…  kid ?Steve.Tony.All at once, it hit him.
 Oh, my gosh. 

 My dads. 

 They came back! 
 They… came back ?A flair of hope flickered in his chest. But it was extinguished by the thought that came next.
 Why… why didn’t they come sooner? 
The thought that followed next startled even Peter.Open your eyes.See if it’s real.Defy a Rule.Peter’s heart began to race. Well, it was either face punishment, or risk missing your dads. Peter made a choice.With a steadying breath, Peter slowly cracked open his eyes.The light startled him again, but that wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
IronDad and SpiderSon
Stony - Freeform
Angst
Recovery
peter parker recovery
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Superfamily (Marvel)
Captain America - Freeform
Iron Man - Freeform
spiderman - Freeform
falcon - Freeform
iron patriot - Freeform
war machine
James Barnes - Freeform
Winter Soldier - Freeform
White Wolf - Freeform
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Angst
Peter Parker Whump
Hydra (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Psychological Torture
Whump
Comfort
Scarlet Witch - Freeform
Spider-Man - Freeform
Black Widow - Freeform
Hulk - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

