Work Text:

1. 
“I don’t like this,” Steve mutters to him, as he shifts awkwardly on his feet in the lounge of Tony Stark’s absurdly large Malibu mansion.Bucky sighs and resists the urge to roll his eyes. This isn’t the first time (and it certainly won’t be the last) that Steve has expressed that particular sentiment, and while Bucky also recognises the futility and drawbacks to this particular job, it’s a job, it’s their job, and it puts money in their bank account, which is something that Bucky won’t turn his back on.“I just don’t understand why someone like Tony Stark needs a bodyguard,” Steve complains, quietly. “Some spoilt little rich boy, so full of himself that he thinks the whole world is out to get him?”“Shut up, or you’re going to get us fired,” Bucky hisses.Steve shakes his head. “All I’m saying is that I don’t want to have to spend the foreseeable future looking after some dolled-up, greedy prep school reject.”“Yeah,” Bucky rolls his eyes. “You’ve made that pretty clear. Now, let it go, Stevie, or find us another gig that pays us this well.”“Fine,” Steve mutters. “I just want the record to reflect that I’m not fuckin’ happy about this.”Bucky slumps forward. This is going to be a long gig.A harried Miss Potts, Mr Stark’s PA, climbs up the staircase, strands of strawberry-blonde hair falling out of the neat little bun at the nape of her neck.“Mr Stark will be right up,” she reassures, pulling herself into some semblance of order.Bucky looks her over. Poor thing, he can’t help but think.With everything he’s heard of Tony Stark and his particular brand of rich people crazy, he can imagine that being his PA is no easy feat.Steve smiles, all nice-guy charm. “That’s alright, Miss Potts. We’re in no hurry here.”Bucky knows that Steve’s seething on the inside.Five minutes pass and Tony Stark is still a no-show.Bucky’s beginning to think that maybe Steve was right about this gig; it’s on the tip of his tongue to fake an emergency with his prosthetic and get the hell out of dodge.Miss Pott’s face soon contorts with an expression of annoyance and she blows out a sigh of frustration.“I am so sorry about this,” she says, wearily. “But, to be honest, if you’re going to be Mr Stark’s bodyguards, you’ll probably have to get used to this. Frankly, it’s good that there’s two of you.” She jokes, weakly.Bucky doesn’t need to turn to know that Steve’s smile, if he’s even smiling, is tight, as if he’s biting back a thousand different unfriendly things that he could say about their new boss.Finally, Miss Potts apparently gets fed up with Mr Stark’s absence, so she throws her hands up in the air, muttering something under her breath, and stalks her way down the staircase into what Bucky assumes is Mr Stark’s lair.“Dear God in Heaven, Pepper,” he hears Mr Stark say, dramatically. “Stop hounding me! I’ll come up when I damn well want to come up.”Bucky can practically feel Steve bristling beside him.“She’s only doin’ her job,” Steve growls. “Why’s he talkin’ t’her like that?”“Let it go,” Bucky hisses.Miss Potts, once again, emerges from the staircase, her face visibly flushed, but vibrating with triumph, joined by a young man, in his mid-to-late twenties, if Bucky’s guess is anything to go by, stumbles up after her.“Now that we’re all here,” Miss Potts says, sternly, shooting the young man a pointed look. “Let’s dispense with the introductions, shall we?”The young man rolls his eyes and runs his hands through soft, fluffy hair, his eyes zeroing in on him and Steve with dizzying focus, his whiskey-brown eyes like sharp pinpricks.Miss Potts stares at the young man for a moment, clearly hoping for something before giving him an exasperated look when she doesn’t get what she wants from him.“Fine,” she grits out. “I’ll do it myself.”The young man has the nerve to grin at her.“Captain Rogers, Sergeant Barnes, I’d like to introduce you to Tony Stark, CEO of Stark Industries, Head of Research and Development, Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the bane of my existence.”
No fucking way.
This mouthy little half-pint, in his grease-streaked band shirt, sneakers and jeans, hair a complete mess, with the beginnings of a goatee growing on his face, can’t be Tony fucking Stark.“Wow, Pep, you always say such sweet things to me,” Mr Stark says, dryly.“You’re Tony Stark?” Steve blurts out the exact same thing Bucky was thinking, but had enough tact not to say out loud.Bucky resist the urge to face-palm.Miss Potts snorts, her lips twitching.Bucky stares at Mr Stark, uneasily; he looks like a worn-out indie kid in that getup, but he’s still their boss, and Steve’s mouth has a tendency to get them in trouble, ever since they were kids and Steve didn’t have the body fat to put his money where his giant fucking mouth was.But all Mr Stark does is raise an eyebrow and throw out his arms. “Sorry to disappoint,” he drawls.Steve flushes red, all the way down to his neck.“Now, let’s just get some formalities sorted out, and then I really need to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Bodyguard Steve Rogers
Bodyguard Bucky Barnes
5 times + 1
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Bottom Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark is Not What He Seems
Date Rape Drug/Roofies
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Self-Esteem Issues
Obadiah Stane is a Dick
Past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
Tony Stark is a Good CEO
V Polyamory
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
POV Steve Rogers
POV Tony Stark
POV Bucky Barnes
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Violence
Potential Personality Disorder
Emotional and Psychological Manipulation
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

