Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony taps his fingers on the steering wheel impatiently; he's been waiting for his nephew for more than ten minutes now. He promised his sister he would pick him up since, apparently, she didn't have time to drop him off at the penthouse before going to the airport.He's still not sure how she managed to convince him to watch over Peter for a whole month. Then again, he knows that the divorce had been hard on her and he couldn't deny her when she told him that she's going on vacation with her new boyfriend. Tony had immediately offered to pay - because, well, he is Tony and that's kind of his thing -, but he hadn't considered that this wasn't the favor his sister had been wanting to ask him. So, here he is, being a good brother and a good uncle, waiting for Peter to come. He hasn't even seen Peter since the divorce, three years ago. He's probably fourteen, maybe fifteen now. If he's honest, Tony isn't sure what to expect and he isn't really looking forward to having a teenage boy over his house for a whole month.But like he said, he's being a good brother and a good uncle. He sees a boy approaching, looking less like a kid than he did a few years ago, but still not having changed much, considering that Tony recognizes him immediately. He gets out of the car to help Peter with his suitcase, offering him a small smile as he greets him."I hope you didn't have to wait for too long, uncle Tony," he says apologetically while Tony busies himself with putting his suitcase in the trunk."It's okay, kid. And call me Tony, please," he says and Peter nods. “Uncle” sounds kind of strange to his ears. It's not like he's been much of an uncle to Peter over the last years, anyway.The ride back at the penthouse is mostly silent, not completely uncomfortable but definitely a bit awkward. Peter answers politely to any questions Tony manages to think and ask him, not sure what uncles are supposed to talk about with their teenage nephews. He steals a few curious glances at Peter while waiting for the light to turn green, noticing how he has changed and somehow has remained the same kid he was a few years ago. His big brown eyes are focused on the road before them, his lips red from constantly biting them nervously, his cheeks smooth and still a bit plump from baby fat. He looks delicate, like something that needs protection and it wakes something inside Tony that he didn't even know it was there. Soon - sooner than he liked - he has to avert his gaze and focus on driving, somehow both relieved and disappointed that they're almost there.**He shows Peter to his room, noticing that he at least seems a bit excited about that; his sister told him that he didn't need to do any changes but Tony has never been known for being good at following orders, so he equipped the room with everything a teenage boy might need. He really hopes Peter likes video games. Peter thanks him, sounding sincerely grateful and offering him a sweet smile that has Tony's insides practically melting at the sight of it. After explaining to Peter everything necessary, telling him to make himself at home and that he'll be either in the lab or in his office in case Peter needs him, he lets the kid be. If he's honest he has no idea what he's supposed to do with a teenager. He is used to living alone, without having to take care of anyone and he has to admit that this feels kind of weird. Even though Peter is hardly a little kid anymore. He remembers how his sister used to bring Peter over some nights - before the divorce happened - when things were tense at home. He remembers Peter being even smaller than he is now and only wanting to watch cartoons and curl up in the couch, preferably in Tony's arms. It was sweet, really. Tony should have kept in touch with him instead of distancing himself and finding excuses that he's too busy to visit, just because he's an asshole that can only care about himself. He guesses he can at least try his best, this time.**They don't interact much the rest of the day or the next one. Tony is mostly in the lab and Peter is in his room - Tony hopes that this means that he likes it there and not that he doesn't know what else to do. Apparently he has a meeting - as Pepper informs him - in the morning of the second day but he tells Peter he'll be back early enough so they can have lunch together. Peter seems to appreciate it, even though he only shrugs and smiles at him, agreeing with a simple 'okay'. During said lunch, Tony is starting to accept that they're going to spend the rest of the month in silence until he discovers Peter's love for engineering and science. The kid's knowledge and passion are more than impressive, Tony has to admit, seeming capable to engage in conversation with him and keep up with what Tony's saying, something that Tony can't say for most of the people he happens to interact with. The kid is truly brilliant. Which, also, means that Peter accepts excitedly his invitation to join him in t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Uncle/Nephew Incest
Age Difference
Fluff
Smut
Sharing a Bed
Cuddling & Snuggling
Masturbation
Precious Peter Parker
Daddy Issues
Abandonment Issues
Nightmares
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Light Angst
Some crying
Frottage
Daddy Kink
Hand Jobs
Intercrural Sex
Bathing/Washing
a bit of praise kink
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
First Time
Virgin Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

