Chapter 1: Only Once
    




Chapter Text
 
December 1984
 Being a fourteen-year-old (nearly a fifteen-year-old) senior in high school meant Tony didn’t get invited to a lot of parties. Well, not high school parties, anyway. High school kids were either terrified of him, or made fun of him, and so that meant having a good time around him wasn’t exactly on the list. But he supposed MIT must have been different with their standards. Everyone there was trying to make a name for themselves and the Stark name was respected enough, so it didn’t have the same air as being in high school. College parties were a whole new thing to him, but since he would be graduating high school soon and then starting at MIT in the following months, it only made sense to acquaint himself with the new life that awaited him. A life, he expected, that would offer much more freedom than the one living with his mother and father in their penthouse. It was a long-awaited escape. It wasn’t that it was his mother’s fault, because it never would be. He could never blame her for the turbulence his life was, but he did wish she would intervene more often than she did. Howard Stark was a cold, calculating individual that often made it difficult to even breathe comfortably in the same room as him because Tony half expected the man to start quizzing him on nuclear physics or the interworkings of Stark Industries. The way he would quiz him at the dinner table when he was younger, and it would irritate his mother when Howard would scold him for getting some questions wrong. 
“He’s eleven-years-old, Howard.”

 

“He needs to know these things, the sooner he learns them the easier it’ll be for him in the future.”

 
Future, future, future, it was always about the future and what Tony was going to do with it. While his classmates were enjoying weekend parties and going out, Tony got to sit in his room and study most nights. But they had been a bit more lenient with him, since his early graduation approaching in late December. A whole semester before expected…well several years early, but the extra semester had been a surprise. Tony hadn’t realized he was that far ahead, it wasn’t guessed to come until later. Tony tried not to be nervous for the party. He was relatively charismatic on his own, Howard Stark had taught him to lie through his teeth, but that was for the older generation. People his age, even if they were about three years older, still frightened him. They made him anxious, Tony wasn’t good at fitting in, despite Rhodes insisting everything was going to be fine and that he had friends at this party that Tony would be able to mingle with. Mingle. What an old word. Tony felt like Rhodes was ages older, not just eighteen. He was extremely grateful for his friend though. It would make the transition into MIT much easier, hopefully Tony wouldn’t completely lose his mind. He knew the moment Howard allowed him any slack on his tight leash, he was going to run with it, but Rhodey would help. He’d slow it down a bit, and Tony had been reading about people flunking out their first semesters and Tony was kind of scared about that, but he didn’t let it get to him too much. He held it back, swallowed down the fear, and he just went along with the anxiety in his brain…Following along as they entered the giant house, owned by someone Rhodey didn’t really know, but apparently college parties weren’t like high school parties. You didn’t have to know the person to be let in. People were dancing and the first thing Tony noticed was the thick smell of cigarettes in the air. For some reason, when he had imagined MIT students, he had thought they would be living with their noses in books constantly. But these people weren’t, they just seemed like normal young adults and a part of Tony longed to fit in with them…to be their age…to not be so young and scrawny and sort of short for his age. Rhodey was a whole head above him and he looked over, smiling slightly at Tony. “What do ya think?” Rhodey questioned, raising his voice a bit to be heard over the music. Tony pursed his lips, “Just what I imagined. People rubbing their dicks on girls’ backsides.” Rhodey rolled his eyes, but moved away and Tony followed through the crowded rooms. They entered the kitchen, which wasn’t nearly as dense and Rhodey grabbed a solo cup, handing it over to Tony. He only hesitated slightly and Tony raised an eyebrow before Rhodey sighed and explained, “Last time I let you drink around me, I ended up carrying you home.” “Aw, c’mon Rhodes, I’ll be careful.” “There is no ‘careful’ with you and drinking.” Tony snatched the solo cup and chugged down the bitter liquid. He fought the urge to make a face. Part of why Tony drank, was to relax. He lived his life on a high bar, higher and higher as Howard dug his nails in deeper. Tony struggled, and it was difficult to keep his head in the right place. He wasn’t sure if that was how it was for everyone. A part of him hoped he wasn’t some freak w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Teen Father
Teen Tony Stark
Alternate Universe
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Young Peter Parker
basically a fetus right now
set in the 80s
Crack Taken Seriously

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

