Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Penny clenched her hands tightly together and breathed deeply in and out through her nose slowly, trying to calm her racing heart. Currently, she was curled up into a ball in the corner of the lab, trying her best not to touch herself. Earlier that evening, both her and Dr Banner had been working on trying to analyse a strange powder they had found at one of the hydra labs during the Avengers search for the sceptre when there had been a loud explosion from one of the levels below them.Bruce had left to investigate while Penny had focused on putting away the samples, intent on following after. She had been carrying the last specimen container when there had come another more powerful explosion that had knocked her off balance, causing her to accidentally drop the container, the powder flying everywhere. Penny had just enough time to lock down the lab before the power went out, trapping her inside the lab, still breathing in the powder.She had done her best to clean up the spill and scrub down her body from the sink in the lab, but as a feeling of warmth began to diffuse throughout her body, it seemed it was too late. Instead of putting back on her possibly contaminated clothes, she had taken Tony’s rarely used lab coat and put that on instead, throwing her clothes into a large sealable plastic bag.Soon the tingling warmth became a raging inferno that had her sweating heavily and panting for more air. Slick had begun dripping down her thighs causing her to clench them together, desperate for some friction. For something to fill the aching emptiness inside her. It felt like she had been flung into a bad heat, only Penny had been on suppressants since the age of 15 when she first became Spiderwoman. The only people who knew she was an omega were May, Ned and MJ. She had told no-one else not wanting to take the risk they would make her give up being Spiderwoman as there were only beta and alpha superheroes. Omega rights had only progressed so far at the moment.Suddenly the lights came back on and she could hear someone walking down the corridor towards the lab. Lifting her head up, Penny waited for whoever it was to come into view, trying to prepare herself to fight if she needed too. Soon the Black Widow appeared, weapons at the ready.“Penny, what’s your situation?” she called her eyes sweeping over the lab.Penny opened her mouth to reply but all that came out was the high pitch whine of an omega in distress, which then turned into whimpers.The only indication that Natasha was surprised was the slight widening of her eyes, before she holstered one weapon, and headed towards the door to open it.“STOP!” Penny cried out just as Natasha’s hand closed over the handle. The older woman froze and looked at her in questioningly.“Hn…bio hazard spill...,” Penny gritted out, “…. I’m contaminated.”Natasha let go of the handle of the door and took a step back.“Jarvis, tell Bruce and Tony that we have a situation,” she said calmly, “let them know what has occurred and they need to get up here now.”“The other Avengers have already been informed and are on their way to the lab at this moment,” Jarvis responded.Unable to prevent it, Penny let out another whine of distress at the thought of the others seeing her like this. Natasha stilled upon hearing the whine, her eyes flashing alpha red for a split second. When an alpha heard the whine of an omega in distress, it caused strong protective feelings within them, telling them to protect the omega at all costs. For Natasha to have resisted its pull twice showed the strength of self-control she had over herself.“Penny, tell me how you are feeling right now. What is going on?” Natasha soothed putting away her other weapon.Penny threw her head back against the wall and swallowed heavily as she tried to summon the words to come to her.“Heat, really bad heat.” she groaned, clenching her thighs together and rocking her hips back and forth slightly, the need to move overwhelming, “on suppressants…. shouldn’t be…happening.”The sound of multiple heavy footsteps running down the wall filtered into the lab, and soon Bruce, Tony, and Steve appeared at the lab window.“Clint and Bucky are handling the intruders,” Steve said walking over to Natasha, “Jarvis told us a little about what’s going on but didn’t get time to finish everything.”“Whatever powder we found at that lab at the last Hydra raid,” Natasha responded, “it has thrown Penny into a heat.”“What?” Steve boggled before spinning around and looking at the huddled woman in the lab on clothed in his lab coat, “how? Penny’s a beta?”“Apparently not. She whined in distress twice before you got here. She also just told me she was on suppressants so this shouldn’t be happening.” Natasha responded to the shocked man.“Ah shit,” Tony swore wiping his hand over his face, “ok, Bruce, how do we run this?”“Penny and I had only just started examining the samples, we hadn’t even entered anything into the computer,” Bruce said s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Genderbending
Female Peter Parker
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Breeding
Aged-Up Character(s)
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Sex Pollen
Not Underage
Knotting
Dubious Consent
Rough Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

