Work Text:
Clint had always known that the name on his arm belonged to his soulmate. He knew that they were 6 years younger than him, because the name had appeared on his arm when he was 6 and that’s how soulmates worked. No matter how stupid his brother told him he was, he knew that. He glanced down at the name curled along his bicep, right above the crease of his elbow. Despite all the scars he’d managed to collect over the years, none had ever so much as touched his name. He knew it wasn’t part of whatever gave people their soulmates - he’d seen people with the mark cut into and broken. He’d seen people where the name had actually bee removed from their body as a sign of torture. Usually, the names would reappear after a time - but not always. However, despite his career as a criminal and then as a government agent, no matter how many people had tried, nobody had ever been able to even so much as touch the name transcribed on his arm. 
Harry James Potter
 He’d had a lot of stress thanks to that name. Not to mention the time when he’d been 23, which would’ve made Harry 17, and the name had burned and almost faded out - like a scar. Despite the fact that it had flared back into colour only seconds later Clint still knew what it meant; knew his soulmate had died. He’d vowed then that he’d find the other man before it could happen again. Before the other could go and die on him again.  Easier said than done.  Now at 30, Clint could honestly say he had no idea how to even find the man who’s name was on his arm. He’d used all of the tools at his disposal. SHIELD databases, though discretely of course; he’d had Tony search the world as well, knowing the genius would have a wider reach; Natasha had also been brought in, using her own web of connections to try and draw something out. Nothing. Or well, nearly nothing. The only records they’d found that could have been his Harry were from over a decade ago in a small neighbourhood in Surrey and only kept track of him until he was 10 years old before he seemed to disappear off the face of the earth. Having disappeared himself at an even younger age, the possibilities didn’t make Clint feel any better about the situation. His only hope now was that maybe whoever this Harry was would look for him; Tony had made sure to put out a few feelers so that if anyone started looking for him it would flag. Nothing useful yet.  “Hawkeye, do you have eyes?”“Nothing, Cap. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say this was a trap.”“Widow?”“The intel they were after. It’s a man.” Natasha’s voice came through, barely a whisper, and Clint grit his teeth. She was already inside, had gone ahead with Barnes to infiltrate, and Clint wished he was with her because he knew how she felt about human experimentation - how they both felt. They may not have been soulmates, but Clint knew they were almost as good as. She was already his life partner in almost all the ways that counted. “Roger, that. Stark?”“So whatever they’ve got protecting their base, it’s not electric. I don’t know what’s powering those barriers, but I can’t find a power source.” “Want us to light it up?” Clint asked, heard Tony whoop in anticipation. But he knew Rogers was also very much against people being experimented on against their will; case in point, the Winter Soldier currently skulking through the base with Nat. “Hit it with everything you’ve got. Widow, Barnes. See if you can get to their prisoner. Let’s see if we can’t get him home.” “Roger that.” and there was bloodlust in Bucky’s voice. Clint didn’t waste anytime, loosing an explosive arrow. They’d been sent in after AIM because rumour had it they’d gained some new intel in the energy world which had of course offended Tony. He’d doubted it of course; not because he didn’t think it was possible but because if there had been any advancement like that Tony would’ve heard of it. He was hard pressed not to believe they at least had something though when his arrow actually seemed to stick in an invisible barrier before exploding. He watched in awe as the barrier seemed to burn away like paper from the spot, slowly coming down.“Did you see that?” Tony demanded, Iron man suit already racing into the opening, repulsers leading the way as guards started pouring out of the building. Clint started picking them off, keeping them off Tony as he began tearing into the building. Nothing pointed to being the source of the barrier though. “Clint. You need to come in here.” There was an urgency in Natasha’s voice that had him moving before he could even think twice and he traded for his gun as he made his way into the building, following Tony’s destructive path. “Widow, report.” Came Cap’s voice, and he was grateful, because he didn’t think he could ask at the moment. His chest was tight with the sort of anxiety he’d felt very few times in his life, and as unfortunate as it was, he’d been on hundreds of missions like this one. He couldn’t figure out why this one was making him feel so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
soulmates name written on your arm
AIM - Freeform
Magic Reveal
crack adjacent
the avengers save a kidnapped harry
the Potter Luck strikes again
Harry Potter is kidnapped too often
Post-Avengers (2012)
Not canon compliant obviously
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Not Epilogue Compliant
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter

