Chapter 1





Chapter Text
You heard the sound of it, cracking like a whip through the busy intersection, but you didn’t feel it; suddenly you found yourself on the pavement, in the middle of the crosswalk, with the echoes of car horns and someone screaming before it all faded to nothing.
When you opened your eyes again, you felt too good for it to be a hospital bed; the mattress was huge, comfortable and warm; when you saw him sleeping beside you, you knew it had to be a dream.
You smiled. “They must’ve given me the good drugs,” you mumbled sleepily, and he snuffled in his sleep at the sound, cuddling closer to burrow his head against your chest. Figuring you may as well enjoy the drug-fueled haze, you dropped a kiss stop his head and closed your eyes, smiling again when you heard him mutter “Love you, baby”.
 
Waking again to morning light, you frowned. He was gone, the bed empty beside you, though the blankets were rumpled, and you were still in the large bed of what you thought was your hospital hallucination. You shuffled out of bed and winced, glancing down at the white t-shirt you were wearing -- too long at the hem and too wide at the shoulders to be yours -- and pair of simple blue cotton panties that were much more your style. Lifting the shirt, you found a wide gauze bandage on your abdomen; there was no bleed-through, but when you touched it gently with your fingertips it made you hiss in pain.
So that recollection had been correct: you’d been shot. You were in the crosswalk outside your work building, going towards the parking garage across the street, and you’d been shot. Clearly, it wasn’t as bad as you had feared when you were laying there, growing cold and frightened as the light seemed to be fading. You were glad you were up and mobile, but now you were terribly confused; you didn’t seem to be in hospital at all. 
You walked barefoot to the door, stepping into a living area brightly lit from the floor to ceiling windows looking out over the city. The skyline and surroundings were immediately recognizable: New York City lay spread out before you in all of its glory. That was when your knees buckled and you reached to grab arm of a nearby sofa to keep from falling to the ground. The sun in the sky looked to be at mid-morning, which meant that you’d arrived in a nice apartment in a New York skyrise after being shot in a crosswalk outside of your laboratory building… in San Diego.
“Hey, take it easy there sweetheart,” he called, and in a moment he was at your side, steadying you as you took great gulping breaths of air, trying to regain control of yourself.
It had to be a dream. It had to. But it felt so real: the sun on your face through the window, his strong arms around you, steadying you on your feet. The concern in his voice and etched on his face, even as he gave you the smallest reassuring smile.
Worse still, you recognized him. It would be hard not to -- his face had been all over the media world for the past decade. Posters, social media, internet video clips, late show appearances… he’d become iconic. By all rights you should have recognized him as the actor -- you weren’t crazy, you knew fictional characters weren’t real -- but looking at him, you could see the difference. There were stories in his eyes, the pai he had suffered, all he had been through; there was a confidence to his gait, the knowledge of strength beyond what even his new body should have offered. Clean shaven, hair a few shades lighter.
No, this was no actor. This was Steve Rogers. 
“Steve?” you asked, voice trembling, a few octaves higher than it should have been.
“What is it, sweetheart? Are you okay? Do we need to go to the med floor?” he asked, arms tightening around you as his brow furrowed in concern and he said your name. “Just tell me what you need.”
“I’m… I’m okay…” you managed to mumble, just before you fainted dead away in his arms.
 
You surfaced back to consciousness with an inward sigh of relief. You didn’t open your eyes immediately, but the sounds the scents of a hospital were all around you, from the steady beeping of a heart monitor to the lingering of antiseptic in their air. You shuffled a little in the gurney, pulling the thin blanket up a little to fend off the chill of an air conditioner.
“... wound isn’t bleeding and her vitals are stable,” a steady male voice sounded quietly nearby. “It’s most likely just some lingering stress. I wouldn’t worry.”
“How can you be sure?” another responded. “What if there’s some internal bleeding, or--”
“You heard what Dr. Cho said,” another broke in, sounding terribly familiar. “They checked her over good, ain’t nothing to worry about.”
“‘Course I’m gonna worry, Buck,” the second voice replied. “Scared the hell out of me. Thought I lost her, you know. I can’t… not again. I can’t lose anyone, especially not…”
“We know,” the steady voice broke in. “You don’t have to explain it, Steve. We’ve all seen more than enough loss, you’ve got every right to be concerned 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Bruce Banner/Helen Cho
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Mind fuckery
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Starting Over
mild violence
Scientific jargon
Bad Science
Altered Mental States
Altered Reality
Discussions of Psychosis
Possible Insanity
Drunkenness
Vague Discussions of Kinks
Discussions of Babies
mild exhibitionism
mild bondage
Alcohol
Drinking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Bruce Banner/Helen Cho
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

