Work Text:
Today, everyone was in the tower. This was one of their rare days off (even if Tony got more than the rest of them because of obvious commitments), and they were all clustered in the living room for a movie night. Peter had been especially boisterous all day, and it didn't look like the five-year-old was calming down anytime soon. Tony was almost one hundred percent sure that Clint was secretly giving the kid sugar when he wasn't looking."Daddy!" Peter screeched right in his ear, making Tony almost fall off of the couch. He had been dozing on his hand, exhausted from the week, only to jump awake when his son yelled and jumped on the couch to get his attention."Jesus Christ, Pete, you're going to give me a heart attack one day." Tony grumbled, Peter lounging all over him with a big grin on his face. "Don't look at me like that. Go on, annoy someone else that's not Daddy. Don't jump on the couch."Peter shot off like a rocket, bounding off the couch and making Tony wince when he tumbled onto the floor like a sack of potatoes. He got right back up, not even fazed like he would have been if he was two-years-old, speeding right over to Steve and gripped onto his leg with tiny hands. Tony had too many memories of Peter face-planting into the crib's bars when he was two, and he had begun to wonder where his son's sensitiveness had gone in the three years after. "Uncle Steve!"Steve's eyes widened only slightly, Tony knowing that he had been in a previous conversation with Bruce. Tony had to bite his tongue from telling Peter off. "What's up?""When are we watching the movie?" Peter almost whined, stretching out the last word as he leant dramatically against Steve's leg and arched his back. "I'm boooored!""We're waiting for Clint to get the food, and for Thor to get here. It's rude to start without them." Steve replied, petting Peter's hair as if he were a dog. "When did you get so impatient? Come on, just sit down, bud. They won't take long.""No!" Peter snapped, swatting Steve's hand away and took off, Tony hiding his smile behind his hand when Steve rolled his eyes. Tony followed Peter with his eyes, getting ready to roll his own when Peter strolled right over to him and crossed his arms over his chest. He went to open his mouth, but Tony cut him off before the kid could even utter a word."Don't come complain to me, short stuff." Tony sniggered when Peter scowled, kicking the couch. "Hey, don't kick the couch.""I'm bored!" Peter snapped a second time, climbing up onto the couch and stood there, both hands on Tony's shoulder. "Can't we start the movie now?""No, because Clint and Thor aren't here." Tony replied, knowing that he himself didn't give two shits if they were here or not. He would have started the movie already. But he guessed it was good to teach his kid good manners, right? "Would you like it if your friends started the movie without you?""No." Peter mumbled, finally sitting down and crossed his arms over his chest with an impatient huff. It was silent after that, and it wasn't long before they heard Thor's booming voice from the kitchen, presumably talking to Clint. Peter's head perked up at that, a big toothy grin spreading over his face as he once again stood up on the couch, looking over the back of it and at the entrance to the kitchen.They all could have breathed a sigh of relief when Thor and Clint both walked into the room at the same time, Peter's high pitched squeal making Tony jump once again. Tony watched his son, watching the kid's eyes follow Thor's hammer right until it was dumped onto the table, as if it was meant to be there. Peter had never seen it in person before, and somehow, Tony knew not many people would be getting to watch a movie tonight.Peter was off of the couch like he was never there in the first place, right over to Thor who had just sat down. "Uncle Thor! Uncle Thor!"Thor's eyes absolutely lit up when Peter called him, his entire face lighting up when the kid scrambled up into his lap. Tony facepalmed, sighing into his hand as his kid began to ramble without any manners, most likely about the hammer. Thor didn't seem to mind and let them be, nodding for JARVIS to start the movie. It was some child's movie, hence the child in the room, that Tony had no interest in watching. But it was a chance to relax after a busy week of both working and parenting.They got about ten minutes into the movie before Peter was up and moving, staring right at Thor's hammer on the table. Tony's concentration went off of the TV to his son completely, watching with an amused smile as Peter stared at the object, as if they were getting ready to fight. Tony wasn't sure if he liked the look of determination on his son's face, though.Within seconds, Peter was speeding over to him and grabbing Tony's knees with his hands. "Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!""Oi, stop yelling." Tony snapped half-heartedly, lightly swatting Peter on the forehead. "What do you want, squirt?""Uncle Thor says that- that if I am 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Cute Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Mjolnir - Freeform
Thor's Hammer - Freeform
Peter Stark - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Parent-Child Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Fluff and Crack
Humor
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Tony Stark
Cute Kids
Children
A Broken TV
Avengers Family
Avengers Movie Night

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

