Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

Maybe that’s why he agreed to work with Tony on Ultron, he mused, tapping away at the lines of the code in front of him. Maybe he wanted to work on these crazy projects because he himself was concerned about the same things as his friend was, albeit not as strongly. Regardless, Tony was putting his hope into these creations, and into Bruce for allowing him to work on them with him, and he wasn’t about to let his friend down. Not when many lives could be at stake. Pausing in his work to take a small sip of tea from his cup, Bruce let out a heavy breath, his eyes meeting the softly glowing yellow stone resting on the table in front of them.

He just really hoped this would work.



Notes:
GuYSI'm so excited to start this, like y'all have no iDEAI've had this idea sitting in my head for months now, and I wanted to commit to it, but so much was going on with school work and shit that I didn't have the time, but I'M HERE NOWHope y'all are ready for this because this is going to be one hell of a ride

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Hey Bruce?”


The scientist briefly peered up from the code layed out in front of him, humming softly in response. Tony paused in his work and stared blankly in front of him, softly gnawing at his lip as thoughts whirled about in his mind. Noticing the lack of response, Bruce turned to look at his friend, eyebrows furrowing at his expression. “What’s wrong, Tony?”


Sighing softly, the billionaire shifted his gaze downwards, his hand falling limply on the table in front of him. “What if this isn’t enough?” 


“What do you mean?” Bruce asked, scanning Tony’s expression worriedly. “We’re already creating more than advanced than we’ve ever attempted. There isn’t much else we can do.”


“I know, but,” Tony sighed, turning to look at Bruce, “What if it’s even stronger? Sure, we’re making an artificial intelligence, but what if the threat’s beyond technology?” Bruce tensed slightly seeing Tony’s eyes become distant, and he took a step towards him, setting a hand softly on his shoulder. 


“Tones, you’re getting in your head again,” Bruce said softly, quickly cutting him off when the billionaire opened his mouth to respond, “and I get it, I really do, but you can’t let your anxiety consume you like this. Some things are just out of our control.” Tony fell silent after his words, continuing to stare in front of him, and Bruce could see the gears spinning in his head. He sighed, taking his hand off his shoulder.


“Tony--”


“But what if we could control it?” The engineer looked at his friend, a wild look in his eyes. Bruce stared at him for a few moments, his mind trying to process his words. 


“What?”


“What if we could just start it over?” Looking back at the holographic lines of code in front of him, Tony scanned it over, the soft blue light reflecting something fiery in his eyes. “We’re essentially making a digital brain right now, right? We’ve already achieved that, so what’s to say we can’t transport our own?” Holding out a hand, the philanthropist zoomed out of the code with his fingers so the two could see the full holographic structure, and with a few more taps he pulled up a picture of the bifrost’s rainbow beam next to it. “Einstein-Rosen bridge travel’s already a thing, and we all know what the opposite of traveling at lightspeed is.”


Eyes widening in realization, Bruce muttered, “You can’t be implying what I think you are.” Tony looked back at him. “Think about it, Bruce. It isn’t as far-fetched as it seems. With the two of us putting our brains together, this could really work.”


“I-I don’t know,” Bruce stammered, taking a step back from the table. “An artificial intelligence is one thing, but time travel?”


“We would only use it for emergencies,” Tony started, “and it wouldn’t mess with any time paradox shenanigans either. Think about it--we scan a person, identify who they are, right? Then we scan their brain, transfer it temporarily into an AI, and send it back. We have a sea of arc reactors here already, so energy won’t be an issue. We would be able to go back and undo things just like that.” He snapped in time with his words, and his eyes lingered on his hand for a brief moment before moving back to the doctor. Taking a step closer to Bruce, Tony met his gaze. “This could really save our ass one day.”


Staring at the hero, Bruce noticed something different in Tony’s eyes. When his friend had approached him about the idea of Ultron, all he saw was a man being trapped by his own mind, and his eyes showed nothing but a man captured with fear. The only reason Bruce had agreed to help him was because he knew the billionaire was stubborn, and this was going to be the only way that he would be relieved of at least some of his anxiety. He couldn’t stand seeing the haunted look in Tony’s eyes whenever New York was mentioned, so he really had no choice but to agree. But now, Bruce saw 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Thor & Loki
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Steve Rodgers & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Thor & Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Canon Related
Post Current Canon
Peter Parker travels back in time
Tony's a smart boi
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Canon Temporary Character Death
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
my attempt to have a happy ending before endgame comes out
though I probably won't finish it before it comes out
oh well
light humor
Everyone Needs A Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Thanos Sucks
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Infinity Gems
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Clint is Peter's dad
change my mind
Civil War Fix-It
Avengers: Infinity War Fix-It
Avengers: Endgame Fix-It
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
but only later on
there aren't any spoilers right now so you have time to watch it lol
no beta we die like men
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Thor & Loki
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Steve Rodgers & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Thor & Bruce Banner

