Chapter 1: Letters to an Old Friend
    




Chapter Text
Inside the large building that sat in Manhattan, once known as Stark Tower and now known as Avengers Tower, were a group of superheroes who sat in the communal lounge talking, laughing and drinking. After the alien attack and Loki situation, Fury had forced Tony Stark to allow the other Avengers to live in the tower, though by the time everyone had moved in, it was the second week of June as the majority of May was filled with cleaning up, rebuilding and far too many conferences, talks and meeting. Then the first week of June was full of organising the tower (and searching for Bruce to then drag him to the tower). They had now reached the third week of June and their second week of living in the tower. Though, this was, in fact, the first time the group had all been in one room since the attack. Throughout the evening, the group had decided to try and lift Thor's hammer, Mjölnir, but much to the Norse Gods amusement, they had all failed. "Has anyone else ever actually lifted your hammer?" Clint asked with a pout as he sat down after trying and failing to lift said hammer. Thor's expression became oddly blank for the big guy before a small and rather gentle smile graced his lips,"Yes. Other than my father, there has been one other that has lifted my hammer.”"Gonna tell us the story, big guy?" Tony asked taking a swig from his liquor filled glass,"That I will, Man of Iron!" He exclaimed and settled back in his seat on the couch where Steve sat to his right, both of them filled the three seater couch due to their bulky size, "You have reminded me that I must send word to my old friend in the hopes that he can visit, we haven't spoken in fourteen years. But, should he arrive, he can surely tell the tale better than I.""That is fine, Thor. Please do continue." Steve murmured kindly to the man whose face saddened slightly at the reminder of the time,"Well, it happened fourteen years ago. The All-father decided to -as you Midgardian's call it- ground me and sent Mjölnir to Midgard. Much like the incident in which we met, Eye of Hawk, however, Mjölnir landed in England. More specifically it landed within the British Wizarding World. A secret community of Midgardian Seihr's, they have hidden communities all across your world. With magic similar to Loki, however, only a select few who are powerful enough can use magic without a wand."Anyway, when the All-Father cast Mjölnir down, it landed in the middle of a battle. In the hands of the Saviour in fact. I heard that the Saviour managed to save more people with the help of Mjölnir. I have no doubt that their Saviour would've been victorious even without Mjölnir, yet the battle ceased quicker with less bloodshed with her help. As angry as I was about my punishment, I was indeed grateful for its happening. I was sent to recover Mjölnir after my punishment and their Saviour had taken much care of her, I felt indebted. I stayed in his company for a while, we had much fun. Talking and conversing like we are now, I helped comfort him and support him through his many troubles after the fall of their battle and end of their war. I was saddened to leave as I had grown to love the boy, I found he was like a brother to me, maybe a son. I have found myself worried for his safety since my departure.""Wow. I did not expect that." The majority of the group muttered in unison with wide eyes,"I wonder if SHIELD has anything on these communities," Clint whispered to Natasha who nodded in agreement and made a mental note to find out."Well my friends, I shall leave you to ponder over my tale and bid you a good night, I find myself a tad tired.""Goodnight, Thor," Steve said kindly as the others repeated the sentiment in their own ways. 
—LINE BREAK—
 'Hello, my dear friend,It has come to my attention during a conversation with my teammates and friends, that we have not seen each other for an unfortunate fourteen years.
I do hope life has treated you fairly, I have missed you and our conversations.




Should you wish to bear my presence, I was inquiring whether you would accept an invitation to the newly named 'Avengers Tower' in Manhattan, New York.I have been staying here for the past couple of weeks after an incidence with Loki and until the foreseen future, I have been invited to stay within the tower.

I do hope you visit, you are welcome anytime and my friends, the Avengers, seem interested in you and your story. 
I hope for a response, though I shan't blame you if you do not respond, after all, I have been gone for a truly significant time for Midgardian's.

-Your friend, acquaintance, and brother,Thor Odinson.'
 Rereading his letter etched gracefully on a piece of golden parchment, Thor hoped it sounded alright but decided to send it away and not rewrite it. After all, if his friend had not changed, then the man would have no issue with his wording. With the use of a trick his mother, Frigga, had taught him, Thor gently folde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Swearing
slight - Freeform
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Abusive Dursley Family (Harry Potter)
Dursley Family Bashing (Harry Potter)
Past Suicide
Sort of an attempt but at the same time not
Gay Harry Potter
Parental Harry Potter
Out of Character Characters Are A Possibility

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

