Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


“Hello, is this the number of Mr. Peter Parker?”

 The woman’s voice is cool, businesslike, without giving away a hint of emotion. 

“Y-yes, this is he. May I ask who’s calling?” Peter’s voice sounds shaky to his own ears, his pulse flying, but he doesn’t allow himself to hope, not for a moment. Even though this could be it, 

the

 phone call, a good sign considering rejections were often sent through mail. 


“Hello, Mr. Parker, my name is Pepper Potts and I work for Mr. Stark. We are calling to congratulate you on your acceptance into the internship program at Stark Industries.” 


The air in Peter’s lungs vanishes and he sucks in a sharp breath, choking suddenly. He covers the receiver with a hand and coughs as quickly as possible before returning the phone to his ear. “Sorry, sorry, can you repeat that please?” 

The voice on the end almost sounds humored, like she’s fighting a smile. 

“Of course. We like to call the recipients of the position to ensure that they are still interested. You have been selected along with two other candidates from high schools in New York to participate in the internship. If you do well and wish to proceed in the field, and Mr. Stark finds you qualified of course, you will be offered a full time position.”


Peter huffs out another breath, shaking his head incredulously. He had known what the internship entailed, what it would mean in terms of his career, and more importantly, in terms of money for Aunt May. This would mean a possible scholarship for a university of his choosing, or he could immediately elect to take the position at Stark Industries. 

He had known this going in, what the internship entailed was no surprise; it was more the shock of having gotten in, knowing that he had such a small chance, impossible even… Just a kid from Queens. There were a thousand other people just like him. 


“Are you alright Mr. Parker?” 


Peter clears his throat and swallows thickly. “Yeah-- yes, sorry. This is all--processing,” he finishes lamely. 


“Of course. Shall I tell Mr. Stark you need more time to consider and that you’ll get back to us?” 

Pepper asks kindly. 

“No, no! I mean, no, I, uh, graciously accept, and look forward to uh, working. For him.” 


“Excellent, I will be sure to pass along that message. Mr. Stark would like to meet the recipients in person and is arranging a lunch next Saturday at one.”


“Awesome, I’ll be there,” Peter responds perhaps a little too enthusiastically, and Pepper lets out a soft laugh. 


“Alright. I look forward to meeting you soon, Mr. Parker.” 


“Thank you so much, you too. Thank you. Um, goodnight.” He hangs up hastily, sighing heavily. 

Holy shit. 

… 

Peter is extremely nervous as Saturday draws closer, both too quickly and not fast enough. His insides all dance in nervous excitement at meeting the man who’s been his idol since he was a kid, although Peter’s sure the same could be said for every other kid with an interest in science and engineering. 

He is a bit nervous for a vast range of reasons, the most prominent being that Tony Stark could take one look at him and decide he’s not good enough, not qualified. Or he realizes his designation and doesn’t actually want an omega working for him. The application hadn’t asked for designation so Peter hopes that it doesn’t matter, but it is far more difficult for an omega, an unmated one at that, to rise in society than it is for an alpha or beta. 

And, Peter is also worried about meeting Tony Stark in the flesh. He’s heard the saying countless times, ‘don’t meet your heroes,’ and what if this wonderful alpha that cares about the environment and people with less means is just a persona created for the public? What if he’s really just the asshole the tabloids portray him as and is a dominating arrogant alpha like so many that Peter has known?

But he can’t risk losing this opportunity, and any of those outcomes are a risk Peter is willing to take for the chance of being able to stop being a cause for worry for May. He’ll do his best and what happens, happens. 

… 

“You have a meeting at ten this morning, and then the lunch meet-and-greet with the new interns at one,” Pepper reminds Tony for the second time that day. 

“Copy that, General,” Tony says with a salute and Pepper rolls her eyes. He downs the last of his coffee and goes to get ready for the day. 

“Sir, would you like me to start some more coffee as you haven’t had a complete sleep cycle in four days?” Jarvis asks, his voice, if it could, sounds almost worried. 

“Sure, thanks Jarvis,” Tony replies, dropping his mug into the sink. 

…

The three kids are waiting at the table, elaborately placed with sandwiches, pastas, chips, and just about every other ‘lunchy’ food anyone could think of. Tony is ten minutes late, which would explain the look of disappointment Pepper fixes him with when he walks in, but what can you do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Angst
Fluff
Age Difference
but both are consenting adults
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Mutual Pining
Loss of Virginity

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

