Chapter 1: Can You Hold Me
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text




Wade bounced on his feet, full of nervous energy he hadn’t managed to work off during his last fight. He pulled out his phone and glanced at the time. There was still about an hour to go, but he didn’t want to spend all the extra time at home.He glanced over at Spider-Man. He had helped the other hero out tonight, though things had grown a little tense when he unalived one of the assailants. Even when Wade did his best to avoid it around the hero, his old habits died much harder than any of the mooks or minions who stood in his way.Deadpool looked back at his phone, running through his email again, checking to see if the person coming to visit him hadn’t canceled. He had tried Craigslist looking for help a few times before, but most of the responders barely made it past his door after they got a look at him. While the failures had made him reluctant to try again, he was just desperate enough to hold out hope once more. For Spider-Man, it hadn't been a bad night, all things considered. He’d managed to stop a mugging and a B+E, and that was even before Deadpool showed up, eager to take down some bad guys. It was more than a little conflicting for Peter. On the one hand, it was nice to have help on patrol. While the Amazing Spider-Man had no trouble with low-level thugs and petty criminals, New York City was home to no end of creatively minded supervillains. And ninjas. He really hated the ninjas. Deadpool could make short work of a whole squad though, giggling and cracking wise the whole time, as though he was doing nothing more than racking up points in a video game.Ugh, when was the last time Peter had had a free moment to relax and play a game or even watch a movie?It hadn't been recently, as he'd spent every waking moment trying to work enough odd jobs so he could keep the heat on in his apartment, to say nothing of the rent itself. He'd combed every posting he could find online, for dog walkers, babysitters, anything—but most of them demanded more regular hours than he had to give, especially with most of his nights already booked. Wade finally put his phone away, figuring that at this point, things would either work out or they wouldn’t and he’d just find out once he got home. For now, he had a chance to pester the cutie with a booty in spandex. He popped over to his temporary partner and slung his arm around his shoulder, taking up as much personal space as he could. “Whatcha thinking about, Spidey?”"Just trying to decide how much time I have for patrol tonight," he answered, already leaning out of the other man's arms. "Got an... appointment I need to get ready for. Probably best if I don't show up smelling like..." he gestured vaguely to the air. "...the city, I guess." "Aww, do ya’ really gotta go?" Wade pouted behind his mask, not wanting to lose his one distraction. He turned Spider-Man around and placed a hand on each shoulder, then took a quick sniff of the smaller man. "I dunno, I kinda like the scent." Leaning in a little closer, he sniffed again. "Oh wait, I think I smell hobo piss, maybe a shower will do you good," he said as he wrinkled his nose, bringing a hand up to rub at it. "Ugh!" Peter grimaced. "Do you always have to be so... touchy-feely?" He pushed against Wade's chest, backing away a few feet. "It's not my fault criminals seem to take a liberal view of hygiene. Maybe we should talk to the Avengers about recruiting Mr. Clean to their team. The city could use some actual scrubbing every once in a while."Wade was grateful for the mask. Once again it hid the hurt he so often felt, but he squashed it before it became an issue. Not here, not now. "Oh, Mr. Clean would make a handy hero. Think he knows the secret to getting blood out?" He asked as he picked at a small fleck of blood splatter on his suit. "But yeah," Peter nodded, looking out into the night in the general direction of home. "I need to head out. Maybe you should call it a night as well. Go home, play some video games or something. That way at least one of us will be having a good night."Deadpool tilted his head. "You don't seem too thrilled to be going to this appointment." He clapped his hands together. "Skip it and play video games with me!" It was tempting. Peter knew Wade was pretty much a bazillionaire give or take a few zillions, so he probably had a pretty sweet pad. The kind with central heating instead of a rickety radiator. And a widescreen TV. If he wasn't so badly in need of the cash..."Can't," He answered frankly. "I said I'd be there, so I'm gonna be there. Can't have yet another person in the city thinking I'm an unreliable slouch." "Please, like only one person thinks that, and honestly I'd love to punch right him in the mustache for that." Wade waved his hands in a shooing motion. "Alright then, off with ya. Go be a good civilian." It certainly didn't make the rest of Peter's night loo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Touch-Starved
Mental Health Issues
Mental Breakdown
Temporary Character Death
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Sensation Play
Identity Porn
Identity Reveal
Slow Burn
Yule log
Angst
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Suicide
Mentions of sex trafficking
food mentioned every chapter
Comfort Food

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

