Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


        Chapter by FestiveFerret, XxWanderlustxX (franzwantscoffee)




Chapter Text
  "I almost had you that time," Tony said, panting as he lay sprawled across the gym floor. A hand appeared in his line of sight and he took it.Steve hauled him to his feet. "Almost." He grinned."I think that's it for me." Tony grabbed his towel from the corner of the mats and wiped his face, hiding how heavily his chest was heaving. If Steve weren't an actual supersoldier, their sparring sessions would be giving Tony some sort of complex by now."Alright." Steve had the audacity to look disappointed after slamming Tony into the mats more times than he could count. He turned away to cross the gym towards his water bottle then, once he had it in hand, turned back and sort of froze, staring awkwardly at Tony.Tony stilled too. He had a conference call in half an hour and he still needed to shower first, but he'd never pass up a chance to spend more time with Steve. He waited for Steve to say something, but he didn't, chewing idly on the end of his water bottle. Tony scrambled wildly for some excuse to keep sharing space with him. He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out, no brilliant ideas coming to mind, though a hot flush came to his cheeks. This crush was really getting out of hand."So… uh." Tony checked his phone overdramatically. "I have a call I'm going to be late for, but do you - um - want to catch dinner later? There's this new Greek place I've been meaning to try, supposed to have amazing calamari. I think you'd like it." And where the fuck had that come from? He made a mental note to have JARVIS compile a list of new Greek places. "We can talk about that suit upgrade you mentioned the other day," he tacked on hastily.Steve's jaw went tight for a moment, but then he nodded with an easy smile. "Sure. Sounds great.""Awesome. Give me…" Tony did some quick math "- four hours? I'll come up and get you."Steve waved him off, and Tony dragged himself into the showers. He had a change of clothes in his locker, and he didn't have time to go back up to the penthouse before his call came in. He'd take a quick shower then motor down to the workshop to work for a few hours before his date -  dinner - dinner. Not a date. Just dinner. With Steve. Because somehow he'd asked Steve to dinner, and Steve had said yes.This call was going to be hard to get through.The shower, on the other hand… Tony dropped his clothes in a haphazard path to the shower stalls at the back of the locker room. He was hard before he even turned on the water, remembering how many times Steve had pinned him to the mats with his ungodly thighs. This crush was getting slightly out of Tony's control. Steve would always be, first and foremost, Tony's friend and teammate, but the fact that he was also the focus of several frequent and intense fantasies involving candlelight, a fireplace, and a bear skin rug, made it hard to remember that sometimes.Tony stepped under the water and let his eyes fall shut, tipping his chin up to wash the sweat from his brow. He squirted some body wash in his palm and rubbed it over his chest. God, if only it were Steve's fingers there, soothing the fingerprint bruises he'd made during their sparring. Tony tipped back under the warm water and let his hand drift south, mind wandering down a path it tread all too often.He closed his hand around his cock, stroking once, slow and firm, his hand still slippery with the soap. If it were Steve there, it would feel different, his hands bigger, stronger, but also softer, the serum healing any roughness or calluses. Tony's hand moved faster now, water dripping in his mouth as it fell open. Steve would press him back against the shower stall, an endless wall of slick, wet skin and -Tony almost didn't register it at first - the light touch on his ankle - so preoccupied he was with his imaginary partner. He was almost expecting another's touch, but a heartbeat later, his body processed the soft brush over his heel as real, and he startled back, eyes flying open.The cover was off the drain, and a long, thin, dark purple  appendage was snaking up out of it, reaching for Tony."Shit!" Tony staggered backwards, until he smacked his elbow on the shower wall, sending bottles tumbling down to the wet tile, realizing too late that he had put the strange thing between himself and the exit, and he wasn't wearing the suit-summoning bracelets.JARVIS had no cameras in the stalls, but if Tony yelled loud enough, he'd hear him. "JA-" The tentacle snapped across the small space and latched itself over Tony's mouth, cutting off the rest of his shout into a muffled scream.The tile around the drain cracked and more tentacles appeared, followed by the coiled mass at the centre of the creature - because that's what it clearly was, a creature. It pinned Tony easily to the wall, winding itself around his arms and legs, binding him. He stared up at it in growing horror as more and more o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tentacle Rape
Tentacle Sex
Aliens Made Them Do It
Forced Orgasm
Aphrodisiacs
Sex Pollen
Sounding
PWP
Tentacle Rape But You Know They're Going to Enjoy It
Hot Calamari
alien science
Porn
Tentacles In Every Hole
Happy Ending
Art
Comic pages
Illustrated Fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

