Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text

The only memory that Thor had of his father was accompanied by the scar on his chest.
 
It was a large scar; one that sprouted from the center of his chest and expanded outwards like a drop of paint upon a blank canvas.
 
And it had taken almost a century to recover from.
 
In the idle moments of Thor’s life -the ones where the days and the weeks and the 

months

 flew by in the blink of an eye, merging together into one long nightmare- horrid memories of his father and that dreadful day, returned to him.
 
Some days it felt as if these memories consumed him, drowning him in an ocean of darkness that he couldn't understand. 
 
Other days -although they were rare- he managed lift his head above the surface of this dreadful existence that he was living, sucking in a large breath of light before he was dragged back down into the dark depths again.   
 
But mornings like this, the ones where he was the only one awake in his home, and the feelings of yesterday washed over him, were difficult.
 
Thor didn’t know much about his father except for the fact that his name was Odin, that he was half Jötun, and was also the current ruler of Asgard.
 
One would think that being the son of the King of the Nine Realms would mean he would be living in the lap of luxury.
 
One would think that this meant that he would never want or need for a thing in his entire life. That he lived everyday like a 

god

, with servants at his every beck and call. 
 
But he didn’t.
 
Instead he lived as an outcast on his realm, the sorrows and grief from yesterday welling deep within his soul. 
 
It was an indescribable and almost unbearable burden; a burden that he wouldn’t wish on his worst enemy.  
 
He had been told by his mother that his father had been raised on Asgard, and that they met on one of Odin’s diplomatic trips to Jötunheim.
 
He had also been told that his father abandoned he and his mother for the throne of Asgard when Thor was a young child. He learned when he was older that his father had lied to his mother;  spoke to her of a future where she would be his queen on Asgard. A future where Thor would be his heir.
 
He learned early on not to trust his father's empty promises. 
 
He had been told so many stories, heard so many accounts, and witnessed first hand how cruel his father was, so Thor couldn’t understand for the life of him why his people still believed him to be loyal to his father.
 
The people of his village were kind; they loved him and respected him just like they would any other Jötun. Of course, he was forbidden to court them, and although heartbreaking, he understood it was because they didn’t want to sully their bloodlines with Aesir blood.
 
But outside of his small village, he was regarded as an Aesir. He was viewed as untrustworthy. He was viewed as an abomination; someone that shouldn’t even exist.
 
Jötnar outside of his village refused to touch him or speak to him unless absolutely necessary, and when he walked in the streets, giants grabbed their wives and hid their children.
 
Of course, becoming a mercenary didn’t help his reputation.
 
Because of his success as this, he was now known and regarded as a monster too.
 
Just like his father.
 
He shook his head to clear these unsavory thoughts from his mind, and stood up, leaving his room and heading to his family’s shared bathroom.
 
After his mother passed away, his aunt and uncle took him in, and raised him as their own. When he wasn’t away on an assignment, he oftentimes helped out on his family’s farm, delivering the produce to the market each week.
 
This week was no different.
 
He went through the motions of harvesting the particular crop section for the week, and packed it into the wooden carriage, hitching one of the Llugem to it. Llugem were large beasts that were used in Jötunheim that were akin to the horses on Asgard, and could accommodate the large size of Jötnar. Of course, they were also stronger and faster than the horses of Asgard too. 
 
Thor found himself wondering if his life would always be resorted to menial tasks like this; only here to serve and protect others.
 
Nodding at the passing villagers politely, Thor made his way to the village’s market, and delivered the produce for the week, trying his best to ignore the foreboding feeling he had in his chest.
 
He felt as if today was a day that would change his life forever, and… he couldn’t shake the feeling that his menial life would no longer remain that way.
 
Thor’s fears were confirmed when he returned home from the market, and noticed that royal envoys were at his door.
 
He couldn’t ignore the distressed look on his uncle’s face as he approached their cottage, and frowned, urging the Llugem he was riding to a stop. “Uncle.”
 
Thor’s uncle sighed, beckoning for him to follow them. “Hello, Nephew. Our king has sent a message for you.”
 
Thor climbed off of the Llugem and approached the king’s envoys warily, trying to ignore th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Jötnar | Jotuns | Frost Giants (Norse Religion & Lore)
Jotunn Thor (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Fake Words
Mpreg
Graphic Birth Scenes
War
mild violence
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Domestic Fluff
Smut
Adopted Children
Children
Family Fluff
Introspection
Analyzing Feelings
Character Growth and Development
Strangers to Lovers
Seidr
Made Up Cultural Customs

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

