Chapter 1: November 16
    




Chapter Text

Tony Stark had been having a good day.

(In retrospect, this probably should’ve been his first hint that everything was about to go to shit.)

First of all, he’d actually woken up naturally. Not from a nightmare or an emergency alarm blaring daggers into his skull. Nope. None of that. Instead, he’d woken up to sunlight streaming through his bedroom windows and gentle silence.

That 

never 

happened. Tony couldn’t even 

remember 

the last time that had happened.

So, yeah, that probably should’ve set off red flags right away.

He hadn’t ached that much when he stood up, either. In fact, he’d felt 

good

. Young. Like he could get in the suit without popping a few-too-many Advil first.

The kitchen was clean, the fridge full. The coffee maker seemed faster than usual, and he didn’t even have a headache by the time he started on his first cup. F.R.I.D.A.Y. didn’t pop in with any urgent messages or alerts. A check of Peter’s tracker showed that the kid had made it to school safe and sound, probably sitting in one of those shitty desks while a monotone teacher droned on and on about the Industrial Revolution.

Yeah, Tony Stark had been having a pretty good day.

Then his phone rang.

At first, he thought it was just another nice surprise in a line of nice surprises. After all, Pepper didn’t usually call him in the mornings. She had fancy CEO things to do.

He didn’t even consider the possibility that an unexpected call from the CEO of your company at 10:00 in the morning might be a 

bad 

thing.

Ever heard of being lulled into a false sense of security? Yeah, Tony had, too. He just wasn’t thinking about it at that exact moment.

Whoops.

“Morning, Pep. To what do I owe the pleasure? You miss me that much already?”

Pepper’s voice came out and hit his morning's comfortable glide like friction. “Don’t flirt with me, Tony. Not now.”

He groaned internally. 

Of course 

his peace couldn’t last. When did it ever? “What did I do this time?”

“For once? Nothing.”

Oh. Well 

that 

was a nice change, at least. “So it’s 

not 

my fault? I’m shocked.” He settled down on one of the leather couches in the penthouse lounge and kicked his feet up on the coffee table. “Where’s the fire?”

“Somewhere that you’re 

not 

going to like.”

“In my defense, I don’t actually enjoy making your job more difficult.”

“

Tony

.” Pepper’s exasperation came out more like exhaustion. Like she wasn’t quite sure what to say, or how to say it. And that was 

not 

a nice change. “It’s Peter.”

He sat upright. His feet hit the ground with a soft 

thump

. “Huh? Peter?” He forced himself not to roll his eyes. “What’d the kid do 

this 

time?”

“Nothing, Tony. This time it’s our fault.”

“I don’t like the way that sounds.”

“You shouldn’t.”

He tightened his grip on the phone, airy confidence morphing into concern. “What’s happened, Pep? Tell me.”

“Do you remember that employee server hack from a few weeks ago?”

He paused, sifting through his admittedly spotty memory of company memos and meetings. “Gonna be honest with you, honey. Not really.”

“You wouldn’t.” She sighed. “About two weeks ago, SI’s employee servers were hacked. It wasn’t anything big. They didn’t even get employee’s personal files, just their company IDs and basic clearance information. Our analysts estimated that only 10% of our workbase was even affected. A couple of our security guys beefed up the code and we all moved on.”

“Okay,” he said slowly, “so why are we talking about it now?”

“Because they 

did 

get ID information. That means names, heights, 

clearance levels

.” Pepper paused, like a delay may soften the blow. “And it looks like Peter was in that compromised 10%.”

He stuttered for a second, blindsided by the revelation. Then, he snapped.

“Why the 

fuck 

didn’t we know about this after the initial hack? You’re telling me our IT guys couldn’t pinpoint exactly whose information was compromised?”

“They 

did

, Tony. But, like I said, nobody looked too closely at it. They didn’t get enough for it to be a security threat. Most of the info was in the public domain anyway. A kid on library Wifi can Google a list of our employees.”

“But 

Peter-

”

“Was a 

secret

, Tony. Nobody besides you, me, Rhodey, and Happy know about him. 

Of course 

his name wouldn’t flag anything when security checked it out.”

“His clearance should’ve.”

“They weren’t looking for clearance.”

“That was an oversight.”

“Yes, maybe it was. But none of that matters at this point, Tony, because surely  you understand what this means?”

He nodded, brain already flicking through possible scenarios. “It means we’ve got a hacker to bribe, and quick.”

“No, Tony.” There was something defeated in Pepper’s tone. “It’s too late for that.”

“It’s… It’s 

what

?”

“Google Peter’s name.”

“

Excuse

 me?”

“Do it, Tony. Just… Just do it, alright?”

He swallowed. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.? Google Peter Parker, and tell me the first results that pop up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Press and Tabloids
News Media
Paparazzi
YouTube
Social Media
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Fame
Celebrities
Internet Famous
I can't believe these are real tags
Internet
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Police
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Graphic Description of Corpses

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

