Chapter 1: oof ow my bones
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Ugh.”     The boy groaned, slowly pulling himself into a sitting position as he wiped the sleep from his eyes. Aside from himself, the soft beeping of the heart monitor was the only disruption of the otherwise serene room. He hissed softly as his hand brushed against his brow bone, the gash was mostly healed by now, hardly a cut, but the skin surrounding it was sensitive as ever. He tried to stand but the thick brace on his left ankle prevented him from swinging his legs over the side of the cot. Not to mention the pain that shot through his abdomen when he moved. His fingers found the call button on the rail, and soon a nurse walked cheerily into the room.“Morning, sunshine” she beamed at him with a vaguely southern accent, adjusting the IV drip to allow more meds into his system “do you need anything in particular?”“ m’, some water would be nice” The boy mumbled. His tongue felt thick and dry, forcing him to stumble over his words, which, under normal circumstances, would frustrate him to no end. However, these were not normal circumstances, and the only thing he could really think about was the slowly fading ache in his side and the nice jacket draped over the empty chair to his left.“ Here you are, dear, “ Said the woman, flashing him a grin as he accepted the paper cup “Y’know, he isn’t gonna be too happy you woke up right after he left for coffee”.     The boy looked groggily at her over the rim of the cup. The cool water was like a little drink of heaven, washing away the sand he was certain coated his throat as he sipped. Finally, he could take in his surroundings. He obviously wasn’t in a regular hospital. The far-too-nice furniture and actual bedding assured him of that.
 Oh yeah 

Stark Tower 
     He almost facepalmed, remembering the damage to his face at the last second. How could he possibly have forgotten? The increase in crime, finding that lead on a new street drug, the abandoned warehouses, the fight, the gun-     His runaway thoughts ended abruptly when the door to the room opened suddenly, startling himself and the poor nurse, who jumped. He almost had to laugh, he’d seen Tony in some pretty odd situations, but the frazzled billionaire in a too-big spider-man tshirt, suit pants, hair that made it look like he touched a stray wire, and what was no doubt his tenth cup of coffee standing in the doorway with a worried look on his face was certainly up there. But that might be the morphine talking. If it even was morphine, considering that not much could actually keep him knocked out.“ Peter? Back to the land of the living?” Tony quipped, poorly attempting to hide the underlying worry in his voice. He took a seat in the chair with the jacket, smiling at the drowsy teen blinking up at him.“H-hey Mister Stark,” Peter said weakly. “did we get ‘em?” The older man chuckled lightly at this.“Yeah, we got them, kid. Don’t sweat it.” In an instant his expression switched from gentle to stern “But I swear on whoever it is I’m supposed to swear on, if you pull that stunt again I’ll ground you until you’re eighty” he chastised. Peter didn’t want to laugh, but the way Tony was wagging his finger around was too much like his Aunt. “ And I mean it when I say-what, hey, stop that right now! I’m trying to lecture you and that’s pretty hard when you’re giggling like a little kid.” The finger continued. So did Peter.     It ended up taking a full five minutes of Peter desperately trying to contain his laughter enough to explain to Tony, who was absolutely horrified at the prospect of turning into Aunt May. Though this did lead to the both of them laughing for another few minutes. Eventually, Peter composed himself, unable to take any more with the battered state he and his ribs were in. He looked over to Tony, who launched back into his speech, this time without waving a finger in Peter’s face.“Uh,w-wait a sec Mr stark” Tony paused, looking expectantly at the kid. “What, what ended up happening? And where is Aunt May?” The man sighed, massaging his forehead as if it pained him to explain.“Wow, you really did forget all that, didn’t you?” Peter nods. “ Well, after that new stuff started popping up all over the place, you took it upon yourself to investigate, which I specifically told you not to do, (Peter rolls his eyes at this, earning him a glare) and when you did find a lead, you went and investigated by yourself without telling me or anyone else,” Tony said, his voice rising as he went. “Of course you broke into one of the most heavily armed drug factories in New York and pissed them off by beating up a bunch of their men. You’re pretty damn lucky Karen alerted me when you got shot, otherwise, you would’ve gone up in flames with all that heroin. Why did you set it on fire again?”“Oh, makes sense.” He said absentmindedly, ignoring Tony’s question. It at least explained the hole in his side
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Field Trip
oh look another field trip fic
IronDad and SpiderSon
Fluff
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
steve is bad at disguises
Tags May Change
Tags Are Hard
Poor Peter Parker
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
infinity war? who's she
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Everyone Is Alive
Domestic Avengers
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Mild Angst
seriously its barely there - Freeform
flash sucks

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

