Work Text:
Steve heaves, unable to feel or act calm. Shameful moans keep coming out of his mouth, he just lets them out even though he feels embarrassed because even if he tries to hold them back, he won’t be able to do it anyway. How could he control himself anyway, with a vibrator up in his asshole, vibrating and giving him shivers throughout his body. He fists are balled because he is not allowed to touch his hardening cock. There are cock rings around his cock, anyway, preventing him from coming.He is on all fours, his ass up in the air with the vibrator while he is holding onto the bed for support, feeling weak from being assaulted by the vibrator. He can hear his lover, Tony, complimenting him on doing well. Tony is currently filming him with the recorder on his hand, while there is also a recorder on a tripod, also recording Steve’s whole body. There are a lot of cameras filming him—one other camera filming his cock, one filming his stomach and chest, one filming his face.Here is the thing: Tony is a sex toy manufacturer, a damn good one at that. And on top of that, he uses his boyfriend to test the sex toys that have been produced. They fell in love when Steve signed up to be a tester and when they officially become lovers, Steve is still the one testing all the sex toys.Being pregnant doesn’t stop him from being a tester. Even now, when he is 37 weeks pregnant with twins, he is still testing Tony’s products. Everything he is wearing right now is Tony’s products.The vibrator is shaped like a dog tail, so it looks like Steve has a tail. He even wears a dog ears hairband and a collar to compliment it, making him look like a dog boy. The three cock rings he is wearing now can vibrate too, but Tony hasn't turned them one in case Steve feels too overwhelmed. He is wearing a body strap on that accentuates his big belly and his growing breasts—it's not a new product, but Tony likes seeing him wearing it.While he has only started using the vibrator, cock rings, and strap on around fifteen minutes ago, he has been using the nipple clamps on his nipples since early morning. In fact, he woke up because Tony put them on his nipples while he was asleep. It’s not the kind of clamps that makes his nipples feel too painful, but those clamps are enough to prevent his milk from leaking out. Tony is curious about how full and firm his breasts will be if the milk doesn’t leak out, how much milk he can produce in a day. Steve is sure that his breasts have grown bigger from yesterday—almost big enough to be called boobs. Pregnancy changes his body and it upsets Steve at first, but Tony finds him really sexy, so he doesn’t feel upset anymore. Steve likes it much when Tony finds him sexy. Tony finds him sexy when he is pregnant, so now Steve likes being pregnant. It helps that he is super sensitive when he is pregnant, resulting in sex feels even more wonderful.But still, he can’t wait until Tony takes off the clamps and let the milk leaks. His breasts feel so heavy with milk and his nipples are so sensitive. He is already used to his heavy belly, full of his and Tony’s children, but he is still not used to his full breasts. He hasn’t had any release for more than 15 hours. He can’t wait until Tony massages him and milks him dry. It would feel so wonderful and probably will make him even harder. His breasts are just aching to be touched but only Tony can touch his breasts and his cock. He would like to be naughty and touch himself because it usually makes Tony punishes him and he will love the punishment, but his breasts are too full, so he doesn’t want to make 15 hours become 24 hours.He feels Tony’s hand on his ass, massaging it and then pushing his ass cheeks, making them squeeze that vibrator and making Steve feels the vibration. Steve moans loudly because even that simple act feels so wonderful. Tony knows well how to drive Steve crazy. Tony plays with his ass cheeks for a while before his fingers trace around Steve’s hole, making Steve shivers. Tony shoves the vibrator deeper and Steve yelps when it hits his prostate.“Want more, Babe?” Tony asks, chuckling seeing how Steve is starting to get lost in pleasure. He likes watching his boyfriend being assaulted by his sex toys. He finds it fun when Steve wasn't pregnant, but he likes it, even more, when Steve is pregnant because it makes Steve even more restless and helpless.“Hu-uh.” Steve wants, shutting his eyes shut. His cock is so hard already, he is going to have a dry orgasm at least once, “Fuck, this one is good.”“It’s not even at full power,” Tony mentions, as he starts to raise the vibrating level of the vibrator. Steve moans, even more, swinging his ass in the air. The tail of the vibrator moves just like how a dog's tail will. Steve thinks it's a good product."Still want your cock, Tony," Steve says even though it’s obvious that he enjoys the vibrator well. He still likes Tony’s cock better than a vibrator, though. It’s warmer and bigger than a vibrator and beca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Pregnant Sex
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Cock Rings
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Male Lactation
Marathon Sex
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe
Enemas
Inflation
Double Penetration
Pregnant Steve Rogers
Mpreg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

