Chapter 1: What I've Seen
    


Notes:
Please, if you read and enjoy (or not) leave comments. Anyhow, here ya go.




Chapter Text

Typical. Only hours earlier the streets had been packed and you had been forced to park in the underground a block away from Allie’s apartment. Now, those spots which ran the length of the roads and charted the interior of the upper levels were vacant. Even upon the basement tarmac, all rectangular outlines were left barren. All but yours.

You could see your small Honda in the far corner from just outside the parking lot, through the small slits which ran at ground level and gave sights on those vehicles harboured below. Twenty dollars to park for the night. Twenty! You were annoyed at the reminder; the large green sign at the main floor entrance catching the streetlights. From the corner of your eye, it seemed the exorbitant price tag was winking at you.

As you entered the parking garage, its desolation became even more apparent. Its concrete walls shuttered out the sounds of the street; the buzz of the city and noise of cars on the main fares only a block away. But here, this nest of vehicle letting hidden amid the towering apartment buildings, seemed so far away. Hidden in plain sight. 
Your footsteps echoed as you walked the crack sidewalks, placed along the pillared railings in islands between the white-lined parking spots to guide drivers back to their cars. Your flat boots, their soles well-worn, padded quietly but your subtle gait seemed to echo around you. It was eerie. You lifted your wrist and checked your watch. Midnight already. 

You had let Allie keep you far too late but these days, you saw her barely more than once a month. It had been nice to unwind on your rare Friday night void of obligation. Often, you were at some office, hidden behind an unfamiliar desk, typing away at someone else’s work. Temp work was as tedious as it was dispiriting. A month at most in once place, more often a week. Allie, your oldest friend in the the overworked city, was your only sense of permanence.

You brushed back the hair which had fallen loose from your sagging ponytail and rubbed your forehead. The motion drew a yawn to the surface, but it died in your throat without blooming. It was an odd sensation, choking on one’s own breath. The incompleteness of an unspent yawn burning at your eyes and nipping at your spine. You clapped your hand over your mouth as the voices came nearer.

There was something about the tone, underlined with a note of finality, which had stifled your breath. You gripped the strap of your bag closer to your shoulder and skittered behind the nearest concrete column, a hand flat upon its face to steady you as your ears tried to decipher the words clothed in panic, returned by those laced with menace.

You pulled your nose back just before you could look upon the scene unfolding at the other side of the pillar. You pressed yourself to the concrete, sensing the danger around you. It was so like you to stumble upon trouble which was not your own. To so blindly wander into another’s plight as you bemoaned the papercut sufferings of your own life. Your ears cleared of distortion and focused on the conversation; its scheduling betraying the underbelly of its purpose.

“Don’t,” A voice warned. A movement stopped as the threat hung in the air. “Do you truly think you can get us before we get you?”

Your eyes wandered, your brow creasing in confusion. A drug deal? Robbery? The heat of fear crawled along your arms and up your back, settling around your neck like a hand squeezing the breath from you.

“I’d rather take you with me than die and let you have it,” The quavering voice returned, eliciting a chuckle from his adversaries. That was two sets of laughter. Two attackers. 

Your lip was trembling without your permission and you slowly bent around the pillar, keeping flush against the concrete as you peeked around it. They were closer than you thought. And you recognized them. Well, the two holding their guns aimed at the one, a suitcase held as if a shield against his chest by the latter. You drew back and bit your lip, closing your eyes as you bid yourself to keep silent.

Those two men had long ago been known as two parts of the Avengers. They were still as such but not in the same manner. Those heroes were no longer what they once were. No longer saviours, more mercenaries. The world had changed and with it, so had Stark and his team of worldly defenders. They still claimed to hold the interests of people at heart, but their means were questionable. It seemed these days, money could buy more justice than morality. 
Why, if the price was high enough, Stark would deploy his agents to kill a local meth cooker. It was a truth denied by the perpetrators but known and accepted by the whole world. It was a small price to pay for the planet’s safety. If a few innocent were casualties to keeping peace and order for many, was it really a loss?

You had refused to belie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bucky Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dark
AU
so this is gonna be dark
very dark
truly
okay
Mind the warnings
don't be back sassing me cause you didn't read
but also if interested
enjou
because this came out of nowhere
Dark!Steve
Dark!Bucky
so it's getting a bit complicated
and Steve is persistent
I'm not going to call it Stucky just yet
But he's there - Freeform

fandom: 
Bucky Barnes/Reader

