Work Text:

Well, this is awkward.

That was the thought that kept running through Tony’s mind as he catalogued everything that was in the room. This was the first mission that Tony had participated in with the Rogues. Not that the New Avengers hadn’t run missions with them before but Tony hadn’t been a part of them. A little bit of his own doing and a little bit of Carol and Rhodey’s doing since neither of the New Avengers’ team leaders thought it appropriate that Tony should have to work with people who had abused him unless it was a genuine end of the world matter. It wasn’t as if there weren’t other New Avengers with a similar skill set to him, even if it was apparently quite a treat (in the sarcastic way) to combine Harley in the Rescue armour with the Rogues.
But today’s mission had needed him and his unique combination of skills and knowledge and ability to apply them in creative ways under extreme pressure. Carol and Rhodey hadn’t been pleased but Tony had been willing so the best they could do was limit Tony’s contact with some of the more contentious of the Rogues.
Which was kind of how Tony now found himself being held prisoner with Sam Wilson.
Tony had never really gotten Sam. Admittedly, he barely knew the man but he didn’t understand him or his thought processes at all. How he could blindly follow Steve without question when his military record showed that he’d been an excellent airman with a proven track record of knowing how to question orders without sounding insubordinate and a documented ability to come up with alternate plans on the fly. How he could think that he was above the law and the wishes of the people when said military record also showed he was an exemplary airman who had been a willing and active participant in all of the ‘after action’ reviews that he’d been a part of.
It never made sense to Tony, who had always welcomed his friends and underlings questioning him. Okay, sometimes Pepper and Rhodey’s lack of faith had hurt at times but he never wanted them to stop questioning him. How was he supposed to get better if people didn’t question him? Hell, that was how he’d met Pepper in the first place! 
But Sam… Sam had turned himself into a Cap fanboy/groupie/unthinking yes man and Tony didn’t understand how he could do that. But that didn’t really matter. What had mattered for the mission was that Tony didn’t object to working with him and apparently Sam didn’t object either, which he would admit he’d found odd since he knew Sam had been a willing and active participant in the ‘slag off Stark’ sessions in Wakanda. Something had changed though, since the Rogues return to the US. Tony didn’t know what it was and frankly didn’t care as long as it made it easy to work with Sam. After all, no one had ever said you had to like your work colleagues. You just had to be willing to work with them.
“Can we get out?”
Tony turned to look at Sam and sighed. “Not that I can see right now. They seem to have taken… well, me into account. Which I’m finding mildly disturbing and a little annoying.”
Sam frowned. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, they’re either excessively careful with all their prisoners or they knew I’d be on this mission and planned for it,” Tony replied as he did another circuit of the room. “Which means that this mission was a trap.”
“For you.” Sam’s tone was neutral and Tony didn’t know what that meant.
“Yeah, most likely.” Tony sighed and rolled his eyes. “You’d think they’d have learned that it’s always a bad idea to kidnap me. I’m not a good hostage.”
“You mean… like the Ten Rings,” Sam said, still in that neutral tone.
Tony waved a hand. “Well, yeah, that. But I’ve been escaping from kidnappers since I was six so… there’s that too.”
Sam frowned. “You were kidnapped when you were six?”
“The first one was when I was four actually,” Tony replied as he gave up and slid down the wall opposite Sam to sit down. “Aunt Peggy rescued me that time.”
“Peggy Carter?” Sam said, his frown deepening momentarily. “You knew her?”
“She was my godmother,” Tony replied absently. “She taught me self-defence after that kidnapping, much to Dad’s horror and Mom’s amusement.” 
He picked at the tattered edge of his flight suit and tapped the arc reactor in his chest. He’d been pretty sure this attack had been a trap for him from the moment he’d been hit with the weapon that had ripped him away from his suit, leaving the bulk of the nanites behind. There were still more stored in the arc reactor but he was a bit wary about using them for anything right now without knowing what the situation was. Why give away his hand now when doing so might make things worse?
He realised Sam hadn’t said anything and looked over to find the man staring at him with an indecipherable look on his face. Tony frowned. “What?”
“Why didn’t you come to the funeral?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Because I was busy trying to sort out the mess you lot had made in Lagos and the Nigerian officials didn’t give a damn about the death of some r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Mentions of Carol Danvers
mentions of James Rhodes
not team Cap friendly
But it is Sam friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Tony gets some things off his chest
Sam listens and thinks
Moderated because of trolls
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
