Work Text:
Turns out when you save half the universe, pretty much the whole universe wants to meet you, say thank you, be your friend, and throw you parties.This is how Tony Stark ends up in space with a bunch of the Avengers 3.0 at a semi-formal party hosted by the Nova Corps in Xandar’s new capitol city. Pretty much every Avenger but himself is in uniform, albeit sans masks where applicable. Tony could be too—his upgraded Bleeding Edge armor would be easy to dance in—but this is a weapons-free gala, and while Bucky probably has at least three knives stashed who-knows-where on his person, and Tony definitely saw Natasha wearing her widow bites and passing them off as fashion accessories, Tony doesn’t have room to judge or rat them out—he’s got his Mark LIII RT housing unit on under his blazer and Avengers t-shirt.His Stucky t-shirt, specifically. (Tony was delighted when Steve and Bucky’s celebrity couple portmanteau came out—doubly so when they both hated it.) It’s black, with half of Captain America’s patriotic shield emblazoned on the front, joined with half of Bucky’s reclaimed and updated Winter Soldier icon, a red star on a white background ringed with a thin line of blue and one of red. The two halves form a perfect super soldier circle right in the center of Tony’s chest. Tony loves this shirt. It’s an aesthetically striking graphic…and he likes the idea of wearing the marks of the two men he’s secretly been carrying a torch for, despite them obviously only having eyes for each other.Their ride-or-die friendship turned love story a century in the making makes far more logical sense than Tony’s attraction to two men he nearly murdered in a bunker in Siberia. But feelings aren’t logical, and living with Steve at the Compound during and after saving the universe together became living with Steve and Bucky at the Compound and Avenging together, and Tony’s determination not to like Bucky Barnes proved no match for his very own determined attempts to make the new Avengers a team through constant exposure via necessities accessible only through use of communal spaces, and semi-mandatory group bonding events.Tony’s worst enemy has always been himself, and he doesn’t see that changing.Anyway, Tony likes wearing this t-shirt for other reasons. For one thing, the first time Tony wore it, Steve got so wide-eyed and flustered he couldn’t focus enough to finish a sentence for almost three full minutes. His ears still turn pink every time he sees it, and Tony makes a point of wearing it when he knows they’ll be sparring since it throws Cap off his game. Conversely, wearing it has made Bucky more comfortable around Tony; FRIDAY ran the numbers, and Bucky talks to him and touches him more, with the same casual affection Bucky shows Steve and sometimes Nat when they’re hanging around the compound. It happens whenever Tony wears merch for either of them, actually—he may or may not have run a few harmless experiments after he noticed a pattern. His theories were, of course, correct.Unfortunately, he has no variable data; the other Avengers aren’t fans of wearing Avengers merch the way Tony is, though not for lack of Tony’s purchasing wearable merch for them.His t-shirt is the only outward sign Tony might be one of the Avengers this gala is being thrown for. Not wearing the suit has made him more or less invisible. Even though the Avengers are currently the only people from Earth at this gala, some of these aliens look just like Earth humans; and the pictures of Tony circulating the galaxy are of him in full Iron Man armor; so he’s been recognized far less often than the rest of the team.It’s been hilarious. It’s not often someone sees Tony Stark and doesn’t know who he is, and after the initial few hits to his ego, he took his anonymity and ran with it. No less than four people think Manhattan and Malibu are planets in the Milky Way galaxy by the time he finds himself speaking to a golden-skinned, golden-haired woman decked out in gold and a superior attitude common to many socialites in the circles Tony frequents.“Yeah, I flew in with them,” he tells the woman, who’s figured out he’s from Earth and asks about his relationship to the Avengers. “I’m kinda their version of Q, like from James Bond.” At her blank look, he hurries on. “Never mind, Earth pop culture icon. I just sorta assist, build, repair, bankroll, and try to make ‘em look good. I’m a glorified mechanic and sugar daddy.” Another blank look at this last term. Tony clears his throat and tries not to laugh. “Patron,” he clarifies. “Want me to introduce you to anyone?”“If you don’t mind,” she begins, and points to Steve and Bucky, who’re arm in arm and blatantly together, talking to Drax, Mantis, and a woman with a white up-do wearing military regalia that probably means something to the Nova Corps.Tony grins and approaches the group from an angle that’ll put him right in front of Steve. He grins harder when Steve notices his shirt and visibly flushes. When th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Accidental Marriage
Misunderstandings
Requited Unrequited Love
Avengers Merchandise
Marking
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Mantis tries to be a good bro
Drax tries to be a good bro
It's the thought that counts
Praise Kink
Light Dom/sub
Fade to Black
Propositions
Wedding Night
Tony Stark's milkshake brings everyone to the yard
Drax Being Drax
Pining
Getting Together
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Podfic Available
Polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

