Work Text:
It was so good.So good that Eddie could only bury his face in his pillow to muffle his groans as Venom lazily fucked into him, tendrils stroking every inch of bare skin reverently.Eddie didn’t think he’d ever get used to it.To being filled so perfectly, in every way imaginable, like he was a mold and Venom the molten steel being poured into it.Yet Eddie still wanted more.And had apparently said so out loud because the alien suddenly stopped his maddening undulations to inquire, “More what, Eddie?”“Ah, fuck.”He didn’t even know what he wanted, exactly. His brain was empty and sluggish and he had Venom to blame for that; after all, he had been the one to wake him up in the middle of the night with a tentacle up his ass.Not that Eddie was complaining in the slightest.Sharp claws raked his back, startling him. “I asked you a question,” rumbled the alien’s deep voice both behind and inside him.Eddie shivered. “Shit, I- I just want more. Of you. If that’s ok,” he added quickly.Venom clicked his tongue, which sounded a lot like the crack of a whip and made Eddie’s cock twitch. Then the alien sneered. “Now, Eddie, how come you’re so greedy? I’ve already made you mine numerous times.”“Yeah, I know, I’m yours,” Eddie confirmed way too quickly, rutting against the mattress. If Venom didn’t move again soon he’d lose his mind from frustration.But Venom’s mass only rippled with a pensive hum.And it dawned on Eddie.The bastard was acting like he was  considering  it. Like he was wondering if Eddie  deserved it and it shouldn’t turn him on but it did. A lot.Some sort of frantic desperation immediately overwhelmed Eddie, making his heart thump fast in his chest and his throat tighten. “Please, Vee, I-I need more,” he begged in a croaky voice. Fuck, since when was he so whiny?“Since the beginning, Eddie… I saw it in Anne’s memories. You’ve always been a whiny, needy little bitch who can never get enough.”Eddie moaned and pressed his burning face into the pillow, precum oozing out of his neglected dick. He yelped when he felt Venom’s wet tongue lap at the crease between his left ear and his skull.“Are you blushing?   Pitiful ,” the alien chuckled without an ounce of sincerity in his tone. He licked Eddie’s nape, where patches of red had descended, raising goosebumps in its wake.“Please, please, please,” Eddie repeated like it was the only word in his vocabulary, trying to get the tentacle to move again by thrusting back onto it.  He  heard  Venom’s vicious smile when he said, “Look at you, fucking yourself on my cock, as if you were worthy of it. But you’re not; you’re just a loser, Eddie.”Shame and pain briefly tugged at Eddie’s heart, even if he knew from their shared mindspace that Venom didn’t mean a word of it. The dichotomy between endless love and cruel words left him speechless.“You’re nothing without me, Eddie. Not anymore. Could you even come without my help? Would you use a toy and pretend it’s me?”Eddie outright sobbed.  Yellow , he thought as clearly as possible.Venom shut up and caressed his back to soothe him, working the knots in his shoulders, patiently waiting for Eddie to wind down. The tentacle also melted out of him.Eddie clenched down on nothing and made a disapproving noise before he could stop himself.“Humans,” the alien snickered. “So contradictory.” His claws moved down Eddie’s back before they gripped his ass cheeks, spreading them apart, the needle-like points almost breaking the skin. Eddie saw his own gaping hole through Venom’s eyes and moaned.No wonder he hadn’t felt anything when Venom had penetrated him during his sleep.He was wrecked .“That’s right, Eddie… You’re just warm, pliant flesh for me to slip into anytime I feel like it.”Eddie moaned pathetically. He was struggling to breathe and it wasn’t only due to his position, lying face down on the bed, Venom’s half-formed body straddling his thighs.“Tell me what you want, Eddie. I know you want something, but your brain is too confusing for me to read right now.”Eddie cursed. His skin was on fire, every nerve set aflame. He shook his head, whimpered, swallowed. Tried to speak, failed. Thought instead.
 Breed me. 
He felt the alien’s surprise as if it were his own, quickly replaced by a feral desire. And suddenly searing hot saliva was dripping into his hole, and a shiny, black tentacle thrust back into it.Eddie cried in relief and grasped the sheets, panting hard. He was so close.“Should have told me you were in heat,   pussy ,” Venom purred as loud as a V8 engine, teeth uncovered.Then the tentacle grew bigger as something smooth and spheric passed through it, pressing hard against Eddie’s entrance until it popped inside.Eddie bucked his hips reflexively and came with a wail, almost blacking out from the force of his orgasm.But Venom didn’t stop. Another  egg was pushed into him, pressing the other deeper inside him, then another, and another. Eddie lost count and just let Venom pump him full of as many eggs as he wanted while he cr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Anne Weying (mentioned)

freeform: 
Somnophilia
Verbal Humiliation
Dirty Talk
Oviposition
Consentacles
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Dick
Sub Eddie Brock
Bulges
Eggs
Eggpreg
Egg Laying
I'm Going to Hell
Tumblr Prompt
Drabble
Dom/sub
Safeword Use

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Anne Weying (mentioned)

