Work Text:
Bucky wakes the morning after the phone sex with a hard-on and a guilty conscience.The former goes away with a piss and a prayer, but the latter proves more difficult. It's tough to keep from feeling anxious as he retrieves his towel from the dryer (the 3 a.m. wake-up having served its purpose) and takes a long, hot shower, using a washcloth to scrub the crusted spunk from his torso and groin with as little touching as possible.Steve’s on his mind the whole time, a stone fruit feeling in his stomach, guilt creeping up his spine and telling him that he is doing Steve a disservice by being so needy. By being someone who takes without giving anything in return. That might not have meant much when Bucky had been paying for Steve’s time, but now that they’re in this…whatever this is, he feels bad for being selfish.He’s going to fix things on Friday. Show Steve that he can be both good and useful. Assuage his guilt as best he knows how. For now, though, he’s stuck in North Carolina, six days from seeing Steve again and determined to enjoy his break.Which, surprisingly, he does. As the weekend wears on, he remains on a high, from breakfast with his family on Saturday to the farewell barbecue on Monday night, during which his father nearly sets the wooden deck ablaze.On Tuesday, he flies home and makes it to work by noon, saving himself a precious four hours of PTO. Then, on Wednesday, he’s woken before his alarm by a text from Steve.It's nothing thrilling—a request for his email address so Steve can message him outside of the website's mail application. Bucky replies, and only after hitting send does he wonder if perhaps he should have created some cool, mysterious, sexy fake email account. But, shit, there aren't a lot of guys named Bucky in the world, so if Steve really wanted to fuck with him, he could have already.An email is waiting when he gets home from work. 


From: sgr91@cmail.com


To: bbarnes@cmail.com


Subject: Friday


Hi Bucky,


Hope the rest of your weekend was relaxing. Wanted to check in on a couple of things for Friday. #1, make sure you clean up before you come—not to spoil the surprise, but planning on using a plug. Wear jeans, whatever you want on top, preferably briefs underneath, but boxers are fine if that's all you've got. Bring soft clothes for after. Text me when you arrive, and I'll come get you.


BTW, I’m still relying on the form you filled out, but we can amend it (already amending sexual contact, ofc). Attaching my latest STD results for your benefit, feel free to send yours if you have them, otherwise I’ll use gloves. Totally willing to continue our arrangement regardless of your status, but forewarned is forearmed.


If you have questions, you can email me or text me. I’ll see you Friday.


- S

 Bucky reads the message four times, gleaning new information with each pass. A close inspection of Steve’s email address reveals a few things. The meaning of S is obvious, while the G and the R? Most likely initials. Then there’s ninety-one—birth year? That would make sense, considering he’s pegged Steve in his mid-to-late-twenties.The content of the email has plenty of lines to read between, too. ‘Clean up’ is obvious, as is the plug, and Bucky could do a little dance of glee about that. It’s not a guarantee of sex, but like…it could be! Soft clothes for afterward indicates that he’ll be hurting, which is honestly what he’s most excited about,  and the note about amending the form is intriguing.And then there’s the stuff about the test results. Bucky appreciates Steve’s unself-conscious acknowledging of their reality, and he opens the attachment to find a PDF with black boxes over most personal details. All that’s revealed is Steve’s full first name (with a V, no PH), and his date of birth: July 4th, 1991. Which is hilarious. Who ever actually was born on the fourth of July?(Statistically, lots of people, but that doesn’t make it less funny.)The results themselves indicate that Steve is disease free. Bucky takes a moment to dig out the results of his own most recent test, covering the super private details with Post-It notes before snapping a picture and sending it to himself. He then attaches the image to a reply that consists of, "sounds great, see you then!"After that, he books an appointment at his favorite clinic, because that ‘recent' test had been done six months prior, right after Evan had ended things. Bucky has been on Grindr…a couple times since then. Unfortunately, the clinic can't see him until the next Tuesday so yeah, maybe Steve will just have to use gloves.When Friday finally rolls around, Bucky sneaks out of work at 4:30, feigning a stomachache. It’s not a total lie, as he has been jittery and anxious all afternoon. He heads home to shower, then spends far longer than he’s willing to admit futzing with his hair in front of the bathroom mirror. Which, sue him: he’s vain about it. No male pattern baldness in the Barnes family, no sir.His outfit, on the other
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
BDSM
Sex Work
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Over the Knee
Spanking
Riding Crops
Cock Slapping
Tickling
Hair-pulling
Praise Kink
Butt Plugs
Orgasm Control
Hand Jobs
Aftercare
Blink and you'll miss her Natasha
Someone is catching feels
POV Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

