Chapter 1: A Happy Accident
    




Chapter Text
Peter sat underneath the tree flipping through his textbook as he read the assigned chapter for the upcoming meeting that afternoon. He had already read it previously but found that by going over it a second time before a meeting allowed for him to really gain a better understanding of what his Doctorate advisor was talking about. And to keep up in a meeting with Dr Bruce Banner, thorough research was a must. Usually, he would study at the nearby library, but after having been cooped up for most of the day working Peter felt the need to get outside into the sunshine.Continuing to scribble notes throughout the textbook, the university student got so absorbed by his research that it was only the loud crack of thunder that alerted him to the dark rain clouds gathering above him.“Blast.” He mumbled under his breath and scrambled to gather all of his belongings back into his backpack. Once everything has been stuffed inside, Peter got to his feet and began walking swiftly towards the exit of the park closest to his bus stop. It was by keeping his eyes focussed on the ground that allowed him to notice something shiny and silver poking out of a bush on the side of the path. Hesitantly he drew to a stop, before walking closer for further investigation.It looked like the corner of a metal briefcase poking out from being covered by sticks, leaves and the bush itself to hide it. Kneeling down, Peter carefully pulled it out closer towards him. It seemed like an ordinary metal briefcase, quite heavy to lift, and no obvious identification to whom it belonged too. Just as he was about to try to open it, thunder rumbled overhead and rain began pouring down, instantly soaking through the top layer of his clothes.Swearing out loud, Peter picked up the briefcase and ran as quickly as he could out of the park and across the road to the undercover bus stop, arriving just in time to be picked up by the scheduled bus.***Scrambling into his shitty run-down apartment, Peter threw both his backpack and the metal briefcase on his ratty lounge before heading into his bedroom to get changed out of his wet clothes into something dry. Pulling on a pair of comfortable lounge pants and floppy hoody jumper, Peter grabbed the toolbox hidden away in his closet and went to investigate the briefcase. The whole ride home on the bus the puzzle of who it belonged to and what was inside had tantalised him, and now he was determined to find out.Flopping onto the couch, Peter pulled the briefcase onto his lap and began investigating how to open it. Interestingly, there was no obvious way of unlocking the briefcase. No locks, no latches, no number dials, no touchpad, just a smooth metal cover with a black seam where it opened up and a metal handle. Slowly and methodically, Peter ran his hands over the briefcase paying attention to the slightest difference in texture along its surface until he came across an area that had a slightly tougher grip on its surfaceMoving the case around to get a better look, the curious young man examined the area thinking on how next to act. Biting his bottom lip, Peter pressed down hard on the location. With a loud click, what he had thought as metal turned into a touchscreen with the word “Fe” lighting up the screen. Touching the pad, a keyboard appeared on the screen which then asked for a password. Shrugging, Peter leant forward and typed in the word ‘Ferrum’ and pressed enter. With a loud pop, the top of the briefcase released and opened up. Looking inside to see what it held Peter felt his heart began to race alarmingly.It was money. And lots of it. More than he had ever seen in his life, and on the top, a single white business card reading,
‘You know who I am’
On the opposite side of the card was a phone number. Peter quickly pulled out the business card then slammed shut the lid, throwing the briefcase away from him. The urge to take some of that money was overwhelming but was probably not a good idea. Thoughts began to race in his mind over what he’d just seen and what it could possibly mean.
‘I need to ring the police, no…wait… what if it is drug money and whoever owns it comes looking for it and I tell them I took it to the police. I’d be killed! Dammit, I should never have picked it up.’
He flipped the card over hand over in his hands as he contemplated what his next action should be.
‘What if I ring the person on the card. This has to belong to them. Tell them to come to pick it up in a public location and lessen the chance of getting caught up in anything……Yeah, that is probably the best way to go about it.'
Leaning over to his backpack, Peter pulled out his mobile phone and called the number on the card. The phone rang a couple of times before someone picked up.“Speak.” Came a demanding male voice.“Ah, yes hi. Um, I think I found a briefcase that belongs to you. It was left at a park in some bushes…” Peter began to ramble when he was interrupted by the person 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Phil Coulson
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Precious Peter Parker
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Bruce Banner
Dark Natasha Romanov
Dark Thor (Marvel)
Dark Clint Barton
Dark Phil Coulson
Dark James 'Bucky' Barnes
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Tony Stark
Stalking
Coercion
Dubious Consent
controlling Tony Stark
Mob Boss Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Porn
Mindfuck
Emotional Manipulation
I'm Going to Hell
But What A Ride!
Obsessive Tony Stark
Possessive Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Phil Coulson
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

