Work Text:
Loki hated the idea of soulmates. Not because it wasn’t romantic in it’s own way - or that it wasn’t impossibly wonderful to have someone out there in the world meant just for you - but with how soul marks worked, he couldn’t help but believe the idea was really just a cruel twist of Fate. Not that he’d ever accuse Her of such a thing out loud. But really - who thought it was a kindness to say, the other half of your soul is out there, but you won’t know for certain until they are dying. Because that’s what soul marks were - the last words your soulmate would say to you before their death. Loki hated it. He hated it more because of his words - words that faded in and out of focus unlike anyone else’s he knew of - but were always present and he was fairly certain that he must be destined for a mad person because his words were as such;Together or not at all. After everything he’d been through, the words were hardly a comfort. Sometimes, he couldn’t help but wonder what words he’d left on his Fated - if they were equally as possessive - equally as threatening - or if in some impossible twist he would actually welcome death like this stranger seemed to. He had no idea that he’d already met his fated. They, however, were very much aware of just who they were tied to.  >>> Harry had always known that whoever his soulmate was, they were not afraid of dying, because the single word printed on his skin, was Finally. When he’d been younger, it had just been another thing for the Dursley’s to taunt him with - that his soulmate would be so happy to be rid of him they would welcome death. During the war against Voldemort, he thought maybe it was because they were being tortured and only finally allowed the release of death. When he himself died - he realized that the other possibility was that whoever his soulmate was, they would also greet Death as an old friend. Upon accepting the mantle of Master of Death, he realized that his soulmate was probably as immortal as he was.  >>> When the first echo of pain radiated in the back of his mind, a connection to another mind millions of miles away, Harry was no longer resentful of the fact that he was unlike anybody else he’d ever known, because once again Fate had intervened on his behalf, and while most people weren’t aware of exactly who their soulmate was until they were dying, he had been given the tools to know beforehand. He wasn’t about to waste the chance. He knew his soulmate wasn’t dead - knew that death was just a possibility - hovering on the periphery, waiting for the opportunity - and this is how Harry had heard. This was how Harry had felt the torment the one his soul was bound to was feeling. With only a thought, he summoned Death, and the figure that appeared didn’t bother with greetings. “You wish to find him then? Your fated?” and Harry nodded, grin vicious and bright. “Of course. What can you tell me about the one that hurts him?” Because he’d noted that Death had given him at least the gender of his fated. “He is captured by the Titan, Thanos.” there was no missing the distaste of Death’s tone. Harry’s aura because visibly more antagonistic. “The Mad Titan courts us. Offers souls as seduction.” Harry’s grin was feral, though he had no idea the violence he was showing, or just why the emotion he could feel from Death was pride.“He wishes to seduce, does he? Is it us he is really after, or just you?” Harry enquired, though not rudely. He just wanted to know where he stood with whoever he was about to face. “He thinks himself eternal. It is me, as an Eternal, that he courts.” Death’s next words were almost smug. “I do not think he understands that I am bound to another. That you are my Master. He does not know that you are as Eternal as I.” and that was a warning that he could indeed become part of the Mad Titan’s desire. “So he offers me souls who have not yet reached their time. Souls who have not reached the end of their fate. He disturbs the balance.”“Hmm. Well not with my soulmate.” He could actually feel Death’s grin.  >>> “Thanos - you’ve harmed the wrong being.”“Who are you to decide such things?” He laughed, the sound echoing, nearly mad, ringing with power. Power, and rage.“Me? Oh, I’m the Master of Death. And if you continue on this course, I will erase you from existence.”The returning laugh was mocking, disbelieving. “You are but mortal. You are no threat to me.” but there was curiosity there too. “If you want the godling, you are welcome to try and take him.” The offering grin was bright and vicious. “As he is mine, I would have nothing less. If I feel your taint upon his mind again, if you hurt him again, I will come for you. I will kill you.”The Titan had no chance to argue because both man and godling disappeared. Though disgruntled, he would not allow such a minor thing to stand in the way of his plans. He would gather the stones. Death would be his.  >>> “You can’t hear me, but I promise you are safe. I will take the presence fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
though just
and technically this ends at the beginning of IW
but it's setting up for no IW so
Master of Death Harry Potter
BAMF Harry Potter
Protective Harry Potter
Fate has a favourite child and his name is Harry Potter
Temporary Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Probably ooc
super crack
somewhat treated seriously
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

