Chapter 1: bad break
    


Summary:

weasel just wants to go back to bed





Chapter Text
“Got a job for you,” Weasel says as soon as Wade picks up the phone, no preamble. “Yay!” Wade squeals, way too much falsetto for this early in the morning. “What’s it pay? Is it fun? Who’s the client?” “Nada, nope, and me.” “Whaaaat? I’ll give you the bestie discount.  Comrade Coupon? Main Man Markdown ? Nah, now I’m trying too hard. Anyway, what do you need me to do? Did someone cheat you outta somethin’? Do they need to die or just a booty beatin’?” “No, it - wait, booty beatin’?” Weasel is sickened and amused, as he often is while talking to Wade. “Fuck, man, just say ass kicking, what is wrong with you?” “You know how much is wrong with me, it’s just rude to ask me to make a list when you  know  how I feel about lists. I was just trying something new.” It’s kind of funny, but Weasel is obligated to give Wade a hard time about everything. “Sounds like a beanie baby is going around committing adorable yet disturbing violence, and no one wants that, Wade. Not a single person.” “Really? You can’t think of  anyone  that might be into that?” Weasel leans against the stainless steel prep table, thoughtful. “Maybe someone with some kind of yandere-agalmato-guro fetish, but you’re distracting me from my original point, damn you.” “Right! Your job! Who do I gotta take care of?” “The dishes,” Weasel glances at the pile of them, then clarifies. “At Hellhouse.” Wade is quiet for several seconds, then sounds way too chipper to be taking this seriously.“I haveta say, I wasn’t expecting that, so A plus for taking my breath away! But I’m also going to have to hard pass. I barely even do my own.” “Come  on ,” Weasel whines at him, hoping he can annoy him into submission. It’s worked once or twice, but dishes were a Big Ask. “Matteo straight up died on the floor last night in the middle of washing them. I just found him this morning.” “Aw, man, Matteo? Not  Matteo! ” Wade cries loudly enough that Weasel has to hold the phone away from his ear. “He was one of the...okay, kinda shitty ones. Great dishwasher though.” “Eh, so so.” “He still there?” “Oh, yeah,” Weasel confirms, still not happy about having to deal with rude-ass, nosy cops first thing in the morning. His Irish Coffee hadn’t even kicked in yet. “They’re putting him in a bodybag soon but he’s still there. Just...just  looking  at me.” “God, they didn’t even close his eyes?  Brutal . Ooh, put him on the phone. I wanna say goodbye.” “I’m not doing that.” “Fair. I’ll just yell then. Hold the receiver out for me.” “Receiver? The fuck? This is a smart phone, you animal. And I’m still not doing that.” “You’re no fun,” Wade pouts. “Since when were you no fun?” “Pretty sure yelling at corpses isn’t my idea of fun. At least not sober.”“You’re standing next to a dead body while calling me in to replace him. Not sure yelling at him is much of a stretch,” Wade tells him lightly, not sounding at all insulted. He never quite does, even when Weasel tries. “And let’s not pretend you don’t have whiskey in your hand.” “Touché.” “Okay,  weeeell , good luck with your dishes and toodle -” “ Wade ,” Weasel groans, not above vying for pity. “My hands are way too dainty for this job. Yours are disgusting, and you’ll heal up like you never had to touch old, wet, leftover food.” “Oh, flattery!” Wade chirps, and he doesn’t even sound sarcastic even though he must be, the bastard. “Just hire someone else.”“Before tonight? We open in five hours!” “I better let you get to it then,” Wade says, flat and low to show how much he means it. Fuck, that really means he’s not going to do it. Weasel shouldn’t have gotten out of bed today. “Seriously?” He complains, “You’re just going to leave me to deal with this but you’d have murdered someone for me at the drop of a ballsack?” Sometimes making Wade laugh helps his situation. The guy is crazy and acts on sudden whims more often than not, so Weasel can only hope. “Good one!” Wade encourages him, the vocal equivalent of finger guns. “Yeah, my good dude, I’m not doing your dead guy dishes. Gross.” “You,” Weasel says miserably. “are a terrible friend.” “Aw, I love you too.” Wade hangs up. For the next several minutes, Weasel is left to figure out how Craigslist works. As a criminal, he thinks he should be better at traversing sites like this, but he hadn’t been able to sell that lamp six years ago either, so. He should have just done it on his computer, because on his phone he’s too lazy to correct his spelling or capitalize properly. It’s pretty creepy and scammy by the time he submits it, but he figures that he needs someone desperate enough to apply for the position. He adds ‘ not a scam. Immediate hire .’ to the end of it before hitting submit, then tries to get the rest of his opening tasks done, just in case he really does have to do them all himself. While considering the pros and cons of just letting his customers drink out of dirty glasses - he’s pretty sur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Jack Hammer & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
False Accusations
Law Enforcement
Crimes & Criminals
Trans Male Character
Trans Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Jack Hammer
Protective Wade Wilson
Eventual Romance
Friendship
Family
Superfamily
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter Parker has ADHD
Mental Health Issues
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Recreational Drug Use
Depression
Banter
Sarcasm
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Canon-Typical Violence
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Secret Identity
Assassins & Hitmen
Everyone Has Issues
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Can't Keep Secrets
Hurt Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Dom/sub Undertones
Praise Kink
Explicit Sexual Content
American Politics
Solitary Confinement
Transphobia
which there is immediate cathartic retribution for

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Jack Hammer & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson

