Work Text:
It was a calm Monday for Peter when it happened. He had gotten up on time for once. He made his bus. He was even able to avoid Flash at lunch. He walked into his last class of the day with a smile on his face. Nothing could go wrong.Then it did.“Alright class, please put your phones away. I have a special announcement; I have been lucky enough to have been selected for a very special field trip. This class will spend Friday at—drumroll please— Stark Tower” announced Mr. Harrington.The quiet of the classroom broke a multitude of conversations. This was the opportunity of a lifetime, so everyone was excited. Everyone, that is, except our beloved spider boy.Peter was in a state of shock; his class would be taking a trip to his work in less than a week. This was going to be a disaster! His class only knew that he had an internship, if they believed that much, not that he was the freakin’ CEO in training! Flash turned to Peter with a smirk plastered on his face, “So, penis, you gonna come clean now or do we have to wait for Friday to make everyone see that you’re a phony.”Seeing Flash’s expression only furthered Peter’s belief that he was undeniably screwed, but Flash took his expression as confirmation that he was right and turned away before Pete had a chance to reply.Friday was going to be amazing. Maybe May will let me skip? With that hopefully thought Peter made his way through a short patrol and then back to his apartment.
—-
May would not let him skip. In fact, to make sure that he couldn’t “lose” the slip she gave it to a much too enthusiastic Ned to give to the teacher. Ned knew about Peter’s plight and was entirely unsympathetic. ‘Oh well,’ thought Peter, ‘I can just beg the other employees to act like I’m a normal intern. That will work right? I’ve just got to make sure that Mr. Stark doesn’t find out about the trip. He’ll try something for sure.’ Planning a prank filled retribution for Ned and May’s lack of sympathy, Peter made his way to the main lobby of the tower. “Hey, Ghost Lady? What’s my schedule look like this week?” “Hello, Peter, this week you have a small project for R&D, but, otherwise, you have “Peter time” scheduled for each department. Mr. Stark sends his *cough*insincere*cough* apologizes but he can’t do any training for a few days.” Friday replied warmly to the gangly, young teen.“I figured that he would reschedule, I saw the avengers on the news. Mr. Stark seemed a bit beat up is he alright?” Peter asked, scared for his idol’s health.“Boss is fine, Mrs. Potts was simply unhappy with all the stress he has been under and his lack of sleep so she’s making him take a forced break.” Peter could swear he heard a smile in the robot’s voice. “In the meantime, Mrs. Potts asked that you keep the company from blowing up. She said that you know what to do, but if it gets to be too much then you can contact them.”“Thanks, Fri! Mr. Stark is such a hypocrite! The other day he was scolding me for how little sleep I get but he’s worse than I ever plan to be.” Peter’s continued rant lead him to the R&D department and Pete opened the door just as he finished with “... I know that the guy is now my mentor or something and I’ve worshipped the man since I was a kid, but he keeps on pulling these dad moments, it’s getting weird.”Peter heard the masculine voice of his boss, Aiden Miller, as he slipped into the main room. “Well, the big boss might quit if you weren’t so cute, but, alas, you’re doomed to forever be the little brother of the building.” Aiden grinned at the pout that appeared on Peter’s face. “Oh, yeah, do that. The pout makes you look so mature.”Peter quickly fixed his face (as much as possible with his massive blush) before replying, “Well, Mr. Miller, this baby-faced-wonder has a question for you.”“What do you need Pete?”“Well, this Friday my class is coming on the field trip and half of them don’t even believe I work here, let alone my special work, so I was hoping you could get the guys to treat me like a normal intern that day and not mention the whole CEO in training thing?”Seeing how uncomfortable Peter was about this Aiden was quick to offer his assurances that he would talk to everyone. Relived, Peter finished up his project for the day quickly and moved onto his second task.Peter went on from the R&D department and in each if the departments he knew would be part of the trip he explained again. By Thursday evening Peter had warned all the necessary staff and was pretty sure he had remained off Mr. Stark’s radar, as far as the trip was concerned. He was as ready as possible for whatever came his way so Peter went back to his apartment to get a fitful night’s rest.
—-
“Alright class,” Mr. Harrington exclaimed, “in just a couple blocks we will be at the entrance to Stark Tower, so be ready to get off quickly. We need to make the most of the time we have here, so don’t forget the rules and try to stay out of trouble.”Peter tuned his teacher out as they continued towards his wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & SI employees

freeform: 
Intern Peter Parker
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Interns & Internships
Field Trip
cause I'm in love with the trope
Irondad
SI adopts Peter as their own

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & SI employees

