Work Text:
People don't give Bucky Barnes shit.To be fair, people don't talk to Bucky Barnes full stop, and Steve thinks that must be kinda sad - but then again no one really talks to him either unless they're about to punch him in the face which. You know. Not so brilliant.Their school's full of cliques and groups, and you'd think Bucky would be part of one. He's slim, good looking, with a charming smirk, a safety pin in his left ear lobe and thick, black eyeliner smeared about his eyes. But Steve's seen him - because Steve sees everyone, that's sort of the advantage of being a hundred pounds and five-four; he's contemplating putting becoming wallpaper on his college applications as a special skill - talking with the other punk kids at school. Some dumb gang ran by that bully Pierce; they call themselves Hydra and sell drugs to freshman kids. They'd approached him out on the sports field from where Barnes had been lounging up against a tree, chainsmoking and reading a comic book; whatever Pierce had asked him, it'd gotten him a facefull of cigarette smoke for his troubles.Steve had liked that.Barnes, at least, seems to be solitary by choice. He barely turns up to class, will eat outside whether it's raining, snowing or it's eighty-six degrees out and he's wearing a leather jacket.Steve, on the other hand, has at least tried.But he's not arty enough for the art kids, doesn't wear thick-framed glasses or big sweaters, isn't quite smart enough to hang around with the geeks - besides, he makes them a target, and he understands the sense of self-preservation that makes them avoid him, at least. He's head of the LGBT society, which is nice, but he's also the only member. So, when he works out that he's not likely to make friends any time soon, he does his best to fade into the background. Doesn't make eye contact in the hallways, doesn't answer questions in class, eats a packed lunch in the bathrooms, in general keeps his head down -(And, well, if he spends a little too long staring at Bucky Barnes every now and then, who's gonna know?)Unfortunately, keeping his mouth shut isn't exactly his forte. When he was a kid, his mom used to tell him you got the voice of a boy twice your size, kiddo, and it's gonna get you in trouble some day. Which is the understatement of the century, to be honest, but he's at least gotten a little better at keeping to himself.But there's some kids - not even that stupid Hydra lot; it's some of the senior jocks with footballs bigger than their brains who wear their Letterman jackets like some weird, elitist badge of pride - picking on a girl in the hallway. She's a freshman, maybe, tiny kid, looking desperately like she's trying not to cry as the football players hold her books half a foot above her outstretched arm, and whilst her friends are mingled in among the crowd, looking a little worried, they're not stupid enough to wade into the fray with a bunch of kids twice their size.He's not going to get involved. Really. Except one of them reaches out and shoves the girl, her shoulders slamming back against the lockers, and he's moving before he's really thinking.'Hey! What the hell's your problem?' He snaps out, the crowd rumbling with discontent as he shoves through the fray of bodies to glare up - really up, he's about the same size as the freshman girl, and there's a quiet voice in the back of his head asking the fuck are you thinking, Rogers? He ignores it - at the thick-skulled jock.'You say something, Rogers?' The boy snorts, turning away as Steve narrows his eyes, studying the bully closely, searching for a name.'I don't know, Harold, but if you're gonna be stealing books off of people half your size, maybe you should try reading them once in a while. Might extend your vocabulary beyond that of a fifth grader,' Steve snaps. Because he's an idiot, and apparently in the last twenty seconds he's forgotten Harold comes flanked with an entire football team, all of whom are twice is size and essentially specialise in tackling people to the ground for fun.The punch comes before he can really process the movement, the crowd erupting into noise, shouts and screams of encouragement rattling around the small hallway as pain blossoms across his face. He staggers, almost falls, swipes a hand under his nose and stares at the blood smeared across the back of his wrist, crimson and ugly. Forcing himself up, he ducks from another swinging fist, snatches an abandoned folder and uses it to block the next punch - only to have it wrenched from his hand and thrown to the side, papers scattering.The locker connects with his shoulder blades sharply as he's lifted off the ground, the material of his shirt bunched up as Harold sneers at him, face too close now - and Steve's pretty sure he can hear the rattle of his chest, tries to ignore the panic sneaking coldly through his stomach as he spits a mixture of saliva and blood to the floor.'I can do this all day,' he croaks at Harold and the room at large, at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
AU
Punk!Au
punk!bucky
High School AU
pre-serum!Steve
background Tony/Pepper
background clint/natasha - Freeform
background sam/riley
background Thor/Jane
grumpy bucky
PUNK BUCKY
bucky coming to save the day
basically bucky being a humungous badass
also steve saving the day and being a giant badass
they're both totally badass and adorable
this may actually be more fluffy than the other au fic i wrote
ah jaysus
punk!bucky/small!steve
steve/bucky au
Swearing
Awkward Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

