Work Text:
Peter was very, very nervous.Today was May twenty-ninth, and it was currently six thirty in the morning. Peter lay awake in his bed, staring up at the roof, three perfectly wrapped presents sitting on his desk with a card on top as his stomach churned with nerves. He was that nervous that the sickening feeling had morphed into his dreams, which had therefore woken him up nearly two hours ago. He had been unable to fall back asleep since then, and the fear and anxiety that was constantly running through his mind making him want to vomit.He laid there until he could not stand the churning feeling any longer, finally sitting up and running a hand through his bed hair. His eyes found the presents in the darkness, the only light being the little that was streaming through his closed curtains. It wasn't the presents themselves that was giving him all the anxiety, it was the little card hidden in one of them that was making all of his senses go haywire.Inside of the biggest present, a hand-made picture album Peter had made, there was a card. Tony's actual birthday card, the one on top being a false one, the real one hidden within the album. Peter was going to ask Tony to adopt him.Just the thought made his stomach lurch, his hands trembling when he ran them through his hair for a second time. He was sure that Tony would already be up and in the lab, like he always was, despite how many times he had been told to go sleep. Sometimes Tony slept, and Peter knew because he was always there with him. It was some of his favourite moments with his mentor, and that sealed Peter's choice of wanting Tony to adopt him.To Peter, Tony wasn't really his mentor anymore. Now, it just sounded strange to say. It was a little scary to think that Peter had begun to think of Tony as his Dad after all of these years, but he really couldn't think of him as anything else. Tony had taken him in when May died, and even before then he had never felt something like this since Uncle Ben.So, it felt right to ask such a huge question.But at the same time, it was fucking terrifying.Peter dragged himself into the bathroom, immediately stripping down and stood under the hot water, taking as long as he possibly could. He had this entire thing planned out.He would go down to the lab, assuming that his mentor/father figure was down there. He would make sure they were alone before he gave the presents, which he knew they would be, because everyone was coming over at twelve on the dot. The thing was, Tony didn't know that, and was most likely thinking he would spend his forty-eighth birthday down in his lab with his bots and Peter.If Tony actually thought that was what was happening, he was naive for thinking that Peter would allow that.Once he was finished with his shower, he quickly got dressed and gathered the presents in his arms, balancing all three of them as he made his way over to the door. He paused when he got there, taking a deep breath, his heart pounding loudly in his ears as he used his elbow to open the door, all the while talking to FRIDAY."Where is Mr. Stark?" Peter asked, knowing that it had to be around seven now. "Boss is currently in the lab. Would you like me to let him know that you're coming?""No, don't. I want this to be a surprise." Peter replied quickly, swallowing down all of his nerves and hurried over to the lift as quickly as he could. He almost had a heart attack when he tripped over his own foot, using his senses and quick reflexes to save both himself and the presents he had balanced in his arms, sighing in relief when none of the presents went flying onto the floor. He'd rather not break the cup he had personalised just for Tony, sighing in relief when he made it to the open lift doors without any fatalities. "What is he doing?""Mr. Stark is currently working on his nanotech Iron Man suit." FRIDAY replied automatically, the doors closing and sealing Peter's fate. Either this was going to go down really well or really bad, and he could only imagine the thousands of possibilities. Holding the album at the bottom of his stack felt like he was holding a weight, all of his anxiety and worrying all heading straight for that present particularly. Not only had he been working on that album since Tony's last birthday, when he had gotten the idea, but there was something so much more important than the hundreds of pictures he had taken in secret.No, the request for adoption wasn't in official forms, because Tony would know about that if Peter had gone through with that. But there was that simple question that made Peter want to empty everything out of his stomach, even if he hadn't eaten anything since yesterday. Even then, he had hardly been able to eat anything because he was so nervous. Tony had looked at him strange, asked him if he was feeling sick, and Peter hadn't lied. Yes, he had been feeling sick. Everything he tried to eat left a bad taste in his mouth. But that was because he was nervous as fuck for the nex
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Cute Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
he gets one
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Peter Parker-centric
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adoption
Birthday
Birthday Presents
Birthday Fluff
Crying
Happy Ending
Father-Son Relationship
Domestic Fluff
No Infinity War
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Feels
Cute
Nerves
Anxiety
happy tears
Family Fluff
Family Feels
i thought of this and had to write it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

