Work Text:



"Love is for children."

- Natasha Romanoff, The Avengers
“I love you.”Those are not the first words the man from the bridge says when he corners the asset.  He says many things as he approaches, hands out, weaponless, words that spill over the asset alongside a tide of unidentifiable emotions.  “You’re safe,” the man says, and “I won’t hurt you,” and “Bucky,” and “Bucky, Bucky, Bucky,” until it no longer sounds like a name or even a word.  It is an inevitability, a promise that this man will not stop pursuing him, but it isn’t until he says “You’re my best friend and I love you,” that the asset stops searching for an escape. The man’s hand is on his shoulder, drawing him close, and the asset is hugged tight against his broad chest, the same hand running up and down his back as “I’ve got you, Bucky, I’ve got you,” is whispered in his ear.  The asset does not think to pull away.  The only thing he can think of is love.  He does not know what it means to love, but he knows how to imitate it.  That lesson was likely learned with his head held down in his master’s lap. He thought he had envisioned all possible outcomes of this pursuit, but that the man on the bridge might want to play his daddy’s games is not something the asset ever imagined. HYDRA is exposed and Pierce is dead.  This man seeks to take his place.  The asset allows himself to be led, almost at ease now that he knows what to expect from this familiar stranger.  He can be a good boy and a good weapon.  He can ignore the screaming in his head and do as he is told.  And he will be safe and protected and cared for. There are worse things, the asset thinks.  He doesn’t know what, but there must be. *The man from the bridge calls himself Steve and takes the asset, whom he calls Bucky, to a tower.  When they arrive the man from the helicarrier who’d had wings is there, as is a red-haired woman Bucky thinks he shot.  There are others, a SHIELD agent named Barton, a Dr. Banner, and a man who introduces himself as “Tony Stark, proud owner of the Avengers Tower for misfits and frozen super soldiers, can I show you to your room, snowflake?” There is a sound in Bucky’s mind like broken glass over dead leaves and he pins Tony Stark to the wall, metal arm shoving into his throat.  It takes Steve, Barton, and Banner to pull him away and once they have him, he goes slack, awaiting a beating or a chair with restraints, or a combination of the two. But all they do is ask why he attacked.  Bucky doesn’t know why.  He can’t determine the source of his rage and he can’t grasp the lack of punishment for it or the lack of freezing or memory wipes in the days that follow. If they want him as a child rather than a weapon, their actions almost make sense.  Little boys—bad little boys—are erratic, and he becomes erratic without recalibration.  But every time he thinks they are initiating a game, it abruptly ends.  Banner will beckon him over to teach Bucky meditation and redirect him when he tries to sit in the man’s lap.  Barton will ask him to help cook and then move his hands if Bucky tries to suck the sauce from his fingers.  And whenever Steve says good night, he does so from a doorway, leaving down the hall before Bucky can get up and say it back properly. This is a test, he decides.  His last Daddy hadn’t wanted him to be a little boy all the time either; Bucky just knew deep down when it was wanted.  These people are waiting for him to have that knowing for their own desires. He thinks he has finally figured it out when Steve brings him the bear. * “Hey Buck.”  Steve is leaning in the doorway when Bucky looks up from putting new sheets onto the bed.  “Mind if I come in?” Bucky does not flinch because flinching is a manipulation.  He has been here for sixteen days and has managed to actually sleep on six occasions, last night included.  And every time, when he comes around paralyzed from nightmares he can’t recall upon waking, he is cold and drenched.  One of the few practical, nonlethal skills his mind remembers is how to do laundry, and it’s likely his ability to clean up after himself that has kept him from punishment for so long. But punishment was inevitable.  Good boys don’t wet the bed. With a nod, Bucky debates how to position himself.  It depends on the punishment, doesn’t it? Steve doesn’t have a belt, so he’s either going to be hit or turned over the man’s knee.  Maybe he should remain standing until he’s told where to go, but his legs are suddenly shaky and weak and he ends up sitting on the mattress. Steve sits beside him.  “I know this is gonna sound hokey,” he says.  “And feel free to slug me if you need to, but I thought this might help.” It’s only then that Bucky notices the thing Steve’s holding.  It’s a teddy bear.  It looks small, but everything looks small in Steve’s hands.  The bear is golden brown and wearing an outfit of blue and red.  “It’s a Bucky Bear,” Steve says, and his face tinges pink.  “They, uh, they started making them
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Abuse
Past Brainwashing
Bed-Wetting
Hurt/Comfort
Daddy Kink
Healing
Past Sexual Abuse
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
None
