Work Text:
Tony wakes up. He blinks around at the well-lit room around him—soft blue walls, clean sheets on his bed. There’s medical equipment around him, beeping steadily with his heartbeat.He isn’t worried, but he is confused.He has no idea where he is.A hospital, he thinks, but he doesn’t know how he knows that.Actually, the more he thinks, the more he realizes that he doesn’t know... anything.His name is Tony. He’s in a hospital room. There’s a dull ache building at the back of his head.That’s it. He closes his eyes and concentrates, tries to remember how he got here, but there’s nothing before he opened his eyes.“Tony?”Tony jerks his eyes open, looks at the dark-haired woman suddenly standing in front of his bed.“Hi,” he says.“Hi,” she replies, smiling a little. “I’m Dr. Helen Cho.”Tony tries to think if the name is familiar. Or if it should be familiar. It isn’t, so he says, “Nice to meet you.”Dr. Cho hums. “Yes. About that. I suspected based on the MRI results from this morning, but this confirms it. Tony, you have full retrograde amnesia. It is temporary. We’re finding a solution.”Tony frowns. “How do you already know it’s temporary if I’ve just woken up?”Dr. Cho doesn’t seem surprised by his blunt question. In fact, her little smile grows just a bit.“The cause of your amnesia is not from blunt force trauma or a deterioration in the hippocampus, but another source that I feel is best not to disclose at this time. I’ve consulted another doctor with your case and he assures me that there is a solution that will fully restore your memories, it will just take a few days to take effect.”“That sounds suspicious as heck, but I guess I’ll take your word for it, Doc. You seem like you know what you’re talking about.”“I do. That’s why you hired me,” Helen says simply. That’s news to Tony. He thinks about his response for a moment.“And the other doctor. I hired them, too?”“Dr. Strange is a... colleague of yours. He wanted to help.” Tony raises an eyebrow, a retort on the tip of his tongue, but Cho keeps speaking. “Would you like to see your family now, Tony?”Tony freezes. He... he has a family? Are they worried about him? Do they know he has amnesia... that he can’t remember them?What if they get mad that he can’t remember them?His mouth is suddenly dry. He swallows hard.“Do they know?” He whispers.“I’ll warn them before they come in,” Helen assures him. When Tony continues to stare at the door with wide eyes, she adds, “They’re very worried about you, Tony. They’d like to see you.”“Right. Ok. Umm... bring them in, I guess.”Helen leaves. Tony tugs at the blanket over his lap, his stomach fluttering with nerves as he waits for someone else to show up. He has no idea who to expect.Does he have a spouse? Are his parents alive? Siblings, maybe? None of those feel right, but does that mean anything?The door opens again and Tony’s jaw drops a little bit.The woman walking toward him is easily the most beautiful person he has ever seen. Her long strawberry blonde hair falls over her shoulders, her blue eyes wide as she hurries over to him.“Tony,” she murmurs, sitting on the edge of his bed. She puts one hand on the side of his face, worrying at her bottom lip with her teeth.“Umm,” he breathes intelligently. “Hey.”The woman smiles a bit, her eyes filling with tears. The sight makes something in Tony’s gut clench, icy dread shooting through his veins.He sits up a bit, presses his hand over hers.“Don’t cry,” he says without thinking. “Please don’t cry.”Her face softens. She rubs her thumb along Tony’s cheek.“Hi, Tony,” she whispers. “I’m Pepper.”“Pepper,” he repeats quietly, hoping that it will feel familiar in his mouth. It doesn’t. “That’s a nice name,” he offers, smiling a little.Pepper laughs, a soft exhale of breath. Tony likes the way her nose scrunches up when she does it.“Thank you.” They sit for another moment, hands still overlapping. Tony looks at her intently, hoping that if he looks hard enough he’ll remember something about her.Finally, he has to ask. “And you’re my...?”Her smile is a little sadder this time. “I’m your fiancée.”Tony gapes at her for a second. “Holy crap.”Pepper laughs again, an actual laugh that makes Tony smile just from hearing it.His breath catches in his throat when she leans forward and kisses his cheek. His heartbeat pounds in his ears, his stomach swarming with butterflies.“Even with amnesia, you’re still my Tony,” Pepper says like it’s the greatest compliment in the world.He smiles at her, a dopey grin that makes her laugh again. It’s officially his new goal in life to make her laugh as much as possible.Although he wants her to stay, after a few minutes, he can’t help but wonder if there’s anyone else out in the hall, anxiously waiting for their chance to talk to him.“Is... Dr. Cho said ‘they,’” Tony starts out haltingly. “Are there... more people?”“Of course,” Pepper assures him. “I’ll go get him.”Without any explanation as to who ‘him’ is, Pepper kisses his cheek one more time and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Temporary Amnesia
Father-Son Relationship
Hurt Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

