Chapter 1: Sugar-Sweet Steven
    




Chapter Text
Sugar-Sweet Steven  Bucky suppressed an endearing grin to himself as he heard the soft, keening moans and whimpers from outside the door. His little boy is no doubt riled up and ready for some relief. He'd just stepped out the room to answer a phone call; Stark wanted to know about some serial code on his arm... something about upgrading his functionality or whatever. Secretly Bucky knew Tony just wanted to know whether he was done playing with Steve or not. The Avengers were more than just a team, you see; they were a family. And family shared things, including their dearest little angel boy, Steven Grant Rogers."Hold your horses Tony. I'm almost done with Princess." He'd reassured the man, grinning down at the ripped, pink lace panties in his large hand. He'd ripped it off of his gorgeous blonde babe a few minutes ago. "Really? Well that's good news James. Totally besides the point but, good news anyway." Tony had replied while Bucky had rolled his eyes at the feigned nonchalance in his voice. He could tell that the scientist was eager. And honestly, who could blame him? Everyone wanted a piece of their darling little Captain America. Everyone wanted to bury themselves in him, to pull on his soft, fluffy hair, to use his pretty mouth just to see those pretty lips become swollen and glistening. Just last week they'd had an orgy in the confines of Tony's bedroom, Steve taking all of their cocks beautifully. Bruce, Clint, Bucky, Tony and Thor had gone all out for their precious boy and the night had ended on a pretty satisfying note. "Don't act like you're not dying for a taste of our little boy, Stark. It's okay, I know you've been waiting all week for it." Bucky teases, his grin feral as he hears Tony breathe heavily into the receiver. "Hmm. Where is he now?"  "Currently..." Bucky begins, quietly opening the door to reveal Steve, lying buck-naked on their bed, flat on his stomach, pert butt out on display for his Master to see. "He's humping his favorite pink pillow."  Stark groans on the other end of the line, no doubt touching himself in his office. "Jesus Christ..." Tony whispers, swallowing hard. "Lemme see. Switch the call to video." "Well, someone's eager." Bucky taunts, smiling down lovingly at his precious boy. Steve's plump lips are red from being bitten eagerly all morning, and his face has a beautiful coral peach blush. His neck is wrapped in a baby pink, leather collar, with the title "Kitten" labeled in glittery silver diamond print. His skin looks creamy and smooth under the soft, white glow of the room. Long, wispy lashes dust his high cheekbones, saliva forming a shimmery gloss on his lips. He doesn't look his man in the eye, much too obedient to disrespect the one who took care of him like that. But he does make a little cooing sound, rubbing his hips into his pink pillow. "Hey baby. Hey. There you are sweetheart." Bucky whispers gently to his boy, feeling his chest expand as Steve's huge baby blues blink up at him.  A soft whine escapes his throat and he resumes rutting earnestly into the pink pillow while his pretty, doe-eyes remain locked on Bucky's. "How's it feeling babe? Hm? Did Daddy fuck your pussy up good?" The Man asks his little blonde Barbie doll indulgently. "Umhmm..." Steve responds softly, nodding eagerly as he arches his back hard at one of the most arousing angles humanly possible. He throws his head back and lets out a downright sinful moan. Bucky's wolfish blue eyes trace the line of his baby boy's graceful neck, following the inclination of that gorgeous Adam's apple. "That's right. Daddy fucked you til you were numb, didn't he? Got all red in the centre, got your pretty pussy looking red as cherry pie." "Ahm, forgetting someone there Barnes?" Tony growls a little impatiently as Steve gasps at his Daddy's crude words. The phone almost slips from his grasp and he quickly switches the camera on, positioning it so that Tony is granted a full view of Steve's naked body. Clear, brown eyes follow the rippling muscles moving like waves under creamy pale skin. Baby pink garter belts rest snug on Steve's thighs, the frilled lace adding an even softer touch to the boy's fluffy aesthetic. The little blonde thing rolls his hips desperately, trying his best to gain friction as he was not allowed to touch himself. That was Daddy's property. "Oh wow." Tony groans out and Steve's eyes immediately gaze up into the screen at his other Daddy. An even deeper coral blush adorns his American sweetheart face and he snuggles into the pillow under his chin, hiding his face partially. "Hey sweetheart. Don't be shy, it's just Daddy." Tony coos, stroking his cock indulgently as his eyes devour his pretty boy. A soft, vibrating sound rumbles from Steve at the realization that it's his other Daddy and he smiles lazily, high off the endorphins that rush through him when he's in that headspace."Is- is he purring Barnes?" Tony asks, his voice joyful an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Frank Castle/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Dom/sub
Domestic Fluff
Subspace
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Tony Stark
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Smut
Frottage
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Choking
Spit Kink
Master/Slave
Feminization
Sloppy Seconds
Top Thor (Marvel)
Top Clint Barton
Top Bruce Banner
Top T'Challa (Marvel)
Autoerotic Asphyxiation
Rape/Non-con Elements
References to Drugs
Sexual Violence
Violence
Double Penetration
Stuffed Toys
Vaginal Fingering
Body Modification
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Anal Fisting
Consensual Somnophilia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Frank Castle/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Stephen Strange

