Chapter 1: A Miscalculation
    




Chapter Text

There were some things to be said for unmitigated rage. Actually, there were probably a lot of things to be said about it, but none of them were coming to mind at the moment, except that trying to drown it out with enough alcohol to knock out an elephant probably wasn’t recommended. But that was her: forever not recommended. 


Toni patted haphazardly around her only to find that she was laying on the ground. The cold damp ground. With the smell of moldy wet newspapers and sewage clogging up her nose. She groaned and dropped her head onto her arm. Fuck. She hadn’t passed out on the street since her days at MIT. 


She felt awful. Thankfully, now that she had regained consciousness and at least a modicum of sobriety, she was able to reinstate the Extremis protocols she had overridden the night before, so that the virus could burn off the rest of the alcohol in her system. She’d be right as rain in no time. 


Suck on that, Steve Rogers. Fucker couldn’t even enjoy getting drunk anymore. Just one more way that she was better than him. She could enjoy both the intoxicating effect of liquor and skip out on the hangover afterward. Yay.


She laid still for a handful of minutes as she let the Extremis burn through her, raising her temperature by only a single degree. Yup. There was no chance of her going kaboom with her version of the virus. 


Someone shifted nearby her and she tensed.


“Friday?” She croaked, alerting her AI to get ready for combat and call in additional suits should the situation demand it. She got an error message back.


“No, Miss. It’s Tuesday. Are you injured?” A voice asked from a little to her right. She creaked open an eye, staring down the middle-aged man that was standing a few feet away from her. 


He was wearing suspenders. 


She blinked and stared at the offending fashion articles for a moment. Jesus, were they really coming back into style? She hoped not. She couldn’t stand them. She remembered Howard wearing them when she was a child. They always reminded her of Howard. 


“Miss?” The man prompted again when she didn’t answer, reaching out for her shoulder. 


She jerked back away from him, avoiding his touch with a deftness that had been honed by a lifetime’s worth of unwanted touches. “I’m fine.” She grumbled, pushing herself up so that she was seated. 


Almost immediately, the man’s heavy woolen coat was draped around her shoulders, making her realise she was only dressed in her booty shorts and a loose tank top and that it was clearly cold enough outside to see her breath. Not that she could really feel the cold too much with Extremis running through her veins.


“You’re not fine.” The man responded sadly and god only knew what the man thought had happened to her but he looked to be halfway between grief and anger. “Up you get, girl. Come inside before you catch your death. We’ll get you properly dressed at the very least.” 


She let the man help her to her feet, if only because she was starting to realise that there was something wrong with the situation. That sense of wrong was compounded when two classic cars passed by the end of the alley she was sprawled in. But maybe there was a car show nearby?


She let the man help her toward a drafty tenement building, even though he was the one that walked with a cane and a limp, watching her surroundings wide-eyed. Jesus Christ, it was like a museum exhibit. Some of the bricks on the building’s exterior were crumbling and the upper levels of the street were obscured by a myriad of clothes lines. The stairs creaked ominously as he led her up to the third floor and into an apartment. The single pane windows rattled when the man closed the door. 


She stared at the suite, at the coal burning stove in the corner of the apartment, and had to use Extremis to tamp down on the immediate symptoms of an oncoming panic attack. What the fuck? Where the fuck was she?


She took a deep breath as the man immediately moved to the sofa and pulled off a threadbare quilt that had been resting on the arm, wrapping it around her shoulders over the coat. Her fingers clamped desperately onto the soft fabric. She tried to make contact with Friday again but to no avail. 


The panic rose a little higher as she tried to remember what the fuck had happened last night. What was the last thing she remembered? She’d been visiting the Compound with Rhodey, helping him test out the latest version of his leg braces, and that god damned courier had shown up with a letter from Steve fucking Rogers, who had basically just unrepentantly doubled down on everything he’d done to her in the ‘civil war’ (no capitals because even she wasn’t that dramatic).


That had been where the rage had come from. Rhodey had been with her for a while, indulging her in drunkenly cussing out the stupid man who was nothing more than a propaganda relic of their war-time past. Then Rhodey had passed out without the help of Extremis to bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Fix-It of Sorts
Or at least she's trying
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Bad Decisions
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Nazis
the opposite of slow burn
At least for Bucky
Bitterness
Civil War Team Iron Man
Female Tony Stark
attempted revenge
It doesn't really work out like she thought she wanted it to
Past Implied Non-Con
Comic Book Science

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

