Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first sign that something was wrong was when Tony Stark choked on his coffee.He'd prepared it like always, in the same machine that had fueled his workshop efforts for years. The same blend, the same amount of sugar, the same settings on the touchpad. A call had come in just after he set it down, involving a major stakeholder with a forthcoming clean energy research lab in New Mexico. By the end, his throat was parched and the coffee would be only pleasantly warm, so he'd tipped the mug back to get all the liquid caffeine his body demanded.And then he choked on his coffee, because it was as bitter as chewing on dry grounds.At least he hadn't spat it all over his expensive electronics, but swallowing was a challenge. "Okay," he noted as he reached for the sugar, which he apparently hadn't added before the call. "Got off my rhythm."The second sign came a few hours later, from the same stakeholder who'd called him that morning. Dr. Varela didn't mean to be pushy, but the documents he'd promised her hadn't arrived in her inbox. Would he mind resending? The submission deadline to the state office was that evening."I sent that," Tony insisted to himself as he saw that his last email to varelaf@unm.edu was four days prior. He remembered searching for the right files, realizing at the last second that he'd missed the fifth in the folder, and grabbing that last document before he sent them off. And yet, there was nothing. All the evidence countered what his brain told him.It was probably stress, he thought as he pushed himself back from his work bench. This wasn't a sign of anything serious. If he did have certain... medical... memory... problems, they wouldn't have debuted with this rapid one-two punch. "I'll take a break," Tony abruptly decided. Most people took time off for lunch. Perhaps he should also force himself to step out of his lab and let some of that stress ease."Hey, boss," Happy idly said without looking up from his computer. It appeared to be delicate work, as he made sure every spreadsheet cell was populated before really acknowledging Tony. His smile ebbed as soon as he did. "Everything okay?""I'm going out for lunch," Tony announced. "Might be a hot dog stand, might be Le Bernardin. But I'm going out.""Oh? Oh!" Happy jolted to his feet and hurried for a closet, then turned with a sports coat in hand. "Dress code," he explained at Tony's blank look.Tony blinked, then shook his head. "Never mind. I'll definitely do the hot dog stand." Anywhere with a dress code wouldn't help him relax, and since he clearly needed to decompress—"Hey, boss," Happy idly said without looking up from his computer.Slack-jawed, Tony slowly turned to stare at the computer where Happy once again sat. "What the hell?"When Happy looked up from his computer, his concern was greater than before. "Everything okay?""I'm going out," Tony snapped without explaining his plans for lunch again."Boss?" Happy called after him. It barely slipped through closing doors.Though Tony's hand naturally gravitated toward his favorite roadster in the building's basement, he pulled back before making contact. Still in a daze, he turned instead toward a SUV that was outfitted with nearly invisible sensors in its bumpers and self-driving technology in its dashboard. Whatever was going on, he shouldn't try to drive until it was fixed.After he'd input the target destination and Manhattan began to stream by him, Tony ran over the day in his mind. This morning, he would have poured the sugar he always put into his coffee; he knew for a fact he'd sent that email; he'd actually seen Happy reset across the room. There was only one explanation: something was wrong with the flow of time, which had kept skittering backwards a few seconds. The interaction with Happy had taken long enough to make a reversion noticeable, but it had obviously been happening all day.Yes, that had to be it. And that was why he had known what address to input: a townhouse in Greenwich Village, with someone who had better not be gallivanting off in some alien dimension.Tony leapt out of the SUV when it pulled up to the curb, ignored the AI steering away in search of an empty parking spot, and bolted for the entrance. "Open up," he yelled as his fist pounded the Sanctum's door. Being teleported inside was disorienting, but he barely let it stop him. After spinning to locate Stephen Strange in this new room, Tony stormed over to him and demanded, "Stop messing with my timeline."Stephen blinked, then groaned. "Oh, I was really hoping this was localized.""What!" He'd tried to shout his question but it came out more like a squeak.Sighing, Stephen angled his hands into the symbols needed to interact with the Eye of Agamotto, then opened it with a deliberate gesture. Inside, the Time Stone glowed softly... only to flash like it was being actively used. "It acted up a few times after everything, but had calmed down again until today.""Time has already looped on 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
POV Alternating
Post-Endgame
Everything is fine after Endgame until it's suddenly not
Time Shenanigans
Pre-Iron Man 1
Time Skips
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Just totally ignore anything that happens in Endgame seriously
Making my own AU and running with it
Character Death

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

