Chapter 1: Welcome Home
    


Summary:

In a quiet village in Wakanda, Bucky Barnes is healing from the trauma Hydra wrought. Steve Rogers does what he can to help, but worries they have more obstacles ahead. In New York, Darcy Lewis and Jane Foster's work finds them returning Stateside.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text






 Come inside from the cold and rest your weary soul
You belong, you are loved, you are wanted
You're not alone
I've missed you so
Welcome home


Welcome Home - Joy Williams





September 2017

“Come, much more for you to learn.”

Bucky’s gaze focused on the small lake near where he’d spent the last two months, taking in the calm waters and the call of birds in the trees surrounding him. He could still hear the children behind them, their shouts and laughter ringing through the air. Pulling his eyes away, Bucky turned and followed Shuri, heading somewhere closer to the center of the little village. 

Pushing into the dark interior of another hut, this one larger than the one he’d been staying in, Bucky’s eyes adjusted quickly. When everything came into focus, his lips parted in surprise. “Steve.”

Steve climbed to his feet, gaze pouring over Bucky, taking in the colorful scarves and clothing, the life in his cheeks, the dirt and dust covering his bare feet. It’d only been three weeks since the last time he’d seen Bucky, but that three week absence only highlighted the massive changes that had occured in his best friend. If his hair had been a bit shorter, Steve could have been looking at the Bucky he remembered from the streets of Brooklyn. There was less of a shine in his eyes, but the man in front of him was Bucky, his Bucky, and Steve’s heart soared with hope. “Hey, Buck.”

Bucky wanted to cross to Steve, to wrap the other man in his arms, but he didn’t move. He felt emotions rising in his chest but he stamped them down, not wanting to show any vulnerabilities. He’d only been out of cryo for two months, and despite what Shuri had assured him, Bucky still carried that fear in his throat.

“If you are not embracing on my behalf, I promise I will not be offended.”

Grey eyes slid toward Shuri, watching a corner of the teenager’s mouth lift up in a smirk as she looked back and forth between the two men. Bucky’s gaze was pulled back to Steve when his best friend took a small step toward him, moving slow, the expression on his face one of careful expectation. It took another moment before Bucky could make his feet move, the soft warm dirt under the balls of his feet carrying him forward.

When Bucky’s arms wrapped around his shoulders, Steve let out the breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding, returning the hug with the same intensity. The three weeks he’d been gone, meeting with Sam and Natasha, planning out their next steps, had been like torture. Bucky being out of cryo had seemed like a win, but the first couple of weeks after he’d been out had been rough.

They’d gotten through it, but having to leave so soon after meant Steve’s mind was never far from Wakanda and the man he’d left behind. Clapping Bucky on the shoulder, Steve pulled back enough that he could gaze in the grey eyes he’d known his whole life. “You look better.”

“I feel better,” Bucky nodded, a smile lifting his lips.

“He is better,” Shuri said as she came closer, a tablet in her arms. When the two men turned toward her, their hands staying clasped between them, she displayed the information she’d brought with. “We were able to destroy the neural architecture that had been built and allowed others to manipulate you. We have verified these results in a multitude of ways. I promise you, Sergeant Barnes, you need not fear those words any longer.”

Bucky felt Steve squeeze their joined hands with relief, but he still couldn’t bring himself to hope yet. He watched Shuri’s eyes, looking for any hint of doubt. There was none. When they’d arrived in Wakanda, when the teenage scientist had sworn to help him, he’d had no real confidence. Too tired. Too resigned. It wasn’t a lack of faith in Shuri’s abilities, it was him. Even when he’d been brought out, when Steve had said those words and there’d been no blackness as The Soldier took over, Bucky had still been filled with disbelief.

He was a lost cause. 

He wasn’t safe. 

He wasn’t him.

Slowly, bit by bit, Steve and Shuri had been able to pull him back toward the light. Since then, he’d had to claw himself from the wreckage of his own mind, scars of another kind holding him back. What they now called PTSD was once Shell Shock, and Bucky felt the battle fatigue in intimate detail; every creak of trees in the night woke him from his nightmares, every whisper like an enemy about to take a shot.

He nodded at Shuri and gave her a smile when she told him that things would fade over time, that he should see someone to deal with his mental scars, but giving someone access to those horrible memories sounded like an impossib
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
UST
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Pining
Drama
Humor
Angst
Polyamory
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And a borrowed kidney
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Smut
All the swears
framily
Found Family
all the Avengers need therapy
wintershield - Freeform
WinterShock - Freeform
ShieldShock - Freeform
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slow Burn
the slowest of burns

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

