Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When they first heard Loki was trying to conquer Midgard the people of Asgard leaned back and awaited the news of his success. Which was why they felt confusion when he lost. To Thor and some mortals. The confusion intensified when the second Prince was found guilty of treason and murder. Flabbergasted the Asgardian watched as their young prince was dragged to the dungeons. How could he have lost? Loki had accompanied generals in battle centuries before Thor was even allowed to touch Mjolnir. A tactical genius. No matter his later reputation few forgot his skills. So how did he lose?A group of Asgardians travelled to the planet Xandar, speaking with the Nova Corps. As it happened Nova Corps had information regarding the second Prince of Asgard. None of it pretty. One name blazed in their minds. Thanos. The mad Titan. Loki had lost on purpose despite months of torture and anguish. Keeping two infinity stones out of the Titan's reach at great cost to himself. He was not a criminal, he was a hero.Odin, upon hearing about Thanos allied himself with powerful people across the universe. From sorcerers to Celestials. Together they managed to push the Titan back. Buying time. It wasn't a permanent solution but it was a solution nonetheless. Now the All-Father faced a different problem. His people was demanding that Loki was to be made a proper member of the Royal family. They wanted him to perform a blood ritual, making Loki is son in truth. Frigga would have jumped at the opportunity but her opinion wasn't considered. Feeling the pressure Odin came up with an alternative.Looking at his plate as he tried to ignore the crowded feast hall, Loki tried to understand why that alternative had to include him and Thor entering a marriage. Their so-called father was a coward to say the least. Unfortunately most Asgardians actually approved of the union and those that didn't wasn't powerful enough to object. Picking at his plate with a fork Loki concluded that the kitchen staff was against. Thor's plate was loaded with foods both liked and several of the Trickster's favourites. A stark contrast to his own. Just looking at it made him feel sick. Especially the wriggle wines. He knew they were boiled and had never been alive, yet watching them wriggle made him nauseous. Suddenly their plates had been switched. Spearing the wines Thor shovelled the food into his mouth. Noticing the younger god watching he blinked. Swallowing the clump in his throat Loki ate all of his favourites, saving those his brother preferred. No, not his brother. His groom. The gesture didn't go unnoticed. When the desserts were served he was given a plate with sweets he didn't mind but his eyes had been drawn to the cake. His sweet tooth was well known. Thor frowned at his own plate and the giant piece of cake on it."It is like they have mixed us up", he muttered giving the cake to Loki and taking a small tart instead. "It is their way of voicing their disapproval", the young god mumbled. "They view this, me in particular, as wrong." A grunt was all he got as an answer. Neither was to happy about this. Finally Frigga approached them with an ornate cup. It was filled with a drink made from Freya's orchard. Once they had fed the drink to each other they would be wedded. Standing they took the cup, holding it as the other drank. Emptying it. Only the dregs in the bottom was left. The dregs would be used in blessing new fruit. A great cheer followed them out as they walked to their new chambers. It was awkward. They didn't talk. Not a single exchange of words.Once they reached their rooms Loki went straight to the main bedroom and started to undress."Loki..." Thor's voice was uncomfortable. "This is my wedding night. I have had so little choice for so long. This, at least, I can choose."Thor understood. He didn't like it but he understood. To make things easier for both of them Loki darkened the room, making them shapes to each other. Allowing them to pretend. They didn't speak. Both avoiding making sounds as not to break the spell. Biting his lips the dark-haired god swallowed a moan. It felt good. He had little experience and knew Thor didn't have much more. As princes they had been expected to have a reputation but not actually living up to the rumours. The Thunderer had a thick neck and a broad chest. He could pretend that it was someone else yet somehow he no longer wanted to. Gasping he allowed his body to give in to the pleasure.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Love
Developing Relationship
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pregnancy
Mpreg
Miscarriage
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Sexual Content

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

