Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

The first time a class accidentally ran into Peter at the tower, Peter was sure that this would be the end of his life as he had known it. Because if Peter had known that a class was coming to visit, he would have tried to either get away as far as possible, or make sure that he was doing something around the tower that could be seen as either educative or productive. But Peter - poor, stupid, idiotic Peter - hadn’t known, and was thus witnessed by about 30 kids and some more adults that were supervising them as he nearly electrocuted himself by his new web fluid. Followed by loud cackling, obviously, because that’s what one 

does

 when they just figured how to make their web fluid electric. 
 
Arguably, not his best moment.
 
However, that was all before Peter found out exactly who the kids were that had seen him stunt around the lab. He was okay with making a fool of himself in front of strangers, because even if strangers would tell on the story, he was still an anonymous kid that did some weird shit in said stories. Those people wouldn’t know his face and he wouldn’t be remembered by the weird shit he had done. Doing weird shit in front of people he knew, however? That was just a recipe for disaster. 
 
And Peter finding out that the most recent field trip was a class of students from Midtown High, however, was the biggest recipe for the worst disaster possible, if you were to believe his own words. 
 
He had tried to play it cool, of course. When the first student approached Peter and asked him if it was really Peter that they all saw during the field trip, the first thing his mind did was blank and give him the best possible solution and easiest answer in this scenario: run away and pretend that he didn’t get scared of being interrogated by a kid because he recognised Peter from his antics at the Tower. Normally, Peter would try to get those ideas out of his idea and instead go for the normal and boring option, to just answer the question and let it be.
 
Luckily for Peter and his poor thinking skills, right at that moment the bell rang and he excused himself to the younger student, mumbling something of a lab he had to go to and that he hoped the kid had still enjoyed the field trip, before running off and hoping that he didn’t come off as if he was trying to evade the question too much.
 
His brain was being an absolute dickhead while Peter was running to catch his next class, chiming in with constant repeats of the fact that Peter had just chosen the easy way out, even if he did have no choice to do so. Instead of dwelling too much on the thoughts - Peter knew that if he did exactly that, he would soon be caught in a negative spiral that he wouldn’t be able to escape from - he tried to shake them away and entered his classroom.
 
Once his teacher started talking about sulphuric acids Peter found himself quickly forgetting the incident, instead focussing on his class and the formulas that were being written on the board.
 
---
 
For some gods forsaken reason, nobody had come up to Peter to ask about the incident at Stark Industries afterwards. Either they all decided to drop the subject and be satisfied with his lack of a proper answer, the kids had simply forgotten about it - there were more important and cool things to focus on than a dweeb from one of the upper classes making a fool of himself - or they had decided to theorise the shit out of the matter without discussing it directly with Peter. He didn’t know, nor did he care about it, really. Peter instead tried to focus on his classes, on any upcoming field trips to Stark Industries and whether he would be able to help out on any - Mr. Stark was currently looking into having Peter guide on of the tours - and had nearly forgotten about the whole incident as a whole. 
 
That was, of course, until Flash brought it up in the hallway.
 
“Hey Penis! Heard you were seen at Stark Industries recently blowing up a laboratory.”
 
At this point, Peter had almost given up the topic of ever being brought up again. He was wrong - of course he was wrong - but because of this it took a solid minute before Peter actually understood what Flash was talking about. 
 
This was, obviously, not because Peter had a tendency to blow up laboratories nearly every day. Of course not. Whoever told you that was a) probably Shuri and b) totally, completely, and absolutely wrong. 
 
But instead of playing dumb or dragging on the topic for too long, Peter turned to Flash and gave the other a small smile.
 
“I did say I was an intern there, didn’t I?”
 
And with that, Peter turned around and went to find his friends who had abandoned him in the hallway, leaving a stunned Flash behind him.
 
---
 
Peter should’ve known that it wasn’t going to stay as a one time thing. He had a tendency to attract accidents and turn himself into a walking disaster and once he found out that anoth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Rated T for swearing
Like
loads of swearing
Field Trip
Field trips
Jealous Flash
Peter the walking disaster
If there is anything I'm missing please tell me
Dead may
not explicitely stated
but might be touched upon if i ever continue this
wanted to let you all know beforehand
one (1) shitty the guy who didn't like musicals reference
one (1) shitty firebringer reference
Flash is an idiot
but we been knew
i know i said it before but there is seriously a lot of swearing in this fic
Irondad
no beta we die like men
unprepared and useless

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

