Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Yes, I am aware that Spiderman is usually written with a hyphen. No, I don't care that I keep writing it wrong. No, I won't correct it. With everything else, please go easy on me, English is not my first language. There will be mistakes. I'm especially horrible with these (,) stupid little things. Comma's are my doom. Last but not least, I know nobody likes having to read authors notes before starting with the fic, but this once it may actually proof relevant. So if you haven't yet, scroll up and give it a quick look through.
 Tony Stark may have been the, more or less, proud owner of several PhD's, but he didn't actually need to be the genius he truly was, to know that something was bothering his kid.
The two of them tried to spend at least three weekdays after school, as well as however many weekends they could get away with, for some mentor/mentee, father/son bonding time. Time that, due to Tony's responsibilities to his company and being co-leader of the Avengers, as well as Peter's schoolwork, social life, and Spiderman activities, was hard to come by, and therefore treasured by both of them. Normally.
They were in Tony's private lab, tinkering away on nothing in particular, just seeing what they could create and come up with for the heck of it.
But Peter was clearly distracted.Usually by this time, Tony would have been filled in on every conversation the kid had had with his friends (though most of those conversations were had with Fred... Ted?..., as the girl wasn't really the talkative type) between today and the last time they had seen each other (two days ago, when Tony had showed up after school to take Peter and his two friends out for lunch).He would have further been informed about how much Peter liked or disliked his current history topic. The last one had not been a favorite, but in Tony's humble opinion, nobody liked discussing William Pitt’s dominance of British politics.Peter would have tried at least two times to convince Tony that they totally needed a dog around the Tower. In that very (read: not at all) subtle way of his. ("You know, I read this article on how getting a new best friend, like, say, a dog, can have many stress relieving and health benefits. You look super stressed, you know? Maybe we should test that out?") Little did the kid know that Tony, Pepper and May were planning to take him to a local shelter on his next birthday, which was only three more months away, and let him pick out a dog. He was gonna freak.
And last but not least, the Spiderling would have complained about the shiny Starkwatch that, thanks to nanotechnology, had become a spider-strength resistant, non-breakable, very permanent fixture on his wrist. ("Like, seriously, that one time I actually tell you about almost being kidnapped, and now you need to constantly monitor my vitals all the time? Can you say Helicopter parent?"
"Excuse me, did you just say 'that ONE time' you were almost kidnapped? Peter? Has someone tried to kidnap you before?! What the fuck!"
"... I meant: What a cool new watch! And it can even tell me the time. Would you look at that, time for patrol! See you later, Dad!"
"You swing your red and blue clad ass right back here, young man! We are so talking about this!")As Tony watched the teen draw his eyebrows together and scrunch up his nose, as one does when thinking about a particularly unpleasant topic, he decided to test the waters.
"So, Pepper is making me attend a share-holders meeting next week. I was thinking about coating the mark 34 in hot pink and showing up in that. Thoughts?"
"Yeah, definitely."
Well, to be fair, that was a bit inconclusive. After all, Tony had shown up to business meetings in one of his suits more than once. To Peppers ever growing annoyance. So, he tried again.
"DUM-E was messing around with your old web-shooters and glued Happy to the ceiling for an hour. He might be out for revenge, so better watch your back, bud."
"Yeah, definitely."
Closer, but still not absolutely sure, time for the big guns.
"If you would rather have celery for dessert than chocolate cake, say 'yeah, definitely.'"
"Yeah, definitely."
"Okay, that's it." With an exasperated sigh, the billionaire let his tablet fall on top of the work table with a loud clang, which finally made the kid look at him.
"What? Tony? Something wrong?"
"You tell me, Underroos. What's got you obsessing over, when you could be spending your time building a killer robot with your old man?"
Peter lifted an eyebrow.
"A killer robot? Really? Have you been dreaming about world domination again? I thought you had given up on that, because it would be too much of a hassle to keep all those squabbling countries from rebelling. Though I still maintain that they wouldn't rebel too much, if you didn't insist on banning every technology that doesn't have your name on it. Or that law about how it is forbidden to put pineapple on pizza." The kid shot him a dirty look at that one.
"Pfft. I will not be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
May's Abusive Boyfriend Trope
May's new boyfriend
Peter will not take this shit
brief discussion of sexual abuse of a child
Irondad
spiderson
Iron-Dad
Spider-son
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter
Skip Westcott - Freeform
creative swearing
Fluff
Father-Son Relationship
Peter gets a dog
Pitbulls are great

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

