Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Prologue
- - - -
“I guess if I'm breathing this is not the end

I guess if I love myself I have a friend

Oh and if there's nothing left I have your voice

Talking me into sleep, into the void”
~The Void - IAMX- - - -Peter liked old movies, he liked Star Wars and Alien, and so many science-fiction movies, even when there’s very little to do with science in them. He should know, since he loves science and learns as much as he can about it. His uncle Ben showed him these movies, in an effort to distract him from completely losing himself to books. Then his aunt May introduced him to feel good movies like August Rush, and Martian Child. At times, he feels like that boy Dennis, out of place in a world that doesn’t understand him. Except where the boy thought he was from Mars, it’s his own mind that at times isolates him.
“Right now, you and me here, put together entirely from atoms that have been part of millions of other organisms before they became us, sitting on this round rock with a core of liquid iron held down by this force that so troubles you called gravity, all the while spinning around the sun at 67 thousand miles an hour and whizzing through the Milky Way at 600 thousand miles an hour in a universe that very well may be chasing its own tail at the speed of light... and amidst all this frantic activity, fully cognizant of our own imminent demise, which is a very pretty way of saying we all know we're going to die, we reach out, to one another, sometimes for the sake of vanity, sometimes for reasons you're not old enough to understand yet, but a lot of the time we just reach out... and expect nothing in return. Isn't that strange? Isn't that weird? Isn't that... weird... enough?”
Peter certainly thinks it is weird enough, if he were to just think of that and just exist. However, with a mind like his, it’s never easy. He knows the Earth travels around the Sun at 67,000 miles per hour and they’re held on by the gravitational pull due to the Earth’s liquid iron core. His mind never stops there, it switches from one thought to another so quickly it may very well be going 67,000 miles an hour as well. Like his Uncle’s Star Wars moives, his mind seems to be in constant warp drive. To calm the thoughts, he’ll start building, mostly LEGOS since his friend Ned always has the ones with so many pieces that’ll keep his mind occupied and slow it down a bit. The movies do that for him as well.They call him a genius, they tested him at school to make sure and they praised his high intellect. To Peter, it feels like he can’t get any rest as his mind refuses to shut down with its never ending litany of ‘Why? Why? Why?!In the span of a minute he’ll be thinking of bio-molecular biology, and then cement glue and how to improve it, and then wondering if he can build his own Iron Man suit using scrap metal and the tools in shop class. He probably could if he was so inclined, and only the fact that he was sure his teacher would report him to homeland security (or the avengers) stops him. Also, because he’s sure it would be a piece of shit (he’s not suppose to swear but sometimes he sneaks one or two swear words) due to his lack of quality materials.So, he turns his attention to the glue and improves it and it’s better than his Uncle decides to get it patented. He’s constantly changing it, but doesn’t tell him. When he’s thirteen, the Sokovia incident happens and he builds a prototype robot that could take destroyed rubble and use it to potentially rebuild a whole new building by imputing the building plans in it’s computer.He does it because he’s bored and he can, and wants to help. He’s Peter Benjamin Parker, and he’s only thirteen but his IQ is 200 (maybe more, he was sleep deprived that day) and his Uncle once told him, ‘with great power comes great responsibility’. Well, Peter wants to use his intellect to help others.He has no idea the changes that were soon to come.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers
Peter Parker & Ben Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker - Freeform
tony stark - Freeform
early meetings
Super Genius Peter Parker
Peter is actual Intern
Tony Stark doesn't know Peter Parker is Spider-man
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Smart Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Avengers Are Nosy
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers
Peter Parker & Ben Parker

