Chapter 1: Chapter 1 - Orchiectomy
    


Summary:

Orchiectomy: testicle removal surgery



Notes:
Just a little disclaimer: Everything the caregivers do cannot be considered entirely consensual, because the littles are so deep in their little spaces. And the littles are physically smaller, while the caregivers are bigger.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony and Stephen will set out whatever they want Peter to wear for the day and that's it. If he doesn't get underwear or gets a little training bra with a dress, then he has to wear it down to breakfast, or he gets stripped down until he learns how to keep his clothes on like a big kid. Clothing easily becomes a power tool and one that informs all the other littles about punishments and treatments. 
The biggest humiliation is getting catheterised and having the catheter strapped to the inside of their thigh and not being given pants or a dress long enough to cover it up. Everyone can see that Peter has been taken away bladder control and the doctors have to bring him to the bathroom each time. And all the caregivers of the facility know about the humiliation and are not afraid to add to it if necessary. During playtime, Tony will come to the big playroom where Peter is sat with other littles and announces that it's time for “Peter's potty break” because he can't manage it on his own. The little boy can’t even be trusted to walk down the hall by himself and Tony holds his hand firmly and makes them pass as many littles and caregivers as possible.
Another aspect that makes catheterisation so horrible, besides the humiliation, is the fact that Peter cannot cum and he has no idea when the catheter will be removed so that he can. However, his best friend MJ can cum with a catheter, which Peter finds incredibly unfair when they whisper to one another after bedtime. Other things that are also whispered about by other littles is how Peter needs a plastic sheet on his bed because he cannot control himself. Peter tries to ignore those rumours, which isn’t too hard as they are false but also because he is far too occupied with the ache in his private area because he isn’t allowed to cum while catheterised. 
“Why can’t I cum, but MJ can?” Peter asks Pepper one day as he grabs her lab coat in one of the hallways. The female doctor just laughs and gives the boy a little kiss on his nose before turning to leave. “You said we are both pretty girls with special parts!” 
And Pepper can’t help but feel sorry for the sweet boy. She would never tell her colleagues, but she does question how long it is necessary to make Peter all frustrated and mopey with catheterisation. A short while later, Peter is sobbing happy tears as the kind doctor milks him dry, letting him cum over and over with her skilled fingers inside of him teasing his prostate and her other hand wrapped around his freed cock. However, the happy tears turn into sad ones when Pepper brings out a fresh catheter. 
“Doctor Stark and Strange only want what’s best for you, handsome.” She reminds as Peter becomes whiny when he is catheterised again. “If they think you need a catheter and 24/7 monitoring, then that’s what you get. There, all done, and remember to tell a grown up when you need to tinkle, yeah?” 
Peter’s desire to be a pretty girl, like MJ, makes him break the rules on more than one occasion. During playtime, the two little ones will often switch their assigned clothes, but they are quick about it so that they are not caught red-handed, or at least try to be quick. One day, they are caught by surprise when Tony walks in to carry out an inspection. 
“We were just playing!” MJ tries to explain, stood in a striped t-shirt, short overalls and knee high socks, which was not the outfit that Pepper assigned her that morning. The little boy by her side, however, breaks into tears at the unimpressed look that the doctor gives him.
“I just wanted to be pretty cause you won’t let me be!” Peter accuses and rubs the tears away from his eyes where he is stood in a short and pale pink chiffon dress and with a bow in his hair. Peter cries even harder when he is put over Tony’s knee and spanked before he is put into the correct clothes. That night, MJ whispers to Peter that she got the same punishment from Pepper and both littles grow just a little aroused at the fresh memory and their still sore behinds. 
As much as they like to keep the little patients obedient and quiet, Stephen and Tony consider what the little boy said about wanting to be a pretty girl like MJ, and so the two doctors start planning Peter’s first surgery to remove his testicles. 
Peter has been given sedatives numerous times when he has been unruly and fussy during examinations or minor procedures, but being anaesthetised is a whole new experience for him. He panics when his legs are put into stirrups and restrained along with his arms and torso and he begins to choke on the anaesthetic gas becaus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
sexual ageplay
Ageplay
Daddy Kink
Mommy Kink
Medical Kink
Medical Procedures
Medical Examination
Medical Professionals
Surgery
Injury
Injury Recovery
Body Modification
Medicine
Overdosing
Enemas
Pacifiers
Prostate Milking
Anal Fingering
Feminization
Crying
Whump
Hurt
Hurt/Comfort
Punishment
Fluff
ALL CHARACTERS ARE OVER 18

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Loki/Thor

