Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Hermione had been glad to go home first during summer before getting picked up to be taken to Order Headquarters.  She felt a sense of foreboding going into fifth year.  It felt like it would be very different from her other years at Hogwarts.  Which was why she was glad that she had this time at home with her parents before things got considerably darker in the wizarding world.  She felt warm and safe with her mum and dad.  They asked her about school, her friends, her plans.  They listened.  Her mum cooked and her talked to her about new books to read.  It was nice.  It was her three days until she was due to leave.  Her dad had been called out to a stag night for the new dentist at their practice.  Her and her mum had stayed up and watched old classic films, munching on popcorn and some sugar quills Hermione had brought back from Hogsmede.  Eventually, her mother let out a big yawn and declared that she was going to bed.  “Alright, I think I’m going to read a bit before I head up,” Hermione told her.  “Alright, love, goodnight,” her mum kissed her head and went upstairs.  Hermione curled in on the edge of the couch and dug into a fantasy book her father had thought she would like.  She ended up losing herself in the new world and got more comfortable on the couch, spreading her legs out in front of her and lying down.  Only the dim light of the lamp above her lit the room, the entire house dark save for the porch light.  Eventually, her eyes grew heavy until they closed.  Her hands dropped the book to the floor as she dozed off.  It was nearly three in the morning when Daniel Granger ambled into his house after being dropped off by a taxi.  He waved the car off once he got his key in the door and tried desperately to be quiet despite his blindly drunk situation.  He had tried a bit too hard to keep up with the younger men out on the town, matching them drink for drink.  He was walking like a freshly born calf as he got through the door.  He decided he would sleep it off on the couch.  He didn’t want to stumble in and wake up his wife with his clumsiness.  But on the other hand, maybe she wouldn’t mind a certain kind of wake-up call.  He decided to at least rest a bit on the couch and take his shoes off first, so he made his way to the family room.  He stopped at the entrance when he saw his wife spread out on the couch.  It looked as if she’d fallen asleep reading.  She and their daughter always did that, whether on the couch or in their respective beds.  She still looked delectable even in his drunken and blurry vision.  He decided he would wake her up in a certain way.  Luckily, she was wearing a nightgown.  He loved it when she wore those.  They hugged her curves and they were easy to take off.  He grinned as he toed off his shoes and stripped off his tie and belt, dropping them in pile of accessories at the floor of the entrance before he drunkenly strut into the family room and loomed over her.  The lamp was on, illuminating her head.  Her thick curls were strewn across her face as she was turned outward.  He reached over to turn the lamp off.  The light was starting to hurt his eyes.  The room was plunged into darkness but with the moon shining through the sheer curtains of the window, he could still make out her figure that drove him crazy.  Not one to make a fuss over undressing, he did so quickly with his own clothes first.  His pants dropped into a lump as he stepped out of them, his boxers quickly following.  It took more than a moment to get through the buttons of his shirt, before that fell on top of the pile.  He then set to undressing his lovely vixen on the family couch with his little girl sleeping away upstairs.  He quickly drew up her nightgown, brushing his hands against every curve as he pulled it up and over her head, careful to slip her arms out of the straps without disturbing her too much.  He liked to get her revved up and started before he woke her up.  He wanted to wake her up with pleasure.  Then she’d surely be receptive to his pleasure as well.  Staring at her still so perky breasts – or the hazy image of them in his addled mind – made his cock spring up to attention, practically smacking into his stomach.  He curled his hands around her mounds and squeezed lightly, holding back as groan as her nipples puckered in between his fingers.  He pulled them away and swung his knee over her legs so he was half straddling her knees.  He had enough room to reach between them and spread her knees a bit as he panted in anticipation.  He bent them up a bit so he could gaze down at her hairless slit.  When had she done that?  He didn’t dwell on it as he drunkenly slid his hands up the inside of her legs until his thumbs brushed up her soft folds.  She wasn’t wet yet.  But he’d see to changing that right quick. Backing up a bit, he took her left leg and propped it up and over his right hip, splaying it against the back of the couch.  He took her other leg and pu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Mr Granger

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Daddy Kink
Embedded Images
Rating: NC17
NSFW Art
Couch Sex
Drunk Sex
Mistaken Identity
Extremely Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Consent Issues
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Explicit Consent
Father-Daughter Relationship
Accidental Voyeurism
Fingerfucking

fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Mr Granger

