Work Text:
In hindsight, Tony knew he should have expected it. People had been trying (and often succeeding) in kidnapping him for years when he was just Tony Stark, ordinary rich person and kind of secret, unconfirmed Shifter. He probably shouldn’t have been surprised that those attempts would increase once he confirmed that he was a Shifter and revealed what his shifted formed was. In his defence, the kidnapping attempts had actually decreased after he’d become Iron Man. He suspected it had been a combination of wariness about what he could do with the armour and that getting involved with the Avengers meant his accessibility wasn’t what it had once been.This lot had snatched him up off the street after a board meeting that he hadn’t been able to ditch, mostly because it had been about possible impacts his Shifter confirmation might have on the company. (Mostly thus far, it had been positive, especially in Europe. There was some negativity in areas where Shifters were viewed with more suspicion but the overall trend was good.) The meeting had been interminable and tedious and after it was finally done, Tony had decided he wanted real coffee from the little hole in the place around the corner from Stark Tower rather than anything he could get in the building. And if he also wanted a bit of fresh air after being stuck in the board room for hours, that was his own business.But they’d grabbed him off the street when he’d been wearing nothing other than a very expensive Armani suit. He had his gauntlet watch but he didn’t want to give away the game until he was sure he could escape. They’d stripped him of his sunglasses and phone but hadn’t bother searching him beyond that. He wasn’t sure if they were very confident of their ability to hold onto him or whether they really were that dumb. He was inclined to lean towards the latter because, really, who in their right mind would annoy a dragon.Not that he could shift right now, which maybe tilted them back into the smart category. He was in the back of a van, sure (also very cliché, one day he’d like to be kidnapped in a stretch limo… which when you really thought about it would be less suspicious. Anyone sees Tony Stark waving frantically from a non-descript van, they’re going to get suspicious. Tony Stark waving from a limo though? Just another day in the life of a rich billionaire, right?), but he was also in a cage. Which… kinky but not the point. The cage was made of a metal that gleamed strangely and he’d already been warned that he wouldn’t be able to shift without crushing himself. His lack of ability to immediately identify the metal made him wary about trying it. There was no point anyway. He still had his watch and unless the cage and the van blocked the signal, which he knew wasn’t true by the occasional subtle vibration from the watch, then FRIDAY was already tracking him. Which means these clowns had an angry bear on their tail right now… which kind of slid them back into the dumb category, since what idiot didn’t know that a) Rhodey would always come for him, b) Rhodey was a bear Shifter and c) Rhodey was Tony’s protective brother bear. (Mama Rhodes, on the other hand, was Tony’s protective Mama bear. Rhodey got his shift form honestly after all. All the Rhodes kids were bear Shifters like their Mama, much to the amused complaints of their eagle Shifter father. Then again, Rhodey had gone into the Air Force so he combined the best of both parents, even if he was the butt of the occasional flying bear joke. But the point was… at least it was only his Rhodey bear coming after them. Heaven help them if someone let Mama Rhodes loose. Now there was a bear you didn’t want coming after you in anger.)So, for now, Tony was content to sit back and pretend to be cowed and obedient while he examined the metal of the cage. He had a strong suspicion it might be vibranium, which raised some very interesting questions that he might need to ask a certain king about later on. He was pretty sure these clowns had nothing to do with Wakanda though, mostly because they were white but partly because Wakanda had no need to kidnap him. They could just ask him nicely and he’d be happy to talk to them. Once T’Challa had gotten over his poorly placed desire to kill Barnes, he’d turned out to be a very interesting person to talk to. T’Challa was, however, going to be a little peeved if this was vibranium though. Not that it was necessarily stolen from Wakanda but the Wakandans in general had some very firm views about what vibranium should and shouldn’t be used for and a tendency to summarily confiscate it from people they felt wouldn’t do the right things with it, whether it had been stolen from Wakanda or sourced from the disparate chunks that had littered the earth after the meteor fell. Tony had been both dubious and curious about that attitude until T’Challa had explained that Wakanda had not been without its internal ructions from time to time during their isolation and t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Sort Of
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Justin Hammer is a dick
But What's New There
Alternate Universe - Shifters
Zemo will complete his plans come hell or high water
moderate due to trolls
This was meant to be a bit silly and funny
with Tony cheering on badass Rhodey
but instead it turned angsty
sorry about that

fandom: 
None
