Work Text:
Bucky is squirming again.
'I told you, no fingers Buck.'
'C'mon Steve,' he whines frustratedly, rocking his hips into the mattress. 'You gotta put something in me. I cant come empty anymore.'
Steve's face flushes hot at that, his dick verging on uncomfortable now, knowing that Bucky needs him so much, that hes ruined his friend for sex forever.
'Yeah alright, I'm coming.'
He gets up out of his chair and goes into the bedroom, smiling smugly at Bucky's needy sighs.
He'd been jerking off for the past half hour, positioned on the bed so Steve can see him from the kitchen table. It was fun listening to Bucky get more and more worked up without getting anywhere but that needy plea pushed Steve over the edge and now he wants to get off too.
He clambers behind Bucky on the bed and pushes his shirt up so it bunches under his armpits, baring smooth, lightly sweating skin to Steves mouth. Bucky groans low and relieved when Steve starts licking and kissing and biting his way down his spine, he clenches his hands tighter in the sheets and tilts his hips back, nudging his ass against Steve's dick. It earns him a small chuckle and a hot whisper in his ear.
'You're so desperate for it aren't you. What do want this time huh? My fingers? My cock? Or my paintbrush again? I remember how much you liked that one.'
Bucky drops his head and jerks his hips hard, his cock leaks at the memory of Steve fucking him ever so slowly with the fat handle of his largest paintbrush. Steve didn't let him move or touch himself and it was agony, fucking Bucky for what felt like hours while he ignored him and read a book.
It was so impersonal and Bucky had hated it as much as he loved it, Steve's punishments always skating on the border of rewards.
He manages to choke out the words, 'Please no. I want your cock Stevie. I want it in me.'
He sounds deliciously desperate and Steve swells with pride. He watches Bucky pushing his ass out again, begging for attention, then reaches forward to pull his pants down. Steve does it slowly, letting go just underneath the plump curve of Bucky's backside.
Bucky was sat on the backs of his ankles when he started, but had spread his legs further and further as time went on, getting to that angle where his ass was on display and his cock could rub against the bunched up bed clothes.
Bucky whined when he was exposed, still pretty much clothed but just ready to be fucked. It felt inherently more dirty to only be undressed enough for Steve's access, like it was going to be hard and fast like Bucky had had girls in alleyways before. He rocks his hips again, burning with the need for friction at the thought of him being the girl, desperate for something to fill him up.
Steve's hands rest on his hips and squeeze a little.
'I swear Buck, if you ever go to someone else for this I will tan your hide.'
Bucky laughs and stutters his grinding on the rucked up pile of sheets.
'You know I'd never do that. And you know I like it when you tan my hide.'
He turns back to look at Steve and gives him a wink.
Steve hums in agreement and then out of nowhere delivers a hard smack to Bucky's cheeks. It jolts Bucky, the fabric of his pants creaking as he tries to spread his legs wider. He stays silent though, Steve can see his back trembling with the effort of holding his breath. He waits until Bucky dares to breathe again before landing a second one. Its directly over the cleft and one of his fingers must have caught his hole because Bucky tosses his head back and falls out of pace with his grinding.
'Do that again and I'll come,' he pants, clearly not expecting to play tonight.
'You better not come until I say you can Barnes.'
Bucky huffs and grunts when Steve digs his fingers into the meat of his ass, massaging hard enough to probably leave bruises.
'Oh "Barnes" is it? Rogers.'
'Careful there Buck,' Steve's tone is amused but warning, and although Bucky doesn't reply, Steve can still hear the grin on his face.
He lets him have two more smacks, in quick succession, before he catches Bucky off-guard and shoves a finger in him. Its completely dry and Bucky cries out, caught up in the sharp and pulsing waves of pain. He takes it beautifully and Steve praises him, even though he knows Bucky loves it rough.
Steve feels around inside him for a while, that one finger stroking for Bucky's sweet spot. Its hot and dry inside, and the spasmodic tightening makes Steve's dick ache with longing. He wants to fuck Bucky as much as Bucky wants to be fucked, hard and brutal until they're both spent and breathless. It isn't difficult for Steve to become breathless because of his lungs, but it usually happens too soon and it frustrates them both, no matter how much Bucky protests otherwise.
'Fuck Steve, please I gotta,' Bucky pleads, his breathing already shallow, fucking himself gingerly back on the one slim digit. Steve knows its not enough to satisfy Bucky and the chafing is probably killing him, but the temptation to rile him up even more is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Light BDSM
Light Dom/sub
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Spanking
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex
mentions of object insertion
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

