Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 “—live from Dodgers Stadium in Brooklyn! Next up to the plate is Vic Lombardi. He had a great run last game—“ 

Steve blinked slowly. Light was drifting lazily through the window to his right. He turned over. Across the room, a little radio on the dresser buzzed quietly. 

Where was Bucky? He loved baseball.

 “—struck out! The Dodgers have one more chance to bring this one home with Eddie Basinski—“ 

Basinski. Bottom of the 9th. Home run with Rosen on 2nd. Dodgers win 4 to 2.

 “—here comes the pitch… and it’s a hit! It’s going long! Basinki’s rounding first, Rosen’s made it to 3rd… and it is gone! A home run for Basinski! Dodgers win 4 to 2!” 

Steve sat up. He’d heard that game before. They all had. In France with the Commandos. Bucky’d convinced Howard to get them access to the Dodgers’ games on their SSR radio. They were supposed to keep the channel open in case of incoming messages but it was cold and they were tired and Bucky just wanted to listen to some goddamn baseball. 

Something creaked outside. Steve pushed the thin blanket off his chest and placed his bare feet on the ground. He was in a thin metal bed. The nightstand held a small lamp and a glass of water. There was a chair in the corner with a jacket thrown over it. Out the window there were brick buildings and in the distance he could see the New York skyline.

It was wrong. 

Maybe he just wasn’t used to being dead yet. Drowning in icy water hadn’t been pleasant so Steve figured he could be forgiven for feeling off kilter. Whether he was in heaven or hell, he couldn’t say, but he supposed he’d find out soon enough. 

The door opened.

“Good morning, Captain.”

The woman had long brown hair. It was loose and hung around her shoulders in informal curls. She was dressed as an agent but her shirt hadn’t been pressed properly; it bunched where it was tucked into her long skirt, wrinkling the fabric, and she wasn’t wearing stockings. Peggy wouldn’t have been caught dead like that. 

“Or should I say, afternoon,” she said, checking her watch. 

“Why are you dressed like that?” Steve asked, his voice felt oddly rough.

The woman blinked at him.

“Excuse me?”

“Why are you dressed like that?” Steve repeated, gesturing to her general untidiness.

“I’m not sure what you mean.”

It didn’t make sense. If this was heaven, shouldn’t everything be perfect? Where was Bucky?

“Where’s Bucky?”

“Captain,” the woman’s eyes flicked over his shoulder, “You’ve been asleep for some time—“

“Where’s Bucky?”

Steve stood and took a step toward her. This was all wrong. Bucky was supposed to be here. He made for the door but before he could reach it a man burst in. At least Steve thought it was a man. He was covered from head to toe in strange black armor. The helmet that covered his face was made of with shiny black glass. There was a gun at his hip.

Hell then. 

“Captain, calm down,” the woman said, grabbing his arm as if she could hold him back.

Steve shook her off easily and a strong kick to the man’s sternum sent him flying back through the door, which splintered like toothpicks. Steve didn’t think twice before running. Outside the wood floor turned concrete. He was on some kind of set. The wall was illuminated with a huge picture of New York. The room he had been in was just a box.

“Bucky?” He shouted, running toward what he thought might be an exit.

“Captain Rogers!”

More men in black armor were scuttling toward him like insects. One grabbed him from behind. Steve didn’t think he just reacted. By the time that one was on the ground two more were in front of him. One of their visors cracked against his fist. The other got a punch to the stomach and an elbow to the back of his neck when he doubled over. Eight more swarmed around him. 

Too many. 

He didn’t have any of his gear. Just a white t-shirt and some thin pants. So he ran. He kicked open the first door he came to and stumbled out into a crowded foyer. Women and men in suits turned to look as he ran past, he saw some touch their ears before beginning to chase after him. He kept going until he burst out onto a bright street. There were buildings on either side: brick apartments. The street was lined with cars but they were sleek and streamlined, chrome bumpers gone, and vividly colored like something out of Bucky’s sci-fi novels. He picked a direction and took off. He could still hear shouting behind him so he didn’t look back. A woman with a dog turned the corner ahead. She was wearing tight black pants and an even tighter, bright pink top that left her whole stomach exposed. She carried a neon green bottle and there was some sort of machine attached to her arm with white cords plugged into her ears. The dog, a golden retriever, barked at him as he sprinted past, his mind reeling. Around the corner he was hit with a sight he hadn’t seen in a long time.

The Brooklyn bridge stood tall and proud in the distance, and beyond it, the skyline of New York City. 

Home, somehow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
POV Steve Rogers
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Not Found by Hydra
Artist Steve Rogers
Recovering Steve Rogers
recovering Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Slow Burn
Moving In Together
Therapy
Implied/Referenced Suicide
in reference to Steve crashing the plane
Sharing a Bed
Sharing Clothes
Mutual Pining
Love Confessions
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Riding
Topping from the Bottom
Top Bucky Barnes
Implied Bottom Bucky Barnes
Happy Ending
Embedded Images
Implied/Referenced Torture
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
Chapter 1 Contains the Whole Story- Chapter 2 is Just Artwork Based on the Fic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

