Work Text:
Erik notices his words two days after his power manifests; two days after he hears but doesn’t see the bullet rip through his mother’s heart, after she promised him that everything would be okay.He notices it as he’s crouched in the corner of the shower, the cold water trickling down his back and pooling around his toes as they curl under the soles of his feet. He bends his head down to rest it on his knees and sees the smudge on his chest, and tries to rub it off – but it won’t. He scrubs and scrubs but it doesn’t shift. It’s not until he gets out of the shower and stands in front of the mirror that he can see it clearly, albeit backwards, and his heart sinks.lass los it says in a fine and spidery hand, in a line from beneath his right armpit and up across to his left shoulder. The writing is permanently wet – smudged and dripping but seared into his skin. He traces the letters with trembling fingers, and wonders whose words they could possibly be. He hates it a little, hates the thought that every time he meets somebody he’ll be listening carefully to what they say. And what if lots of people say it? It’s hardly an uncommon phrase, not like his mother’s, who had known immediately who her soulmate was as soon as he’d opened his mouth.Herr Schmidt notices a week later, when he makes Erik take off his shirt so that he can attach him to the machine. He mimics Erik’s previous inspection of the words and his hands are even colder than the metal table that Erik’s lying on. Erik waits for a comment of some sort, anything at all, but Schmidt says nothing – he just smiles, and reaches for the scalpel. ** Erik likes to keep his words hidden. He doesn’t envy those whose words are in obvious places, where anybody who cares to look will see. That’s a level of knowledge of somebody that shouldn’t be so easily obtained.He hears stories about soulmates from the guards and other prisoners at the facility. They tell him about people who have ignored their words and married whom they think they love, only for their actual soulmate to turn up and for them to leave their husband or wife for the person that completes them. He hears of soulmates who end up hating each other and wanting them dead. He hears of ones who finds each other when they’re so young that they don’t know what they’re doing, and who stay together until they die. He hears of one who don’t meet their soulmate until they’re old and struggling to walk, and can’t appreciate what they finally managed to find.He’s not sure what he hopes for his soulmate to be like. He just hopes that Schmidt never gets his hands on whoever it is. ** Two months before his eighteenth birthday, Erik escapes.A decade later, he still won’t be able to explain where the sudden surge of power comes from, but he wakes in the early hours of the morning feeling like his blood is on fire and his whole body is aching. The backs of his eyes burn as he reaches out and seizes every metallic particle that he can find, and brings the whole facility crashing down to its foundations.(Twelve years, six months and twenty-two days later and four thousand miles away, he will learn that the moment that he got the surge of power was the moment that his first words wrote themselves on his soulmate’s skin.)He doesn’t stop, doesn’t look back, just wraps himself in metal to protect himself and keeps going until his head and heart stop pounding and his legs are weak with exertion, and the sun is starting to rise. It’s cold and dark in Warsaw at this time of year and his pyjamas offer very little warmth beneath his metal suit, and he shivers as he takes stock of his surroundings.It’s been years since he walked the streets of the city but he can still half-remember his way around, and it only takes him a further two hours to find the train station. He leaves the metal in a back alley near the entrance and tries to ignore the strange looks that he receives from early morning commuters as his bare feet crunch on the light covering of snow that’s fallen overnight.He spends some time in the station itself, stealing a few coins here and there from passing strangers (but never too much, not enough for them to notice) and checking the board for departures. Eventually he scrapes together enough to buy a ticket – despite the clearly distrustful look that the warden gives him – and boards his train away from Poland.He falls asleep within minutes of sitting down, as the midday sun crawls across the sky and a wailing baby’s screams fill the carriage. The power surge has long since left him, and in its place is a gaping hole and a throbbing pain across his chest.The words inscribed there shifts as he crosses the border but it’s weeks before he notices as he washes in a Genoan canal early one morning before heading down to the docks to work. It’s smudged, the letters barely legible but still wet and dripping – he checks it every day and watches as the letters become clearer, warping and shifting, and Erik wonders if s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
soulmate!AU

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

