Work Text:
Bruce stared in the mirror as he got ready for work. With a sigh, he scooped his hair back and under the baseball cap he was allowed to wear. He was working in an industrial plant, and they were happy as long as it had the company logo on it. As a general rule he didn’t much like hats. He appreciated their use in hiding his identity and also the extremely identifying mark that matched him to his soulmate, but he didn’t like how they blocked out parts of his vision, made it harder to see around him. 
When he was constantly on the lookout for some government agency or another (Re:General Ross) to pop out of the woodwork looking for him, it was better to be safe than sorry. Turning away from the mirror, secure in the fact that he was sufficiently covered, Bruce left the tiny flat he’d managed to rent. 
As he slipped out onto the street he kept his head down, shoving his hands in his pockets as he made his way to work through the bustle of the city. He usually avoided cities as a rule, but something had been drawing him this way. Even more than that - he’d been in South America when the pull to move had come. 
For once he’d allowed himself to reach out, actually turning on the phone that Tony had given him. He knew the other man was more than capable of tracking him even with the phone off, even of turning it on remotely, and was fairly certain he was willing to call and ask for help because the man hadn’t done just that. Instead he’d respected his need to travel and be elsewhere when there wasn’t some crazy world ending event going on. So he’d called and Tony had just sent his plane. 
Bruce shook his head at the memory. 
He’d been convinced he was going to find Tony onboard, but all he found was Jarvis who welcomed him and provided conversation whenever he wanted it but otherwise left him to his own devices. Another point for Tony. 
So next thing he knew he was in Europe, and because Tony wouldn’t be Tony if he didn’t meddle just a little bit, he was living under the identity that had been provided with proper documentation in a briefcase on the plane. So now he was Bruce Verde (and yes, he did see what Tony had done there and was only marginally amused), who had a proper work permit to be working in Europe and everything. 
What he wanted to know was what had drawn him to Europe. 
His thoughts were drawn to the lock of hair that was gamma radiation green. It was especially noticeable against his black hair, though Bruce was also fairly certain that there wasn't a hair colour out there that the green wouldn’t stand out against. But more importantly, he wondered if his soulmate was somewhere in the UK. He couldn't imagine why on earth he’d be drawn there otherwise, really. 
The Hulk grumbled in the back of his mind, not at all content with all the concrete surrounding them. He, like Bruce, preferred more open spaces; the countryside. 
We need to find out why we’re here first. Bruce thought carefully, and the Hulk grumbled again but didn’t disagree. He knew the Other Guy was just as curious about what was drawing them here as he was. He also knew that if he were to allow Hulk some free range, he could probably track the feeling far more carefully, but Bruce was leery of letting him out somewhere this populated. Not only had they gone a really long time without any incidents where civilians got hurt, but if it was the draw of his soulmate, he didn’t want to draw the people after him to this area of the world. 
When it came to protecting their soulmate, the Hulk whole heartedly agreed. 
It had taken a lot of getting used to to come to terms with the fact that whoever his soulmate was was bound to both he and the Hulk. Surprisingly, once he’d gotten over the shock, it had also been one of the things that they’d bonded over - that had made sharing control so much easier. Having someone they mutually wanted to protect and keep safe seemed to be all it had taken. 
The phone in his pocket started to ring and Bruce sighed. And after he’d just been thinking about how well Tony had been respecting his privacy. Shaking his head, Bruce pulled the phone from his pocket. He didn’t even have the chance to speak before Tony’s voice came through. 
“Look Brucie-Bear, I know we’ve been working really hard on boundaries and not crossing them so you know by now that I wouldn’t call if it wasn’t important. But well, this is important. Couldn’t wait. In fact, you shouldn’t wait. You need to get out of Glasgow. Someone tipped Ross off and he knows where you are. Jarvis flagged the info but I’m worried he already has people on the ground.” Bruce was already walking back towards the apartment, keeping his gait relaxed but keeping a brisk pace. Even as Tony took a breath, Bruce was interrupting. 
“You don’t have to apologize, I appreciate you calling me.” then he felt guilty, because Tony had done so much for him, and in return he’d purposefully shut the man out so he could brood. What Tony really wanted was a friend, and he had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmate AU
Age Difference
Post-Avengers (2012)
During Goblet of Fire
Not Canon Compliant
obviously
probably a bit OOC
Tony Stark plays a very brief role
Definite Crack
not really treated seriously
not tagged as underage because we're really not going the romantic route until they're both of age
not romantic soulmates yet
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Harry Potter

