Chapter 1: Attention of an Ancient
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The woman’s amythest eyes were narrowed.Her attention had initially been called to the ordeal by the aftermath of the Vienna bombing. As a woman used to thinking of long-term political consequences, the actions of Steve Rogers had “disaster” written all over them. She didn’t know what he was thinking – she felt reasonably certain he was thinking only of himself – but the consequences of this would stretch far beyond his own little bubble. This would affect every enhanced individual in the world, eventually. The first ones to suffer, though, would be his fellow Americans.Tony Stark was the only one that seemed to understand that.Ordinarily, she would not have bothered because she was Egyptian. Thaddeus Ross’s ridiculous power-play wouldn’t be her problem for quite a while. However, she’d always known that cutting a problem off at the source was better for everyone. Especially with a group as public as the Avengers. What they did would affect every enhanced in the world.The time to set precedent was now.Or rather…a precedent to call attention to.The first step was to keep an eye on the young fools. While that was going on, she made her existence known to the United Nations. Who she was actually was simply difficult to believe and understand but she made it clear she was prepared to prove it. She agreed to take a group of archaeologists – chosen by the UN committee – to an ancient archive hidden in the Egyptian desert.Usually they dug up tombs and temples. An archive was completely different.Before the expedition could take place, though, this woman’s man reported to her the fight of the airport and the subsequent theft of the quinjet which then resulted in them heading for Siberia. While she was reporting this to the UN, Tony Stark called in to Russia to request permission to enter their airspace, with the reason why.Upon hearing that the Russian military was en route to help deal with the problem, she breathed a sigh of relief. It was being handled.At least Tony Stark seemed to understand how fragile this situation was.Then, the next morning she got the news.‘How badly has he been injured?’ she asked.‘Collapsed chest cavity,’ her right-hand man, Anan, said. ‘Extensive frost bite and extreme blood loss. He’s been placed in Dr. Helen Cho’s cradle in order to regenerate what can be regenerated. Currently, he’s in a UN Sanctioned hospital. Rogers and Barnes escaped. But Prince T’Challa turned in a man called Helmet Zemo, and confirmed Dr. Stark’s statement that Barnes was framed by this man.’‘Really?’ Her eyes narrowed. ‘And did Prince T’Challa bring in Dr. Stark’s wounded body as well?’‘No, Your Grace. That was the Russian military.’She leaned her head back. ‘Hm…’‘You know where they are?’ Anan asked.‘It’s quite obvious. But if T’Challa wants to shoot himself in the foot, that’s his business. Get me access to Wakanada’s database, and alert me immediately once Rogers leaves the country and heads for the Raft.’Anan raised an eyebrow. ‘You think he would stage a break-out?’‘Of course he would. And then what are all of our efforts for?’ This whole time he’d done nothing but prove Thaddeus Ross’s paranoia valid. To invalidate it, they would have to show Rogers and his sucker crew to be the exception rather than the rule. ‘Also, keep an eye on Dr. Stark’s condition. As soon as he is able, I’d like to have a chat with him. Put it through the UN.’‘You wish an alliance.’‘I’ll be needing it. And so will he.’

***
Tony was out of it for a week, thanks in part to Helen’s Cradle, but he was still required to stay an extra week in the hospital to be sure. Unfortunately, he and Dr. Wu had agreed that Tony would require the Arc Reactor to be replaced in his chest. Tony had rather hoped he saw the last of it.Part of him was still angry. His mother and his father had died on that back road. They had been murdered, not died accidentally as he had been left to believe for the past quarter of a century. Now, with time to think about it, Tony began wondering how many people had known. Nick? Peggy Carter? How many people knew and kept quiet about it like Rogers did? Because it benefitted them not to say anything. Obie obviously knew. After all, he’d given what was now clearly false witness to the “accident”. But that was nothing compared to Rogers.His father had been instrumental in creating Captain America – the machine to inject him, the first mission, the gear. He had spent the better part of his life looking for Rogers, if only to bring his body home. He had spent most of his time with Tony telling him what a hero the man was. He’d considered Rogers his friend, as Tony had. And this was how Rogers repaid him?It wasn’t just a betrayal to Tony. It was a betrayal to Howard too.And that stung more than anything else.Tony passed the time by looking into the movements of the Accords. He found himself deeply am
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Moderated
Tags May Change

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

