Work Text:

He wakes up on the floor.
There’s a moment where Peter can’t help but panic at the sight of the white ceiling above him and the weight of a blanket on top of him, but then it all comes back to him, just as it always does.He has a place to live now.It’s been a little over a week since Tony approached him in the alley, and it still doesn’t quite feel real. The first night, he tried to sleep on the king-sized bed, body sinking into the memory foam mattress. He enjoyed the softness, the warmth, the comfort. But after hours of tossing and turning, he had found that he simply could not sleep.Turns out, after spending months sleeping on cold pavement, his body just doesn’t know how to relax on anything else.
Maybe he’s just not worthy of a bed.
So now, Peter sleeps on the floor, which is still a million times better than what he had before. Carpet, at least, is soft. Has a little give.It’s just waking up to a roof over his head that really throws him off.“Good morning, Mr. Parker,” FRIDAY greets, and Peter jumps, startled. That voice every morning throws him off too, but Peter figures there’s no getting used to having an omnipresent AI in the walls.“Uh, good morning,” he replies, tossing the large blanket off of him and stretching.“Boss would like me to let you know that breakfast is about to be served,” the AI informs him, and his stomach growls in answer.“Sounds good. Thank you, FRIDAY,” Peter says politely.“It’s my pleasure.”Peter quickly gets to his feet and walks to his closet - he has actual clothes now! - and pulls on a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt, not in the mood for anything fancier. He spends most of his time down in the gym anyways, so he figures there wouldn’t be any point.After a quick brush of his hair and teeth, he hurries down to the communal kitchen. Even though it's common knowledge that the Avengers live in the Tower, there’s still something about how… domestic they are that catches Peter off guard. Months without a family, and he’s already forgotten what having one feels like.Breakfast, from what Peter has noticed in the short time he’s been here, is a casual affair. His mouth waters at the smell of sausage and the sizzle of bacon. Warm, home-cooked food like this is a luxury he’ll never take for granted again.“Good morning, Peter,” Steve greets kindly from where he’s scrambling eggs and manning the bacon at the stove. And it’s still totally unreal, because who would have guessed that some kid living on the street would be eating a breakfast made by Captain Fucking America?“Good morning!” he responds happily, stomach growling again as he takes a seat on one of the barstools at the island, next to Rhodey.Natasha is sitting on the counter next to the stove, snagging hot strips of bacon as Steve moves them to a plate, lightly smacking her hand away. She grins smugly as she tears off a bite.Tony is leaning against the island, on the other side of Rhodey, watching everyone contentedly as he cradles a cup of steaming coffee. Meanwhile, Clint is already raiding the fridge, drinking straight out of a carton of orange juice.“Oi!” Tony exclaims. “Pour that in a glass, you heathen.”
Clint snorts. “At least I don’t have to be 

reminded 

to eat, you self-sacrificing scrap of metal.”
“Yeah, and who’s the billionaire?” Tony retorts, and Clint rolls his eyes, taking another sip from the carton.“Guess that means you won’t mind buying us another carton of orange juice,” he quips, and Tony huffs before turning and winking at Peter.“Sleep okay?” Tony asks him, and Peter nods.“Yup. I really appreciate the room and everything,” he says earnestly, and Tony sighs.“For the last time, kid. You don’t have to thank me for common decency. What was I supposed to do - make you sleep on the couch?”Peter shrugs. “Sure.”Beside him, Rhodey shakes his head. “Absolutely not.”Peter’s just about to protest that statement when Steve cuts in. “Breakfast is done. If Nat hasn’t eaten all of it already,” he adds, tossing a glare in her direction as she grabs yet another piece of bacon.Everyone gets up, filing into a line to grab food, and Peter instinctually goes to the back. He has to make sure everyone else gets enough food first, a habit from taking care of his kids.It’s only after he’s made sure everyone has put an ample supply of food on their plate that he steps forward and adds food to his own plate. He only takes two pancakes, some eggs, and two slices of bacon - not nearly enough for his boosted metabolism, but he wants to make sure there’s enough for everyone else to have seconds.When he sits down at the spacious dining table, Tony raises an eyebrow at him but thankfully doesn’t say anything. Peter doesn’t waste any time before digging in so that no one can take it away from him and he nearly moans at the taste.“Where’s Sam?” Clint asks curiously.“He’s got his group therapy thing today,” Natasha answers. “He said he’ll be back around noon.”“Good. We’re training at one today,” Tony tells them. He then turns his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Homeless Peter Parker
except he's not actually homeless anymore yay!
Whump
Angst
Food Issues
Team as Family
Tony is a dad
Guilt
Self-Hatred
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

