Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter couldn’t believe this. They weren’t really going to keep him in a room until he spoke to the man sat across from him, did they? Nurses Rogers and Barnes literally had to drag him into the counselling room by the arms, but it didn’t stop him from trying to kick them as best as he could. The kicks didn’t do much, not when he was wearing these stupid velcro’d sneakers, and he was put down on the counselling sofa and told to wait for the psychiatrist to show up. The minute Doctor Stark showed up, Peter’s face shifted into a glare and didn’t move from that expression the whole time they were sat together. ”If you think I’ll talk, spill out my daddy issues or whatever, you’re fucking wrong. I’m not saying shit. This is fucking useless anyway. When can I go home? You can’t keep me here forever.” He spat, looking at the psychiatrist through narrowed eyes.
”You’re correct there, Parker." The doctor answered calmly, settling onto the chair to face his newest patient. "It’s just two weeks of observation. But that is an awfully long time to stay silent, don’t you think? We don’t have to talk about heavy stuff, just whatever you want." He explained further, making a hand gesture towards the boy in front of him. "The bird that you saw out the window, another patient here, what you ate today…”
Peter rolled his eyes, unimpressed, before crossing his arms and settling back against the couch with his shoulders slumped. Maybe it made him look like a moody teenager, but he didn’t give a shit. He turned his head to look over at the door, eyeing it up with the intention of legging it as soon as he could. “I didn’t eat today.” He grumbled, so quiet that it could be easily missed. He was already getting tired of this conversation, and he had only been talking to this doctor for two minutes.
Tony caught onto what the teenager said, even if it was mumbled and spoke more sternly. ”You have to take your meds with food, Peter. You have been informed of what happens if you don’t take them willingly, yes?” The doctor said and briefly glanced down at the boy´s file in his lap and at the long list of medications.
“I know.” Peter said, his leg starting to bounce with irritation. This was stupid, he wasn’t insane! These doctors could keep feeding him pills all they wanted, but he didn’t belong here. His leg got faster and faster until he let out a growl and stamped his foot against the floor. “This is fucking stupid. I don’t give a shit about any of this, so just leave me the fuck alone!” He cried, jumping up from the couch and storming out of the room, slamming the door behind him. He didn’t give a shit about what anyone had to say, he thought to himself as he made his way down the long, clinical hallways of the psychiatric ward. He didn’t belong here. 
With a little sigh, Tony closed the Parker boy´s file in his lap and got up to make notes of their little interaction. Some would call it bad, or even lazy, psychiatric practice to label someone so early on in the treatment process, but Tony knew what he saw. The boy was clearly one with avoidant attachment, making him fall into category A of Ainsworth's classification system. Finishing up his notes, Tony started thinking about their next session.
---
The next day came, and again Peter had to be forced back into the counselling room by the two nurses, Rogers and Barnes. Although they had deadpan expressions as they carry him in, Peter could tell that the screaming and kicking was slowly getting to them, and he couldn’t help a triumphant grin when they left. However, that smile fell as soon as Doctor Stark arrived. 
After ten minutes of silence, Peter chose to speak. “Is this gonna be a daily thing? Us just sitting here saying nothing?” He asked, his eyes narrowed once more as he looked over the doctor warily. He wondered what the notepad on his lap said about him, but mostly he just wanted to leave.
Tony made a mental note on the boy's skinny frame. He wasn't suffering from an eating disorder, which some doctors would falsely diagnose, but Tony saw that it is most likely connected to something else if the boy's file is anything to go on. “Daily one-on-one sessions are mandatory, yes, but what you decide to spend that time talking about is up to you. Like I said yesterday, we do not have to talk about the hard things just yet. What you did today is more than enough.” Tony explained calmly, again making a gesture to the boy that welcomed him to talk about anything that he wanted.
Peter huffed, hoisting his legs up to cross them on the couch. At the back of his mind, he was mildly aware that the dirt on the bottom of his sneakers from when he went outside would get onto the sofa, but for now he couldn’t find it in him to care. “Well, I woke up, the shitty nurses forced food and drugs down my throat, I went outside and now I’m stuck here.” He recounted, clutching his ankles in his hands with his shoulders hunched forward. He refused to hold eye contact wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Thor
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Age Play
Ageplay
Non-Sexual Ageplay
Daddy Kink
Daddy Tony
Little Peter
Nurse Steve Rogers
Nurse Bucky Barnes
Sickfic
Sick Character
Hospitalization
Mental Health Issues
Slow Burn
And I mean Really Slow Burn
Fluff
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dom/sub Undertones
Spanking
Crying
Making Out
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Feels
First Time
Hand Jobs
Smut

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Thor
Loki & Peter Parker

