Work Text:
Tony sighed as he settled into the fluffy pillows surrounding him on the plush couch. As expensive and comfortable as the European goose down was, it just couldn’t make up for the aches and pains covering his body following the battle in Siberia- even with plenty of painkillers in his system. He idly scratched at his bare chest, now once again sporting an arc reactor and a new scar all the way across his chest in a very familiar curve, perfectly matching the edge of the Captain America shield. Tony would always have a physical reminder of Steve’s betrayal now.Rhodey was at physical therapy for his back- apparently he  wasn’t going to be completely paralyzed, but he would never be the same. Tony was going to make him something so he could walk and run again, and fly the War Machine armor better than ever. The armor would need work too- it needs a way to stop a fall even if the power is cut. Maybe airbags? Tony could come up with something when his head cleared from the pain and drugs.Pepper was working her butt off for SI, keeping everything under control, with his injury and the whole “Avengers Civil War” thing making shareholders nervous. She really was a goddess, stock prices had barely moved. Tony couldn’t have picked a better CEO if he tried- and she still made time to call three times already today to check on him, and it’s only 2pm.“Boss,” Friday called out, “it would appear you have some guests.” As she was talking in walked Loki, followed by Doom, Killmonger, Magneto, and Mystique. And was Doom carrying a bottle of scotch? And why did Loki have flowers? And did Mystique have his favorite pineapple ice cream? What was going on?“What’s going on?” Tony asked warily, eyeing the ice cream. Come on, he’s injured, he should be allowed to eat all the ice cream he wants.“We come bearing get well gifts,” declared Magneto.“Uhhh….what?”“We come bearing gifts,” Magneto repeated, “as is customary when an acquaintance is injured or ill.”“Yeah, ok, but I always thought that was more of a friends thing?” Why wasn’t Tony raising the alarm? More importantly, why didn’t he feel like he needed to?“True,” Loki inclined his head slightly in Tony’s direction, “but we felt the need to let our feelings be known. It is below even us to leave behind a deeply injured ally with no way to call for help, even if we betrayed that ally and were the one to injure them.”“Captain America has no honor,” Doom announced.“He lied to you and used you as his personal bank for years to fund his search for your parents’ murderer. He is the lowest kind of filth,” Killmonger said imperiously.“...how...how do you know about that?” Tony asked, swallowing.“Hydra has excellent surveillance systems, even in abandoned bases.”“Here, eat your ice cream before it melts,” Mystique handed Tony the ice cream and a spoon, removing the lid of the carton for him.“...thanks. So...no offense, since this is my favorite ice cream...and scotch...and red peonies are my favorite too, not sure how you knew that, but...why do you guys care? Isn’t it good for you that the Avengers are broken up and I’m injured?” Tony asked, digging into his ice cream and scooping the pineapple-y goodness into his mouth.“We may be villains,” Loki said haughtily, “but even we refuse to sink as low as Steve Rogers has.”“He is unworthy of being called a villain, he is beneath us,” Doom said.“There is honor among villains, a code, if you will. He has violated that code and as such he cannot be allowed to be associated among our ranks.” Killmonger added.“He is obviously not a hero anymore, if he ever was,” Magneto chimed in, “but we will not allow him to tarnish our names by allowing him to be considered a villain of our caliber.”“His strategies are flimsy and predictable, he does not realize that you are always covering for his mistakes. Now that you won’t be there to pick up the slack he will undoubtedly fall on his face and realize that he is nowhere near so great as he thinks he is,” Loki sniffed.“We would never make such basic mistakes, nor would we abandon a trusted teammate to die alone in the middle of nowhere with no way to call for help.” Doom said.“We wouldn’t even leave an enemy in such a state. Death would be far kinder and more favorable,” Mystique added.“Yes,” Magneto contributed, “if you’re going to try to kill someone, at least have the decency to finish the job.”“I’m feeling oddly defended right now,” Tony muttered.“You should, we are on your side on this,” Loki said.“We, the  real  villains, are going to help you capture the so-called ‘Rogue Avengers,’” Doom declared.“They are sullying our reputation. That cannot stand,” Magneto said disdainfully.Suddenly the balcony door slammed open and the Rogues stormed in.“Tony!” Steve barked. “How could you let them do that to Wanda? They had a collar on her!”Tony just sighed wearily.“I didn’t do anything to Wanda- that was all Ross. It was illegal and he will face the consequences of his actions, the Accords Council is alre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark and Supervillains

freeform: 
ignores T'Challa
because I don't want to deal with him
or Wakanda
the Rogues get put in their place
villains hate the rogues
villains are the real heroes here
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark and Supervillains

