Work Text:
Bucky Barnes has always lived at the edge of Steve’s map.  From grade school to church to this foul-smelling dock job, where Bucky heaves crates around and Steve counts figures in the dark, cool office, they’ve always been close enough to be aware of each other but too far to strike up any real friendship. They’ve lived in the same neighborhood among the same stock of beaten-down Irish immigrants their whole lives, and they’ve had three proper conversations.Once, at school, Bucky hadn’t been able to diagram sentences for beans, and Steve had offered to do the assignment for him.  He knows it’s probably his fault that Bucky still doesn’t know how to do it, unless some kind, smart girl has taught him since.  But he doesn’t really care, because Bucky had flipped through his sketchbook and heaped enough praise on Steve’s drawing skills that his cheeks flared red all day. Another time, Bucky had drunkenly stumbled upon Steve getting beat-up behind a bar, and he’d rolled up his sleeves and thrown himself at Steve’s attackers.  Walking home, with Steve’s black eye and Bucky’s bleeding nose, they’d talked about the fight and each other’s moves and what a prick Joey McConnell is. The last time, Steve’s favorite time, Bucky had been on a date with a girl and her homelier, trailing best friend.  Bucky had spotted Steve across the diner, and his eyes had lit up.  “Perfect, my friend Steve just got here!  He can show Kate a good time.”  And that’s how Steve had ended up on his first and only date, keeping shy, awkward Kate company while Bucky romanced her prettier and livelier friend.  Bucky had thanked Steve at the end of the night when the girls walked off, arm-in-arm, and told him that he’d be a ladykiller yet.   (Steve remembers every word.  He also remembers every time they’ve sat in the same pew at church, and every time they’ve nodded at each other silently as their paths crossed on the street, and every time Bucky’s picked up his pay with a quiet, “Thanks.”  He commits each interaction to memory like a religious experience.)It scares him sometimes, the way he feels like the bottom drops out of his stomach when he sees Bucky’s messy head in a crowd of workers, or the way he tingles in anticipation and his breathing goes thin hours before he knows Bucky’s going to come in to pick up his dock wages.  He secretly admires several of the men working at the docks – he knows it’s a perversion, but that doesn’t stop him from looking out the windows as the men drip with sweat and pick up cartons weighing more than Steve does – but his want for Bucky is different. He thinks about abusing his clerk position.  He thinks about putting extra in Bucky’s pay, because he knows that Bucky has a passel of little nieces and nephews living in his family’s apartment (not that half the men don’t live the same way).  He thinks about skimming off of Bucky’s pay, so that Bucky will quit and stop making Steve want the impossible so damn much.  He thinks about putting a love note, or a poem, or a drawing in Bucky’s envelope.  He thinks about losing the envelopes of the men Bucky doesn’t get along with. He thinks and wants and dreams, and he never does anything about it.  What is he supposed to do?  He’s a man, and a pathetic excuse for one at that.  He has no muscle, a list of health problems longer than his arm, and he’s never even kissed anyone.  Bucky’s also a man, the best kind of man, whose sweat-defined muscles move heavy, obstinate things, whose health is never in question, and who takes out a different girl every week. Steve knows this for a fact.  Bucky’s building is on Steve’s street, and he has to walk by Steve’s fire escape to pick his dates up.   Sometimes, Steve’s still sitting and drawing on the fire escape when Bucky comes home.  Sometimes, Bucky’s clothes are askew and rumpled, like he was briefly out of them at some point in the night. So whatever Steve wants from Bucky, it’s about as likely as Steve’s father coming back to life, getting a job as CEO of U.S. Steel, and whisking Steve and his mother away to live in a mansion in Manhattan. And he’s not even sure what he wants. Some days, he just wants to get a burger with Bucky and ask him to clarify a thousand little, pointless wonders.  Like whether he uses pomade or tonic in his hair.  If he has any freckles or moles hidden by his clothing.  What his favorite joke is, to hear and to tell. Other days, he wants to cook for Bucky while Bucky soaks off grime in the bathtub and rants about his day.  Steve remembers his parents doing this, and sometimes, he’d be sent out to play and he’d come back, and his mother’s hair would be wet. Most days, he wants to push his little body against Bucky’s strong one, and he wants Bucky to push back, and with all of this pushing, he wants to end up against some surface that doesn’t give and to just keep pushing and pushing.  And then he wants to kiss Bucky’s saucy mouth, and kiss and push and kiss and push and spill into his pants 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Negative self-image
Period-typical views of homosexuality and masculinity
Identity Porn
Typical Stucky trauma

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

