Chapter 1: Spider
    




Chapter Text

Spider
Peter stumbled through the side door of his father's tower, stepping straight into the private elevator and leaned against the wall, gripping the railing in a white knuckled grip. After taking the subway home from school and walking the five blocks home, he felt about ready to drop. "Good evening, Peter." The soft voice in the elevator greeted."Hi, FRIDAY." He murmured, holding his stomach and clenching his teeth. His head was spinning, the place on his upper arm radiating heat under his sleeve. Something was wrong...he'd known that from the time he'd taken his seat on the bus beside Ned after they'd left Oscorp. His friend had looked at him, reaching out and touching his shoulder while MJ sat in front of them, ignoring them both as usual."Pete, you okay?" He had asked, shaking him a little. "Peter?" Peter had forced himself to nod, teeth clenched together so he wouldn't throw up on his friend."Yeah...yeah, I'm okay. I...just...think I ate something bad."Ned had looked pretty skeptical, which was fair, as they'd eaten the same thing...the brown-bagged sandwiches and chips with chocolate chip cookies and carrot sticks from the school cafeteria especially designed for field-trips. No one else had looked like they were about to drop...or throw up. "You sure? You want to call your dad?" He'd asked, scooting closer so they could whisper."Nah. He's at a meeting or something all day. I'm fine. Just...I'll go home and lay down." His friend had nodded, still not looking convinced."If you're sure, man." Ned had murmured, then had gone on to talk about the new Star Wars, trying to distract Peter until they'd gotten back to the school. Then he'd walked Peter to the subway station. Sometimes Happy would pick him up, but he'd had a meeting too, so Peter hadn't asked. He had started regretting that as soon as he'd started the walk back to the tower."Your heart rate and temperature are both elevated. Are you feeling ill?" FRIDAY asked."No...I'm okay…" He insisted, the elevator swimming around him. Stumbling when it came to a stop on the top floor where they lived, he gripped the railing and forced himself upright. "I'm fine." Maybe if he kept saying it, it would come true."Peter, you are not…" The AI started."Mute." He snapped, feeling a little bad. She was still kind of new...mostly he just missed JARVIS, and he knew his dad did too. Sometimes he took that out on FRIDAY when he didn't mean to. He liked Vision fine...but it wasn't the same. JARVIS had been his friend...one of very few for a long time. He still remembered those early days at Stark tower...remembered feeling so alone and so afraid. JARVIS had been his first friend. Often, when he had woken up in the middle of the night from nightmares, the AI had played soft music in the background to help him get back to sleep. Other times when his nanny had gone to her room for the night, JARVIS had read Peter various popular bedtimes stories, his melodious voice putting the boy back to sleep when nightmares of his mother woke him over and over. FRIDAY was nice too, though. She was intuitive and always kind to him. It wasn't her fault she wasn't JARVIS."Sorry...just...unmute. I'm sorry. I just...I'll be fine after a little while. I'm gonna go...lay down." He stumbled out of the elevator, hurrying down the hallway toward his bedroom. Thankfully no one was around. The rule was usually homework first, but he figured his dad would forgive him just this once. "Where's Dad?" He asked, shutting the door behind him and dropping his backpack in the corner before stumbling to his bed where he curled up on his side, shivering and pulling his blanket around him. He remembered that he'd had a meeting, but couldn't remember where."Mr. Stark is currently in a meeting with Captain Rogers, Agents Fury and Hill, and Agent Romanoff.""Where?" He asked, feeling his hands start to shake. It was getting worse. The spider bite felt like it was burning him, and he bit back a sob. Something was wrong...even he could tell. The pain radiated out from the throbbing welt on his arm and seemed to reach every part of his body, setting him on fire."Mr. Stark's meeting is at SHIELD headquarters but he will be returning this evening. Would you like me to contact him and ask him to come home now?"That was right...they'd gone to DC for the meeting while he'd been on his field trip. In the jet, it wouldn't take his dad long to come home. "No." He could wait. He didn't want his dad to miss a meeting because of him. It had happened once or twice, usually because Peter was feeling sick or had a school thing, and he always felt bad, no matter how much his dad tried to assure him it was fine. It was one thing his dad had always been good at...assuring Peter that everything was okay...that he wasn't upset with him. He'd never made Peter feel guilty for needing him. Tucking his knees against his stomach and wondering if he was going to throw up, he closed his eyes, but s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
Big Bang
Irondad Big Bang
spiderson
Peter is Tony's Biological Child
spider bites and sickness

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

