Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time Hadrian met Tony Stark they were both twenty-two and attending a conference on applied advanced mechanical physics in Amsterdam. Harry wasn’t there to learn, rather it was a favour to Hermione.Harry had been standing next to Hermione, acting mostly as body guard rather than actually learning. The talking part of the conference had ended and now everyone was mingling, so Harry refused to move more than two feet from his best friend despite that fact that intellectually, he knew she was more than a match for anyone else in the room.Because of that, he was standing right next to her when Tony Stark started flirting. Hermione handled it well to begin with, but Stark was forward. Harry had stepped in.“Mr Stark, is it?” Harry cut in, Hermione smiling at him thankfully.The rich, admittedly genius man’s gaze immediately went to Harry, the intelligent brown eyes running up and down as though sizing him up. Harry saw the change in him, saw his thoughts turn from flirting to keep his image to genuine interest. Harry could admit that the man was good looking, just a touch taller than Harry was with dark brown hair and a carefully trimmed van dyke.“That’s right. I don’t believe I know who you are though.” The man asked with a smile. The smile was an odd thing, the curve genuine but the teeth simply there for effect. Harry knew that Stark was world famous and had been raised in front of the camera, but seeing the tabloid grin just saddened him.Harry knew what it was like to be both simultaneously adored and loathed.“Hadrian Potter-Black.” Harry answered formally, trying to show that he wasn’t interested. It was a lie, but Harry wouldn’t leave Hermione that night. “Unfortunately, while Mrs Weasley-Granger is looking absolutely stunning, I feel I have to inform you that she is also happily married.”Stark’s eyes had darted towards both Hermione and Harry’s ring fingers, lingering on Harry’s bare hand before rising to Hermione’s face once more.“Your husband is an exceedingly lucky man.” Stark said, kissing Hermione carefully on the knuckles before stepping back, smirking at the blush painting her cheeks.Then, with a level of subtlety that he had doubted the man possessed, Stark had simply raised a questioning eyebrow at Harry, double checking he wasn’t interested. For a second Harry was actually disappointed that he was escorting Hermione, disappointed that he couldn’t risk a fling with someone so famous, couldn’t risk his problems coming back to bite him in the ass. He allowed a half second to mourn what could have been before regretfully shaking his head.Stark had watched him closely, his eyes razor sharp. It seemed he had seen the regret because the smirk he sported had softened. It was commiserating. And then Stark had left, moving on to the next person. Half an hour later Hermione and Harry had left too, returning to England.The sharp brown eyes had haunted him for a single night before Harry had banished them. He had other problems to worry about.   Times were changing in the magical world. As the Muggles progressed with their technology, it had become increasingly obvious that the Magical Community’s ability to hide themselves was waning.With Harry’s generation taking charge in the Ministry, change had come. The Magicals were separating from the Mundane world.It was a monumental effort, involving countless hours of effort and preparation, but they’d already had the method. The idea of an alternate reality had already been implemented previously by the elves of old; it was simply a matter of the details.Everyone was leaving, bar a stubborn handful. It made sense to move, especially when it would take little to no effort on the part of the individual.There was even a plan for muggleborns. Portals could be opened on occasion to transfer families. In time, when wizards stopped leaving squibs in orphanages and stopped marrying muggles, muggleborns would stop appearing altogether and the magicals would separate completely.The process was almost complete. Almost all magicals currently resided in the separate reality.Hermione had wanted to learn all she could before the magical world finally separated entirely, hence Harry being there to keep her company at various conferences as their time together was short.Harry was part of the handful that would not be leaving with the rest.In the four years since the end of the war Ron and Hermione had married. They suited each other perfectly and Harry had no doubt that they would get by just fine without him.Ginny and Harry had broken up within a year. They’d tried so hard to be right for each other but their personalities had just been too strong. With the war over, Harry had become fiercely independent, never wanting to be controlled again. Ginny had fallen in love with little lost Harry who had needed her to take charge. They were just too different in the end.Everyone else had moved on, but Harry hadn’t been able to.The instincts ingrained 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
World Separation
the Magical's created their own separate world
follows plot of Iron Man 1
mostly - Freeform
just with Harry added in
Relationship(s)
brief Long-Distance Relationship
happy relationship
Love
canon angst
Because Tony Stark

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

