Work Text:
“We’re eating dinner with the Avengers?!”
He smothered a smile at the kid’s not-even-a-little contained enthusiasm. “Yes, we are.”
“The Avengers!” Peter spun to grab at Tony’s elbow, stumbling backwards as he kept pushing the kid down the Compound’s maze of corridors. “And Doctor Banner!”
He nodded, still working to swallow down his fond amusement. “You’ll love Bruce. I’ve already talked to him about you. He’s as excited to meet you as you are to meet him, I think.”
“You’re the best. You’re-I-I love you. Have I ever told you that before? I-I really, really, really love you. Oh my god, Mister Stark! The Avengers!”
He swallowed down the zing of joy at Peter’s babbling. He doesn’t mean it. He’s just excited. Calm down, Stark. “Yes, yes, yes. You’re living your dream. But how about we live our dream calmly, okay? Banner’s a little… jumpy. And things with Rogers still aren’t all sunshine and rainbows. That’s why you’re here.”
“Wait. There’s a reason I’m here?”
He winced, thinking back to the conversation he’d had with Pepper only a few days ago.

He dropped down face first onto their bed with an only slightly exaggerated groan. “Rogers and the rest are coming to dinner on Friday.”


Pepper raised her eyebrows slightly, rubbing a soothing circle between his shoulder blades. “Did Ross set that up?”


“Who else?” He rubbed a stressed hand over his eyes. “God, this is a terrible idea.”


She moved to lay beside him and dropped a light kiss to his cheek as he rolled onto his back. “Bring Peter.”


“I’m sorry, you want me to what now?”


“You know what I said.”


“And why in the world would I drag the kid into this?”


“Because tempers might get high-”


“Which is exactly why I need to keep him as far away from it as possible-”


“No, which is exactly why you need him with you.” Her touch was light on his wrist. “He’s your self-control.”


“He’s my-I, I have self-control, Pep.”


“Not with Steve. Not when it comes to Barnes.” She raised a hand as he opened his mouth to protest. “I know. I know what he did. But you can’t afford to fight him again. You two need to find a middle ground. And as long as Peter’s there, I know you won’t let yourself do anything you’d regret.”

He shook the memory away. The whole situation was leaving a bad taste in his mouth, and remembering that Peter was there to be his metaphorical leash wasn’t helping.
“Yep. You’re a gray area. Keep the peace, do your thing. You know.”
“I-I really don’t.”
He stopped just shy of the door and spun Peter until their eyes met. “All you have to do is stick close and be yourself. Just… maybe make it a lowkey version of yourself, yeah?” He grinned. “Not everyone can be lucky enough to get the uncensored Parker package.”
Peter grinned back, shy and sweet. “Yeah. You-you got it, Mister Stark. I’ve got this.”
“I know you do.” He dragged a breath in through his nose, held it, then pushed it out. Let’s just hope I’ve got this too. “Alright, Pete. C’mon. Everyone’s waiting.”
Twisting the door handle felt a little like sealing his fate, but he did it anyway.
“Tony.” Steve’s shoulders were tense, but his fists were unclenched and his expression seemed friendly enough. Despite it all, Tony’s entire body screamed danger. “I… didn’t know you’d be bringing a guest.”

Why? Were you hoping you could beat the shit out of me in private?

He felt shame rise in him at the cruelty of the thought but pushed it away in favor of guiding Peter forward. “Steve, this is Peter. Peter, this is Steve.”
A flash of amusement warred with a wave of protectiveness as he watched Steve step forward and shake Peter’s hand. The kid’s mouth hung open in shock.
Steve just fixed him with his trademark smile, every inch the figurehead they’d trained him to be. “It’s nice to meet you, Peter. Like Tony said, I’m Steve.”
“I-I know. I-I’m a big fan, sir.”
Natasha’s eyes narrowed. She took a half-step forward, surveying Peter in a way that made Tony’s hackles raise just slightly. “Your voice sounds familiar.”
Sam nodded. “I was thinking the same thing.”
“Voices are like that, I guess. Only so many pitches.” He snatched Peter’s shoulder and hauled him back to his side. “Anyway. Peter, the rest of the Avengers. The rest of the Avengers, Peter.”
“H-Hi.”
“Alright. Great. Nice. We’re all introduced.” He gestured to the table stacked full of takeout containers. “Shall we?”
Steve’s nod was cut short by Sam’s voice. “Wait a minute, Stark. Are you not gonna tell us how the hell you just acquired a teenager all of a sudden?”
“Well, a lot can happen in a year.”
“You’re telling me you adopted a teenager?”
“Not legally.” He pushed Peter into a chair and squeezed his shoulder. It’s alright. “He’s my intern.”
Clint wandered until he was standing across from them, eyebrows raised in disbelief. “You have interns now?”
“A couple.” He glanced at the kid. “Peter’s brilliant.”
Steve spoke slowly, face contemplative. “That’s high praise, coming from Tony.”
“Well, it’s true.” He fidgeted awkwardly for a second, then tu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Sort Of
the beginnings of a fix it perhaps
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Poisoning
Seizures
Worried Tony Stark
I gave Peter his daily dose of cyanide because I'm going to hell

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

