Work Text:

Isaac has difficulty taking more than an inch or two of Jackson's dick in his mouth at a time, his gag reflex is just that obnoxious...but he does some nice work with his tongue, so it's enough for Jackson!

Aw! This is actually a super sweet idea and I love it. The two of them being so eager to finally connect with someone and diving straight into it, but then realizing, oh fuck, we've never really done this sort of thing before. Jackson not knowing where to put his hands. Isaac accidentally being much too bitey. They're both kind of embarrassed, stumbling all over each other and definitely causing some bruising in their rush. They think maybe it's all going to fail horribly, that they're gonna have ruined the one thing that they actually had going. But then they slow it down. Isaac gently sinks to his knees, looks up at Jackson as he laps at his cockhead, nuzzles his shaft, deeply breathes in his bush. And Jackson runs fingers through Isaac's curls, runs a thumb along his lips, keeps his hips still while the other boy takes him in his mouth. They both have to really concentrate not to devolve again-- not to have Jackson fucking into Isaac's throat as he chokes-- and it's worth it. Isaac's hands tweak Jackson's nipples, grope his ass while he's suckling the head. Jackson shoves a foot into Isaac's groin to smother his skinny cock, wraps his head up in his thighs. They don't come at exactly the same time. Isaac still spits some of the spunk up and Jackson flicks his dickhead with a toenail a smidge too sharply. But once they come down, Isaac is laying his head on Jackson's naked hip, smiling, and they lean forward for a kiss.

 

Thor sucking Quill's dick for so long, he pisses himself...maybe even loses control over his ass and shits himself too?

It's as much a distraction as anything else. People like them have a lot on their plate. There's a lot of folks counting on them to always make the right decision, always come through with the perfect execution. It's a lot to shoulder. So in the rare times when they've got a second to breathe, with those little gaps just before the action kicks back up, they take the chance to decompress. Just a couple hours, a night, to forget what will always be ahead. Thor's been doing it for millenia, has the practice to flip a switch. So he shows his companions. He muscles Quill to bed, forces him to quiet, sucks him down smooth and wet. And he doesn't stop after the first, quick, almost painful load. He doesn't stop when the captain's thighs are shaking. He doesn't stop when Quill is mewling and curling around him almost defensively. He doesn't stop when his cock won't get hard anymore, but liquid still comes out-- warm and bitter and pungent. He goes until he seeps every possible anxiety out of Quill's skin. Even if just for a moment.

 

Sam, Dean, Footjob, Daddy kink...that's all I have. I'd love those things together lol

Daddy issues are a hell of a thing to work through. For some people it might mean doing a little home wrecking, or getting some nudes leaked that really shouldn't have. But the Winchesters didn't do things like most people. It was kind of their deal to blow up bigger and more disastrous than most would even dare imagine. So Dean found himself on his knees in front of his little brother, licking at his long toes and murmuring sordid things against his sole. His ears were burning, his cheeks red, but his cock was leaking and it felt so, so good to have family finally run fingers through his hair. He didn't care what anyone thought. He couldn't think of anything that would make this not worth having. "Daddy, daddy please." He begged, lips pressed to the side his brother's shaft. He wriggled on his shins, presenting his own, dripping erection, desperate. Sam makes him work for it, but Dean knows he's kind, fair. He knows those long toes will wrap around him, 'good boy's will be kissed against his scalp, he'll have the daddy he always craved.

 

Peter loved experimenting with his webs but this was ridiculous.

There was something to be said for the ingenuity of young, horny boys. Puberty led to some of the most outlandish, but creative inventions known to man. Peter, smart as he was, found himself to be no exception. Despite all the heavy things going on in his life, he was still a teenager, with hormones running rampant. So he'd been watching porn one night, on his third load in an hour, still so keyed up that he figured he might need at least two more before he could sleep. And he came across this vid of a guy bent in half, own legs over his neck and holding him down, awkwardly bobbing on his own cock. It looked hard. It looked like it felt good. Peter had never had anything but his own hand before and well.... he wasn't just some dude with abs. He was preternaturally flexible, strong... and then there was his webs. Fifteen minutes and a hastily drawn schematic later, he'd tethered himself in just the right position, crumpled around his own bo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Isaac Lahey/Jackson Whittemore
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Peter Quill/Thor
Sam Winchester/Dean Winchester
Scott McCall/Stiles Stilinski
Peter Parker/Thor
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Stiles Stilinski/Derek Hale/OMC

freeform: 
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Foot Fetish
Foot Jobs
Watersports
piss drinking
Scat
Marathon Sex
Daddy Kink
Power Dynamics
musk
Scent Kink
Scents & Smells
Light Bondage
Autofellatio
Armpit Kink
Sweat
Aftercare
Jock Straps
Shitfucking
First Time
Body Worship
Somnophilia
Puberty
FTM Dean Winchester
Cunnilingus
Face-Sitting
Hair-pulling
Grinding
Full Shift Werewolves
Wolf Derek Hale
Bestiality
Sheathe Play
Knotting
Xeno
Xenophilia
Intersex
Incest
Sibling Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Threesome - M/M/M

fandom: 
Isaac Lahey/Jackson Whittemore
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Peter Quill/Thor
Sam Winchester/Dean Winchester
Scott McCall/Stiles Stilinski
Peter Parker/Thor
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Stiles Stilinski/Derek Hale/OMC

