Work Text:
She saw him moments before he collided with her. Saw him with enough time to side step if she wanted to, but instead, she let him fall into her, tiny body colliding with her knees. She knew she was much softer to land against than the concrete. And then he tilted his face up to look at her, tiny arms wrapping around her legs, and the bright green eyes filled with tears. Despite the image she projected of being cold and uncaring - the image everyone believed - her heart bled for this child, even thought she had no idea why he was so sad. Then he spoke, and her heart broke.
“Can’t find my Daddy.” She crouched down to his level, keeping a steadying hand on his shoulder.
“Okay, that’s okay.” she soothed, pushing the wild black hair back from his face and brushing the first tears from his cheeks with her thumbs. “I’ll help you. My name’s Natasha. What’s yours?”
“Teddy.” she wondered if it was short for Edward or Theodore. Then she wondered where the father was that he’d lost such a young child so easily. He couldn’t be more than 6 or 7 at most. She decided she would pause in her judgment until she’d at least seen the man. She offered Teddy a smile. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Teddy.” and he mimicked her smile without even thinking, despite his sniffles. Her own smile softened, and she wondered how long it would take this time to piece together what remained of the bruised and battered organ in her chest when this child with his sad eyes and easy smiles walked away with his parents. She wondered what it said about her own psyche that she allowed every sad set of eyes to affect her so strongly. The image of Clint and his dog popped unbidden into her mind and she had to stop herself from snorting out a laugh. He’d probably been the first and he’d certainly had drawn out the protective instinct. Then she focused once more on the boy. 
“Well, Teddy, let’s see if we can’t find your Dad.” she moved to stand and he immediately threw himself forward, wrapping his tiny arms around her neck. She stiffened for only a moment before she lifted him into her arms, holding him close. She allowed herself a single moment of weakness to press her nose into his hair before she eased him back to see his face. “Alright, where did you see him last?” Teddy’s face scrunched up in a frown, looking around in confusion. 
“He was buying me ice cream.” Teddy said first. It was easy to see the boy obviously hadn’t had that ice cream yet as he was almost perfectly clean. “I saw a puppy.” and Natasha could only smile, because of course he had. Once again she couldn’t help but think of Clint and his own puppy. She ran through the layout of the park in her mind even as she started walking in the direction the boy had come from when he’d run into her. She knew of two ice cream stands. 
“I like puppies.” she agreed easily, and he beamed at her.
“It was gold.” and she melted. 
“I like gold.” was the amiable reply.
“Daddy gave me gold blankets. He said I couldn’t paint my room gold because it would get dirty, but blankets are easy to wash.” the boy recited, happy to sit in her arms and tell her all about his room and his apparent blanket collection. “He said when he went to school the colours were red and gold. But that my momma’s were yellow and black which is sort of like gold.” his tiny hands were toying with the ends of her hair but she couldn’t find it in herself to mind. 
“One of my friends really likes red and gold.” was what she said instead. “But my best friend’s favourite colour is purple.”
“I love purple!” the boy enthused. “Your friend sounds nice.” and Natasha almost envied how easy it must be to base someone’s character on their favourite colour. 
“Daddy’s favourite colour is red. He likes red hair.” Natasha couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled in her chest. Was this boy trying to match make? “He likes green too. ‘Cause it matches our eyes.” 
Natasha wondered if Clint would let her crash at his apartment for the next few days, because the idea of going back to her own rooms at the compound after this bright life burst into it momentarily left her aching. She knew without even really having to think about it that Clint would never turn her away - that she didn’t even really have to ask - but she also felt he deserved to know she needed comfort from him as much as he needed it from her. 
Her forearm started to itch and she shifted a bit, glancing down at where the thoughts of her supposed soulmate flit across her forearm. 
Where is he? and the words were erasing and repeating themselves so quickly that the letters were almost vibrating with the other’s panic. She frowned, adjusting Teddy on her hip. 
“My Daddy has words on his arm too.” Teddy informed her, and she turned her attention back to the boy. Words only appeared when both parties were of age, so he wasn’t surprised that Teddy’s father had a soul mark. 
She’d had hers as soon as she’d turned of age so she could only assume her soulmate was her age or older. 
“His words ar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
super condensed timelines
soulmates thoughts on your skin
probably a smidge ooc
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Harry Potter and Natasha Romanov are soulmates
Post-Avengers (2012)
pre-the rest of the MCU
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
crack adjacent
Not Canon Compliant
Harry is a Good Dad
Teddy is Harry's adopted son
Teddy is 7
Fluff
Mild Angst
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
she's got a lot of angst
Harry Potter just wants to get to know his soulmate
Getting to Know Each Other
sort of get together fic
implied that they'll be together post fic
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

