Chapter 1: first sight, we love without reason
    




Chapter Text
 Inspired by I'll Never Tell by Hurricanerin. I've literally read it 800 times since I've discovered it months ago and couldn't get the idea of Jotunn Loki out of my head. Anyway, this was meant to be a one shot, but as always... it spiraled. Some people may have seen it posted on my Tumblr.       




*Jotunn Loki for mood board. 


 “I’m sorry,” He finishes with a choked whisper.
What even is the word sorry?
If someone does something, knowing the pain it would bring, knowing the seething betrayal you’d feel from the action… then how can sorry  help?
Your husband kneels in your personal chambers, blonde head resting in your lap as he waits for you to respond to his solemn confession. But you don’t want to. You don’t want him here. Don’t want him touching you. Not after he touched her. He’s ruined. Tainted. Your marriage bed has turned to ashes.  “Leave.” You say icily, pushing his blazing touch off of you.  “Don’t do this,” Thor pleads, his deep voice booming in desperation. “It was nothing - a mistake. A one time, drunken mistake. It will never happen again. Never.”  You stand, interrupting his speech, and pace to the door. Folding your arms across your chest, you let the betrayal seep into your pores and pool in your eyes. Tears form as you think about him. Your loving, boisterous husband.
 Thor... and Sif.
You always knew there was a possibility of them, always knew Thor’s closest companion held a torch for him. But, you never thought, never believed your husband would actually act on it. He is yours, just as you are his.  He’s been under pressure though, you both have. But you know that he has been blamed for your faults, for what you can’t do. You’re failing him.  “What if you gave her a child? Is that why? Did your- did Odin tell-” you pause the tears starting to fall as you hastily wipe them away, refusing to let him see you cry.  “What?” He questions in pure disbelief. He stands suddenly and thunders over to you, loud footsteps resounding throughout the room. “Never! It was a mistake. It meant nothing.”  Quickly turning away, you release a large exhale imagining Sif round with his child. Imagining her having what you haven’t been blessed with.  His hands land on your shoulders as he tugs you into his chest. “No.” You fight against his broad muscles and out of his clutches.  “Get out.”  You snarl and open the door in one large swing.  He stares at you, dumbfounded by the cutting sharpness in your voice. You’ve never actually spoken to him like this before. Violent. 
He nods then, his lips pulling into a grave frown. “I’ll give you time,” he concedes and takes a step forward. Thor leans down to kiss you, either from habit or hope, but you turn your cheek, refusing to give in to him. With a heavy sigh, he moves past you and out the door, sending one last forlorn look your way.  You slam the door as soon as he steps through the threshold and fall against the hardwood.  You take three deep breaths counting down the exhales. It takes all of your resolve to not crumble to your knees. Instead, you pace to your private dining table and pour a generous cup of wine, barely giving yourself a second's hesitation before you chug it. You fight back a choke and ignore the innate response to spit it out. The sole reaction you’ll allow: fill another glass and down it just as quickly.  And another.  And another.  To be honest, four drinks in and you still feel the gnawing pain of his betrayal.  Before you realize it, the pitcher is empty. But you still feel it. The pain.
You maneuver to your dressing room and take a seat at a large, wooden vanity, looking in the mirror. Your eyes caress the reflection staring back at you: your skin. Your hair. Your lips. Your eyes. You could use a release.  Maybe you should cry, let it out in order to hold it in tomorrow.  No.  You don’t want that. You want an escape, a change, something different and something foreign. Something you’ve never had, but will fulfill you for when you have to see her in public and keep a pleasant, cordial conversation. In reality, all you want to do is rip her apart. Belittle her to the size she reduced you too. Tear the thing she loves most from this world like she tore him. Thor was good and pure and now, now he is spoiled.
No.  You can’t lose someone who doesn’t want to leave.  There’s no way to make him feel it like you do. No way to rip his beating heart from his chest, to drown his emotional security and let him live as a shell without something- anyone- to turn to.  You want to make him burn. But you can’t.
Can you?  Instead of thinking on revenge any further, you dig through your vanity pulling the pieces of him and throwing them away. Mementos, jewelry, excessive finery. An engagement wristlet, a wedding gift, a promise ring.  By the time you sift through, only one remnant remains: a sea kidney necklace. you pick it up gently feeling the cool silver fall over your skin as you pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Infidelity
Forbidden Love
Forbidden
Longing
Sex
Porn
what plot?
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
all the sex
Vaginal Sex
Female Reader
Rough Sex
Dom/sub Undertones
Consensual Kink
NO rape
Kinks
everywhere
Sex EVERYWHERE
literally just porn with a side salad of plot
Angst
Second Chance Romance
no y/n
Infertility
Threesome
Pregnancy
Kink
m/f/m
Loki Doubles

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader

