Chapter 1: Cereal Killer
    




Chapter Text
James Buchanan Barnes, Sargent Barnes, The Winter Soldier, Bucky… Whatever name he was going by didn’t matter, he was the worst sort of asshole you had ever had the displeasure of meeting in your life. You absolutely despised him. It wasn’t a cute sort of hate, hiding a deep passion or crush. It was pure, searing, unadulterated, vicious loathing. He brought out the absolute worst in you, if you ever became a Super Villain then he would be your origin story. You calmly stirred your coffee with a blank expression hiding the violent thoughts dancing through your mind as the bane of your existence sat across the kitchen counter from you studiously ignoring you as he happily munched away at the last of your cereal. Steve sighed heavily from beside him and gave him a pointed look. Bucky rolled his eyes and looked up to meet your gaze. “Sorry Doll, I didn’t realise it was yours.” Without a break in your cool expression you slammed the cereal box down in front of him, your fingers tapping the front where your name was clearly stamped in thick black block letters. He just shrugged, uncaring and made a show of raising the bowl to his mouth and slurping the milk loudly and grossly. You sipped your coffee and hummed thoughtfully, turning to look at Steve. “Start planning his funeral Cap, I’m really gonna kill him this time.” Bucky scoffed and Steve rolled his eyes. “He’s not that bad when he’s not being a punk.” Steve offered “He’s sitting right here you know.” Bucky exclaimed. “And how I wish he wasn’t. You’ve got Sam, why do you still insist on being friends with that?” You gestured to Bucky with your cup. “Did I hear my name?” You heard Sam call in his upbeat tone from the hallway before he stepped through the door. Sam did a quick scan of the room taking in the atmosphere and immediately turning to glare at Bucky. “What did you do now Barnes?” He demanded Bucky damn near squawked in outrage but before he could defend himself you pouted at Sam with sad eyes. “He ate the last of my cereal, the one you brought back for me from that mission in France.” Sams expression was all sympathy as he gathered you up in his arms. “Poor thing, how about I make you waffles to make up for it?” Sam asked you. You and Sam had a weird friendship. The kind where he would watch you easily slaughter a team of Hydra Agents with your bare hands before he swooped in and fussed over you, checking for injuries. God Forbid you got so much as a scratch, he would literally gather you in his arms and fly you the whole 20 feet to the quinjet. And if an enemy ever tried to take a shot at Sam you always took extra care to make sure they died a little slower and more painfully than their comrades. For the first few months most people had assumed you two were sleeping together, until the morning they found you in the kitchen happily making breakfast for one of Sams flings. The only people who truly understood your and Sams friendship were Natasha and Clint. So you happily wrapped your arms around your best friend and pointedly glared at Bucky “You’re a cereal killer!” You hissed at him. Bucky groaned at your pun and Sam ducked his head into your hair to muffle his snort of laughter. Steve’s reaction was the one that caught your attention the most though because Captain America, the nations righteous hero full on giggled. Who knew puns were what tickled the good old Captain. His cheeks burned when he realised what he’d done and Bucky’s wounded look of betrayal did nothing to temper the embarrassment. You grinned happily at Steve like he’d just handed you a puppy and seeing your ecstatic smile chased away the last vestiges of red from his face. Bucky looked between the two of you and scoffed, throwing his spoon into his now empty bowl with a clatter he stormed out of the kitchen muttering about weak willed men being won over by false smiles but you ignored him, turning your happy grin onto Sam you bounced on your heels a little “Waffles now Please?”You asked sweetly. You couldn’t wipe the smile off your face as Sam began pottering around the kitchen making your breakfast. Barnes might have got the cereal but you had undoubtedly won this round. “Oh I better ask Steve what time I should be in the gym” You told Sam, skidding out of the kitchen to chase down the blonde super soldier who was chasing down his surly best friend. You made it halfway up the corridor before your enhanced hearing picked up the sounds of Bucky snapping at Steve and you came to a halt when you registered the words he was spitting out venomously “The way she simpers and smiles at you Steve, it’s disgusting. She’s taking advantage of you, playing up to your big heart and giving you doe eyes so you can’t see her for what she is.” “You need to stop Buck, she’s not what you think she is at all. If you weren’t constantly winding her up maybe you’d see another side of her. Or is your flirting just that rusty pal?” You heard the teasing tone in S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Sam Wilson/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Deadpool/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Thor/Reader
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Reader is Kind of a Bitch
But only to Bucky
He gives as good as he gets
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
steve is a sweetheart
Natasha is your partner in crime
Fluff
Smut
Angst
honestly just a lot of shennanigans
Pranks
Name Calling
Violence
Laughter
Sexy Times
reader is a badass
Reader is a Sweetheart
to everyone but bucky
she makes up for it
Seriously there's a lot of nastiness in this one
Like hurt feelings nasty
not kinky nasty
well actually that as well
I shouldn't be allowed to tag stuff
Enemies to Lovers
Serious Injuries
Blood and Gore
There's a plot
Additional Warnings Apply
Slow Burn
the slowest of slow burns
Parent Tony Stark
Explicit Sexual Content
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Loss of Virginity
Multiple Orgasms
Fingerfucking
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Making Love
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
Violent Sex
Semi-Public Sex
New Chapter Daily

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Sam Wilson/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Deadpool/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Thor/Reader
Loki/Reader

