Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Johnny didn’t remember how it happened, or where he’d found the nerve.  He remembered Spider-Man complaining about something, waving one hand animatedly, over burgers and fries atop the Statue of Liberty.  Johnny had stopped listening at some point, watching as the other got worked up, mouth drawn downward in a funny little pout, his chin glistening with grease.He remembered how soft Spider-Man’s lips had been, the indignant squawk that had come with him dropping his burger right off the statue, how his mouth had tasted of cheese and beef and onions, and Johnny hadn’t cared.“Why?” Spider-Man asked when Johnny pulled away.  No anger or offense, even the surprise had apparently been spent in the moment his burger went over the side.  There was just calm curiosity.“I wanted to shut you up.”“Couldn’t have just said, ‘Shut up, Spidey?’”Johnny smiled shakily and put a hand on the back of Spidey’s neck.  The other didn’t flinch or pull away and maybe, he thought, that was a good sign.  “Where’s the fun in that?”Spider-Man’s mouth turned further downward.  “Is that what this is about? Fun?”No.  There was nothing fun in the way he felt about Spider-Man, with his heart going as hard as a triphammer every time the masked vigilante came within fifty feet of him, with the looming possibility that he’d lose his friend if Spider-Man didn’t feel the same.  Johnny wanted to confess those things, but the words refused to come.“Johnny.”He shivered at the sound of his name, even though the Human Torch had long lost the ability to feel cold.  “Please. Please kiss me? It—It doesn’t have to mean anything if you don’t want it to, but if—if you do—”Spider-Man, whose mouth had been slowly curving into a smile through Johnny’s stammering, finally laughed, and Johnny wanted to disappear—wanted to melt into the stone and stay there forever.“You know, I thought I was having a good day,” he said conversationally, before Johnny could yell out an apology and fly away in shame.  He reached out hesitantly and placed a hand over Johnny’s, resting on the crown. His hand was warm, its weight over his effortlessly keeping him still.Johnny held his breath.“A new pizza stand opened in the park near my apartment, and the slices are enormous. Then my best friend just came to me with an idea that...well, might mean I can finally have a job that means something. And now—” Spider-Man’s hand moved from Johnny’s to trace the line of his jaw, unexpectedly gentle.  “I should quit, while I’m ahead.”Johnny’s heart leaped and every inch of his skin Spider-Man had touched sang.  “I’m flattered that me kissing you is about the same level as cheap pizza.”Spider-Man snorted, fingers splayed across Johnny’s cheek, inching towards his hair.  “It’s a distant third on the list.”“Oh,  is  it?  And what’s that about a job that might actually mean something?  You’re already Spider-Man.”“Spider-Man isn’t a job, Johnny,” he said, almost stern.  “It’s just what I do.”Johnny looked at him archly, emboldened by the fact that he hadn’t swung away yet.  “What other things do you  do  , and can I get on  that  list?”Spider-Man groaned and kissed him, open-mouthed and eager, and Johnny made a small, needy sound against his tongue.  He’d hoped for this, but had never expected it, not once in the thousand times he had played this scenario in his brain.“Your lips are super soft,” Spider-Man mumbled, awkward and endearing.“You taste like burgers and fries,” Johnny responded, just to see what he would say.“So do you, dumbass.”Johnny laughed, breathless, as the world narrowed to that single moment.  He felt Spider-Man’s fingers tighten in his curls, saw the lenses on his mask reflecting the orange glow of sunset, and breathed in the sweet-sharp scent of web fluid on Spidey’s skin, like the world’s most distinct aftershave.“Do you want me to—” Spider-Man hesitated, swallowed, and Johnny knew.“Hey,” he said with infinite, cursed patience.  “You don’t have to if you’re not ready. Keep it on.  It’s hot.”“I should have known,” Spider-Man said against his lips.“I’m making out with Spider-Man,” Johnny said.  His lips stung where Spider-Man’s touched. “How many people can even say that?”“Oh. Well—”Johnny groaned and he laughed.  “Don’t ruin the moment.”Spider-Man kissed him again, and Johnny let himself stop thinking.  There would be time for unmasking later. Time to know his name and his face and everything else.But he was Johnny Storm, and he really should have known better than that. + One year to the day since Spider-Man disappeared, and the world still talked about him as if it missed him. Johnny glared at the latest special running on TV and curled his lip in distaste.  On screen, a clip of network journalists chasing down a familiar face was playing, showing the pair hurrying down Park Avenue as fast as two people could without running outright, until their quarry stopped in the middle of the street and turned around to look straight at the camera.“For the la
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Depression
Memory Alteration
Identity Reveal
Alternate Universe(s)
Casual Sex
Barebacking
Light Bondage
Light Dom/sub
Semi-Public Sex
Angst and Fluff and Smut
tw: suicidal ideation
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker

