Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Art: You can find the art for this fic in its masterpost here. Please stop by and tell shoyzz-art how amazing it is.

 
 Chapter 1
   

October 2001

 
Tony Stark could see a storm brewing as he got out of the car in front of the Stark Industries’ offices in Los Angeles. Clouds were towering over the sea, slowly rolling their way towards the shore. The air smelled like rain and lightning, the first tendrils of a stormy breeze tugging at Tony’s suit and hair.
”Are you nervous?” Obie asked, coming around the car with his briefcase in hand.
”Should I be?”
Obie smiled sharply and tugged his suit jacket in place. He struck quite the figure with his broad shoulders and earnest expression, a figure of authority. Together, they were an unstoppable force. Tony could always count on him when it came to decisions regarding the company … and sometimes, like today, trusted him to advise him in private issues as well. Opening the door for the both of them and letting Tony pass before following, Obie walked next to him through the small entrance hall towards the meeting rooms tucked away at the side of the building. ”Let me handle the conversation,” he said. ”I know how to deal with this.”
”Do this often then?” Tony asked, taking his sunglasses off and folding them into the breast pocket of his suit jacket before buttoning it. ”Dealing with women I got pregnant?”
Obie chuckled. ”I deal with women who claim you got them pregnant.”
”This one’s telling the truth, though.”
”She’s still only after one thing and that’s money,” Obie replied. ”You own one of the biggest arms manufacturers in the world. She wouldn’t be here if you were just a plumber.” They stopped in front of one of the larger meeting rooms and Obie caught his eyes one last time. ”Let me handle it.”
With that, he opened the door and they entered. She was sitting at the polished table, bathed in the sunlight streaming through the panorama windows behind her, a cup of coffee in front of her and her handbag on the table off to the side. Through the windows, Tony could see the storm clouds rolling closer just over her shoulders, the sun’s fight for dominance a losing battle. She looked collected and calm, though her hands were fidgeting slightly. Her name, Tony knew, was Mary.
The last time Tony had seen her was roughly a year ago when they’d met at a charity event Tony had only reluctantly agreed to attend. She’d worn a stunning red dress that had complimented her slim figure, her chestnut-brown hair pulled into a complicated braid and her green eyes sparkling with intelligence and wit. He remembered her better than most of his other flings because she had been interesting to talk to and because she hadn’t seemed to care that Tony was rich. She was a smart and capable scientist and Tony had enjoyed her company for the few days they’d been together.
He didn’t know how it had happened, whether it had been an accident or whether they’d been too tipsy to be careful one night, but Mary had got in touch with him a few weeks ago via his office, claiming that he was the father of her baby. Mary wasn’t the first to claim this and she certainly wouldn’t be the last, but the mandatory paternity test had been positive and that had never happened before. Obie had taken over immediately, inviting Mary over to talk.
She looked just as beautiful as she had back then, even wearing jeans and a casual t-shirt, her dark hair tied back into a simple ponytail. She looked at Tony as they entered, her pretty face pulling into a frown when she noticed Obie. They shook hands, but Mary’s eyes returned to Tony quickly. ”I was hoping we could have a private conversation.”
”I’m sure you did, Miss Fitzpatrick,” Obie said before Tony could grasp for an answer. He sat in one of the chairs on the opposite side of table, smiling at Mary sharply. ”But this isn’t just a conversation affecting Tony. This is a conversation about a possible heir to Tony’s company and fortune, and that makes it my business as well.”
Tony sat next to him, folding his hands on the table.
”I’m not interested in Tony’s company or fortune,” Mary replied.
”I’m sure you aren’t.”
”Don’t placate me. What is this?” Mary asked, her eyes fixating on Tony. ”This … set-up? Meeting in a conference room, sitting across from each other as if we’re about to strike a business deal?”
”Aren’t we?” Obie asked.
She glared at him. ”Tony,” she said then, looking at him firmly, ”aren’t you going to speak to me?”
Tony met her eyes, but he didn’t answer, trusting Obie to lead the conversation.
Obie cleared his throat and opened his briefcase. ”Miss Fitzpatrick, Tony is willing to pay child support.” He pushed the contract over the table towards her. ”You will find that this is a very handsome offer.”
”I didn’t come here for child support,” Mary said. ”I came here to talk to the father of my baby.”
”There will be no further contact between Tony and the child. This contract contains a form signed by Tony which confirms he is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Explicit Language
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

