Work Text:
1. The first time it happens, it’s an accident. The asset is injured, enough that they can’t wait until they get back to base, enough that he grunts “not fully functioning” in a begrudging tone when asked if he’s all right (they’re new still, young blood, and don’t know that their only job is to get the fuck out of the soldier’s way, not ask how he’s doing.)Helsel has the most medical experience out of all of them, but the rest circle them anyway, curious, as the soldier strips, revealing a deep gash running near the length of the metal shoulder. He doesn’t make a sound when Helsel cleans it, but he tenses as the needle dips into the ragged edge of the wound and Helsel places a soothing hand between uninjured shoulder blades and rubs gently. It’s the soft touch, not the bite of the needle, that draws a gasp from him, a quick quiet thing, shaky in the silence of the camp, and he presses back into it just enough that it’s noticeable. When Helsel needs two hands to finish, Rumlow leans in and takes over the slow stroke of the soldier’s back and he melts pathetically into it; the sound he makes is a broken one of need and surprise and Rumlow keeps petting for awhile after the job is finished and Helsel is cleaning his tools.The soldier stays close to the two of them after, even goes out of his way to save them once although it’s not his prime directive and he’s never done it before. Helsel catches on faster than Rumlow, gently bumps shoulders with him when they walk side by side, makes sure his gloves are off when he hands the soldier his MREs and lets his hand linger a little longer than he needs to before the food leaves his grasp. When Rumlow finally gets it, he claps a hand on the asset’s flesh shoulder after they finish a mission, drops next to him, thighs brushing, when they sit by the fire. The three of them take to riding together, along with Rollins who thinks they’re both  fucking insane. It’s innocent, probably the only kind touch the asset’s ever received. It makes Rumlow feel a little bit powerful, even if Helsel scoffs and gives him a gentle cuff on the shoulder despite the fact that he’s the senior officer. Helsel tells him it’s nice to be give the soldier something. Rumlow just likes the sounds he makes.2. Helsel dies. He steps on a mine and there’s nothing they can do but watch in horror as he’s blown to pieces, not even enough left of him to send home.They’ve lost men before, of course they have, but Helsel was young and well-liked and everyone is shaken up. The ride home is painful and silent. Rollins leans his head on the wall and won’t speak, Rumlow clenches his fists until his knuckles crack and turn white, his nails digging half-circles into his palms, and the asset sits silently in the corner, away from them both, head down and eyes on the floor. Rumlow is pretty sure the soldier’s eyes keep darting to him when he thinks no one is watching."Come here," he says after awhile, low but hard enough that the soldier knows it’s an order. He doesn’t resist when Rumlow motions for him to kneel at his feet. One hand reaches out, half hesitant, before sliding into the dirty hair, and the soldier gasps, louder than the first time, and arches into his touch. His eyes are big and sad when Rumlow looks into them and he strokes the soldier’s head slowly before starting to draw away. The asset makes a wounded noise, half-aborted and stuck in his throat, and tries to push forward again before he must remember he’s not allowed to touch without permission and shrinks back in on himself.Rumlow gets an awful idea. But he’s hurting and he’s angry and hey, the asset wants touched right?  The men have done it before, with one another, after long missions or close-calls, pressed together and rocked, hands or mouths around each other’s cocks. He knows the soldier has seen them, always looking to Helsel or Rumlow after like he’s asking if it’s all right, and Helsel had always made him stop, muttered that it wasn’t right, that he couldn’t consent. And, well, Helsel isn’t here anymore is he?The sound of his zipper being drawn down echoes in the room ("The fuck are you doing?" Rollins hisses from his place on the bench opposite him.) and he draws his dick, already starting to rise just from the thought of finally taking that pretty mouth, from his pants. He replaces his hand in the soldier’s hair and tugs him forward gently. “Go on,” he murmurs, scratching the scalp beneath his fingers lightly and the asset, so fucking desperate for touch, takes him in his mouth without question or hesitation. And fuck, does he know what he’s doing with it. It should probably concern Rumlow that the killing machine can suck cock like the best whores in the city, but he can’t think of anything other that wet hot tight good fuck. He doesn’t hold the soldier’s jaw and fuck his throat like he wants to, keeps petting his hair and stroking his face, sweet gentle touches as the asset works him over. It’s over pathetically fast (he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes & Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jack Rollins
James "Bucky" Barnes/Various HYDRA Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
trashkink
Touch-Starved
Gangbang
Mildly Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Because it's the Winter Soldier I mean he can't really consent
It started out sweet and rapidly rolled down hill into the dumpster
which is where I belong let's be real
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers is a Good Guy
Brock Rumlow is a dick

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes & Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jack Rollins
James "Bucky" Barnes/Various HYDRA Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

