Work Text:
"Look, Steve. I get it. I really do. S.H.I.E.L.D.'s gone, Natasha's off somewhere, all your other superhero buddies are in New York… There's nothing left for you here," Sam says, wishing he could meet Steve's eyes. Instead he keeps his hands on his hips, looking out over the reflecting pool beneath the Washington Monument. The water is absolutely still, kind of like he feels inside. It's not a good stillness.And he knows Steve's certain Bucky's gone home to Brooklyn, just like Steve has this iron-clad belief that Bucky dragged him out of the Potomac because of something stronger than a sense of obligation.He doesn't ask Steve why he thinks Bucky would go anywhere Steve might actually be, considering they've been doing nothing but eating Bucky's dust for weeks, always left behind."It's not that," Steve says. He's looking at the reflecting pool too, because Sam is. Steve is nothing if not polite. His mouth twitches. "I mean, yeah. Fury wants me at the Avenger's Tower, and—""And you always go where they tell you to," Sam finishes for him. "Sorry," he says right afterwards.Steve glances at him, but the quirk of his mouth is ironic, not bitter. "Not always. But I'm a soldier, Sam, like you keep saying. You get an order; you go. You know that as well as I do."Sam lets out a breath, rubbing the back of his neck. He can taste how bitter his own smile is. "Nobody knows that as well as you do."Steve actually chuckles. He claps Sam on the shoulder. "Don't think I'm not going to miss you." He shakes Sam gently. He's always gentle, for such a powerful man. "I was going to say that there's still something for me here." He turns so they're facing each other. "I don't have such a luxury of friends that it doesn't hurt each time I leave one behind.""Yeah, well." Sam coughs a little, swallows around his dry throat. "They've got an amazing invention now called a telephone. Maybe you've heard of it.""I may have heard of a telephone," Steve agrees solemnly. He ducks his head and his smile is a little shy. "You know, the Avengers could always use more air support." It's not the first time Steve's told him that.Sam smirks. "I'll think about it." He's still not sure if he even means that, but he's also not sure that he doesn't. He was satisfied, helping other veterans adjust to civilian life. He was perfectly content not to go to war again.But he's spent too long as a counsellor to lie to himself, and he knows that content and satisfied don't equal happy. And he misses his wings."That's all I can ask," Steve says. He claps Sam's shoulder one last time before letting him go. "You don't have to be a soldier, Steve," Sam says. It's not the first time he's said that, either. He lifts his head, looks Steve in the eye. "Not if it doesn't make you happy.""I don't know what would make me happy, Sam," Steve says."Right." Sam nods. He forces another smile. "Maybe you'll find it in New York.""Maybe," Steve says. He holds out his hand. "Thank you, Sam."Sam takes it. They don't shake hands so much as clasp them. "Anytime, Captain." Steve's not the first one to let go.Sam watches him walking away: the straight back and broad shoulders that never bow despite the weight they carry, that they're always carrying. "Hey," he calls.His voice isn't loud, but Steve stops and turns around. "What is it?""I hope you find him," Sam says. He doesn't say, I hope that will make you happy, but Steve nods like he hears it anyway."Me too," Steve says."Be careful, all right?" Sam says. He means, don't trust him; don't let him hurt you again; he's not your best friend anymore.But Steve just smiles and says, "Always," before turning around again.And this time Sam lets him go.
Sam doesn't lie to himself, so he knows it's not a random decision when he ends up in the Air and Space Museum after leading his last group session of the day at the Veterans' Administration.It's been a little over a month since Steve left for New York. They talk on the phone, use Starktime, exchange emails, but it's not the same. Sam misses his best friend, simple as that. The flowery prose and earnest narration at the Smithsonian Captain America exhibit doesn't seem to have much of anything to do with Steve Rogers, but it still brings the man a little closer. If only because Sam can easily imagine how much Steve would hate it.He chuckles to himself, thinking of Steve's miserable, desperately polite expression.The man on his right looks at him sharply, as if, out of the constant moderate din of conversation going on around them, Sam's quiet laugh is what startled the hell out of him.Sam looks away quickly. "Sorry, man."The easily-startled guy doesn't respond. He just kind of hunches himself further into his shapeless grey coat and continues staring at the display about Bucky Barnes.It's a nice display—the whole exhibit is nice, Sam thinks, even if he has no idea why it's in the Air and Space Museum and not American History. It's not like Steve's an astronaut—but it's hard to see Buck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Self-Harm
Mental Health Issues
Hurt/Comfort
Bingo
Friendship
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Steve Needs a Hug
So Does Everyone
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers
Community: hc_bingo

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

