Chapter 1: Change is in the Wind
    




Chapter Text
Peter had been out as Spider-man when it happened. When he saw it happen.  He was perched on top of a building near their apartment eating a hotdog when he saw her car.  She must have gotten off early because it was only four in the afternoon and she wasn't supposed to get home until five.  In his excitement, he had popped the last of the hotdog in his mouth before preparing himself to swing towards home. Yet, just as he shot out a web towards the next building, the hairs on his neck and arms stood on end.  It was a split second later when he heard a deafening screech followed by the sound of heavy metal on metal.  Turning towards the commotion he immediately felt sick to his stomach.  That was Aunt May's car.  May's car had been hit by another driver.  "Karen!  Call 911. Tell them to get here now.  It's, It's important.  They have to get here now!!", the vigilante shouted to his AI as he went swinging towards the wreckage.  He had to get to her, to see her, to help her, but he knew he had to be careful.  No one could make that connection.  If they did, they would know who he was.  He was frantic trying to figure out how he was supposed to do that but Spider-man wasn't allowed to be frantic.  He can only help.  He had to get it together.  Closing the distance he kept reminding himself that no one could know that he knows her name... "and favorite color...and what kind of music she likes... and how she loves to mix Reeses Pieces in with her popcorn at the movies...", he thought to himself as he was swinging through the air.   Once his feet were on the ground he immediately ran to her, yanking the driver's side door right off of the car.  She's alive. He let out a small breath but he knew this wasn't enough to abate his nerves.  Anything could still happen.  Where the Hell was that ambulance?   People were starting to gather around.  It had to be a curious sight to see Spider-man simply holding the hand of a woman who was unconscious from a car wreck but that was how he stayed until EMS arrived and moved him out of the way so they could work.  Once he heard the words "She's stable enough to move" he swung himself home to change into his clothes before going full speed towards the hospital he knew she was being taken to, hoping no one would question his pace as he ran through the streets.   He got to the hospital just in time to see his aunt for a brief moment before she was taken back for surgery to correct the breaks in her left leg and hip.  Tears were streaming down his face as he kissed her cheek and told her that he loved her. It was nearing midnight when the doctor came to him.  He had questioned Peter's age and the fact that he was there alone, wanting to speak to an adult.  It took some time for Peter angrily explain to the man that they were all each other had before he would pass on any information.  He finally let him know that surgery had been successful but that they wanted to keep her under for while longer.  Her body was under a lot of stress, she would be in pain for a while.  They wanted to ease her out of the sedation and onto pain medication slowly.   The conversation with the doctor must have been what started it.  As he was sitting in his aunt's room watching her every breath, listening to her every heartbeat, he was interrupted by a nurse handing him a sandwich and a bottle of water.  He informed the woman that he wasn't hungry but she insisted on leaving it with him and made a point of telling him that he needed to get some rest too.  That wasn't so bad.  It was the next person who entered the room who set his anxiety into overdrive.   A woman had entered the room and introduced herself as Ms. Olivett, a hospital social worker.  It had been brought to her attention that he was an unattended minor and that she had come to make sure that he had someone to come and get him.   "I'm fine here", he told her trying to be polite but it came out stiff and slightly defensive.  "No, dear, you don't understand.  You can't be here unattended.  You need an adult with you.  Besides, you have been here for hours on end, you need to go home and rest.  You aren't doing your aunt any favors by sitting here like this.  She would want you taken care of.  Do you have someone to call?" "She's, she's the only family I have", he all but whispered.  The woman offered him a kind smile.  "What about a family friend, dear?  I'm afraid that if there is no one, then I will have to call child services.  I can't allow you to remain without care and supervision.  They can offer that until your aunt is in a position to set something up or care for you herself." Foster care?  They could do that?  They could send him to a foster home with a living guardian right there?  These were just a few of the questions currently swirling through Peter's tired and anxiety-riddled brain.  Who could he call?  Ned was in Peru with his family.  Michelle was already at some camp in Iowa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt Aunt May
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Not Canon Compliant
tony is Trying
Will add tags as I go
because I am not sure where this is going
Angst
But there will be fluff
Language
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Nightmares
Self-Doubt
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Anxious Peter Parker
Platonic Cuddling
Panic Attacks
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Awesome Pepper Potts
Hurt Peter Parker
Co-Parenting
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
In this house there is no infinity war
Endgame never happens
The Author Regrets Nothing
Headaches & Migraines
Tony Stark is helping
Attempted Kidnapping
brief mention of attempted kidnapping
Shopping Malls
Legos
Photographs
Sleepovers
Tony Feels
Happy Hogan Really Does Like Peter
Sick Peter Parker
Vomiting
Washington D.C.
Tony Stark hates space
Museums
Tony loves Peter
Peter Can Talk Tony into Anything
Road Trips
Swimming Pools
Lessons in Physics
Illnesses
Sick Character
dad tony
Space Ships
Intergalactic Refugees
Excitable Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Birthday
Peter Turns Sixteen
Difficult Decisions
Sokovia Accords
Civil War Fix-It
Because This is Very Much an AU
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Hand wavy logic
I Repeat: This is an AU
The Author Does What She Wants
Hurt Tony Stark
Bruce Banner is Helping
Protective Tony Stark
Driving Lessons
Adopted Peter Parker
Mentions of Under-aged Drinking
Sick Tony Stark
Christmas Morning
Protective Pepper Potts
inaccurate canada
Sensory Overload
Therapy
Complete
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Wedding Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

