Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thor could feel nothing but rage as he fell. His father had cast him out for doing exactly as he had done! He was only trying to follow in his father’s foot steps! After all, the Frost Giants were war hungry. They had attempted to steal from Asgard and they would pay for their treachery! He felt the moment his trajectory changed - the sharp turn as he was pulled away from the expected path and in another direction. His whole body jolted and he cried out in outrage as a force beyond his will decided his path for him. Just another thing he could blame the Allfather for. He landed hard, body weaker than it had ever been - and he struggled to his feet, rage burning through him once more. He looked around at his surroundings, even angrier than before. He was in a dark forest, the sky invisible above him - blocked out by dark and looming boughs. “What is this place?” he demanded, even as the chill began to seep under his skin. He knew the feeling of danger even if he’d never felt real fear before. The sound of a twig breaking behind him had him spinning around, ready to shout and curse at whoever was sneaking up behind him, but then the scar on his chest began to glow the colour of a flame and words failed him as he came face to face with bright green eyes peering out of the darkness. A darkness that was being pushed back by a matching fire glow, revealing the young face of a boy, watching him curiously.  Harry woke up, the scar on his chest itching. He knew it was his soulmark, but he’d never felt anything from it before - to the point where he often forgot it was there. He knew everyone had one - but it wasn’t until he’d been brought into the magical world that he really understood what they were. They were called splitting scars, and they were said to be the mark left behind when one soul had been ripped in two, the sign of soulmates. That when the other half of your soul was near, both scars would glow, a sign that the two halves were reuniting. He’d never really had cause to believe those words before. Not that he doubted, per say, but he’d never really seen it, and his own scar had always just been that - a scar. But not anymore. Now it itched, like something was trying to scratch its way from under his skin, and there was something akin to the prickle of anticipating making itself known. Carefully, he slid out of bed, putting his shoes on. He hesitated a moment before reaching for his invisibility cloak. Even as he clasped it around his neck, he revelled in the fact that it had been his father’s. He’d only had it for a month, but it was his most prized possession and he hugged it close as if by doing so its last owner would feel his affection. Cautious, he pulled the hood over his head, slipping from his dormitory. He knew the other first years wouldn’t wake - they all slept like the dead - but he was more worried about the fat lady in the portrait giving him away. He may be invisible, but portraits never opened for no reason. He was in luck because the fat lady was fast asleep when he slipped from the common room and stood at the top of the staircase, hesitant once more. He wasn’t really sure where he was going or just why he felt so strongly about following the urge, but then it was like his scar tugged on his chest and he followed the feeling. He followed it down the stairs and out the doors onto the school grounds. He followed it all the way past Hagrid’s hut, hesitating only briefly on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. After all, he’d already been beneath its boughs and the experience had been less than pleasant. Harry shook the thought off, the pull in his chest more insistent now. He followed it into the forest, weaving his way over roots and around bushes, very aware of the sounds of the forests residents as they moved around him. A shiver crawled its way up his spine but he ignored it, pushing forward. A bright flash of light shone up ahead followed by a resounding bang of something landing hard on the ground. Harry knew without a doubt that whatever was pulling him forward, was what had just landed. He hurried forward, not noticing when the hood slipped from his head in his haste. He heard a man’s voice shout up ahead - not quite catching the words - but then he saw him and he couldn’t help but shrink back at the sight at first. The man was huge; tall, and broad, with muscles that made everyone he knew look weak and scrawny. He had golden hair to his shoulders, and when he spun around, bright, electric blue eyes fell on him. The moment they did, a light flared on the man’s chest, through the shirt he wore, the colour of fire. He jolted in surprise when those eyes met his, and then he felt a flare of magic from his own chest. He pushed his cloak aside and watched in awe as a light the same bright colour glowed from his own chest. “Well met, little one.” and the anger he’d heard in the man’s tone earlier was gone. Harry’s head snapped up to look at him, but he had his han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Pre-Relationship
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
harry is 11
Thor has just been cast from Asgard
Pre-Thor (2011)
Not Canon Compliant
Friendship
Protectiveness
they are NOT ROMANTIC YET
NOT UNTIL HARRY IS OF AGE THANKS
splitting scars
Not Underage
probably a bit OOC
Loki shows up later
Loki is a Good Bro
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

