Work Text:
Bucky's caffeine experiments keep getting crazier, but honestly--how else is he supposed to amuse himself in the future?(He's not allowed to shoot pigeons from the Tower rooftop anymore; Tony's orders. Bucky normally wouldn't care what Tony thinks, but Steve backed him up, and Bucky does care about what Steve thinks.)Which is why he's currently braving the lunch rush at Starbucks, waiting at the pickup counter and thinking about nothing much at all."Two percent quad Venti two pump caramel one pump vanilla half ice no whip mocha for Tony Stark," the barista calls out, and Bucky makes a vague here gesture before taking the cup from her."That's funny," a voice says from behind him, "you don't look like Iron Man."Bucky glances up to find a guy leaning heavily on the counter next to him. He's probably a couple of years younger than Bucky, so thin that Bucky might've thought he was Steve--the old Steve, that is--if it wasn't for the mess of reddish brown hair on top of his head, the multiple piercings across his face, and--is that eyeliner? Bucky stares a little. He hasn't seen any men wear eyeliner for purposes other than camouflage, before."Keen eye," Bucky remarks dryly."You a groupie or something?" the guy asks, smiling and tilting his head like he wants something. It makes Bucky frown. He's not sure what this guy's after."Groupie?""Yeah, with the cosplays and the signs and shit?"Bucky understands, then, thinking about the occasional crowd outside of the Tower, where sometimes there are people dressed up as Tony. There are sometimes people dressed up as Steve there, too. It's fucking weird as hell. Bucky scoffs, vaguely offended that this guy thinks he would do that."No. I'm not a groupie."Bucky's picking up his drink to leave, but the guy's entire body just sort of--sways into Bucky's path. Bucky's frown deepens, muscles tensing ever so slightly, but on the plus side, he doesn't punch the guy in the face on reflex. That's progress. He'll have to tell Steve about that later; he'll be proud, Bucky's sure."Hey man, I didn't mean to offend, it's just, you know." The guy shrugs a little. "You're hot."Bucky's not sure what to say. He looks around just in case this is Tony or Clint pulling another lame prank on him, but when he sees nothing, he settles on a hesitant, "Thanks?""I'm Jerry. What's your name? Assuming you're not actually Tony Stark, of course."Bucky has no plans to give this guy his name, so he says, "Clint.""Hi, Clint," Jerry says, eyes roaming down Bucky's entire body and back up, in a way that makes Bucky feel vaguely like prey being evaluated for a meal. "Man, you must work out a lot. Your body is banging. I would love to suck your dick, I bet it's gorgeous."Bucky, who'd just raised his cup to take a sip, nearly chokes on coffee and chocolate syrup.An outraged retort is on the tip of his tongue, because what the hell? People can't just say that kind of stuff, can they? But, Bucky realizes, he doesn't actually know if they can or not, and so he quickly reigns in his temper (another thing to tell Steve about later) and says instead, "I don't think so."He sidesteps the guy and quickly gets out of the Starbucks. This is exactly the kind of shit that makes him question the future sometimes.*"Hey Tony, I have a question," Bucky says later that day, wandering into Tony's workshop."Is it stupid? Because I don't have time for stupid questions; I'm very busy and important," Tony says, not looking up from whatever he's working on.Coming to a stop behind Tony, Bucky leans forward to see what Tony's working on. He's fiddling with a screwdriver, attaching legs to a..."Is that a Hulk toy?" Bucky asks, raising an eyebrow."It's a birthday present," Tony answers, closing the panel in the doll-like Hulk figure, and giving one of the tiny Hulk fists a squeeze."HULK SMASH!" the toy says menacingly, before it--fluidly and with surprising power--jumps into the air, landing on the floor several feet away, tiny fists first."Huh," Bucky says."Nailed it! Ace is gonna love it. I'm the goddamn best," Tony brags.Bucky doesn't know who Ace is, and doesn't really care. Thankfully, Tony seems to be done gloating, because he spins on his chair to face Bucky. "Now, what's your stupid question?"Bucky's face heats a little, because his question could be stupid, he doesn't know. But Steve keeps reassuring him there's nothing wrong with asking about things that confuse him, and he can't exactly go to Steve with this sort of thing, so Bucky figures Tony is his best bet in this scenario. "How do you--?" he starts, and then has to rephrase. "Okay, let's say you see someone, a stranger, but you decide that you maybe want to get to know them better, how would you--how would you go about doing that?"Tony's eyebrows are almost at his hairline, and there's a wicked grin spreading across his face."I'm regretting this already," Bucky says."Barnes," Tony says, sounding scandalized. "Are you telling me you have a crush?""That's not at all
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
gross (delicious!) starbucks drinks
advice from people you shouldn't go to for advice
Denial of Feelings
tiny mention of C/C

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

