Chapter 1: Skipping Town
    




Chapter Text
*** 
February 28th
Tony Stark being who he was—and the various Avengers who they were—sometimes Steve was caught off guard when he entered a room.  Once he’d been waiting for the elevator and when the doors opened Maria Hill and Phil Coulson—a guy he’d thought had died a couple years ago—were inside conversing.  Maria nodded in greeting to Steve as they exited the elevator, and Phil offered him a smile and a brief “Good to see you again, Captain;” but neither offered any explanation for Phil’s presence.  Another time Steve had entered the “lounge”—Tony’s word for it, not his—to find Natasha, sitting on Clint’s shoulders, wrestling with Tony, who was sitting on Thor’s shoulders, while Bruce and Pepper laughed by the bar.  And those things happened before Bucky moved in.  So Steve liked to think he had gotten used to the occasional surprise when he was in the Tower.  But whatever Steve had expected when he entered Stark Tower’s conference room three, it wasn’t two mostly nude assassins sprawled together on the conference table.“What the hell?” Bucky said.  “You never learn how to knock?”  His face hot, a mortified Steve studied the grain of the conference table as Natasha put her clothing in order.“I asked JARVIS to announce an Avengers’ meeting in this conference room  in fifteen minutes,” he said.  “You might have gotten the message if you hadn’t disabled JARVIS’s protocols.”  He risked a quick glance up.  Natasha wasn’t dressed but she had mostly covered up.  She seemed cool as ever.  Incredible.  He  didn’t feel that way, and he wasn’t the one caught half-naked on a conference room table a quarter hour before a meeting.  “But maybe we should push that meeting back another fifteen minutes.  And use the conference room down the hall.”  He paused.  “Bucky, I know you’re not official; but you’re invited too.”“Yeah, no thanks,” Bucky replied.  “You kids have fun.”  He pulled Natasha close again and directed a pointed look at Steve.  “You done yet?  ‘Cause I’m not quite, but half an hour could get me there.”
Son of a gun—
“Yeah, I’m done,” Steve said.  “Maybe you could get a private room next time?  It’s not that hard—you both live here.”“Oh, it’s still hard,”  Bucky said.  “Though you’re kinda putting a damper on things.”“I can’t believe you talk like that in front of a lady,” Steve said.  Bucky and Natasha responded at the same time.“I’m not going to faint at a little innuendo, Steve,” she said. “Fucking Boy Scout,” Bucky said.Steve wasn’t the kind who quit or walked away from a fight, but this wasn’t a battle he wanted to have.  He turned and left the room, closing the door firmly behind him.“JARVIS,”  he said.  “Reinstate normal protocols in conference room three.”“Yes, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS answered.  “Audio confirmation, please,”  Steve said.  A moment later, Natasha’s voice came over the speakers.“—such an asshole to him?” she was saying.“Yes, I do,” Bucky said.  “He expects me to be his friend.  I ain’t interested, but he will not take a fucking hint.”  “You can’t blame him, James,” Natasha said.  “You may not remember much of your life before, but you are Bucky Barnes.”“Maybe I was that guy seventy years ago, but I’m not him any more,” Bucky said.  “Can we please get back to what we were doing and forget Captain fucking America? Maybe I have to put up with him when we’re working, but I don’t want him in my personal life and I sure as hell don’t want him in my bedroom.”“What a sweet talker you are,” Natasha said, laughter in her voice.“JARVIS, end audio transmission,” Steve said.  He walked down the hall to conference room ten.  That door he allowed himself to slam before tossing the USB drives he’d prepared for each of the Avengers—and Bucky—onto the conference table.  He leaned against the door and closed his eyes.  Stepping into the conference room to find Natasha laid out on the conference table with Bucky leaning over her, a silver hand gripping red hair…Her legs wrapped around his waist, his mouth at her breast…He had never seen a couple together like that.  He had frozen in the doorway, hot and sick all at once.He hadn’t known it was like that for them.  Did everybody else know?  Neither of them had asked him to keep it secret, so maybe so.  Steve knew what it was like to be on the outside, but never with Bucky.  And he’d thought Natasha was a friend, too.  She’d shown enough interest in whether or not he was dating; he would have thought she’d tell him about this.And Natasha didn’t need anyone protecting her, but a part of him wanted to lecture Bucky about respecting a lady anyway.  Bucky had never stayed with one girl for long; there were too many of them falling all over him, and he had never become too attached to any of them.  There was always another girl.Though maybe it would be different with Natasha.  Bucky wasn’t the guy he’d been before.  And there weren’t many women like Natasha.Once, when his mom had caught him trying to overhear her wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/OMC
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Suicidal Thoughts
Internalized Homophobia
also just plain homophobia
Road Trips
Roman Catholicism
I'm serious about that folks
Steve Rogers is canonically a practicing Catholic
Virgin Steve Rogers
mostly movie verse
some comic canon (pretty much whenever I wanted)
Suicide Attempt
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. References
Open Relationships

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/OMC
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Steve Rogers/Thor

