Work Text:
Turn left. 
Bucky followed the directions of the voice in his head, not questioning their validity. They hadn’t led him astray yet, and he was still so confused sorting through all his memories that he couldn’t afford one more thing to doubt. 
He had no idea when exactly the voice had started speaking to him. He couldn’t really remember a time without it - except maybe before the war - but those memories were too hazy to be sure. 
As it was, the voice had always been able to direct him away when either Hydra or Shield had grown too close. It hadn’t let anyone get close enough to even see him and that, in his opinion, was trustworthy enough. 

Wait. 

He paused, watching from the shadow of the alley he’d ducked down, and that’s when he saw him. 
Steve. 
A murmur of latin in his head and he felt an odd tingle move through him. Then he watched Steve’s gaze slide right over him as if he wasn’t even there. 
Thanks. Bucky offered back to the confines of his mind. He had a harder time responding to the voice when he couldn’t speak the words out loud, but he wasn’t about to betray his position. The answering tone was cheeky.
Anytime. Now, once he’s far enough ahead, you want to go down that same street. There’s a safe house on the north east corner of the next cross street. 
Bucky nodded even though the voice couldn’t see it. He figured since it was in his head, it could feel his affirmative. The small wave of amusement confirmed it. He was feeling more and more aware as each day went by and it made him more conscious of the moods and tone of the voice. First and foremost, there was concern. Whoever this voice was, they cared about him. He’d taken that at face value at first - hadn’t been able to do anything else really - not when they’d been helping him sort through the memories - somehow fading out some of the ones he just couldn’t handle having chasing his every waking thought. 
They hadn’t stolen it, but they’d softened it so the jagged edges didn’t scrape along his already bruised and battered brain. 
Now that he was able to sort through some things though - sort through his memories from before - during - after - he was realizing more and more about the voice. 
For one, he was pretty sure whoever, whatever, they were, they weren’t just a regular old human. That thought earned him a stronger wave of amusement and Bucky made sure to project the feeling of rolling his eyes.
If you’re going to stick around in there you can put up with me sorting through my thoughts on you too, asshole. He got outright laughter back in return.

Fair enough. But perhaps wait until your long lost best friend isn’t more than a few yards from your position.

Bucky huffed, but didn’t argue, following the voice’s earlier directions until he was ducking into an alcove, finding the key hidden behind a loose stone three down from the top of the doorframe. He let himself in and immediately felt that same tingle of energy he’d felt when the voice had muttered the latin, and knew instinctively that nobody (that wasn’t the voice) would be able to find him here. He also knew that whoever the voice was would never show up unannounced. He had the beginning of a theory that the owner of the voice wouldn’t show up unless he explicitly asked.
He liked knowing the choice was up to him. 
Not that he resented the voice for its help, but after having so few choices for so long, it was nice knowing he could decide who was welcome in his immediate space or not. 
He put all thoughts of the voice or memories or hydra or Steve on hold until he’d walked through the space, going through every room and checking all the windows and doors. There was a window to the fire escape in a back room but the window was reinforced and the heavy duty lock was clearly knew. He filed that away for later too. Then he went back to the kitchen, puttering around and making himself something to eat before the voice started nagging him about that too.
Once he’d eaten a sufficient amount, he retired to what was clearly a sitting room - perusing through the books on the shelf. There were some weird history ones about goblin wars and endangered species treated like they were real even though Bucky was fairly certain he’d never heard of them before in his life. Probably fantasy, but he wasn’t going to discount anything at the moment. There was a dogeared copy of a children’s book of fairy tales he’d also never heard of, and then a few books on PTSD that looked almost equally as worn. It seemed the voice sensed his question because there was a hum of agreement.
Those were for me, yes. But you’re welcome to them. Bucky wasn’t quite sure how he felt about the voice having been through something that had lead to him needing the book, but he supposed since he was probably also a voice in the other person’s head, he assumed it was probably along the same lines as they felt about him. The voice was suspiciously quiet on the subject, but he felt the subtle simmering rage before whoev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Matching soulmarks
hearing each others thoughts
seeing each others thoughts
Bucky's POV
mind magic
Protective Harry Potter
Bucky Barnes Feels
dealing with memory stuff
Reference to Torture
reference to canon-typical violence
Crack
super fluff ending
Probably ooc
don't like don't read my dudes
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Everything Else
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

