Work Text:

For now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face; now I know in part, but then I will know fully just as I also have been fully known. 
(1 Corinthians 13:12, New American Standard Bible)


 The Avengers--like the rest of the world and perhaps some small outposts in space--knew exactly who Tony Stark was.  And they hated him for it.  No one could deal with him--hell, not even the people he loved the most could.  It was always-- 
          “Yeah. Big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you?” 
 
          “He's a sickness!” 

          “I have more than enough words to describe you, Stark.” 

          “That's all you got? A cheap trick and a cheesy one-liner?” 

          “And you're all about style, aren't you?” 

          "You're out of control, okay?" 

          “--the Iron Man weapon” 

          “What kind of world would it be today if he was as selfish as you?” 

          “--guys with none of that worth ten of you.” 

          "You have become a problem, a problem I have to deal with." 

          “Blow somethin' up!” 
 
          “I had to leave while I still had a shred of dignity.” 

          “I'm not going to be a part of it." 

          “I am trying to do the job that you were meant to do." 

          “That's not up to you.” 

          “Unlike you, I don't have a lot of time for parties.” 
 
          "I'm surprised you can keep your mouth shut." 

          “Come to confess your sins?” 

          "I'm sorry, I'm not that kind of doctor. I'm not a therapist. It's not my training." 

          “I would do whatever I wanted to do, with whomever I wanted to do it with.” 

          “Iron Man: Yes.  Tony Stark: Not Recommended.” 

          "Remind me how you made your fortune, Mr Stark." 

          “Where do you think he gets that?” 

          “Oh no, Tony's right. It IS the End Times.” 
 
          “Whether you'd tell us is a bit of a question.” 

          "Tony, maybe this might not be the time..." 

          “I've got my eye on you.” 

          “The Avengers were supposed to be different from S.H.I.E.L.D.” 

          “Do me a favor. Try not to bring it to life.” 
 
          “Always a way out.” 
 
          “Like old times?” 
 
          “You know you may not be a threat but you better stop pretending to be a hero.” 



Tony Stark was the Avenger’s patron, their mechanic, and they had no room for Tony.  Iron Man was to join them for missions by virtue of the suit being one of their heavy hitters, but Tony was a Consultant and nothing more.   Iron Man was drilled for answers, and Tony was told to shut up.They didn’t think of either man--and wasn’t that damn confusing?   It’s ME.  I AM Iron Man- -as a teammate, and like hell were either a friend.  A few moments over the years had made Tony wonder--a conversation that ended without a derisive verbal slap, a warm expression thrown his way after he handed over an upgrade.  Like--maybe friendship might be in their future. Maybe they just needed a little more time.But time passed, and a space didn’t open up.  Tony did little more than parry and deflect--with words, expressions, quick exits, and days at a time when JARVIS was his only companion.  JARVIS had been so good at knowing when to play off a joke and when to actually talk.  Tony had no clue who had taught him that.         (knew it hadn’t been Tony)But he wasn’t deflecting tonight.  A year had passed--and how was that possible?  It felt like it had been days. It felt like the first few hours after, when silence filled the Tower like poisonous gas, taking all Tony’s strength and never letting him die.He didn’t deserve the easy out.It had been one year since Tony’s most advanced child was murdered in their home, under Tony’s very feet as he sat with the Avengers.  JARVIS had died while that tiny, idiotic hope--that  maybe they need time-- stirred in Tony’s chest.  A year ago, JARVIS had died alone.   Since the Avengers saw him walk through the door of the Compound earlier that morning, Tony had felt the weight of Maximoff’s glares, had born Romanoff’s hot/cold gas-lighting, and had shrugged off Captain America’s weary disappointment.  Of course, as if the hostile atmosphere hadn’t been primed enough, Barton’s arrival was a garnish on top of the cheesecake.           “You didn’t bring the kids?” Rogers asked, after embracing the man.         “Didn’t think it was a good idea,” Barton replied, eyes travelling around the room--not landing on where Tony sat at the breakfast island, but it was all a bit too casual to be real.  “Not  here  , at least.”    Ah.  There goes the casual. Rogers’ face was grim as he too was very carefully not looking away from his friend.  Tony wanted to roll his eyes.          Which next?    Tony mused.    He’s here to comfort Maximoff, or he thinks it’s good to support the team, in spite of SOME PEOPLE.          “I’m glad you’re here,” Rogers said with a smile.  “Wanda could use the support.”  That’s one...          “Yeah, I imagine 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & happiness

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
umm
who else - Freeform
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
because I can't
we're giving Tony happiness much sooner than all that
Team Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony can take care of himself
but he DOES have a loving family who will do it too

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & happiness

