Work Text:
Rhodey had sent Peter to stay with Roberta in Philadelphia to keep him safe from harm's way while everything that happened... happened.Tony felt like he had an itch he couldn't scratch for the entire plane ride. He knew exactly what would make it go away, and it was in Philadelphia, but that didn't make the wait any easier. He wanted, more than anything, to see Peter again; he wanted to pick him up, despite being sore all over, and hold him, and never let go.When the car finally pulled up to the front of the Rhodes residence, Rhodey went to find Peter first, because Tony arriving without warning might shock the heartbroken eleven year old more than would probably be healthy. Roberta had been warned over the phone before they got on the plane, and she warned them to expect loving smacks across the back of the head for scaring her as soon as it was situationally appropriate.“You wait here,” Rhodey said, stopping Tony in the middle of the living room, where Roberta hugged him and Pepper firmly and, true to her word, smacked his shoulder gently, before hugging him again and clucking maternally at the sight of his injuries.“Make it quick,” Tony murmured, and the knowing look Rhodey sent his way assured him that he understood.---Rhodey tapped gently on the cracked-open door of his old room, which was where Roberta had put Peter while he was staying there. “Peter, buddy,” he said softly, easing the door open enough to stick his head in.Peter was sitting on the bed, a book open in his lap that he clearly hadn't been reading. When he answered, he spoke quietly, a sullen look on his face. “Hi, Uncle Rhodey.”Rhodey's heart clenched, but he knew that the solution for Peter's sadness was right downstairs. “Hey, kiddo,” he said. “I've got a surprise for you downstairs, you wanna come see?”Peter looked up, like the idea of a surprise in itself was the surprise. He didn't exactly look excited, but he at least seemed interested. “Ok.”Rhodey smiled and held a hand out. “Come on, then.”Peter climbed off the bed and crossed the room to take Rhodey's hand.---Tony heard Rhodey's voice as it came back down the stairs.“-you're gonna love this, Pete, I think it's something you've been really wanting.”God, Tony had really been wanting this, too.Walk faster, Platypus. I need to see my baby.Rhodey rounded the corner into the living room, closely followed by Peter, who was looking down at his feet as he held onto Rhodey's hand, and didn't see Tony right away.He looked sadder than Tony had ever seen him.Rhodey crouched down to Peter's level and tilted his head to catch Peter's gaze, putting a gentle hand on the back of the boy's head. “Look, buddy, look who's here for you.”Peter shot Rhodey a confused look at the use of the word “who”. Rhodey nodded encouragingly, and Peter turned his head to the rest of the room. His eyes went wide, quickly filling with tears.“Dad?” Peter whispered, not moving from where he stood, like his feet were rooted to the carpet.Tony's throat was closing up, but he managed a smile. “Hey, ducky,” he said hoarsely. He held his arms out to his son. “Come here.”That was apparently all the prompting Peter needed, and he let out a forceful sob as he darted forward to run into Tony's waiting arms. “Daddy,” he cried, as he barreled into Tony's chest, wrapping skinny arms around Tony's neck and holding on tight. Tony grunted a little at the impact, but instead of loosening his grip he pulled Peter closer, lifting him up off the ground to hold him properly. Peter's legs wrapped securely around his waist as he went up.Tony buried a hand in Peter's hair, shutting his eyes tightly and letting himself soak in the feeling. He could feel Peter's tears soaking his neck and the shoulder of his t-shirt, and he could feel Peter's stomach heaving sporadically against his from how hard he was sobbing, and he hated that the tears were because of him. He opened his eyes so that he could walk to the nearest couch and sit down on it, Peter sitting on his lap like an even smaller child than he was.Peter continued to cry, clinging to Tony like he was afraid he would disappear, until Tony realized that he was starting to hyperventilate a little bit.Tony pulled back just enough to see Peter's tear-stained face, holding it between his hands and swiping his thumbs under Peter's eyes gently to wipe at the rapidly falling tears. “Peter,” he crooned, keeping his voice at a low whisper, “stop crying, baby, please stop crying.”Peter's big brown eyes opened to look at Tony, his face scrunched up and red and shining from all the salt water covering his cheeks. He took a couple of sharp, uneven breaths, before more tears spilled over and he dissolved into even bigger, more violent sobs. “Daddy,” he whined, in between gasps that almost scared Tony more than anything else he had seen over the last few days.“Peter,” Tony repeated, almost desperately. “Peanut, you've gotta stop crying. You're going to make yourself sick, honey.”Peter's sobs sho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kid Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Iron Man 3
this one is way sadder than my usual brand guys fair warning
nobody dies but it's so heartbreaking
You'll see what I mean
it's im3 you probably know what i mean but still
i'm so nervous about this one dsfgfsh

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

