Work Text:
Peter’s decathlon practice had just ended. As MJ and Ned made their way over to him, he heard Mr. Harrington say something about a big announcement. He paid no mind to his teacher, and started talking to his friends. He briefly caught something about a field trip. Don’t get him wrong, Peter loves field trips. Even though he got bitten by a radioactive spider on the last one. That was not fun at first, but now he’s Spiderman! After Thanos, Mr. Stark officially made him an Avenger, with a press conference and everything. That was one of the best days of his life! Spiderman, the Avenger. He watched Flash freak out on the Monday after the conference. What an idiot. He was all in love with spiderman, saying they were boyfriends. As if. Peter has nothing against Flash liking guys, but when said guy is his alter ego, it gets kinda weird, considering Flash bullies him. Said bully then came up to Peter as he was lost in thought. “Hey Penis! Are you ready to have your lie exposed? Ha, I'm gonna be the one who tells Tony Stark of your crime. Maybe Spiderman will be there!” he laughed. Peter was extremely confused. Why would Flash even be in the same room as his da- Mr. Stark?“Hey, dude. Did you even hear what Mr. Harrington said?” Ned asked him. Peter obviously looked bewildered, because Ned then said, “We’re going to Stark Industries for our trip.. The tower Mr. Stark recently rebought.” Peter looked at his best friend wide eyed. Oh shit. -------------------Peter came home from patrol that night a bit earlier than usual. He now lives with the Avengers at the compound, saying it was too dangerous for May, but since Mr. Stark rebought the tower, he sleeps there on the weekdays, as do the rest of the Avengers. The Rogues were officially pardoned for their crimes because they helped stop Thanos. They integrated well back into the current Avengers, but not without some slight arguments here and there. But it worked out in the end, because everyone is friends now. Some people shared their biggest secrets, like Steve and Bucky. FLASHBACK! (Random noises yee)Steve had announced one night that he and Bucky were dating. He just said it, right out of the blue during movie night. Bucky had punched his arm, then buried his very red face in his hands. Steve smiled sheepishly as the other Avengers turned to look at the couple. They gave them thumbs up, smiles, or a knowing look. Tony Stark then took the secret couple time to announce something too. “Oh, we’re sharing secrets now? Okay, well, Stephanie and I are dating too!” This was a surprise to everyone though, (except for Peter. He’s known for a while). They all knew that Tony and Pepper had called off the engagement after Thanos, but they didn't know that Tony would be with someone already. Well, it had been a bit over a year, which is understandable. Thank Thor that Stephen wasn’t at the compound that night, or else he’d have Tony’s head. All of the sudden, swirling sparks of an orange portal came into view behind the couch. The Avengers stopped dead while speaking, because an angry Stephen meant hell for whoever made him mad. The majority of the Rogues have made this mistake multiple times. It was not good. Mostly it was for insulting Tony in front of him, but they're all on better terms now. As Stephen stepped out of the vortex, he noted that everyone was quiet. He narrowed his eyes, looked at Tony, and spoke in such a done with everything voice that the other Avengers didn’t think that it wasn’t even him speaking.“What did you do,” is all he said to Tony. “I may have ... uh… told them...we were… together…?” Tiny has said with a tiny voice. He sounded scared, and Peter thought he should be. Stephen stopped dead in his tracks of leaving the portal. After a second, he calmly stepped out, closed it, turned to Tony, and stared at him for a full minute. Peter could physically see that he was trying to figure out what to do. Stephen then looked up at the ceiling, muttered something only Peter could detect because of his enhanced hearing, which was “the vishanti are testing me today” huffed very loud, and went to the kitchen. He soon returned with an apple. He then threw said apple at Tony’s head, which hit him square on the side of his face. Tony gasped, ran past a laughing Stephen, and came back with a bag of flour, which he promptly dumped on Stephens head (with MUCH difficulty bc he short) and that escalated into a whole food fight. Only Peter picked up on Bruce saying to Thor that he’s glad he didn’t have to share anything about them. He smiled and went to join.END FLASHBACK! (Reverse noises yee)Peter smiled fondly at the memory as he entered the tower. The receptionist who worked there on weekdays flashed a grin at Peter. Oh no. They all knew. This will be an amazing trip. He went to the elevator, swiped his badge, and asked Friday to put him up to the Avengers Common Room. Friday happily complied and he shot up through the tower. One side of the elevator was glass,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
peter parker & his class

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Everyone is friends
civil war did happen but its okay now
tony and stephen are dads
everyone else is just like aunts and uncles
redeemed flash
dad tony
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
this was vv fun to write
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
im not very proud of this but it was fun to do
oh well

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
peter parker & his class

