Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

if you get a notification for this i'm sorry, this chapter deleted because i'm an idiot and i had to re-upload





Chapter Text
When Tony Stark, age zero years, zero months, zero days, and zero minutes came screaming into the world on the 29th of May, 1970, it was a bright, sunny day in Manhattan, New York. 
Brought into the world by some of the cities finest doctors and nurses, from the very start, he was inducted into a life of comfort and luxury.
His father waited anxiously in the corridor, preferring to leave the business of childbirth to his wife. Seeing her in such a state could potentially damage their professional relationship, and instead he paced up and down, gnawing at his nails, as he waited for the sex of the child to be revealed.
When Tony Stark, age zero years, zero months, zero days, and zero minutes came screaming into the world, his mother would not hold him and his father got drunk.
 
It was not the first attempt.
Maria and Howard, in the early days of their marriage, had once been in love.
Not deeply in love. Not the sort of love that gets songs written in it’s honour. Not man and woman, together, into the sunset. Howard, after the traditional period of courtship, had admitted that women were not hit forte. But that he had money. And that was something she wanted.
They shared a companionship. Ambition. A certain greed for power. Howard, older and not young as he used to be, had seen in Maria more than voluptuous curves and ruby lips, more than the olive skin and the ebony hair, he had seen a wit and raw intelligence, a characteristic he admired in anyone, particularly his soon to be 'wife'.
And Maria, young and beautiful, had seen in Howard, a man old enough to be her father, a chance to escape her own domineering family. A chance for power, for something else. A strong character, she had always known what she wanted. She was Italian. A staunch catholic, when she chose to be. 
A whirlwind romance. A marriage. Howard Stark, semi-eligable bachelor, was off the market, and hundreds of greedy socialites wept into their martinis as Maria Collins Carbonell, Italian nobody and daughter of a criminal, swept away with the main prize.
Not that the deal was sealed, obviously. Howard needed something first.
Maria had no idealistic ideas about why exactly Howard had married her. She knew what he wanted, and it wasn’t her smarts. She was young, attractive. Howard needed an heir. From the start, an unwritten contract of sorts was drawn up between them: ‘I can give you what you want if you can give me a son.'
Maria had no interest in children. She was young and the idea of being pulled down by a child, a screaming, crying, puking child, did not appeal. The idea of her life being put on hold was not one that she had interest in. She married Howard for the status, for the chance to do something right by her life. Charity was her passion, a strange choice, maybe, for a woman so shrewd. But she followed the values by which she had been raised.
To be honest, the only other way she was going to get out was to become a nun.
When she had felt the first baby swell inside her, like a cancerous growth, Maria had panicked. She did not, could not, would not, have this child. She could not give her life to this baby. She was too young, and Howard was too old, and he drank too much, and they would both be terrible parents. It was a bad, bad, idea.
Two months later, when she woke up with bloody sheets and a burning in her gut, she felt ill, so so incredibly ill, and evil, that the only emotion she could conjure up was relief.
But Howard had been kind. It had brought them together, that first failure, the child that never was. Maria planted a tree in their garden, in the back, right by the spot where she would sometimes read in the summer, so that in the coming years she could rest under the shade.
“We can try again,” Howard had assured her, as if that was supposed to be a comfort, a reassurance we’ll try again, even though Maria did not want this.
In the mean time, she set up the Maria Stark Foundation. It tackled poverty abroad, mostly, in the developing countries, but very quietly offered aid to woman escaping abusive relationships.
After that, Howard’s drinking got heavier. Always a steady drinker, in the summer of 1961, he took a downward turn. Maria made allowances.
Howard killed people for a living. She wouldn’t begrudge him his method of escape. Life was stressful, for him, always had been. She was not their to offer comfort.
The next attempt ended in a child carried to six months. This time, it was far along enough to go into labour, and she gave birth to a very dead little boy.
Howard was not so forgiving. He was not cruel, and he never blamed her, but the loss of the son that could have been jarred something inside him. After the customary period of comfort was done, he began to drink more. Work took up too much time. Sometimes, he would be gone for days, and Maria wouldn’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Whitney Frost
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark are the official pairing
Tony just sleeps around a lot
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Kid Fic
Angst
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Growing Up
Friends to Lovers
Eventual Happy Ending
Extremis
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Unrequited Love
#rhodeyappreciation
DreamVision
Terrorism
Hydra (Marvel)
Depression
Anxiety Disorder

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Whitney Frost
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark are the official pairing
Tony just sleeps around a lot
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

