Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter’s phone buzzing on his nightstand woke him. Squinting open one eye, he groped for it half-blind. The cracked screen showed the time, 6:28, two minutes before his alarm went off, and a text from Ned.Peter groaned as he unlocked his phone, opening the message.
Ned: holy crap it’s happening!!! ITS ACTUALLY HAPPENING
His phone buzzed again, another text from Ned, this time with a link to an article about the Kenobi movie being confirmed.
Peter: adflkhxv this is the best day of my life
He followed it up with a gif of a woman saying “I’m so used to giving and now I get to receive” before turning off his alarm as it went off and getting out of bed.School was the same as ever. His chemistry teacher gave them a pop quiz which Peter passed with no problem, Flash tripped him in the hallway and Peter had to force himself to drop all his books and sprawl on the grimy floor. The news of the Kenobi movie kept him and Ned in a good mood, and they chatted about it over lunch. Immediately after school ended, Peter ducked into an alley, changed into his suit, and got to patrolling.It was a fairly boring evening. He stopped a car accident, caught two purse-snatchers, helped a few lost tourists. He went home for dinner, a rather bland pork roast with mashed potatoes, and then went out again.   It was nearing his curfew when he heard what sounded like miniature explosions coming from a nearby alley. Excitement peaking, Peter swung over to the sounds, perching on a roof to get a better look.There was a figure in the alley, muttering to itself as it made complicated gestures. Little circles of light kept appearing and disappearing quickly, emitting fizzing, sparking noises. Occasionally, two of them would collide with a bang and then vanish.Peter wasn’t sure what to do. That person was clearly doing magic—he’d seen enough of it first hand from Dr. Strange. And while not necessarily illegal, something about the scene made the hairs on the back of Peter’s neck stand up.“Karen, what’s he doing?” Peter whispered.“I believe he is performing some sort of ritual, Peter.”“That’s bad, right? ‘Ritual’ isn’t usually used for good things.”“I’m not sure,” Karen admitted. Peter sighed.“Ok, well... let’s go ask.” He leaped from the roof, using a web to stop his fall at the last minute, landing silently behind the man.“Hey, man,” Peter called. The guy whirled. Peter thought he’d just surprised him, but then he shot a swirl of purple colored light at Peter.“Ok, so I take it you’re a bad guy.” Peter dodged the light easily, backflipping onto a wall and sticking there in a crouch. “Good guys usually ask for a picture or something.”The man still didn’t speak, just sent another brightly colored wave of magic.“Don’t give Harry Potter a bad name like this, Mr. Wizard Guy,” Peter reasoned. He shot a web, pinning one of the man’s wands to his side. He smiled behind his mask, but the smile fell when Merlin—that’s what Peter decided to call him—spat a few words and the webbing immediately melted off.“Woah. Dr. Strange didn’t know that one.”Peter tried just using more webbing, leaping around the alley walls and pouring half a bottle’s worth of fluid on Merlin, but the spell worked just as effectively.“Crud.” Peter tried to take a moment to regroup, figure out a plan, but Merlin kept firing spell after spell and Peter didn’t have a second to think, just had to react on instinct and dodge wildly.One of his bounds took him to a fire escape. Peter eyed the rusting metal ladder, then shrugged and grabbed it, ripping it from the wall.He dodged another bolt of light, and hurled himself at Merlin. Bending the metal was easy with his strength, and after a moment he had one irate wizard tied up.“Ha. Wizards: zero. Superheroes: one,” Peter cheered. “Karen, place a call to the police, will you?”“Done, Peter.”“Maybe I should call Dr. Strange,” Peter mused. ”Does he even have a phone, though? That’d kind of ruin the mystical sorcerer aesthetic he has going.”Peter looked down, concentrating on changing his web-fluid vials. He shouldn’t have. In the space of a heartbeat, there was the groan of bending metal, then a blinding orange flash that sent Peter soaring backward. He slammed into a dumpster and fell forward to the ground, unconscious.He woke up slowly, pain filtering through his back where he hit the metal dumpster.“Ow,” he groaned, sitting up slowly. “Karen, what happened?”“You had a fight with a wizard. He got away. Don’t you remember?”“No. Do I have a concussion?” He asked. He’d had concussions before and it didn’t feel like one now. He hoped he didn’t—there was a protocol for concussions that meant Mr. Stark would be alerted and Peter would have to spend the night in the Medbay.“I don’t have any indication that you hit your head, Peter, apart from the forgetfulness. Would you like me to call Mr. Stark anyway?”“No, that’s... that’s alright. What time is it?”“It’s ten minutes to midnight.”“Shoot, May will be pissed if I miss curfew,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Humor
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Time Loop
pop culture references
Identity Reveal
Canon-Typical Violence
School Gun Violence
Minor Injuries
references bullying
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
injuries
Car Accidents
On the Run
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Action
Temporary Character Death
Brief discussion of suicide
Peter Parker is a Genius
Science Inaccuracies
Blood
Hand-wavy magic
Flashbacks
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

