Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Harry?” Peter stumbled out of the bedroom in nothing but his Alpha’s pajama pants, the flannel bottoms dragging the floor and nearly tripping him as he rubbed at his eyes sleepily. “Harry, where are you? Come back to bed, babe. It’s still early and good Alpha’s give their Omega’s blowjobs before–”“Pete!” Harry jumped up from his seat at the kitchen table and cut his boyfriend off with a kiss, inclining his head towards the and muttering, “Please don’t finish that sentence, my dad is here. He’s finishing up a call, so go put some clothes on before he sees you and makes some comment about me letting you be lazy.”“Of course your dad’s here.” Peter muffled a groan into his hands and turned back to head towards the bedroom. “I’ll go get dressed before your father judges me and finds me wanting, hm?”“Pete.” The Alpha said in exasperation. “He’s not that bad.”“He really is.” Peter groused, digging through his drawers for something acceptable to wear. “You know I hate that we can’t just relax around him, Harry. Why do you invite him over when all he does is act like we aren’t good enough? This is our home, not a boardroom. I shouldn’t have to pretend to be a–”“Please.” Harry cupped Peter’s jaw, pleading with his Omega. “Please just don’t make a scene? Dad’s helping me a lot right now with work, please just play nice. For me.”“I’ll play nicer after a cup of coffee.” Peter was still irritated, but he managed a smile for his boyfriend. It wasn’t really Harry’s fault that Norman was controlling and intrusive and about a thousand other things that got on Peter’s nerves, but he would have been happy if his Alpha had drawn some boundaries with his dad. It was beyond awkward to have Norman over whenever he felt like showing up, the older Alpha spreading about the space like he owned it, talking to Peter as if the Omega was his and not Harry’s…Something about Norman’s entire demeanor it made Peter’s skin crawl, but he knew better than to complain too much. It was easier to just stay quiet and hope the Alpha left quickly so he and Harry could go back to being normal together.“Peter, you’re just barely awake?” Norman Osborn spoke up the minute Peter got back to the kitchen, the Alpha’s dark gaze flicking disapprovingly over his hurried dress job. “It’s almost eight am, Harry’s been doing paperwork for over an hour. Do you always sleep this late?”“Good morning, Mr. Osborn.” Peter sighed, but when Harry sent him a pleading look, he forced a smile and added, “Sorry about that, just moving a little slow this morning.”“Hm.” Norman made a sort of disgruntled noise, then sat back at the table to start looking over some of the files Harry had spread out.The Alpha was uncharacteristically quiet as Harry got Peter some toast and coffee, foregoing his usual comment about ‘Omega’s serving Alpha’s, not the other way around’. He was even quiet when Peter leaned in to kiss Harry again, and when Peter’s phone started to ring with some annoyingly jaunty tune, but the moment he saw Peter shaking pills out of his suppressant bottle–—“You’re still taking those suppressants?” Norman asked, sounding genuinely surprised, and Peter swallowed awkwardly before answering– “Of course?”“I was under the impression that they weren’t working for you anymore.” The Alpha clarified. “Harry was saying there was an incompatibility between these pills and your biology, that they weren’t working very well.”“Oh.” Peter took another sip of water before answering, quietly wondering why his Alpha had felt the need to share that bit of information with his dad. “Well yes, these ones don’t work very well for me anymore. I’m not sure if I’ve built up a tolerance or if the make-up of the pills have changed, but the last three or four months they haven’t been doing they’re supposed to.”  Norman raised his eyebrow, obviously waiting for more of an explanation and Peter inwardly groaned before adding “My pre heat mood swings are getting more extreme, and my heat itself is starting to last closer to five days instead of just three. Between the pre heat symptoms and the actual heat, I’m exhausted for days afterwards, too. I missed almost two weeks of school last month and I can’t afford to do that again.”“The other day there was a fight on the subway and Pete called me in tears.” Harry reached out and squeezed the Omega’s hand. “Couple of Alpha’s going at it, but without his suppressants he was so affected by their hormones that it nearly sent him into a panic attack.”“The suppressants just stopped working altogether?” Norman didn’t even seem like he was listening, jotting notes down on a memo as he asked, “Or have you had to up your dosage? You have to be careful with that, you know. Too much of a suppressant dose and you’ll compromise your fertility, then you might as well be a Beta.” “I know I have to be careful.” A little annoyed that the older Alpha thought it was necessary to tell him how to use Omega-specific suppressants– and deciding to ign
[starting tags]
relationship: 
(past)
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade
Alpha Harry
Omega Peter
Alpha Norman
suppressants
Manipulative Relationship
But Peter Doesn't Realize it At First
breaking up
Peter is Homeless
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Weasel is a good bro
he tries
Protective Wade Wilson
First Meetings
Awkwardness
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Developing Relationship
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Wade is a Good Alpha
Imprinting
Platonic Bed Sharing
Drunk Peter is Horny
Wade is a Saint
Sharing a Heat
Explicit Sexual Content
First Kiss
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Knotting
Possessive Behavior
Relationship Negotiations
Misunderstandings
slight angst
Fluff and Smut
Inappropriate Humor
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Bonding
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
(past)
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

