Work Text:
This wasn’t Pepper’s first kidnapping. She felt a weird sort of pride in being able to say that, as though being kidnapped was a some sort of merit badge to collect. Admittedly, this was only her second kidnapping but she was surprised to find that her previous experience made her feel very calm when this one occurred. Or maybe it was because she knew who had kidnapped her and quite frankly, she wasn’t impressed. 
Rogers was pacing around, his chest puffed out like a peacock and clearly thinking very highly of himself. Barton was slouched in a chair over to one side, sneering at them in triumph. Maximoff was alternately glaring at them and, when Rogers was turned in her direction, looking as sweet and innocent as she could. Pepper had marked Maximoff the moment she’d had her blindfold removed. Maximoff would have to be dealt with first after all. Pepper was not going to allow the witch to carry on with any of her despicable tricks. Wilson was the only one looking like he might have some idea of how much trouble they were in but every time he glanced over at Rogers, his face took on a particularly idiotic expression of hero worship so Pepper knew he’d be of no use.
Barnes was, of course, still in Wakanda, receiving ‘treatment’. In truth, his treatment had finished some months ago but he’d asked that Rogers and the other Rogues not be informed. Apparently, now that he was in full possession of his faculties, he was less than impressed with his bestest buddy and his friends. And Lang… well, he was back in San Francisco, in the proverbial doghouse, as he worked to regain Hank Pym’s trust and therefore get his suit back.
So, the only one truly missing was Romanov and that probably explained why this monumental piece of idiocy had occurred. The Rogues only had about two working brain cells between them and Romanov was usually the one in possession of both of them.
Of the ladies with her, only Gamora and Nebula and the Asgardian ladies looked as unimpressed as she felt. Jane and Darcy were both apprehensive but also faintly smug. Which she rather understood. Thor and Jane might be currently on something of a break (which Pepper predicted was going to last only a few more weeks based on the pining looks the two of them directed at each other and she made a mental note to nudge Tony in Jane’s direction to perhaps give her some tips about dealing with a boyfriend who had the potential to severely outlive you… though based on a few speculative looks she’d seen Loki giving Tony, she had her suspicions about certain apples that had been mentioned in the Norse legends… but she was digressing) but that didn’t mean the God of Thunder wasn’t going to be very angry about this.
Hope was glaring at the idiots who had kidnapped them and Pepper was rather amused to see that they were more than a bit intimidated by her. She wasn’t surprised. Hope had honed that glare on her father and Hank Pym was one of the most stubborn men Pepper had ever met… and she knew Tony Stark. 
Betty, on the other hand, was sitting calmly and looking both relaxed and highly amused, as well she might.
“Mr Rogers,” Pepper said in a tone one might use to chastise a three year old. “I have no idea what you intend to get out of this nor do I particularly care because it’s not going to happen. I suggest you let us go right now or there will be a great deal of trouble.”
Rogers’ chin went up in a defiant gesture that wouldn’t have looked out of place on the three year old Pepper had imagined herself talking to. “Tony’s not going to do anything that would risk harming you.”
Pepper arched an eyebrow and there were snickers from a few of the ladies. “Oh, I wasn’t talking about Tony, I was talking about us.”
Barton snorted derisively and Pepper levelled a steady look on him that had him shrinking back involuntarily. Pepper made a mental note to send a very nice gift basket to Laura as a condolence present for having married such a monumental moron.
A quick glance at the other Rogues showed her that they agreed with Barton, even if they weren’t saying it, and Pepper rolled her eyes. She glanced around at the other women and got a series of small nods and, from Loki, a smirk. Pepper wasn’t surprised that the Rogues hadn’t figured out who the unknown woman was just yet. Loki’s female form was both similar to her male form and yet utterly different. She retained the pale skin and black hair and the slim build but there the similarity ended. No one would ever mistake Loki for being anything other than a truly handsome man but those features refined into the female form took on a beauty that was breathtaking. When Pepper had first seen Lady Loki, it had taken almost all of her considerable control to not fall over laughing and she had made a mental note to ensure FRIDAY took a picture of Tony’s face when he saw Loki. She wanted a souvenir of that moment.
“Mr Rogers,” she continued. “In this room you have the CEO of one of the biggest tech companies in the worl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Lady Loki
badass ladies being badass
Pepper is unimpressed
I feel like I should add Darcy's cleavage as a tag
You'll see why when you read it
not team Cap friendly
Moderated due to trolls

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

