Chapter 1: Nightmares
    




Chapter Text

Peter Parker was many things.

He was Spider-Man, the top of his Sophomore class at Midtown, basically a 15 year old genius, and… a cuddler?

If someone would’ve told Peter six months ago that  he would end up spending his Friday nights curled up into Tony Stark’s side while eating gourmet popcorn and watching old (and somewhat shitty) movies, he would have laughed at them. He would’ve have told them that Tony Stark was a man of few emotions and avid hater of physical contact. He would have also pointed out that Tony Stark would literally have no reason to be hanging out with some weird, nerdy kid from Queen. 

But it turns out he was completely wrong in both of those regards. In a weird twist of fate, Peter quickly learned that Mr. Stark does in fact possess quite a few emotions, and cuddling was definitely one thing he would never turn down. He also did have a purpose for hanging out with a nerdy fifteen year old, as that fifteen year old just happened to be the one and only Spider-Man who tried to almost get himself killed on the daily. 

And even if he would never admit it outloud, Peter filled the empty void that the Rogue Avengers had left behind. Up until Peter started coming over more frequently, there were times where Tony couldn’t even bare to be in the Compound. The silence was just to deafening, and the memories just seemed to continually haunted him. 

However he made new memories with Peter, and the kid was anything but silent. Slowly but surely it started to feel like home again, and Tony realized that Peter really was the missing link in his life. 

So there they laid, curled up on the couch with no less than five blankets and seven pillows. Peter had managed to tuck himself under Tony’s arm with his cheek pressed to the older man's chest, and Tony’s arm was lazily thrown over Peter’s shoulder. The clock struck midnight right as they were about halfway through their third movie, and Peter could barely stop himself from falling asleep right then and there. Not to mention that Tony was gently running in fingers through his curls, which did not help the droopy feeling in his eyes. 

“Don’t fall asleep on me kiddo”, Tony joked, as Peter just hummed into his chest. “We can head off to bed if you’re getting sleepy” 

“But popcorn”, Peter mumbled, looking over at the half filled bucket. “We need to finish our popcorn”

“It’ll still be there tomorrow”, Tony laughed, ignoring the boy’s groans of protest as he stood up from the couch. “And if not I’ll just order some more, the perks of being a billionaire and all” 
Tony somehow managed to get Peter back to his room, and he barely lasted one minute after his head hit the pillow before he was out like a light. Tony knew the kid hadn’t been sleeping very good lately. Whenever he’d wake up in the middle of the night he often went the roof of his apartment building with his mask on to talk to Karen. He probably didn’t know that Friday alerted Tony every time he put on the suit after curfew, but as long as he wasn’t Spider-Maning he didn’t see any issue. 
 Karen had been designed to help Peter and act as almost a parental figure, and it warmed Tony’s heart to see him actually using her for that purpose. He also knew that she had talked him down from many panic attack, and has saved his life to many times to count. 
Not to mention ever since the Vulture incident, Tony has vowed to never take the suit away again. He instead updated it so that he could shut down certain parts of the suit if he deemed it necessary. It would be pretty hard to go out as Spider-Man without web shooters. 

But he would never consider turning off Karen. Not in a million years. 

So before Tony left Peter's room to go off to his own bed, he carefully grabbed the Spider-Man mask sticking out of his backpack and placed it on the nightstand that stood next to his bed. Just in case he needed it. 
 



“Sir, it seems that Peter Parker is in distress” 

Friday’s voice rung throughout Tony’s bedroom, waking him up almost instantly. The words didn’t make sense at first, but slowly but surely they came together. 

Peter Parker. Distress. 

Before he even knew it, he was out of bed and heading down the hallway in the direction of Peter’s room. 

Peter was indeed in distress, clearly having some kind of nightmare. All of his blankets and pillows had been thrown off the bed, and Peter laid on the empty mattress thrashing around while also calling out to Tony. 

“

Please 

I don’t wanna go”, he cried, and Tony quickly ran over to his bedside.

“How long has be been like this Friday?”, Tony asked, grabbing onto Peter’s arm to try and stop him from moving. 

“About fifteen minutes sir”, Friday responded.

“

Mr. Stark”, 

Peter called again, his voice so raw and scared it broke Tony’s heart into a million pieces. 

It was still such a new and foreign concept to Tony that this fifteen year old looked up to him and 

trusted him 

so much. Not to mention t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
Fluff
SO MUCH FLUFF
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Kid Peter Parker
we're ignoring Infinity War
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Protective Tony Stark
Literally everyone things Peter is Tony's kid
they're not wrong
Angst
Infinity War spoilers
Hurt Peter Parker
descriptions of violence
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

