Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“But Mr Stark, I didn’t think it was important and I didn’t want to bother you w-”

“Kid, we’ve spoken about this,” Tony pointed out, and Peter broke eye contact in favour of staring at his old faded sneakers that seem so out of place in Tony’s penthouse at the Avengers Tower. “If you have to 

think about

 whether it’s important enough to tell me, that means it 

is 

important enough to tell me. You’re not a bother, Pete, you’re the best kid I know. We clear?”

Peter looked up and meets the kind eyes of his . . . mentor? Father-figure? Hero? He wasn’t sure, but he nodded his understanding anyway.

“I promise,” the teen said, his facial expressions open and sincere. Tony smiled and ruffled Peter’s brown curls, before seeing that it was dinner time and throwing his arm around the younger hero, leading them both towards the kitchen.

“You hungry, kiddo?” He asked, keenly aware of the teen’s enhanced metabolism and his equally strong habit of not asking for something - even as simple as food- when he needed it.

Peter hopped onto one of the stools at the large kitchen island and spun it round in a lazy circle, before nodding his head. Tony rolled his eyes fondly at the sight of the boy in his old MIT jumper, run down jeans and scruffy shoes and then started cracking some eggs into a pan for omelettes. They slipped into their usual dinner routine; Peter talking animatedly about his recent patrol, hands moving so quickly they became a blur as the boy mimed throwing webs and fighting Queen’s local bad guys, and Tony pretending that he didn’t find it absolutely adorable listening to his excitable reenactments. When the omelettes were cooked and slipped onto plates, he sat himself on the stool next to the teen and the pair started bouncing ideas off each other about potential options for Hawkeye’s new arrows- Tony still hadn’t succeeded in finding a way to make explosive arrows that would only be explosive when necessary so they could be used as standard arrows when it was unsafe to be causing explosions. The teen suggested a fuse design that could be fitted to the side of the arrows that Clint could break quickly when he drew them from his quiver if he didn’t want the explosive feature, and the older man was once again blown away by the pure 

brilliance 

of this kid.
 
After they’d finished eating, Peter jumped up to wash the plates, despite Tony’s protests that that’s exactly what his cleaning bots are for. 

“Do you really trust Butterfingers with anything?” The teen asked, his back to his mentor as he scrubbed away. “Like, even plates? Because I’m pretty sure he’d manage to set the water on fire or something. I mean seriously, Mr Stark, one time he was just kinda hovering around me when I was drinking some water after a patrol so I gave him my cup to refill and he came back with a cup of  

motor oil

- not . . . not that your bots aren’t great Mr Stark, I mean they’re really amazing and way better than anything I cou-”

“I’m gonna stop right you there, Pete. I made Butterfingers when I was bored and there were no murderous aliens trying to take over the world, so I know better than anyone that he’s far from perfect. Don’t stress out about it.” 

The plates clinked against the stainless steel draining board as the young hero stacked them up to dry, then grinning and shooting two webs to the centre of the kitchen’s ridiculously high ceiling. Peter pulled his arms back to his sides, propelling himself into the air with his webs, and somersaulted neatly twice in the air before landing gracefully in front of Tony with a shit-eating grin. He knew that the older man would pretend that he wasn’t impressed, but secretly loved seeing what Peter was capable of. Sure enough, the mechanic closed his eyes, massaging his temples in the universal 

why is this happening to me?

 gesture and sighing dramatically.

“Jesus, kid, you’re gonna send me to an early grave,” the billionaire joked, still massaging his temples with his eyes closed. Because of this, Tony never saw how quickly Peter’s face paled as he stumbled back a few steps in dreaded realisation. 

Tony Stark will leave you and it will be your fault, just like your parents and uncle Ben’s deaths were your fault. Tony Stark will leave you because everyone leaves you.

 The older man never saw the absolute terror in the boy’s eyes- eyes that were suddenly glistening with tears- caused by his thoughtless words: the teen’s breathing became shallow, still too quiet to get picked up by the inventor’s unenhanced hearing, as he wiped his eyes hastily with the back of hands to drag the tears away before they fell. 

He jerkily regained his footing, taking a few deep breaths, and saw Tony reopen his eyes with a smile. Peter forced a similar smile to his face, the effort of curving his lips draining him. 

He tried to pretend that the thoughts that always echoed at the back of mind weren’t now circling at the forefront of his thoughts like poison.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & The Avengers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James “Bucky” Barnes

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Insecure Peter Parker
Peter Parker has abandonment issues
but tony will never abandon him!!
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes & Peter Parker Friendship
tony is such a dad
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Family Feels
(kinda??) - Freeform
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Uncle Bucky Barnes
Uncle Steve Rogers
i finally wrote the epilogue!
go me!
Epilogue
fluffy epilogue
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & The Avengers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James “Bucky” Barnes

