Work Text:


I was out drinking yesterday and before I fell into bed I wrote down in my phones notes: "Derek sleeping over ar Stiles after a night out drinkind and him having to fart so much" I dont really have the muse to write that but maybe you like it :)

It's been embarrassing since he was fucking fourteen. It stopped being cute much earlier than that-- really only babies and sometimes dogs can pull off the funny, adorable gas-- but it was around puberty that it tipped beyond a neutral point. His dad had to have mortifying talks with him about properly washing his ass and maybe watching his diet. His roommates gave him his own bathroom. He was usually so careful. But Stiles made him crazy. Stiles was so fucking cute and infuriating and beyond clueless to the fact Derek was kind of over the moon for him. Derek thought he could make his point when Stiles invited him to go dancing. But before Derek could get the courage up to put his hips to work and grind on Stiles in a way that would make his knees weak, he was already surrounded out on the floor. Boys and girls pressing their naked bellies to him and trying to whisper in his ear. Derek doubled down on stupid decisions there and decided to wash down the angst with tequila shots. Stiles dragged him home, laughing fondly at him and calling him big guy and touching Derek's face so, so gently. Derek soaked up the attention like a wilted flower begging for water. It might have been a round about way of getting there, and it definitely was a little manipulative, but he was the only person Stiles brought home tonight and Stiles was even undressing him, getting him ready to crash on the couch. Derek wanted to kiss him. Derek wanted to tell him everything. Derek had to fart so bad he thought he might explode if he didn't. It felt like a bit of a nightmare, staring into those big, beautiful eyes and trying so hard to clench tight. Stiles kept looking at him funny, and Derek knew he was making distressed faces, probably sweating. His stomach kept gurgling way too loud for Stiles not to notice. He actually fucking whimpered, face flushed, like a pathetic puppy that didn't know what to do. Stiles just shook his head, snorted. "Dude you can just let it rip. No judgement here." Stiles said that, but he didn't know what it actually meant. He hadn't ever experienced the way Derek's farts were hot enough to irritate your eyes. But his pickled brain heard the encouragement and immediately relaxed. Derek stared deeply into his crush's eyes as he blasted hard enough, long enough, that they both questioned a little if he'd just shit himself. Stiles' nose was so cute as it wrinkled a little, and then a lot. His whole face turned bright red. He let out this soft, surprised, "Oh!" Derek wanted to die. There was no coming back from this. Stiles would never date him. Stiles might not even keep him around as a pity friend if he'd left an ass stain on this couch. At least, that was what Derek thought. But then Stiles was cuddling up to him, pushing them to lay down, holding Derek in the little spoon position and letting him feel that he was hard against his ass. "Keep me warm during the night, huh big guy? And maybe once you dry up we can make the morning special."  

Ever imagined that when Dean is alone in the hotel room he gets the greasiest pizza in town, just chills on the bed watching porn and is to lazy to wash up after eating so he jacks off with all the grease still on his hand?

It's not like Dean's not self aware enough to "get it". Believe it or not, he's pretty in touch with himself. Whether he chooses to acknowledge that information is his own damn choice, but he's got it all stored away pretty neatly, to examine if and when it feels right. That moment is not now, not when Sammy is away for the weekend and Dean's got a hot date with soap opera marathons, delivery pizza, and his trusty right hand. He knows it feels good to really burrow in and become a nasty fucking couch potato because of his ol' reliable daddy issues. He gets these visceral flashbacks about getting food slapped out of his hands, John refusing to buy him bigger jeans, being called tubs when told to change a tire and make it fucking snappy. John would call it tough love, that a chubby kid was one that would have a harder time running from monsters. A real dad would call it abuse. Dean didn't analyze it. He just lived with the results-- those being that greasy food didn't just comfort him, it actually made his dick hard. Eating whatever he wanted, however much he wanted, and in truly sloppy ways felt liberating and indulgent enough to tinge into erotic. Dean didn't have to furtively hide snacks. He didn't have to tuck the wrappers into his pockets to throw away privately. He didn't have to duck his head, waiting for the flurry of furious expletives when he popped another button. Instead he inhaled the melty cheese and salty meats and rich sauce. Deep dish. Stuffed crust. Dean put the box in his lap and m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Jordan Parrish/Sheriff Stilinski
Dean Winchester/Sam Winchester
Peter Quill/Thor
Chris Argent/Isaac Lahey
Hulk/Thor
Peter Parker/Thor

freeform: 
Pining
Friends to Lovers
Scents & Smells
Scent Kink
Farting
musk
Raunch
Spooning
Frottage
Drunkenness
Drunken Confessions
Drunken Shenanigans
Drunken Flirting
Masturbation
Food Kink
Food Sex
Feeding Kink
Belly Kink
Age Difference
Spanking
Public Sex
Public Blow Jobs
Under-Desk Blow Jobs
Watersports
piss drinking
Punishment
Light Dom/sub
Comeplay
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Incest
Sibling Incest
Daddy Kink
Foot Fetish
Scat
Dare
messing
Sex Toys
Dildos
Knotting Dildos
Loud Sex
Nursing
Nursing Kink
Armpit Kink
Choking
Face-Fucking
Wet & Messy
Foreskin Play
Smegma
Face-Sitting
Sounding
Macro/Micro
Fisting
Urethral Play
Body Worship

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Jordan Parrish/Sheriff Stilinski
Dean Winchester/Sam Winchester
Peter Quill/Thor
Chris Argent/Isaac Lahey
Hulk/Thor
Peter Parker/Thor

