Work Text:
Part One: Me"Are you seriously telling me," Bruce managed, as he and Natasha and Tony awkwardly tried to keep 210 pounds of Captain America balanced upright between them, "that with all the trained marksmen you've got on the premises—""You can stop now," Tony gritted out, arms straining as they tugged Cap along.Steve was looking at Tony and giggling.  "Your beard's funny.""Clint and Natasha and Rhodey," Bruce's glasses were knocked askew, "crack shots all—""This is a very unattractive side of you, you know that? " Tony glared at him. "I mean, is it important to you to be right all the time? Because it's not one of your nicer qualities.""—that you were really the best person to fire a tranquilizer gun?" With a final heave, they shoved Steve toward the gigantic white sofa, except Steve didn't let go of Tony, and so Tony fell on top of him and just lay there, panting. Bruce pushed his glasses up his nose and crossed his arms."Seriously, you're lucky you didn't kill him," Natasha said. "Anybody else, you would've killed him," and Tony reluctantly had to admit that was true: the drug Bruce had developed to calm the Hulk in an emergency worked on the big green rage monster for about 15 minutes, tops: a normal person would be have been knocked out for at least a week. Truth be told, he suspected that the dart was going to go wrong before he even fired it, but he'd told himself to buck up and be confident: how hard could it be to hit a green wall? Pretty hard, it turned out, especially with Steve and Natasha and Clint crowding around, trying to talk The Hulk into anger management. Hanging out with so many sharpshooters had maybe given him a false sense of how easy it was to hit targets with precision: all his friends could shoot between the eyes of a hummingbird, though mostly they were touchy-feely animal rights types and wouldn't. Thor might.Tony had fired at the Hulk and hit Captain America right in the ass. "Hey!" Steve had shouted angrily, whirling around. "What the—?" and then, "Whoa," and then, "Oh, boy," and then Steve's legs had seemed to go soft underneath him and he sank slowly, like he was underwater, until he was sitting dazedly on the floor. "Wow," Steve had said, then: "I feel funny," and then he'd started giggling. Everyone had stopped to look at him, shocked and worried—including, it turned out, The Hulk, who seemed to find a giggling Captain America as disturbing as everyone else. "Steve?" the Hulk had said in slow confusion, and then everyone had of course looked at him. "Steve hurt?" the Hulk had asked with rising temper, glaring at Tony, but then Natasha had stepped in quickly, hands raised, to say, "No, look, he's fine! Just fine! See?" and Hulk had turned back to Steve, who had gamely smiled, nodding rapidly, and said: "Yeah, I’m good! I feel great!" and then: "C'mere, big guy!" and okay, it was when Captain America started hugging the Hulk that Tony knew he was in big fucking trouble. Steve Rogers could do moral outrage like nobody’s business, and steely determination was always on tap, but hugging was not normally on the menu. Or giggling, grinning, cheer, or anything else resembling evidence of a good time.Clint turned and gave Tony an incredulous look. Natasha raised her hands and said, "This is on you; this is totally on you, Tony," though at least she stayed to scrape Cap off the floor. Banner helped too once he shrank back to his normal size; who knew hugging could even do that?"He's still conscious," Banner said now, bending to peer into Steve's blown pupils. "Which is a miracle. His body must be processing it pretty well. I'd try to keep him awake though.""Great," Tony said brightly. "Why don't we—""You," Natasha said, crossing her arms."Totally you," Bruce agreed, as Steve started stroking Tony’s beard with wondering fingertips."You know," Tony said, trying to pull out of Captain Handsy's stoned grip, "I'd like to point out that I'm not the one with the propensity for turning into a giant green rage—"Bruce was already heading out of the room. "Try not to kill him," Natasha advised on her way out. "He might just be the best of us," and Tony sank back into the sofa with Steve and gave them the finger as they departed. Stoned, Steve Rogers turned out to be a really touchy—feely guy, which was weird because he was so closed off and uptight in real life. Now, though, Steve was touching Tony's face like he was blind or something, feeling his cheekbones, nose, lips, then putting his fingers into Tony's mouth."Okay," Tony said, twisting his head away, "let's go with Plan A: TV and Doritos. Jarvis! I need a metric fuckton of Doritos—" but Steve held on to him when he moved to get the remote."Hey, don't go," Steve said, head lolling back against the cushions. "S'no fun to drink alone..." Interesting. "Huh." Tony turned, still half—sprawled on Steve's lap, and studied his face. "I had no idea you drank at all," and when Steve Rogers smiled there was something new in it: some sparkle,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Drunk Sex
Dubious Consent
Science Bros
Find Bucky
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bruce Banner Makes The Best Margaritas
Tequila Snobbery
Queer Sex-capades 1936
Avengers Everywhere

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

