Work Text:
To Peter, the rooftops were always calming. It was just something about them. The streets were where everyone was, where the crime was. The streets were where Spider-Man did his job, saving people and bringing criminals to justice.But the rooftops were peaceful. No one committed crimes up here. No one even came up here. It was just Peter, and the wind, and the night sky without a single shining star in it because New York’s light pollution was no joke.Yeah, he could get used to this. Hell, he already had. He always took breaks up here, letting himself catch his breath between catching criminals. Sometimes he’d come up here to relax before finally swinging back home, which was what he was doing currently. Just him, the sky, and the wind.“Thought I’d find ya here, Spidey!”…and Deadpool, apparently.“What do you want, Deadpool?” Peter asked, not bothering to turn around and look at him. There had been a time in Peter’s life where he wouldn’t have dared to do that — keep his back turned to a known mercenary. A man with a higher kill count than probably anyone else in New York City. Probably anyone else in America.Then again, there’d been a time before he’d known Wade’s name, too. A time before he’d known that the man loved anything if it was covered in cheese. A time before he’d known that Wade had been engaged, once, and hadn’t been able to save the woman he loved.Despite all of Wade’s joking, he was a pretty thoughtful guy. Genius, too. Peter had seen him in action before, had noticed the way he didn’t always just run blazing into a fight, but often took a moment to look around. To analyze things, to notice what he had to his advantage. As for the thoughtful thing, that was just impossible to deny. He always knew the right thing to say, though you wouldn’t really notice it if you weren’t paying attention. Once, Wade had caught Peter in the midst of a panic attack, Peter having accidentally fought a criminal a little too hard and sent him to the hospital, at the time unsure whether he’d live, and talked him out of it under the guise of annoying him. It wasn’t until Peter was laughing that he’d realized he wasn’t panicking anymore. And days later, Wade had been the one to deliver the news that the man was all right. Apparently, he’d stalked the guy for Peter’s sake.Another time, Peter had been cut up and bleeding after a fight with a man who’d had hidden blades in his gloves, and he’d collapsed on the top of a roof with his hands pressed to his stomach, blood pooling between his fingers and definitely going into shock. He still wasn’t quite sure how Deadpool tracked him down all the time, but that day, he’d been grateful for it. Wade had been the one to stitch him up, after all.So Peter might’ve sounded a little moody and worn out when he greeted Wade, but they both knew it was an act. Because honestly, Wade was probably his best friend, these days. Sure, Peter worked with the Avengers, but none of them knew his name or face. Granted, neither did Wade, but he still knew Peter. He couldn’t not, after all the time they’d spent together.“What, I can’t come say hi to my favorite spider?” Wade scoffed, plopping down onto the roof next to Peter. He had a to-go bag in his hands, which was typical, but it was a McDonald’s to-go bag, which was not.“McDonald’s?” Peter asked, staring at the bag incredulously. He wasn’t normally picky with his food, honest. After all, he was notorious for living off ramen and any cheap bulk foods he could get his hands on. But Wade spoiled him. He was always showing up with tacos or burritos or sandwiches from that one deli on the other side of town that literally made Peter consider taking up religion. So, understandably, McDonald’s kind of threw him for a loop.“I’m on a budget, baby boy,” Wade sighed long-sufferingly. Peter rolled his eyes behind his mask, though he didn’t bother telling Wade not to call him that. Not anymore. If it hadn’t worked in the past year, it wouldn’t work ever.“Like hell you are,” said Peter. He knew what Wade’s bank account looked like. Not literally, but it wasn’t that hard to guess. He killed people for a living (bad people, Spidey! the Wade in his head pointed out. Not just anyone!) and people paid good money for that. Hell, Wade wasted his money on all sorts of crap that he didn’t really need, and that was proof enough that he was well off.“I swear I am!” Wade protested, pulling out a burger for Peter anyway. Peter was grateful that this new budget seemed to include him, at least. He rolled up his mask, just to the bridge of his nose, like always, and took a huge bite of the burger. Wade was following suit.“Okay, so why the new budget?” Peter asked, just as a pickle slipped out the back of his burger and plummeted towards the ground a million stories below them. A small noise of pain escaped him. The pickles were the best part.Wade snorted, amused, before plucking his own dangerously dangling pickle off the back-end of his own burger and holding it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Getting Together
Identity Reveal
Neighbors
so why do i suck at tagging things
peter's a part time college student

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

