Chapter 1



Notes:
for those of you who want to read specific things or know when to avoid them:1+3 hulk/loki non-con2 thor/loki non-con4 tony enters the story, so skip directly to that one if the above squicks you




Chapter Text
His head felt like a mess. Like a dark deep swamp that he had to put forth all his effort to cross as it kept pulling him back in attempts to drown him. He could hear distant sounds around him, if he strained his ears it almost sounded like people talking, moving about. He continued to push through whatever they had done to his mind until he managed to slowly open an eye. The world was blurry around him and he blinked slowly as he willed his mind to comprehend his surroundings. There were dark shadows moving about in a brightly lit room. He blinked again in attempts to make his eye focus. He could see a man, SHIELD agent no doubt despite the white overall he wore, standing nearby, arms crossed as he observed the proceedings. Loki felt a distant nip in his skin – it took him a while to figure out from where before he recognised the tender area as his right arm – and looked down towards it where he saw another man in a white overall put away a syringe only to bring forth another and inject him with it. He frowned and looked up at their faces but all attempts at wanting to make threats died as he saw the gas masks they wore, as if there was something poisoneous in the air which made Loki forcefully start to sharpen his other senses in case of danger. He was a god and it would take a lot to kill him but it could happen and he had no doubts SHIELD wanted to test his limits. There was something sweet in the air and the more he awakened the more prominent it got until it started to sting his nose. There was something about the scent that, even in his hazy state, urged him to want to get closer to it, to possess it and claim it, but yet there was something wrong about it and while he was attracted to it, his instincts told him he needed to get away. He let out a weak mumble of a groan as he realised the scent was coming from him. His tongue was thick and dry in his mouth and he tried to turn his head to look for an escape but his body was slow and sluggish, a deadweight prison to his panicking mind. "Oh so you're awake already," he heard the SHIELD agent say and he looked back up on his masked face. "A lot sooner than we anticipated but just as well. We're almost ready to begin this anyway." 'Begin what?' he was dying to ask but his dried throat only let out a muffled groan as he couldn't even open his mouth. The man with the syringes moved to stand behind him and only now did Loki realise he was lain on his stomach on some sort of examination table. His arms were tied tightly behind his back, wrist to elbow so his fingers couldn't reach down to work himself free, and his legs were spread widely. The table was formed so his hips were raised and his legs went down into a kneeling position. The chill of the air on his skin told him he had been stripped naked. He felt a hand on his ass, moving a cheek aside and then a gloved finger started pushing into him with a generous amount of lubrication to ease him up. Loki let out a sharp indignant yell, how dared these mortals put their hands on him like this! He wanted to scream at them and wreak havoc, but his body remained where it was, accepting the intrusion, and his mouth still wouldn't form any words. One finger after another entered him, stretched him out, moistening him up. And when the fingers weren't enough, something else was inserted to expand and open him up even further. Loki gritted his teeth to keep silent, his wordless yelling would only make him feel more shame at the situation than what he was already experiencing. It seemed to have been going on for hours but his body still wouldn't react to his orders so he couldn't tell, but when he felt he had been stretched to his breaking point and then some for about three times, the man had deemed it enough and deflated the horrible contraption and removed it. Loki couldn't help the pained groan that escaped his lips. His body was covered in sweat and the sweet scent in the air had increased drastically. The room started to clear out, armed SHIELD agents and scientists alike finished up their tasks and left through a door to his left where he couldn't see as he was still facing right. He could hear the sharp sound of a chemical shower just outside the door, to aid the men get rid of the strange scent that hung so heavy in this room. The agent that had spoken to him earlier remained for a little while longer. He leaned down closer to Loki so he would hear every word. "You know, at first I thought this was too barbaric. I didn't even think it would be possible to pull off. With a male, no less. But we've been assured that... your kind... the monstruous beings that you are, can do it. And while I still have my doubts that these plans will work, it's going to be interesting to watch. You des
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Loki
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape
Mpreg
Forced Pregnancy
Breeding
Captivity
Poor Loki
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
FrostIron - Freeform
there is an actual plot in there i promise
Angst
(absolutely not a healthy relationship in any way shape or form)

fandom: 
Hulk/Loki
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark

