Work Text:
Thor was more than a little excited to come home. It'd been months since his last visit; living so many towns away and having a full-time job didn't really leave him with much free time for visits, anyway. Now, though, with the new job he got in the next town - only a couple of hours away - it was a great opportunity to visit. And that's what he did the moment he had settled in his new apartment. His parents welcomed him home with hugs and smiles - and complaints that they hadn't seen him in forever - and Loki ran in his arms the moment she saw him. Saying that he had missed his little sister would be an understatement. He has always had a weak spot for her, probably since the first day his parents had brought her home – all chubby cheeks and black messy curls – and told him that she’s now his little sister. Soon, he was sure that he would love her forever and he wasn’t wrong. It's been a day since his arrival - Friday night now, and he and Loki decided to spend it at home, watching a movie and catching up. When their mom said that they'd be going out tonight, Thor barely managed to hold back the wide grin that threatened to creep onto his face; a night alone with his sister after all these months away would be exactly what he needed.Or at least that's what he thought.It was indeed great for the first hour or so; they settled in the living room, sitting together on the big couch, ordered pizza and Thor even allowed her to have some beer. He'd never been good at denying his little sister anything.They talked and talked about what they'd been up to these past months and Thor found himself getting distracted more than a few times, his eyes focusing on the way his sister's tongue darted out to lick the grease of the pizza from her pink lips or how her tight t-shirt clang to her beautiful body and her tiny shorts left her creamy thighs dangerously exposed. Fuck, he had missed her so much.It was when they put the movie on that everything went to shit. For Thor, at least. They're halfway through the movie now and Loki has been busy texting during most of it. And that's not even Thor's main problem.His problem is how his little sister smiles every time her phone buzzes with a text and how she giggles when she reads it, her eyes brightening up as she types her reply. Thor thought he could ignore it at first but he's not stupid; he knows you don't look like that when you talk to a simple friend. And he just really doesn't like that he's not the one that makes her laugh. He feels like his stomach is twisting into knots and no matter how much he tries to convince himself that he reads too much into it he doesn't succeed. "Who's so much more interesting than your big brother and you completely ignore me?" He says and means to ask it playfully but his tone comes out sharper, his voice a bit growly.It startles Loki and she turns her head to look at him with a slight frown. "What- oh," she chuckles and glances at the phone in her hand for a moment before returning her gaze to him. "Sorry." she smiles sheepishly and Thor can see her cheeks turning red. He knows it's partly from the alcohol; she's not used to drinking, so a couple of beers are enough to make her face flush but the color is deeper, like she was caught doing something naughty and it makes the ugly feeling in Thor's stomach stronger."So? Who is it?" This time he's not even surprised when there's no playfulness in his voice; it's firm and leaves no room for doubt that his question needs to be answered."No one you need to worry about. Just Darcy," Loki replies easily and it sounds convincing but his sister has always been an excellent liar so it does nothing to soothe his worries. His displeasure must be showing on his face because Loki locks her phone and shuffles closer to him. "Come on, don't be mad, I'm sorry." Thor lets her settle right next to him, not able to fight his instinct to wrap an arm around her shoulders and pull her closer. "I really missed you, you know," she mumbles and nuzzles his cheek with her own before placing a kiss on it. Her words and the little kiss are innocent and sweet but that doesn't mean that the warmth of her body against his own and her soft lips on his cheek don't send his blood running south to his groin, making his cock stir in his sweats. He's not even the least bit surprised at the reaction of his body; it's not the first time and it won't be the last one either. Having her in his arms is also enough to ease his anger; not that he's mad at her, no. Never at his little sister. He just would love to find the guy she's been talking to and make sure that he'll never even look at his little sister again.  He instinctively tightens the arm around her, not wanting to ever let her go, possessiveness almost overwhelming him. Still, his voice is much softer than before when he speaks. "I missed you, too, little one. So much," he says and kisses the top of her head, breathing in the sweet scent of her hair, relishing the fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Female Loki (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Human
Drinking
Smut
Sibling Incest
Pseudo-Incest
Jealousy
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Virgin Loki (Marvel)
Loki is seventeen
Thor is in his mid 20s
Age Difference
Ah also some fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

