Work Text:
To say that Tony was anxious was an understatement.
"You have fought for us. Protected us. Risked your lives. But while a great many people see you as heroes, there are some... who would prefer the word vigilantes."
"What word would you use, Mr. Secretary?" Natasha.
"How about dangerous?" Ross replied, Tony's heart catapulting just a little out of his chest. "What would you call a group of US-based, enhanced individuals who routinely ignore sovereign borders and inflict their will wherever they choose and who, frankly, seem unconcerned about what they leave behind?"
Tony knew, for a fact, that there were people in this room who weren't going to approve of the Accords. It was a given. He knew one of those people was Steve, and even though he couldn't see the other man's face, he knew the exact thoughts that would be going through the super soldiers mind as soon as the Accords were proposed to him.
Tony kept to himself up the back, anxiety coursing through his veins as Ross brought up all the places that disaster had occurred. Tony had to look away when he saw the footage from New York, his hands shaking so much he had to cross his arms even tighter. He wished he could see his teammates expressions from where he was sitting, just so he could figure out what was going through their minds.
He watched Rhodey turn to look at Natasha and Steve, a look of mourning on his face. Next up, was Washington D.C. The day SHIELD went down.
"Sokovia."
Tony's heart felt like it had been stabbed through.
Another thing that was his fault.
"Lagos."
Tony had to look down yet again when he saw Wanda's reaction, only to bring it up again when Steve began to speak for the first time. 
"Okay. That's enough."
"For the past four years, you've operated with unlimited power and no supervision. That's an arrangement the governments of the world can no longer tolerate."
Silence.
"But I think we have a solution."
Tony's heart rate began to pick up yet again as he watched the Accords get handed over to Ross, and then placed on the table in front of Wanda.
"The Sokovia Accords. Approved by one hundred and seventeen countries. It states that the Avengers shall no longer be a private organisation. Instead, they'll operate under the supervision of a Untied Nations panel, only when and if that panel deems in necessary."
"The Avengers were formed to make the world a safer place. I feel we've done that." Steve.
Tony couldn't stand it.
"Tell me, Captain, do you know where Thor and Banner are right now?" Ross challenged, Tony watching the two as they interacted. "If I misplaced a couple of thirty megaton nukes, you can bet there'd be consequences."
Tony rocked back and forth on his chair, hand at his mouth, watching with intense anticipation as Ross continued to talk to his team. 
"Compromise, reassurance. That's how the world works. Believe me, this is the middle ground."
"So, there are-" Rhodey began, but was cut off by a thud.
Everyone's attention went to the clear glass door, including Tony's, his heart quite literally rocketing out of his chest when he saw who was at the door. Before he could even react, Peter was jumping up and grabbing the handle, the door effectively swinging open so fast that it would have broken, if it wasn't for FRIDAY. Why FRIDAY let Peter in the room was beyond Tony, but his son's crying immediately wiped any other thought away.
"Daddy!" Peter had screeched, his face red and tear-streaked, Maria Hill rushing in behind him with a panicked expression. Peter was way too fast for Maria to catch, Tony watching as his four-year-old child rounded the head of the table, cringing when he ran right into Ross's legs. The man stumbled, before glaring at Tony with such fire that even he felt anxious, Peter not seeming fazed as he rushed over to Tony, arms raised. It was then when Tony noticed what the problem was, sympathy forming in his chest as Peter slammed into his legs. "I- I had an accident!"
His team were all looking at him with their eyebrows raised, aside from Rhodey, who was smiling. Steve was staring at him as if to say, "Really? At a time like this?", at all Tony could do was glare back at him as he placed his hands under Peter's armpits and hoisted him into his lap. Yes, Tony was wearing a multi-million dollar suit, but right now he couldn't care any less. He was actually quite glad for the distraction, wiping the tears away from his son's face when he could.
"It's okay, baby." Tony said, watching Peter's index and middle finger disappear into the child's mouth. Usually, he would tell Peter off, but that was in any other situation. "Come on, we'll get you cleaned up, yes?"
Peter nodded, the arm that wasn't required for sucking on his fingers wrapping around Tony's neck. Tony stood up as soon as he had Peter in a secure hold, ignoring the looks he was getting from everyone.
"I'm really sorry, Tony. It happened so suddenly he took off before I could even say anything. I can change him, you need to stay here-"
"I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Parent-Child Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kid Peter Parker
Toddler Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Sokovia Accords
Civil War (Marvel)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Crack
Accidents
pull ups
Cute Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Accords Meeting
idk what this is
Cute
Fluff
Children
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Wetting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

