Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter stared up at the building for a long time, standing on the sidewalk in front of the main entrance. The doorman watched, impatiently, wondering what the scrawny kid was up to, in the first place. It was possible – and probable – that the boy was hoping to catch a glimpse of Ironman, taking off or coming in for a landing, but this time of day it was unlikely. Stark was in the building, but the doorman knew that he would be there for several more hours, at least, and later would be a better time for gawking.
As he watched, the boy took a visibly deep breath and walked toward the door. The doorman opened it, politely. He was a professional, after all.
“Can I help you, son?”
The boy flushed, slightly, unable to hide a surge of excitement for what he was about to say.
“I have an appointment with Mr. Stark.”
“You do?”
Peter grinned.
“Yeah.”
“Check in with the main desk,” the man told him, pointing at a huge marble monstrosity manned by three neatly dressed women. “They’ll issue you a badge and let Mr. Stark know you’re here.”
“Thanks.”
“Good luck.”
Peter walked across the lobby and to the desk he’d been directed to and waited respectfully for one of the women to notice him. The one on the right looked up and smiled, warmly.
“Can I help you?”
“Hi. Yeah.” He stepped up to stand in front of her. “I have an appointment with Mr. Stark.”
“Your name, please?”
“Peter. Peter Parker.”
She glanced down at a high tech monitor that was clearly touch sensitive, since he didn’t hear any clicking from any keyboard.
“There you are.” The woman hit a square on the screen, still looking down, and then she held up her hand and waved her pointer finger. “Look at my finger, please.”
When he did there was a very soft sound of a shutter – probably one that wouldn’t be heard at all, normally, but he heard it because he heard everything. A moment longer, and she reached down under the counter, fiddled with something for a moment and then straightened up and handed him a security badge that had his picture on it, as well as his name, and several barcodes that meant nothing to him.
“I’ve let Mr. Stark know you’re here, Mr. Parker. You can use the elevator there.”
She pointed toward one to their right. A small one compared to the other bank of them, where several people were clearly waiting.
“Thank you,” he said, with another excited smile.
“My pleasure. Put your badge on, please, while you’re in the building.”
Peter nodded and pinned the badge to his shirt while walking over to the elevator. He hit the only button there was to summon it and realized that the woman hadn’t told him what floor to press. He started to turn, to go back and ask her, but the bell dinged, and the door opened. He decided to just get on and start at the top and work his way down.
It turned out to not be an issue. When he went into the elevator, he saw that there was only one button to push and he did so. The moment he did, a blue light came from a control panel on the wall, scanning him, but focusing on the badge for a moment. Then the car moved, heading up – although Peter had no idea what floor he was heading toward, or where it would stop.
After a long moment – he calculated the estimated speed of the elevator by the amount of floors and the time it would take to make each and decided that it was probably not right at the top – the car stopped with another ding, and the door opened.
He peeked out, but it wasn't a hallway that the door opened into. It was what looked like a living room, or maybe a lounge, considering the full sized bar that ran the length of the far wall. Standing behind it, impatiently looking at a coffee pot was Tony Stark, and Peter felt another rush of excitement – and a lot of nervousness.
“Come on out, Peter,” Stark said to him, gesturing for him to come over to the bar. “I’m just making a cup of coffee.”
Peter walked over, looking around with a certain amount of awe. The place was immaculate and immense and just reeked of expensive and good taste.
“Huh… hello.”
Stark smiled.
“Hey. Something to drink?”
“What? Oh.” For a moment, Peter thought he was being offered alcohol, and then blushed at his own stupidity. “Yeah. A Coke, if you have one, or any kind of cola. Thanks.”
Stark turned and leaned over to open a miniature fridge, and Peter saw that he was wearing a very expensive looking suit, and tennis shoes instead of dress shoes. He came up with a bottle in his hand, used an opener to pop it, and handed it across the bar to him.
“So.” His expression was tight, his glaze intent as he studied Peter, who flushed at the sudden force of will he felt coming off the man. “Peter Parker. Winner of my own little contest. Spend the day with Tony Stark.”
Peter smiled.
“You forgot the part where I try to convince you to let me fill the intern spot.”
Stark looked surprised by the cheekiness, and gave him a tight smile, before pouring his cup of coffee and then walking around the bar, his intense gaze looking Peter up and down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Starker
Consensual Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Underage Sex
Light Dom/sub
tony ADORES peter
Tony is Ironman
Peter is Spiderman
slowburn
Dark Tony Stark
Light Bondage
Infidelity
Complete
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

