Chapter 1: Cold
    




Chapter Text

It was cold. 

He couldn't move, when Steve had broken the arc reactor, it had shut down the suit. After the two super soldiers left, he had managed to crawl further in. It provided him some shelter but no warmth. He might not have needed the reactor to keep out the shrapnel anymore, but the suit still required a power source. 

It was so cold.

“FRIDAY? You there?”

There was no reply. “Shit.” Tony could only hope FRIDAY was alerting someone. 

It was really cold.
 
 
“Miss Potts.”

“Yes FRIDAY?”

“I have lost contact with Boss. His suit has gone off line. Sending through his last location now.” 

“Oh God, Tony is in Siberia? What is he doing in Siberia?”
 
 By the time Vision got to Tony, he was in hypothermic shock. Steve smashing his shield into the suit had caused enough damage to the suit that Tony was left with 3 broken ribs and extensive bruising across his torso. And to top it all off, the panic attacks and nightmares were back in full force. Although they’d never gone away since New York, he’d gotten better at managing them. But when Vision came to take him home from the hospital and he got back to the facility to find Cap’s shield leaning against the kitchen counter, he couldn’t breathe and the cold was back. It took almost half an hour for Vision to calm him down again, and only after he’d removed the shield from the room.
Tony disappeared into his workshop for the next 2 days. Nothing Pepper or Rhodey did would get FRIDAY to let them in. Nat only tried after Pepper yelled at her and even she couldn’t find a way around FRIDAY. 

When he finally emerged from his workshop, Rhodey found him in the kitchen making a cup of coffee. “Hey Tones, FRIDAY said you’d finished?” He wasn’t sure what was going on and he didn’t want to accidentally do something that might scare Tony off. 

“Yeah, they still need some tweaking but I’ll need experimental feedback for that.” Tony turned around carefully, nursing his steaming cup. He looked like he hadn’t slept at all the past two days and Rhodey was willing to bet that he probably hadn’t. “You’ll walk again I promise Rhodey.” He gestured to the metal braces leaning against the bench with his free hand. 

“Tones, you didn’t have to,” Rhodey began.

“Nuh-uh Honey bear, no complaining. Now I’m going to take a shower and you’re gonna put those on and when I come back I want test data.”

“Oh so I’m just your guinea pig then?” Rhodey grinned, maybe Tony was going to be okay after all.

He spoke too soon, half an hour later, Tony was still in the shower. The only explanation he got from FRIDAY was “Boss is trying to warm up”.

Rhodey busied himself in the gym, testing out the braces until he was interrupted by a panicked FRIDAY. “Colonel Rhodes, Boss has overridden the temperature limits in the bath, if I continue heating the water he will sustain burns.” 

“Ah shit.”

“Tony, I swear to God if you don’t open this door, I will break it down.” Rhodey banged his hand against Tony’s bathroom door. “I’m not kidding, your workshop door may be bullet proof but this one isn’t.” He raised his arm to hit the door again but swung into empty air as Tony opened the door, a towel wrapped around his waist and a second slung around his shoulders

“I’m just so cold Rhodey...” Tony’s face was pinched and his eyes tired.

“I know Tones, come on, get dressed. I’ve got some data for you.” Rhodey’s face softened at the lost look on Tony’s face. He didn’t want to push the issue right now, but needed to find a psychologist for Tony. Someone discreet.
 
  Tony threw himself back into the workshop, Rhodey moved into the facility, he told Tony it was because of his legs, but really he was there to make sure Tony ate and slept. He was sure if they left Tony alone, he’d work himself to death. It was worse than after New York.
“Tony, take a break, you’ve gotta eat something. And how long has it been since you’ve slept.” Rhodey yelled over the music pumping through the workshop.

“It has been 54 hours and 16 minutes since Boss slept.” FRIDAY turned down the music to a more acceptable volume

Tony didn’t even turn away from his work as he replied. “Traitor. And I’m fine Rhodey, I’ll sleep once I’m finished here.” 

“Tony it’s one am. Get some sleep, you can come back to this.”
 
 
 “He’s my friend.” Steve stated that like it explained everything. 

 “So was I.” Tony felt his heart shattering.  

 “That shield doesn’t belong to you,” Tony yelled at Steve’s retreating back. No, stay! Don't leave me. Please. “You don't deserve it.” Turn around. “My father made that shield.” Please. 

 Cold. 

Tony sat up with a gasp. He was shivering uncontrollably. “FRIDAY turn the heating up.” He thinks she might have replied but he couldn’t hear her over the roaring in his ears. 

“Colonel, Boss had a nightmare.” Rhodey had asked FRIDAY to wake him up after Tony almost burnt himself again trying to get warm. Struggling a little, he made it out of his bed, into the wheelchair. He wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Hurt Tony
Tony-centric
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
winteriron
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
not team Cap friendly
Starts off Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Recovery
Anxiety Attacks
Suicide Attempt
Team Cap Critical
Civil War Team Iron Man
Fix-It of Sorts
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Bucky Barnes
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Not Beta Read
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes Recovering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

