Work Text:
Peter didn't have the best of luck when it came to field trips. In his freshman they went to Oscorp, where he got bit by a radioactive spider. Sophomore year he went to Washington DC and nearly blew up the Washington Monument. When he heard the location for this year, he thought he was finally safe.His engineering teacher, Dr. V, announced the trip one day rather simply. “Kiddies, we're going to an Air Force base next Friday!” She reminded him of Mr. Stark, surprisingly casual with how she addressed them, but wicked smart at the same time.Honestly, Peter couldn't tell you the name of the base they were going to, because he stopped listening after that, content to doodle all over the permission slip she had given out.“Surprise, we're a STEM school, so I'm sure some of you will be going into aerospace engineering when you go to college, so this is a perfect way to get a good look at what your career could entail.”He wasn't going into aerospace engineering, despite Rhodey's several attempts at convincing him to. Mr. Stark was very smug about that before Peter told him that he wasn't going to do electrical engineering either.They were still fighting over who his favourite was.His permission slip was signed, returned, and then totally forgotten about until the day before.Peter was on a video call with Ned when his friend reminded him. “Are you excited for the field trip tomorrow?”Peter made a face, “Oh, I totally forgot about that. It's to an Air Force base, right?”Ned rolled his eyes at Peter, “Yes Peter, it's to an Air Force base. For someone so smart, you're really dumb.”Peter made an indignant noise, but knew that Ned was right. May had been telling him the same thing for years. Teasingly, or course. Even Mr. Stark said it once, after Peter thought he lost the pliers that we're in his hand.“I need to text Happy that I'm getting picked up at a different time than usual.”Peter could have slept on the bus if the bus driver were better at driving. Every time they stopped, Peter was jolted awake. Flash didn't bother him though, Dr. V was strict about bullying and Peter just happened to be one of her favourite students.“Rule time, kids! Don't run off or I'll enforce the class chain rule, and I don't want to hold any of your sweaty hands, so please just stick together.“Please be mature, leave a good impression. We don't want the military to have a vendetta against us, so be good.“Finally, use the buddy system! Make sure you have someone with you all all times, groups of two or three together.”Peter, Ned, and MJ were already standing together, so they just shrugged and didn't move.Suddenly, two airmen walked out of the building. They looked more nervous than any of the students did. Peter felt kinda bad for them, having to miss work to look over a group of teenagers when they weren't much older themselves.“Welcome! I'm Airman First Class Frey, you can call me Frey, and this is Airman Walker. We'll be your tour guides today.”Walker was smiling tightly, so uncomfortable with the situation. He looked at Peter suddenly and gave him a weird look, but didn't say anything.Frey was talking about security stuff, so Peter listened again. “You'll all have visitor badges, which you can keep after the tour is over. You can't go anywhere we're not, so stick with the group please. If you're good, we'll take a look at the planes!”They were going to see the planes anyways, it was basically the whole reason for the trip, but she was doing her best.“We'll start with the boring stuff first, then we'll break for lunch, and then head over to the more interesting parts, sound good?”There was a general sound of agreement, so Frey started leading then away. She lead the front, Dr. V stuck to the middle area, and Walker stayed in the back. Coincidentally, that's also where Peter, Ned, and MJ were.Walker slid next to Peter casually as they walked down a long hallway. “Hey kid,” Peter looked over to the man, “I know this is going to sound weird, but do I know you?”Peter tilted his head, confused. “No, I don't think so.”Walker rubbed his 5 o'clock shadow and hummed, “That's weird, I'm sure I recognize you from somewhere.”Peter shrugged, not knowing what to say. Walker took a couple steps back, shrugging as well and turning away.Ned looked at Peter and whispered, “That was weird, how could he know you?”MJ interrupted the two of them, “It's not that weird, Peter is the most generic white guy I know. His only distinct feature is the frog that lives in his mouth.”Ned and MJ laughed at the offended look on Peter's face.When Peter looked around, he noticed that Frey had lead them to the work stations, likely the more interesting looking ones.“This is where we spend the majority of our work days!”Again, not feeling too bad, Peter tuned her out again. He looked around the room and something on the opposite wall caught his eye. There was a board filled with advanced equations, and a stressed out looking man in front of them. There must be some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Carol Danvers & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
but with a twist
Peter Parker is a BAMF
a genius boy
Air Force
Flash is an Asshole
but a redeemable asshole
hints of - Freeform
Irondad
spiderson
irondad but it's rhodey
have i written three field trip fics?
perhaps

fandom: 
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Carol Danvers & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

