Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Did trains move this fast back home?  You looked out the window at the European countryside.  It was hard to take any of it in since the speed made everything a blur.               You yawned and debated going back to your sleeping car, but your stomach gurgled and reminded you that you needed food. Besides, you’d been asleep for the last ten hours.  So far, this trip taught you that jet lag was a real thing.                 From the moment you got off the plane in Paris, you were exhausted.  It took an hour to travel to the station, and three more until you boarded the train. You passed out as soon as you got to the teeny tiny private room your uncle had reserved for you.                 The time change was messing with you almost as much as the travel itself, maybe more so.  To you, it felt like 10 am, but here the sun was setting and dusk was settling in.  You pulled out your phone and checked the time.  20:26. You did the math and realized it was already after 8 pm.                 There was a text message from your uncle on the lockscreen.                 Glad to hear you’re on the train.  My driver will pick you up in Istanbul in three days.  Safe travels.               Visiting him was a good idea.  You needed family right now, and he was all you had left. The reminder made your heart hurt and you shut your eyes not wanting to relive the last month.                 You wished he would have flown you directly into Turkey, but he told you that this was less expensive and would give you an opportunity to clear your head and enjoy traveling.                 Another train breezed by and you jumped as the view of the countryside vanished.                 “You mind if I sit here?”  A girl about your age slid into the booth across from you. “Sorry if I’m bothering you, but the dining car is starting to fill up.”                 “You’re American?” You had heard a lot of languages being spoken, but this was the first English, it made you perk up.                 “Born and raised in Colorado.  How about you?”  She gave a warm smile as she pushed her glasses up her nose.                 You said your home town and glanced her up and down. She was pretty, with brown hair in a messy French braid, oversized glasses hiding doe-brown eyes, and no make-up to accentuate her natural beauty.  Beauty, it was almost like she was a model trying to dress down in her pale blue hoodie.               “Never been.”  She held her hand out. “I’m Alice. What’s your name?”               “Y/N.”  You reached out to shake. “I thought I wouldn’t find a soul to talk to until I got to my uncles.”                 “Visiting a relative?  I’m studying abroad in Istanbul.  I wish I could have flown into Turkey, but the airfare was outrageous!” She rolled her eyes with over-accentuated movements.                 “I’m going to Istanbul too.” You did an internal high-five that now you had a friend for the trip.                 “Sweet, I have a buddy!” She reached out and squeezed your hand. “I’m starving.  Did you order yet?  What’s good?”               “No, the server hasn’t come around.”  You grabbed a menu from the back of the table. “I’m not even sure what most of this is.  The English translation is off, one of the items is ‘pig in his own sauce’. “               “Gross.” Alice scrunched up her nose and laughed. “This is your first time abroad huh?”               “Believe it or not, this is my first time traveling in general.” You glanced around the train. “I was something of a homebody.”                 “Well relax, enjoy your travel experience.” She nodded over her shoulder. “But if you want to eat on trains you have to go to the window and order.  Why don’t you wait here and I’ll bring us back something yummy?  I promise, no pig sauce.”               “That would be great.” You reached into your purse and pulled out your wallet. “I have a few Euros.”                 “Don’t worry.  This one is on me.” Alice slid up from the booth. “I’ll be back in a flash.”               When she walked down the aisle you leaned back in the booth, a wave of relief washing over you.  If you hadn’t run into her, you probably would have sat in the dining car all night with no food.                 You turned your attention back to your phone and replied to your uncle.                 I’ll try. See you soon.                 If it weren’t for him, you would have been completely alone in the world.  You were lucky he found you.  When he showed up at your parent’s funeral, surprise was an understatement.  The last time you saw him was when you were five or six. Then when he offered to move you to Turkey it blew your mind.                 You weren’t ready to move away, but an extended vacation sounded nice while you figured things out.  The two of you agreed on a three-month trip. After that, it didn’t take much convincing to put your things in storage and get out of dodge.               “Alright, the food will be up shortly.”  Alice sli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Alcohol
Drugging
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Human Trafficking
tortured bucky
Slow Burn
Loss of Virginity
Smut
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Spanking
praise!kink
bad girl
dom/sub elements
Violence
Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

