Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Life with gods and superheroes- not to mention a lineup of the world’s most badass women to walk the earth- Darcy mused, could be hell on a girl’s self esteem. Stark Tower’s inhabitants could make brushing their teeth look heroic, and Darcy managed to break something important to Science! on a regular basis.Not that a battered self-esteem had ever stopped her before; she was a Lewis, after all. So Darcy, ever the strategist, created herself an armor to hide behind: baggy shirts to slip past unwanted attentions, glasses and a curtain of hair to hide the clever, knowing gaze, red-painted lips that softened even the sharpest smile. She slipped past the notice of most.Except now, she thought with a worried crease of her brow, under the scrutiny of those same heroes and gods, that armor had evidently slipped. It was safer to remain unnoticed, just another grunt in the workforce that was Stark Industries, but somehow one of them had seen through the pretense.Her mother would be disappointed.Darcy relaxed her shoulders from their militant tightness, a habit she’d spent years trying to break after her time in Camp Jupiter. She much preferred the ease of her usual home, Camp Half-Blood, but she’d been selected as one of the transfer kids at fifteen and had spent the next four years in that nightmare of a camp. Though her issues with authority certainly became legend within both demigod camps.There were no demigods in the Tower, she reminded herself. Other than the snarling woman at her side, Darcy remained the only demigod in the zip code, thankfully. She’d spent far too much time rubbing elbows with children of the great prophecies, and Darcy preferred to avoid the attentions of their ever-fickle godly parents.Besides, here she had one of those badass women in her corner, one who would go toe-to-toe with the most super of the superheroes without a second of hesitation.“You can’t have her,” Jane said furiously. “She’s mine.”“Didn’t you ever learn to share?” Tony demanded. He waved a wrench threateningly in Jane’s direction. “She’s a damn quantum prodigy, Foster, I saw the notebook!”“Because you were snooping, you nosy bastard!”“C’mon, we can share custody of your precious little minion,” Tony suggested, changing tack when Jane reached for the closest blunt object.“Okay,” Darcy said calmly, finally stepping in to snatch the weapon from her friend’s hand. “Jane, remember what we talked about.”“No beating up helpless morons,” Jane sneered. Tony looked affronted.“No.” Darcy had to bite back a laugh. “It was ‘no killing the guy responsible for our paychecks.’”“Pepper signs our paychecks,” Jane said with a mutinous glower. “You made sure of it.”Tony harrumphed. “I’m offended, Lewis, I really am.”“Uh huh. Look, I work for Jane and only Jane, Stark. The stuff you saw-” the math that had made the billionaire genius finally look past the airheaded act she made sure to use in his presence and see exactly what she’d been hiding- “it was something Jane was working on the other night. I was just translating it from gibberish on diner napkins to something legible.”Tony’s dark eyes narrowed on her thoughtfully. Damn, she thought with a sigh. He wasn’t buying it. The last thing she needed was Tony Stark taking an interest in her. “Seriously, Stark, you think a poli sci major is capable of that kind of thinking? And here you said we were all just overly-philosophical government drones in training.”“And you told me that I was an obnoxious, short-sighted tin can with nothing but a big gun and an over-inflated sense of self-importance.” Tony crossed his arms pointedly, but the corner of his mouth twitched. “That was mean, Lewis.”“Thank you,” Darcy said with a bright smile, flipping her hair over her shoulder. “Maybe in the future you’ll remember to stop barging into Jane’s lab in the middle of her experiments.” She hooked an arm around Jane’s and hauled her friend to the door of Tony’s lab. “Now, we have work to do. Unless you’d like to accuse me of some other absurdity?”“Quantum physics isn’t an absurdity,” Jane protested.Tony sighed loudly. “Fine, whatever. I’ll stop trying to steal you for more interesting work, I promise.” Jane growled at him even as Darcy pulled her out of the room.“Janie, I appreciate the defense and all, but you need to quit threatening Tony for me.”Jane grumbled at her. “I don’t like that you let him think you’re stupid.”“I’m trying to fly under the radar, here,” Darcy hissed. “And when you go all charging into his lab, acting like I’m some brilliant, precious treasure, he gets even more curious.” They took the elevator back to the floor dedicated to the labs of Stark Industries. Darcy waved to a couple of the passing scientists.“Thor said that the Avengers are sensitive to powers and magic,” Jane informed her.Darcy scowled. “I don’t  have  any powers. I’m not a child of the Three-” the Big Three, that is, comprise
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis-centric
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Demigod Darcy Lewis
Demigod Jane Foster
BAMF Jane Foster
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Pansexual Darcy Lewis
nobody's straight
because I say so
Camp Half-Blood (Percy Jackson)
Camp Jupiter (Percy Jackson)
Canon-Typical Violence
Not Canon Compliant
Slow Burn
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

