Work Text:
It was meant to be an innocent meeting. The Rogues (other than Clint; he was going to arrive a little later because of how far away his house was) were going to join him and Peter in the common room for a little chat to become more familiar with each other, because while they were officially a team again, the tension between the two sides would not be good in a high-stakes mission. Peter wasn’t even supposed to be there, but he had come in for more web-fluid and Tony decided it would be a good time as any to introduce the kid as his intern to the rest of the team.Currently, they were bickering about the snacks while waiting for the rest to arrive.“No! Peter, you’ve had too much sugar today already. I’m not going to be the one who has to deal with a baby on a sugar high.” Tony reprimanded him, holding the bag of Skittles above his head. While Tony wasn’t very tall himself—a whopping 5’8”—Peter was shorter.“I’ll only have half of the bag then! Pleaaaase,” Peter whined, tip toeing and trying to grab the bag. “I promise I’ll only have half, and you can even have the other half.”“No.” Tony was nothing if not stubborn. “You’re going to ruin your teeth.”“I’ll brush my teeth right after.”“No, you won’t.”“Yes, I will.”“Then you won’t be able to have orange juice afterwards because you hate the taste of it after brushing your teeth. Do you want to not have orange juice?” Tony pointed out.Peter hesitates, falling back onto the soles of his feet. “But…”Tony shakes his head, amused. “No ‘but’s, Peter. No more candy. Listen to your father.”“But daaaaad—” Peter teased, a small grin on his face. This habit had sparked a few months after the Homecoming fiasco, in an argument when Peter had accused Tony of being a helicopter parent so Tony just ran with it, saying  ‘then listen to your father when he’s just trying to keep his son safe’  and Peter retaliated with  ‘but dad you never listen to your son when he’s just trying to protect you!’  By the end of the night they were crying and laughing and fell asleep on the sofa. That seemed to happen quite a lot.Because the duo were too distracted with the Skittles, they didn’t notice the the Rogues had already walked in and were gawking at them.  Dad??? Listen to your father?? DAD??? Peter was the one to notice them first, spotting them from the corner of his eye and squawking in surprise, jumping behind Tony and clutching onto his sleeve. The reaction causes Tony to whirl around as well, one arm out behind him as if to protect Peter. Once Tony realizes who it is he relaxes slightly, huffing. “You guys could have said something to announce your presence instead of giving me a heart attack. Like a ‘hello’? Or a ‘hi’? I hear that one’s popular nowadays.”Natasha smiles, “I prefer ‘hey’, if I had to choose.”Tony rolls his eyes as Peter watches the interaction with eyes as wide as saucers. “Oh my god it’s the Black Widow. Oh my god.” He mutters slowly, practically vibrating in place as he scans the rest of the group. “Oh my god it’s Captain America and the Falcon and Scarlet Witch,  oh my god. ”The group looks curiously at the unfamiliar member who had called the billionaire, who was well-known for his closed personality, ‘dad’. The attention causes the boy to stick closer to said billionaire. Steve speaks up first before an awkward silence had time to form. “Hello there. I’m Steve.”Peter gapes and Tony has to nudge him in the side to get him to speak up, “H-hi, I’m, uh, I’m Peter. Nice to meet you, sir.”  So polite,  Steve thinks.  Can’t believe he’s Tony Stark’s son. “It is nice to meet you too, Peter.” “Ditto. I’m Sam by the way.” “Natasha.” “Wanda.”If possible, Peter seemed even more awestruck now. “Wow. I just met the Avengers.”Tony laughs at him in response. “Am I a joke to you?” Only Peter heard the undertone of jealousy beneath his voice, so he replied, “You’re still my favorite superhero, Dad.”They didn’t even notice the slip-up this time, but the Rogues sure did. They shared looks with one another like  ‘y’all also heard that? I ain’t going insane?’  before Steve took over the conversation again. “So, Tony, you called is here to talk about future missions?”The man sobers up a bit, draping an arm around Peter’s shoulders. “Well, that was sort of the plan before my kid decided to come crash the party. I’m not sure if you guys would wanna keep talking about it if you don’t want to.” That was Tony, always putting others before himself. In the time that Steve has been away, he’s realized he judged Tony too harshly (Natasha also yelled at him when she found out what happened). He had already apologized for what happened in Siberia, but Steve knew he had a whole lot more to apologize for.The Rogues share a look, coming to an agreement. Steve turns back. “We wouldn’t mind it if your son were to join us, but if you feel like it’s too much we wouldn’t mind talking about something else first.”The two look shocked at first, and Peter opened his mouth, “Uh, actually—”Quickly, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Team Cap friendly
no beta we die like men
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Cuddling & Snuggling
did you actually think i would write a fic without cuddles
Fix-It of Sorts
team comes together and just hangs out
rogues all believe peter is tony's son
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

