Work Text:
Bucky’s warming up in a sheltered sunspot near the Dominique Ansel Bakery’s cronut line, a gigantic coffee between his hands and face tipped up to the sun, when his phone buzzes in his pocket. Between juggling his coffee and getting his glove off, it takes some maneuvering to extract it, but when he checks, it turns out to be another of those “You have Super Likes waiting for you!” notifications that Tinder sends. As if anybody actually gives out Super Likes on purpose instead of just accidentally swiping in the wrong direction.Bucky opens the app anyway out of idle curiosity: the cronut line makes him claustrophobic so Clint is queueing for both of them, and until the box of greasy gold is theirs, Bucky has nothing better to do. Besides, he wants to see which poor bastard moved their finger a fraction too high when trying to swipe left on him. To find the Super Like he has to swipe through the usual stack of smart-looking women with great photos, fashionable hipster gays, and slimy guys who are either trying too hard or too little - and the Super Like turns out to be someone who isn't trying at all. Bucky swipes left on him, and that's when he stumbles upon  it. It’s the quality that gets him first. The profile photo looks like it's been taken with a semi-professional camera: it's sharp and remarkably unposed compared to most people on Tinder. The guy in the photo is the size of a fucking fridge but with Marilyn Monroe’s waistline, accentuated by the way he’s standing half-twisted towards the camera.He’s also in the process of getting arrested.There's two put-upon looking officers putting handcuffs on him, a sweatshirt that says  PUNCH MORE NAZIS,  and the Washington Square Park arch looming in the corner of the photo. Bucky recognizes the protest: he’d been out of town himself, but Natasha had gone and sent photos. Maybe she knows the guy; she's exactly the type of person to befriend people who put civil activism arrest photos in their dating profile. Steve, 28,  it says under the photo.  New York City. Some say I have an arresting personality. This photo is from my good side. The other has a shiner. Bucky laughs aloud, taps through to the guy’s photos, and okay.  Okay.  Mysterious brawler Steve is a fucking looker, and his photos are  great:  he hangs out with puppies, hikes in Bear Mountain and takes mirror selfies in the gym, beaming in every single one like he won a free iPhone.Bucky goes through the whole spectrum of human emotions in about ten seconds as he swipes through the photos, and in the end settles for intrigue and lowkey arousal, getting a little hot under the collar despite the chilly weather from Arresting Steve’s gym photos. He has really,  really  nice shoulders. Bucky’s legs would look  so good  around them.On a split second decision, he swipes right. His phone vibrates loudly, making him jump and drop it, and when he has performed a brief modern dance called Scrabble For Ya Android and can check the screen, he finds out that he has a new Tinder match.Arresting Steve has liked him back. Damn.He’s hovering his thumbs over the opened chat, trying to decide which level of Big Nope quoting Jailhouse Rock is, when Clint suddenly turns up with the pastry box, announcing himself by yelling “Cronuts!” next to Bucky’s ear.Bucky nearly drops both his phone and his coffee because he startles so badly. “Jesus, don't do that, a guy can get a heart attack for less.” He closes the chat without sending even a simple ‘hi’, suddenly self-conscious about his own profile which is full of lame space puns and photos of him dozing with Nat’s cat in a sunspot. Maybe Arresting Steve got a muscle spasm and liked him by accident.“Are you on Tinder?” Clint squints at Bucky’s phone, too curious for his own good. “I thought you deleted it after that Pancake Guy fiasco.”Bucky shudders. “I did.” Clint gives him A Look. “But I downloaded it again last weekend because I got drunk alone at home on boxed wine and knew I was gonna die alone.”“Wow,” Clint says, genuinely impressed. “You have more faith in humanity than me. Has your taste in men improved since the last time?”Bucky gives that to Clint; the Pancake Guy had been  bad.  He’d seemed perfectly normal until he’d leaned over the table at Wendy’s - a truly classy pick for the first date, but he had  really  nice eyes - and said, “You have a perfect stomach to eat pancakes off of. Do you like butter?”Bucky thinks about Arresting Steve and  This photo is from my good side. The other has a shiner . “Probably not,” he admits. “Let's go, I'm freezing.”***When he checks his phone an hour later, sprawled out on Clint’s couch and drowsy from the cronut coma, he’s surprised to find four Tinder messages waiting for him. There’s one generic  hey  , one clearly inspired poem that reads ‘  u like pussycats, i like ur catty pussy, oh buck, wanna fuck’ , and finally, at the bottom - two messages from Arresting Steve. Hi!  says the first. Short and succinct. Classic. It w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Online Dating
Humor
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Sexting
Masturbation
Size Kink
Height Differences
Bad Puns
Extremely Vanilla Humiliation Kink
Dick Pics
Getting Together
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes
This ship is now officially called Twink Tank
Twink Tank
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

