Work Text:

Page 27Behavioral Therapy – Apparatus Specifics





Asset Program WS1A  - BTSAAT01

[REDACTED, Attending Surgeon]

As attending surgeon, and primary engineer of the Behavioral Therapy SAAT apparatus, it has fallen to me to report on my design and reasoning. 
The apparatus blueprints are included within this report (see p.25).

This is not, nor has it ever been, a simple endeavor – stimulation of the Asset varies. Establishing baselines and testing limits is an important part of the therapy, and while others might think it simple to design apparatus that is functional for its purpose and still leaves the Asset accessible should the parameters of the testing change, it is not. 

The apparatus is a material of our own design - transparent, and a derivative of metal, whose origin is classified. The origin of this material is of no consequence to me - it serves its purpose.

Functionality is the most important part of the apparatus' design, and there are numerous points that make it a fine piece of engineering – integrated restraints, and hinged supports included. This enables the Asset to be restrained enough that he does not harm itself or the technicians, but allows for the angle of the apparatus to be changed, for improved access or closer examination.

All in all, the apparatus mostly consists of a slab, much like a morgue table, and stirrups, but both have been tailored specifically to meet the needs of the technicians and [REDACTED], and the Asset's measurements. 

The table is half the Asset's body length, the lower half of the slab having been removed so that anterior and posterior access are both not only possible but also effortless.

For the lower half of the apparatus, an a-frame has been constructed (for exactly the same reason) to accommodate the Asset's legs, with a footrest attached at the base for the Asset to stand on. This enables free movement of the apparatus and Asset, as none of the Asset's weight rests on the floor.

Restraints are situated at the level of forehead, shoulder, elbow and stomach, with separate restraints for the wrists, and then, where the apparatus splits to provide the a frame, each leg is secured at thigh, above and below each knee, and again at ankle-level.

These restraints, and measurements, enable the apparatus to take the full weight of the Asset, whatever angle the apparatus is fixed at, while simultaneously ensuring that the Asset has little to no ability to move, therefore minimizing the chance of a security breach or interruption to procedure.

The apparatus can be modified to raise the Asset's arms above its head, should such a position be required, and is hinged at several points, though these points remain locked until necessary, to enable a more careful and precise manipulation of the Asset's limbs and body, and to enable greater and more efficient access. 

As the Asset has proven more resistant to stimulation as procedures progress, additional stimulation is often required. Mechanical and electrostimulative methods are often employed (for oscillation frequency and power consumption, please refer to p.34) in conjunction with the cup and vacuum device. Electroshock penalties are administered via SHIELD issue stun baton for a maximum of three seconds.

For apparatus blueprints, see p.25
For SHIELD issue stun baton specs, see p.05
For a further examination of the cup and vacuum device, see p.31
For a further report of the mechanical and electrostimulative methods, see p.34
For procedural results tables, see p.406

Signed,




[REDACTED]

Attending Surgeon

Page 374Behavioral Therapy - Program Integration 07


Asset Program WS1A  - SAAT 07:12:16

[Sgt. REDACTED, the REDACTED Program]

Asset shows  considerable strength and stamina, manifesting in increased arousal and decreased refractory period. These attributes almost certainly due to the administering of [REDACTED] to Asset after his capture in [REDACTED], in [REDACTED]. Potential sexual distraction in the field is therefore non-solvable by physical/chemical castration and/or severing of pudendal nerve due to  rapid, and apparently miraculous, healing of Asset, even without medical assistance. Aversion therapy therefore suggested and subsequently implemented to provide a more permanent solution.
----------------
Function 12 – Sexual Arousal Aversion Therapy
Prolonged discharge of accumulated sexual tension following sexual response cycles:-


Prolonged stimulationElectrostimulationElectroshock Penalties

Attending surgeon;

[REDACTED]


Attending technicians; 

[REDACTED]


[REDACTED]


[REDACTED]


Supervising Agent;

[REDACTED]


Anesthetist not required.


*****
It begins the same way every time, and, as head surgeon, [REDACTED] still raises an eyebrow when the Asset is led in by two technicians. The ten or twelve guards around the sides of the room look mildly uncomfortable. [REDACTED] doesn't know if it's being in the presence of the Asset or their moral stances on the procedure to follow b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Medical Kink
Medical Experimentation
Fucking Machines
Restraints
Conditioning
spoilers for captain america the winter soldier
Vibrators
Erotic Electrostimulation
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
None
