Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The room was silent save for the steady wail of the heart monitor. The figure on the operating table lay still and sightless. He looked young, only a footstep into his twenties, but he had been alive far longer than any of the surgeons or scientists pulling their bloody gloves off with groans of frustration. Three tireless hours of struggle, and in the end it had all been worthless.“Told them there was only so many times they could thaw raw meat,” one of the scientists, Kevin, said with a disapproving click of this tongue. He held his clipboard close to his chest, heedless of the drying ink.  The surgery had been instructive, if nothing else.He’d spoken too loud. Alexander, director of the program and the main reason Kevin had a job, shot him a withering look. He strode across the room, the soles of his fancy leather shoes clicking on the smooth cement floor. He didn’t so much as slip on the slick surface, even with the blood.“This is an opportunity for you to shine,” Alexander said. Nothing about his tone made it sound like an opportunity. Insted it sound like Kevin was hanging on a knife’s edge of replacing the body on that table.“You’re the one that insisted we should try to regenerate the asset’s cellular structure. Well, now's your chance.” Alexander leaned in close, eyes narrowed. “I want you to clone him. Everything. All of it, right now to the enhancements.”Kevin floundered. He gaped, mouth too dry to find words. Even through his fear, the misunderstanding and mischaricterization of his research had him speaking through the cotton in hos mouth. “It’s not cloning, not really. An—and,” he croaked. “All my research is experimental. It hasn't been tested on more that lab rats yet.”Alexander looked back at the still body on the table. The asset’s metal arm had been removed, had to be after the amount of damage it sustained. “But you think you can do it. You can reverse the aging process, bring him back to a fetal stage.” Again, Alexander did not sound like he was asking a question. He was not allowing for the possibility of failure. There on that table was proof enough of the treatment failure was met with.Now was not the time to be afraid. Now was the time to be bold, assert himself. Alexander was going to make Kevin try, whether he thought to research was ready for human trials or not. It was one thing to observe the regressive, regenerative properties of Turritopsis Dohrnii as the jellyfish aged backward and forward in time, it was another thing entirely to harness that gene and then apply it to a mammal. So far it had worked with the rats (after only minor, horrifying errors). There was no reason why he couldn’t inject this body and make it turn back into a cluster of cells waiting to form proper, forceful life. The asset might even survive, he had the serum in his veins and regression would not work that out, not when it was so much a part of his DNA now.Besides, the asset was, for all intents and purposes, dead already. What harm could it do?"Do you have a surrogate lined up? This procedure will work much better if conditions are as close to natural as possible.”Alexander waved the concern away. “One of our men has been looking for a leg up. His wife is pregnant.” A smile slid across Alexander’s face. “Congratulations to her; she’s now having twins.”Kevin sighed. He stepped closer to the table and looked down at the figure on the table. Even for a mindless tool, a sharp knife meant for nothing but death, the procedure about to be inflicted on the asset's body was cruel. Kevin owed it to this man to remember what his face looked like now, in this moment.Had the asset been relieved when he drew what he thought would be his last breath? Had he imagined freedom finally within his grasp?Did the Winter Soldier have enough humanity left in him to wish for such a thing?“Bring him to my lab. We need to act quickly,” Kevin said. He turned away from the body.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
30 Years LaterIt took TJ a moment to realize he was awake. For the last two days he’d been slipping into fever dreams during his turbulent sleep that made it difficult to tell reality for fantasy.  It always seemed like mornings were the hardest, the moment when the withdrawals hit with all their strength, and it seemed like each morning came a little bit earlier than the last. Nausea normally roused him, brought on by the shuttering in his limbs or the pounding in his head. He didn’t think he was going to throw up right now, and the pounding in his head--while unpleasant--wasn’t what had woken him.A sound, soft and unassuming but utterly alien to the beat and pulse of the house, drifted from the kitchen.Was someone in there? Mom was still at the White House and would be for the next twenty four hours at least, Dougie and Anne were at their apartment, Dad was wherever he went when he wasn’t lingering around Mom, and Grandma wouldn't be up at— he glanced at the digital alarm clock— 2:30 AM.The momentar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Thomas "T.J." Hammond/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pseudoscience
Crossover
but not really

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Thomas "T.J." Hammond/Steve Rogers

