Work Text:
Peter raised his hand to open the door to the workshop but paused in doubt.
"FRIDAY, are you sure that Mr. Stark wants my help?"
"You are the most qualified assistant available for this particular task," came the answer from the AI.
"And this mysterious task is...?"
"It will become obvious as soon as you meet the boss."
"Fine, fine. I'll ask Mr. Stark."
Peter took a calming breath. Mr. Stark hadn't contacted him for a while and he had started to fear that he had done something wrong or had been too annoying, so getting a call asking for help should be good news, right?
As soon as he entered the workshop Peter was surprised by the dimness of the lights and the intense smell that seemed to fill the room. It was a pleasant scent, somehow sweet and tart at the same time, but also extremely overpowering. What was going on?
"Who's there?" came a slurred voice from the back of the workshop.
"It's me, Mr. Stark."
"Kid? Why're you here?"
"FRIDAY called me," he started explaining as he walked towards where he thought the man was. "She said you needed my help with-"
Peter's foot hit something and sent it rolling away on the floor with a loud noise. He could barely make it out in the darkness, but he thought it was an empty bottle of some sort. Was that where the sweet smell came from?
"So you wanna help Daddy in the shop, huh?" mumbled Mr. Stark in a strange tone of voice Peter couldn't decipher.
What was going on? Was Mr. Stark drunk? And had he just called himself Daddy?!
"Is... uh. Is everything alright?"
"Everything's peachy. Isn't it, Petey?"
Peter walked closer until he could finally see Mr. Stark. The man was sitting slumped on an old couch, dressed only in sweats and a wife-beater. An empty glass hung from his hand and his legs were open wide, displaying a large dark stain right on the crotch of his pants. It looked as if the fabric was soaked. Was it possible that Mr. Stark had peed himself?
"So, Petey, gonna help Daddy?"
"What do you need my help with?"
The man smiled widely and waved his hand in a sloppy "come here" motion. Peter was very worried about the situation, afraid that FRIDAY had decided to call him all on her own so he would take care of Mr. Stark even if Peter didn't have the knowledge or experience to deal with any of this.
"C'mon, I promise I don't bite."
Peter walked a couple of steps towards the couch and paused, but Mr. Stark gestured again.
"Closer, Petey," the man slurred in a singsong voice. "You can't help Daddy from that far away."
Peter took a deep breath, vaguely noting that the intense scent seemed to be getting even stronger, and stepped forward again. His stomach was twisting with nerves and he was feeling a little dizzy.
"Mr. Stark, what-?"
"Daddy," interrupted the man with a harsh tone. "When you're helping me, it's Daddy."
"What's going on?!" protested Peter, losing his patience at last.
Mr. Stark lunged forward and grabbed him by the front of his hoodie. Peter was so startled that he didn't even try to fight when the man pulled him closer until he was standing right between his legs.
"Don't be a bad boy now," warned Mr. Stark as he pawed at Peter's waist. "You said you wanted to help Daddy."
"I just don't understand what's happening!"
"You're helping Daddy in the shop just like I used to."
At that moment Mr. Stark released a pleased hum and Peter froze. The man was rubbing the front of his jeans, right over his cock, and for some reason all of Peter's worry and confusion turned into instant arousal.
"Good boy," purred Mr. Stark. "What a good, big boy."
Peter remained still as Mr. Stark opened his jeans and pushed them down. Somehow the whole situation had gone from a nightmare to a wet dream and he still didn't know what was happening.
Mr. Stark grabbed him by the hips and pulled him even closer, squinting at Peter's Iron Man underwear.
"Oh, Petey," cooed the man before happily rubbing his face all over Peter's covered erection. "You love Daddy very much, don't you?"
The hands on his hips pulled down his underwear and his cock sprung free slapping Mr. Stark on the cheek. Peter blushed at the sight of his mentor staring at his dick with glazed eyes and a pleased smile like it was some sort of treat. He had been nursing the biggest crush on this man since long before they actually met and he couldn't believe this was happening.
"Mr. St- Ah!"
Whatever he had been trying to say fled from his mind as soon as Tony swallowed his cock down his throat. Peter stared down in disbelief, unable to comprehend what he was seeing and feeling. Nobody had ever touched his dick before, and now it was buried deep inside Tony Stark's throat.
It was incredibly tight and wet. Hotter than he could have ever imagined. Peter could feel Tony's throat swallowing around him and the man's tongue pushing against the base of his cock, right were his knot would swell.
"Oh! Oh!"
Tony hummed around him, his eyes sparkling happily. He looked as if there was no place he'd rather be than here in his work
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Alpha Peter Parker
Omega Tony Stark
Dubious Consent
Daddy Kink
Praise Kink
Intersex Omegas
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

