Chapter 1: the twist
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
.........Gray walls. Cold air. Empty hallways.(This is what he has left.) The boy’s glasses slip down his nose as he huddles in on himself. He’s burrowed in his Uncle’s oversized Mets hoodie, the one he’d given Peter as a gift for his thirteenth birthday just a few weeks before. The boy borrowed it often enough to call it his own before that point, but the formality of unwrapping it along with the other gifts was something that caused Peter to blush and his guardians to laugh. It’s not like he didn’t have things of his own to wear; he just loved the garment because the worn fabric and familiar smell reminded him of the man he loved.He hugs himself around the middle and lets his shaking fingers grasp at threadbare sleeves, desperate for the hoodie’s comforting abilities to take him away from this nightmare.“Peter,” someone says softly, pityingly. He looks up.An adult he vaguely recognizes is standing there. She looks tired-- understandable, since it’s almost 5am-- but still she smiles wanly. She’s dressed nicely, like Aunt May when she goes (went) to work meetings. He can’t remember her name but he thinks she’s a social worker. She’d been there when he woke up here earlier-- when he found out he was the only survivor of the car crash that orphaned the orphan. That was hours ago.This day seems to be years long at this point.“I’m so sorry for the wait, honey,” she tells him, kneeling to his level. Her eyes are sad. “Are you ready to go?”He stares at her uncomprehendingly, saying nothing. In his head he imagines Ben chastising him for being rude to someone so nice, but the thought only makes him bite down on his lip and avert his gaze to the tiled floor. He nods once, a lifeless gesture. A tear slides down his face.The woman waits for him to get to his feet before wrapping an arm around his thin shoulders and steering him toward the elevator, down several long halls and out into the hospital parking lot. He feels disconnected, like he’s walking in a dream. Please  , he begs, his lip trembling.  Please let it be a dream .“Oh, shoot,” the woman mutters, rummaging through her purse and pockets. “I think I left my phone back inside. Wait right here, okay, Peter? I’ll be one minute.” She indicates the concrete benches nearby, then hurries back through the glass doors.Peter watches her go impassively. A breeze toys at his bangs and he blinks a bit, the fresh air waking him up from the stupor he’s been locked in for hours.The sky is still fairly dark, but an orange glow is hinting on the horizon. He can hear birds beginning to chirp, to sing praises to a new day, as if they don’t know that the world has ended.It’s in that moment that it hits him.He’s alone.The woman will come back and take him to some foster home and he’ll never see his apartment, his home, ( his family, ) ever again.A sob like a dying heart claws out of his chest and then, almost without conscious decision, his feet start running. He’s small and asthmatic and weak, but he doesn’t care; he runs and runs and runs and welcomes the feeling of burning lungs and aching legs because they drown out a much worse pain threatening to swallow him whole.He doesn’t pay attention to street signs, has no destination in mind; he just goes where the road takes him. In the blur around him, New York is coming to life with sounds of cars and people going to work and school and whatever else they do in normal days because they don’t know. They don’t know.He just keeps on, away and away and away from the building wherein lies the two moldering bodies that used to be his aunt and uncle, the only two people left in the world who loved him.By the time he stops, it’s because he trips on one of his shoelaces that’s come loose. He doesn’t get up, just lays there sprawled awkwardly on the sidewalk, cheek pressed on the asphalt, and pants for several minutes. Eventually he pushes upright, his heart still racing, and looks around. He doesn’t recognize the area he’s in now, but it’s a deserted and bare stretch of road. He guesses by the salt in the air and the distant sound of waves that he’s near the coast.When he shakily gets to his feet again, he brushes his scraped hands against his knees and keeps moving, albeit at a walking pace this time.Soon he finds himself on the edge of a highway overlooking the sea. The sun has risen into a bright blue sky, warming some of the morning chill out of the air and sparkling off the water below. He stops and looks out over the horizon and lets tears stream down his face anew. They drop off his chin, fall the 100 feet drop and are lost in the salt water below.“I don’t know what to do,” Peter cries.The crest and spray of waves is his only answer.He’s not at all paying attention to his surroundings, and that’s why when a truck comes hurtling around the bend in the road, he doesn’t know until the driver lays on their horn to urge him o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
the most AU AU you will ever read
and by 'you' i mean the 6 people who will read this
Merperson Peter Parker
Mer!Peter
Alternate Universe
Irondad
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
AoU didn't happen and neither did Civil War
FRIDAY is still Tony's AI because i said so

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

