Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
He’s never been a morning person. Well, perhaps at one point in his life— but recent years have cemented the fact that Peter Parker is not a morning person. Energy reserves are depleted and he has zero filter; it’s best if he doesn’t talk. So most mornings are delicately brutal on his nervous system but it is especially true today. It doesn’t even help his motivation that it’s the end of the week. All he wants is to find his misplaced backpack. “Peter, you’re going to be late!”Jaw flexes and a few rushed breathes later, Peter replies, “I know, May; I’m trying to find my backpack!” He hopes it doesn’t come out bratty. Years of stern reprimands echo in his subconscious. “Have you seen it?” he asks, poking his head out into the hallway. “Not since Ben asked you to move it last night,” his aunt replies, turning around to look at him and she’s all dressed up in her scrubs uniform for her shift. “I’m sorry, Pete.” He nods, “I’ll find it and catch the next train. Go on ahead. No point both of us being late.”“I won’t be back until way after dinner,” May reminds as she fishes out her house keys. “You two’ll be fine, right?”“Oh, yeah,” he answers distractedly, eyes roaming across what parts of the hallway and kitchen he can see halfway out his bedroom. “We’ll be fine.”“Love you, goofball.”Aunt May’s farewell brings a smile and Peter echoes the sentiment, waves her off, and spins back into his bedroom to search for the missing item. “I mean... it should be here,” he mutters aloud, eyes roaming the semi-messy bedroom. Uncle Ben has asked him twice now this week alone to clean his room and Peter knows to avoid a third ask. He’s pretty sure he didn’t leave it out on the streets again. “Ah-ha!” he races across the room and spots a navy blue strap, tucked between twin bed and wall beneath the window. “Found ya!”Peter slips the straps onto his shoulders and jogs out the room. A glance at the stove clock tells Peter he missed his usual train several minutes previously. Oh well. He swipes a banana and heads out the door, locking up as he goes. Just a matter of time before he was late for the internship. Well, first time being late for the Friday portion of it at any rate. Peter’s actually mildly impressed he made it ten weeks into the program without showing up late.He merges into the bustling crowd. 
 Less than an hour later, Peter rushes inside Stark Tower as quickly as he can, passing through check points where appropriate, and keeps a tight grasp on his key card as he maneuvers around employees a bit on the awkward side. His breathing is even, though his anxiety is niggling at the base of his skull. If he lets it, it’ll blossom into the pit of his belly and then it’ll be a long evening. And he’s honestly not focusing on his increasingly obnoxious senses. The teenager is of the belief if he ignores a problem maybe it’ll go away. As Peter passes the final check point and enters the main lobby proper, he immediately beelines for the elevator straight ahead instead of the handful banked for the regular employees. He swipes his card again and FRIDAY grants him entrance. Peter steps inside and the doors close a beat after he’s situated. “Good afternoon, Mister Parker.” comes from on high in a soft, Irish lilt. “Hiya, FRIDAY.” the teenager greets, pushing his body further into the corner. “Is Doctor Stark upset with me for being late?” “Boss does not appear upset, Mister Parker.” Peter leaves it at that. Friday afternoons are his favorite days of his Stark internship because he gets to mentor under Tony Stark for a couple hours. Back in April, Peter had been one of five students selected throughout the city’s five boroughs to begin a new high school internship program Pepper Potts had designed. (He suspects its birth is a result of Ultron and a need for positive PR.) Peter hadn’t signed up for any kind of internship so needless to say he was puzzled when approached. But the qualifications were the smartest student from each borough and Peter happened to be Queens’s candidate. Peter also happens to be the youngest for the summer program at fourteen and a freshman. None of the four other interns made mention of his age after the first week, so Peter valiantly tries to let it not bother him. Easier said than done, though the following months have helped the young teen to settle into his own a bit more comfortably. His main internship instructor is a rather boring, stout man named Doctor Reyes who definitely is unafraid to call out his interns for inattention. Luckily, Peter’s built up years of tolerance when it comes to being called out and bossed around. “Your exit, Mister Parker.” Peter startles, shaking his head and striding forward, cheeks heating slightly as he offers up, “Right, thanks FRIDAY.” “My pleasure, despite it being what I’m programmed to do.” It pulls a half-smile as Peter walks partially down the hallway, swiping his badge again and listening to the nearly silent hiss as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Mary Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Single Parents
I Don't Even Know
Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
POV Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Implied/Referenced Drug Addiction
Strained Relationships
Character Study
Anxiety
Please Don't Hate Me
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alternative Universe freeform
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Stark - Freeform
Canonical Character Death
Child Abuse

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Mary Parker

