Chapter 1: Dispersion: Collateral
    




Chapter Text
Part One: Dispersion   Natasha had left first.
After Steve had gotten Bucky out of the Siberian Hydra bunker and escaped to Wakanda, his first thought was of his team. He had contacted Natasha to tell her to meet him at the border and explained what the situation was with the raft. She had seemed surprisingly reluctant to go along with him, but upon hearing about Clint’s imprisonment she agreed to help, if only for the sake of his children The breaking in was surprisingly easy, and it took a minimal amount of hacking to make the cameras go dark for a long enough time period. The sight of them all trapped in their cells was not something that Steve would soon forget. Wanda’s jacket and color were the worst. Her expression was one of blank acceptance as she stared emotionlessly at the cement wall in front of her. He made quick work of getting her out first.

He would have very much liked to have stayed and destroyed the raft so that it could never be used to hold his teammates again, but Natasha advised against it. They were already criminals, she had said. They didn’t need any more charges brought against them. T’Challa had been kind enough to let Steve and his team stay hidden in Wakanda while Bucky was in cryo sleep and they made plans as to where they would go. Their rooms weren't glamorous and they had to stay out of sight at all times, but they were thankful all the same. Wakanda was a very beautiful place and the team seemed at peace for the first time in years. That only lasted three days.
“Where are you going?” Steve asked, watching Natasha shove her gear and personal items into a duffle bag. Her hair, which was now bleached blonde and cut short was tucked underneath a baseball cap and she was wearing clothing that practically screamed tourist.
“Home,” she replied easily. She headed towards the door, but Steve stepped in front of her.
“What do you mean ‘home’? You said it yourself, they’re calling us criminals! We can’t go back until this all blows over. I know this is hard, but we within a few months they’ll be begging us to come back,” he assured her. She just stared up at him coldly, her calculating glare making him cringe away.
“They’re calling us criminals because we are, and I highly doubt that we’ll be asked back any time soon.”
At Steve’s confused expression, her face softened slightly.
“Steve, I always agreed with the accords. I was never on your side for that part of the fight,” she said gently. “I only helped you because I thought that it would stop people from getting hurt. Clearly, I was wrong,” she explained.

“So you’re turning yourself in?” Steve asked, things slowly piecing themselves together in his mind. Natasha nodded and gave him a sad smile. “We’re not above the law, Steve. We’re just people, and People have to pay for their mistakes.” With that, she stepped back, and Steve stepped to the side and let her leave. He watched her until she was just a small spec in the distance and kept on staring at the landscape even after she was long gone. He had always thought of Natasha as his friend. Then again, he’d thought the same thing of Tony and look where that had gotten him. He stayed there until Sam came in and told him it was time for lunch. Scott left not long after Natasha, but he didn’t bother explaining anything to Steve. He didn’t have to. The government had announced that any of the ‘rouge avengers’ as they were now being called could take plea deals to lessen their punishments. A few hours later T’Challa opened up a channel for Scott to contact Maggie and Cassie with. He was gone the next day.
They watched on the small TV they’d been provided as the news reported his return to the states, and Natasha’s return the day after. Scott was given a sentence of three years on house arrest, a sentence which was considerably lighter than it would have been given that he handed the suit over to Pym technologies with no argument and had no involvement with anything except the airport. The house arrest wasn’t going to be too problematic for him as he could still help his con friends start up their business from home, but Steve still felt a little bad for the guy. Looking back, dragging in Scott was a little much.

Natasha’s sentence was quite different. Upon returning to the United States she had immediately been detained and brought before the accords council to decide her sentence. She had testified that she had helped Steve and Bucky escape to try and prevent any further damage to the airport because of their fight, and had denied knowing anything about the raft break-in. She hadn’t left enough of a digital footprint for anyone to prove that it had been her that had hacked the raft, and Scott backed her up, saying that she was long gone by the time Steve came to break them out.
Steve felt a stab of annoyance at the lie. The way that she was willing to throw all the blame on him and make herself seem like she was trying to protect p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Vision
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Riri Williams
Kamala Khan & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Clea
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Riri Williams
Wanda Maximoff & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Not A Fix-It
Well - Freeform
maybe for some characters
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Peter is not impressed with Steve Rogers
Not Cap Friendly
Hurt/Comfort
Rhodes is the best
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Iron Heart
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team as Family
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
And Gets One
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
and gets many
I can't tag for the life of me
New Avengers
Aunt May is Badass
Pepper Potts is done with Steve's Bullshit
Protective Avengers
Protective Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Vision
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Riri Williams
Kamala Khan & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Clea
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Riri Williams
Wanda Maximoff & Stephen Strange

