Chapter 1: Poetic Justice
    




Chapter Text
Tony doesn't get sick. He's got an immune system as strong as Mjolnir. He's fit as a fiddle. He's in his prime. Echinacea flows through his veins."You have the flu, Tony," Bruce repeats for the ninetieth time, looking at the thermometer with a frown. "You can't fly this way. Your fever is almost one-hundred and four. Lay back down before you pass out, or I'm going to take you to the hospital."Tony sways on his feet and narrows his eyes. He's having a hard time putting his thoughts together, so he just says the words that come to mind. "Can't. Amora. Bitch. Magic. Suit up."Bruce hands him a few pills and a glass of water. "Take these. Now. We need to get your fever down, I need to go, and you need to rest."Tony allows Bruce to push him back onto the bed and all but force him to take the pills. The water tastes metallic and no matter how many sips he swallows, his mouth feels dry and his eyes burn."Just rest," Bruce says."Oh, fine," Tony grunts. He closes his eyes against the light— why couldn't Bruce be a pal and shut the damned curtains— and opens them a second later to darkness.For a moment, he isn't sure where he is, and he inhales, hoping to God he doesn't smell desert and blood. He can't smell anything, though, because his nose is stuffed up and he can barely breathe. Sitting up, he looks around wildly, hoping he'll be able to see something in the darkness, and finds himself staring at a pair of over-bright eyes reflecting the icy glow of his arc reactor."Uh, creepy. Jarvis, turn on the lights.""Of course, sir."The bedside lamp flickers on. Tony blinks, allowing his vision to adjust, then focuses. Loki is lounging in a chair a few feet from the bed. His dark hair is pulled back from his face, and he's wearing casual clothes that are wrinkled, like he's been sitting there for a long time."Stark," Loki says dismissively, though he watches Tony like a hawk. "You've finally awoke.""Finally?" Tony echoes, grimacing. He must have been out for quite a while, long enough for daylight to die and his meds to wear off. His head throbs and he's freezing all of a sudden. "Where am I? What time is it?""You are in your bed, quite obviously, and it is nearly midnight," Loki responds, tilting his head to the side. A few strands of dark hair fall over his face. "Your Avengers were injured in their battle with Amora and Skurge. I've been sent here to monitor you while they lick their wounds."Tony groans and lays back against his pillows. "Nurse Ratchet to the rescue, huh?""You know I do not understand your pop culture references," Loki states impassively."You disgust me. You've been here how long, and you still haven't watched One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?"Even when he isn't feeling like death warmed up, Tony finds it odd that he and the God of Mischief can have conversations like these— conversations he'd have with Steve, who is almost as useless as Loki when it comes to knowledge of Earth's twenty-first century. He actually likes their conversations, too. They're mostly a series of witty retorts, and despite the haughty image Loki portrays, he's pretty smart, and Tony likes talking to smart people. He especially likes talking to smart people who are awed by his genius. Loki is silent about it, but Tony doesn't miss the softening of his hardened exterior when he visits the workshop.The others have come to terms with him, as well, in their own ways. It is a tenuous tolerance, but it's there. Tony isn't sure if any of them would call it trust, not yet, but Loki hasn't given them reason to doubt him since he appeared, almost two years later, in the same room where Tony offered the god a drink just before said god tossed him out a window for his troubles.The reappearance had been a day for the history books: a bruised, battered, supposedly dead Loki blinking back into existence and asking for protection.Even though most of them wanted to say no at the time, the look of utter relief on Thor's face when his eyes landed on his brother had cemented their fate of Avengers plus one. They'd heard the story, the one where Loki died in a dark realm called Svartalfheim trying to save his brother and Jane Foster from the Dark Elves, and none of them had the gall to tell Thor to shove it after they watched him grieve for nearly a year, not even when Natasha pointed out that Loki obviously lied about dying.Details.So, they all hoped he was reformed enough not to kill them in their sleep, and Loki stayed. And maybe they do trust him, at least a little bit, because at some point between then and now, Steve Rogers, Captain America and leader of the Avengers, had enough confidence in the former enemy to send him as a babysitter for a sick, whiny Tony Stark."I do not trust your film recommendations any longer," Loki replies. "Not after— what did you call that monstrosity? Sharknado?""That was one bad movie," Tony defends, then starts coughing. He suddenly realizes how much everything is just a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Explicit Sexual Content
Sick Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Humor
Companionable Snark
Friendship/Love
Slash
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Thor Is Not Stupid
Tony Is Not Helping
FrostIron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

