Work Text:
Tony startles awake when the health monitor alarms from Barnes’s arm go off. Their fading signal means one of two things: Barnes is off-planet beyond reach of Earth’s satellites (not likely), or Barnes is in critical condition and needs extraction.Tony quickly realizes he’ll need to extract himself first. He’s tied up on the floor of a cell that looks like part of a medieval dungeon, and he can see himself through the camera in the corner behind him. The last thing he remembers is having dinner with a prince who hoped Tony would sell him some old weapons designs—because Stark Industries doesn’t make weapons anymore, of course, but surely there are some old specs Tony could be convinced to part with?—and saying “No,” and the prince graciously accepting his answer, and conversation continuing as they tucked into the main course.Drugged then. Well, thanks to his modified version of Extremis—which no one knows about but himself, Rhodey, and Pepper—these assholes don’t know what they’re dealing with, or just how fucked they are.Tony makes friends with the security camera, follows it to connect his brain to the entire facility, takes stock of what he’s working with, and within ten minutes he’s freed himself, locked down the facility, copied all its data to his servers and fried all the originals and every electronic in the building—and left no trace of his ever being there. It wouldn’t have taken that long had his body not still been cleaning itself of whatever toxins they fed him, but the signal from Barnes’s arm is still strong enough for Tony to find him on satellites while he summons his closest RT housing unit. He’s en route to snowy Colorado to rescue one of his two unwitting mates barely seventy seconds after stepping outside.He finds Barnes caught in a winter storm high in the Rocky Mountains, rank with pain and distress, passed out with his legs stuck in a frozen pond and his vitals dangerously low. The arm’s power has been diverted to helping keep Barnes alive, hence the fading signal. Tony helps it out by cutting Barnes loose and flying them to the nearest human shelter he can find: a small, isolated cabin.Could he fly them out of the storm? Probably. Would Barnes survive the trip back to the kind of medical facility ideal for a super soldier with all his extremities intact? Highly unlikely.Tony sends an update and the old hunting cabin’s location to Sharon and Shuri with a thought, gets a fire started, drops every pillow and piece of bedding he can find in front of it, and methodically strips and dries Barnes before turning him into a blanket burrito he rolls to face the flames.Barnes isn’t even shivering. Tony decides to give it a few minutes before he deems more drastic intervention necessary.He finds tea and a hanging kettle and fills it with snow for later boiling; maybe he can get Barnes to drink some without waking him up—that should help a bit.When nothing else in the cabin seems immediately helpful, Tony looks back down at Barnes.Out cold. Too still. Skin tinged the blue-gray of his eyes.Tony decides blue-gray isn’t nearly as pretty on Barnes as a skin color. After a few mental calculations, he realizes there’s nothing for it. Huddling for warmth roasting in an Iron Man two-person cocoon sounds like what Tony’s going to do with the rest of his afternoon (even though his internal clock says it’s four a.m.).He hopes Barnes doesn’t wake up while Tony’s still here; he prefers that Barnes and Steve don’t know he’s the one who’s been helping them out of tough scrapes. Or that he’s their mate. Fewer awkward explanations necessary that way. And apologies. And interactions with Barnes while he’s conscious; no one wants to feel like they owe the man who nearly killed them in a blind rage.Tony’s grown a massively unfortunate crush on Barnes to rival his crush on Steve since he began monitoring them on missions and into their aftermath (wherein he rats them out to ensure they get adequate medical care, and eat enough to replenish their energy as required by their super metabolisms). It’s just Tony’s luck alphas, betas, and omegas became a thing when they un-did the Snap, and he’s an omega with two alphas who’re already taken with each other in a way Tony can never hope to match. Two alphas he’s also on the outs with—entirely and irrevocably, with Barnes. While he and Steve are friendly, and Tony’s mostly put Siberia behind him, attacking Barnes confirmed every bad thing Steve could possibly think about Tony and he knows it, whether or not Steve ever cops to it. It’s even worse now, knowing those are his mates he nearly killed. Not that he knew it until the first time he covertly flew in and helped them while they relocated some unfortunate for their special brand of witness protection program. Tony’d long since stopped blaming Barnes by that point, even come to admire him and find him attractive, but finding out they were mates was both vindicating and crushing: Tony had not one, but two mates, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mentioned Sharon Carter - Freeform
Mentioned Shuri - Freeform
Mentioned Peter Parker
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Kidnapped Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Extremis Tony Stark
Extremis (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Rescue Missions
tony stark to the rescue
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Conversations
Cabin Fic
Huddling For Warmth
Hypothermia
Cuddling & Snuggling
Requited Unrequited Love
Crushes
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Needs Sleep
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Gets a Hug
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Communicating Like Actual Fucking Adults
Communication
Pining
Getting Together
Mutual Pining
Polyamory
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

