Chapter 1: Natasha's POV
    




Chapter Text

Natasha’s POV

Why exactly Steve thought she was somehow a tech genius just because she wasn’t from the forties, she had no idea. So, maybe she had given the impression that she could do anything, but had she not admitted to only 

pretending

? Once the plan was made, she was left alone while the ‘heavy hitters’ went out to ‘do the actual work.’ She resented that, but it wasn’t uncommon for people to underestimate her despite there being a very good reason to overestimate her if anything. She could kill someone in two seconds max, and look back with apathy nearly unheard of in any of the other Black Widows. People seemed to forget her talents, even Fury, and underestimate her. That was fine, though, because she would use it against them along with everything else she had learned hurt them. 

She called Tony, because he had been kind enough to offer her a place despite her past ill intentions toward him. That was someone she could respect. His file, everything she had written or saw, she was beginning to doubt. He seemed almost as skilled as her when it came to hiding the truth, it was actually eerily similar. Perhaps she should research him more thoroughly after this is all over. Although she doubted she would find anything SHIELD hadn’t included in his file. 

“Come pick up a USB. JARVIS is on it, and when he’s there, I’m there, so I can get the files released securely, perhaps only to officials who need them for evidence… this is saving a lot of people, coming to me that is. Thank you for asking for help.” 

“You probably think I sound stupid,” she said. 

“Nonono! The smartest people know when to ask for help. Now, seriously, you can pick the USB up at the front desk so you can fix this thing quick and nobody ever needs to know.” 

“You don’t want any credit?” It was hard to believe that a ‘narcissist’ wouldn’t want to take the credit for his work. He made a sound that Natasha had never heard from Tony. It was a choked sound that communicated ‘why?’ better than the word could. 

“Uh, not really. You have this, you’re the hero here, I’m just… well, I don’t need credit, I just need to help the best I can.” 

“

Spasibo

, Stark. (Thanks, Stark.)” 

“

Pozhaluysta

 (You’re welcome),” she paused for a second and pulled the phone away to look at it. He had disconnected already. Had she been talking to Tony Stark? No need to think too hard on it, perhaps he was just having one of 

those

 days. 

She picked up the USB, winking at the cute brunette at the front desk who blushed and returned to reading the magazine hidden below her keyboard. This was the best decision, she knew it. Tony was right, though, the smartest people where the ones who knew when they needed help. 

*** 

Natasha handed the file on the the Winter Soldier to Steve with a heavy heart. She had been trained to not feel, but it was hard to give such private information to someone like Steve. Someone who would try to deny or invalidate the years of torture just to see what he wanted to see. She had grossly underestimated all the true flaws in Steve. She had pushed all the things she had read into her mind, refusing to take in what she had observed herself. How foolish of her… how had she missed something so important? Perhaps her skills were waning without active use, although she had been oberservative, she wasn’t doing a very good job lately, was she? She could say ‘it’s only human’ but she had been trained to be 

better

. The Headmistress would be so terribly disappointed in her. 

It was two months after the file was given to Steve when she decides to tell Tony about the issue with his parents. Steve had been aloof and generally indifferent towards Tony, and Stark had graciously offered a stranger housing and plenty of money just because Steve ‘asked’ (although it was more like a demand).. She had seen and heard Steve and Sam talking in whispers on the couch or in the corner of the kitchen. They would quickly change the subject of looking for the Soldier as soon as Tony walked in. Clint even seemed to be in on it. She was very disappointed with the man she thought was the closest thing to a friend she would ever get. Bruce, however, remained ignorant and mostly hid out in the lab Tony made specifically for him. 

This was an issue that required tact, she knew, but from this ‘new’ Tony she was seeing in little pieces here and there, giving the details to him unembellished would be easier for the both of them. That didn’t mean she was going to drop that bombshell and leave. She brought offerings of coffee and doughnuts to Tony’s workshop to promote Tony to be comfortable when she told him. People needed comfort when told about things like the murder of family members. People seemed to need comfort all the time. She excluded herself from this count. 

JARVIS let her in, only thanking her for bringing ‘sir’ sustenance after a three day binge of coffee and a single smoothie while he concentrate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
one-sided Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Assassin Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Maria Stark's Bad Parenting
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
Absent Jim Rhodes for Now
Extremis Pepper Potts
Extremis Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
POV Alternating
POV Third Person
Tony Stark-centric
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Red Room (Marvel)
Department X
Past Child Abuse
Past Abuse
Past Brainwashing
Dark Tony Stark
Somewhat
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Robot Feels
Tony's Kids are Not Human
(Spoiler: it's his android - AI - and robot children)
Protective Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Please read the notes! I will separate super important and rants I promise!
Alternate Universe - Dark
Sort Of
Murder
Assassination
Murder Kink
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Underage Sex
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
but not between Tony and James!
Out of Character
Gay Sex
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
I'm abusing these tags sorry not sorry
Explicit Sexual Content
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Praise Kink
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
And not compliant with anything after Civil War
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Natasha Romanov Feels
Unrequited Love
Minor Character Death
It's none of the precious ones
Its one of the people we don't like too much
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
one-sided Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

