Work Text:

After the first meeting with the Rogues, Tony has been a little more relaxed. Peter had stayed the night, which was a pretty normal occurrence since May had night shifts and didn’t want Peter to always be alone at home, and it not only helped Tony’s stress by knowing Peter was nearby but also helped sell the ruse that they were father and son.

Peter started yawning pretty early into the night, right after dinner. Tony remembered how late he had been staying up to study for a local Decathlon competition with another school, and immediately ordered him to sleep. “Your competition is tomorrow, yeah? Get some rest, it won’t be good if you nod off during the relay.”

His kid nodded sleepily, “I’ll go to sleep.” And then proceeded to curl up, tucking his legs underneath him and shifting to be in a better position against Tony’s side, resting the side of his face on Tony’s shoulder/chest area.

…Well, not quite what he meant.

“You comfy?” Asked Tony, pretty amused. It wasn’t like Peter to be so openly affectionate with people he had only just met (not counting Germany) so Peter must have deemed the Rogues trustworthy. Or maybe he was just too tired to care.

“Mmmh.”

“You know, your bed is more comfortable than my body.”

“Nnnnh.”

“What?”

“Nnnnnnnnnnh.”

“Okay, sure.”

Sam and Clint were quietly snickering at the scene, and Steve looked like he was given a basket of puppies. Wanda looked pretty close to cooing, and even Natasha was smiling at them. While Tony was happy that they seemed to enjoy the adorable mess that was his son, he was getting antsy at all the undivided attention.

“I’ll get Peter to bed. He’s got a big day ahead of him tomorrow.” Tony said, patting Peter’s back.

“Does he do sports? You mentioned a relay competition.” Natasha asked.

Tony shakes his head, “No, not sports. Academic Decathlon. Peter here is in the Honors category.” There was unmistakable pride in the man’s voice when he continued. “He’s got a perfect GPA.” There was a drop in grades when Spider-man became a thing, but a stern talking-to from him and his aunt were quick to save that, and the Decathlon requirements only used the past 2 complete years so it didn’t matter too much.

Sam gave a low whistle. “The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, I see.”

Steve nodded, “I knew he was a genius but that’s still impressive.” He hesitated a bit afterwards, clearly wanting to say something else but not sure if he could.

“Something else to add, Rogers?” Tony questioned, quirking an eyebrow.

Flustered, Steve stuttered. “I, uhm, was just going to, well. Ask if… we could, uh, come watch? His competition, I mean.” His response was a shocked silence so he quickly continued. “We would just like to know you both better. But I understand if you say no, because we’ve only just met him and all, though we would love it if we could help support you both—”

“Calm down, Steve.” Tony interrupted, saving the other from unnecessary rambling. “I think it would be fine if you wanted to come. As long as you stay on the down-low so Peter doesn’t draw any bad attention, I think this could be a fun time.”

Tony was being honest too; he’s only been to a few of the local skirmishes Peter’s team had been in, and had always needed to dress down and wear a pair of sunglasses, but having others who he was familiar with would be great too. Tony would talk their ears off with praise for Peter.

“Mmmhmm.” Peter said.

“And we got the sleepy hum of agreement from the man himself, so you guys can definitely come now.” Tony added.

“Don’t embarrass me, Dad.” The slurred response kicked Tony’s responsible ass into gear.

“Well, Peter’s tired and needs at least 8 hours of rest before tomorrow, so I think it’s time to bid you all goodnight.”

He shook Peter softly so he would unstick from Tony’s side so they could stand, and the rest of the team did the same.

“Thank you for inviting us back,” Steve said. “We had a lot of fun.”

“Us too, Cap. I’ll see you all tomorrow before his competition.”

After a flurry of goodbyes and goodnights, and one ‘see you later, Stark Junior’ which almost made Tony drop Peter in surprise, Tony finally managed to get Peter onto his bed. “Can’t believe you made your old man carry you to your room. Think about my back, Pete.”

Peter was too tired at this point to dignify his taunt with a response.

Tony huffed affectionately, tucking the comforter around his small body, silently thanking the stars that he’d made Peter change into his comfortable clothes after dinner already. The billionaire ruffles the mess of curls on the pillow, and, without thinking, bent down to plant a soft kiss onto Peter’s forehead.

He froze, a little unbelieving that he just did something so 

Dad-like

, but Peter’s sigh of contentment made him relax. “Goodnight, kid.”

“G’night, Dad.” Tony’s heart squeezed at still being called ‘Dad’ even when their audience had long since left. He smiled. 

This is nice.



 
The next day, Peter was thinking the exact o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
no beta we die like men
Team Cap friendly
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fix-It of Sorts
Fluff
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
tony is very good at being an embarrassing dad
also includes them chilling at the tower for a movie
Father-Son Relationship
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

