Work Text:
There wasn’t anything wrong with the house, at least nothing wrong that buying the four neighboring properties on each side and doing a twenty mil renovation wouldn’t fix. It was so ordinary that Tony had to use a satellite map overlay on his phone to pick it out of the block, and there couldn’t have been more than two bedrooms in the place. The car in the driveway was a beater, and the driveway itself was so narrow that the motorcycle had to be parked ahead of it.“Seriously, Jarvis, you’re sure this is where he lives,” Tony said, and banged on the front door even as Jarvis made a pissy deal of confirming.A stranger opened the door, a black guy Tony had never seen before: tall, built, military written all over him: literally, he was wearing an Air Force sweatshirt, dark down the front with fresh sweat stains, and a scattering of grass stains too, like he’d been wrestling with a lawn somewhere.“Hey, weird question, does Captain America live here?” Tony said.The guy was staring at him, but in an unusual way; he’d obviously recognized Tony, which no kidding, but the stare wasn’t a holy shit it’s Tony Stark stare, or the second-level can I ask for his autograph or even the third-level what tabloid can I sell this to. Tony couldn’t actually identify the particular quality of the stare, until the guy said dryly, “So this is going to be a thing, huh?” and it turned out to be something like resigned. That was new. “Just tell me up front, have aliens invaded again?”“Not to my knowledge, which means pretty much no,” Tony said. “Can I — ? Thanks,” he said, eeling in. He pulled off his sunglasses and took a look around. The interior was fully as ordinary as the exterior. The TV wasn’t even as much as 50 inches. “No, I just need to talk to him about a — topic of mutual interest. And you are?”“Sam Wilson,” the guy said. “Steve’s in the shower. Make yourself at home.” He waved a hand at the living room. “Coffee’ll be up in about five minutes.”“I’m more of a smoothie kind of guy,” Tony said.“You want to make yourself one, go ahead,” Wilson said, sounding amused, and turned as Steve Rogers came into the room in almost all of his not-insubstantial glory, saved only by the towel tucked around his hips and the one was using to dry off his head. “Mm, is that victory I smell?” he was saying, making a loud sniffing noise.“That’s probably just me,” Tony said, and Steve jerked up out of the towel.“No aliens,” Wilson said, patting Steve on the arm as he headed past him. “I checked. Don’t drink all my coffee while I’m showering.”“My coffee,” Steve said, halfheartedly taking a snap at him with the towel, and looked at Tony. “What’s this about?”Tony waited until he heard the bathroom door close and the shower start running again. “Another attempt to persuade you to listen to reason,” he said, “but before I get into that, fill me in: who’s the new boyfriend? I don’t know anything about him. Why don’t I know anything about him? What’s he doing here?”“Uh,” Steve said, “this is his house.”Tony frowned. “You live here.”“Yeah,” Steve said. “I moved in a few months ago. It’s still Sam’s house.”“Seriously?” Tony said. “You’re frozen in ice for seventy years and the DOD wouldn’t spring for back pay?”Steve was staring at him like Tony was speaking a foreign language. “I can afford my own place.”“So what are you, wait, he’s actually your boyfriend?” Tony said.Steve blushed, literally: a visible pink flushed wave that swept all the way down his chest. “Yes,” he said, managing to sound smug and embarrassed at the same time.“Holy shit, are you out of your mind?” Tony said, staring.“Excuse me?” Steve said.“I’ve sent you keys,” Tony said. “I’ve emailed, I’ve texted, I’ve called. Pepper called. There is an entire floor of Stark Tower waiting for you to move in. And instead here you are living in a two-bedroom shack out in the open with your — extremely hot, by the way, nice job there — boyfriend. The paparazzi are going to eat you alive, Rogers.”“They’re fine,” Steve said. “I know most of the ones who take pictures of me, they’re not bad guys.”“They are not fine!” Tony said. “They just haven’t realized yet, probably because it hasn’t occurred to them that you could be insane enough to be pulling this stunt. And when they do figure it out, they are going to go into a blood-maddened frenzy that will only be made worse because you managed to cover it up for this long.”“I’m not covering anything up!” Steve said. “We live together!”“Have you held a press conference to discuss your sexuality?” Tony said.“What? No!” Steve said, recoiling with a horrified expression.“Then you are secretly dating a man,” Tony said.“It’s not — we’re engaged!” Steve said.“Dear God,” Tony said. He groped over to the armchair and sank into it, covering his eyes. “The only saving grace,” he said, muffled, from behind his hand, “is that I’ve found out before you went in and got the license. Which I’m assuming you would have done in the middle of the day, in uniform, blowing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Marriage
Wedding
Paparazzi
Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

