Work Text:
Natasha is bored. It’s Saturday night and everyone is asleep and she’s so unbelievably bored. It’s been weeks since the last time she’s had to suit up, and for someone whose life has been one constant mission since her childhood, there is no such thing as ‘enjoying’ time off. She never learned how. Sure, the Tower is equipped with every imaginably luxury that should, for a normal person, provide plenty of distractions from boredom. But Nat is not a normal person, nor does she particularly care about the home cinema, the arcade room or the tennis court. None of those will help her become better, faster, stronger, and so she doesn’t really see the point in indulging.However, the lack of action over the past few weeks did naturally result in a lot of excess energy, and there are really only two ways Natasha knows how to get rid of the surplus.Exercise, or sex.Seeing as Clint got back from a minor but exhausting intelligence gathering mission just a few hours ago and is currently dead to the world, option two is out. Natasha tried to lie down next to him and get some sleep too, but her body wouldn’t shut off and so around 3am, she got up to train instead.So, down to the gym she goes, opting for the one in the basement that’s bigger than the private one upstairs and has an obstacle course that she quite enjoys, but that no one besides her and Clint ever seems to use, for some reason.That’s why, the second the doors to the gym soundlessly glide open, she’s surprised to be met with the sound of voices. She quickly registers that there’s two of them, both male, and going by the grunting and shouting, those males are engaged in some pretty intense sparring. Then one of them curses, an emphatic ‘Fuck’ ringing out through the open space, and with some surprise Natasha recognizes the voice.Steve.In all the time she’s known him, Natasha has never once heard Steve use anything stronger than an appreciative ‘sonuvabitch,’ so this alone is cause to raise a perfectly manicured eyebrow. Curiosity piqued, Natasha rounds the corner to the main part of the gym –– and stops dead in her tracks.The mildly sarcastic greeting she had planned dies on her lips as she takes in the scene in front of her.Steve’s got his back to her, ridiculous muscles straining against the seams of his smedium white tee, his lower half clad in some grey sweatpants. The outfit in itself doesn’t constitute anything out of the ordinary in the context of a gym, but the fact that those sweats are pulled down far enough to expose his bare – and might she add glorious – ass is pretty unusual. Even more unusual is the way Steve is currently holding a stark naked James Buchanan Barnes up against the wall, whose black sweatpants and shirt are lying discarded on the floor at their feet. Steve’s fingers are digging into Barnes’ powerful thighs which are wrapped around his waist in an iron grip, and Barnes’ and his hands, flesh and metal alike, are clutching at Steve’s shoulders so hard the already straining fabric looks in imminent danger of ripping.What the…For a moment, Nat wonders if she might be reading the scene all wrong – people have on occasion told her she has a bit of a one-track mind, after all – and there is actually a fairly innocent explanation for all of this. But then Steve's hips snap forward, and again, the muscles in his ass tensing with each powerful thrust, and she really has no choice but to accept that Barnes is actually getting railed into next week by Steve up against the gym wall.Natasha’s seen a lot of wild things in her life, like, really wild things, and as you’d expect from a trained spy who goes by the awe-inducing code name of Black Widow, she’s not easily shocked. But walking in on Captain America, national icon and paragon of virtue, topping the fuck out of his best friend and formerly feared Hydra assassin the Winter Soldier, is enough to freeze even the Widow to the spot. Which is unfortunate, because what she should be doing is turning on her heel and getting the fuck of there.But Nat can’t move, can’t even take her eyes off the writhing mass of solid muscle a few feet away that she never expected to see, but which makes for a hell of a sight regardless. Due to the position they’re in, Natasha can see Barnes’ face over Steve’s shoulder; the way his admittedly handsome features are screwed up in pleasure, his lips slightly parted, and his eyes… open.His eyes are open, and he’s looking straight at her.Well, fuck.Barnes blinks once, and that’s all the outward evidence he shows of being surprised at her presence before a devilish glint appears in his ocean grey eyes and his lips curve upwards into a sly smirk. And then, the bastard winks at her. Fucking winks at her.It’s that wink that makes Natasha finally snap out of her stupor, a flare of something searing through her – embarrassment, adrenaline, arousal, or a combination of all three – and she hesitates. Natasha never hesitates, but now, as a particularly powerful thrus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Voyeurism
Smut
Porn With Plot
Anal Play
Light Dom/sub
Porn with Feelings
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Exhibitionism
Oral Sex
Dirty Talk
Swearing
Domestic Avengers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Canon Compliant
Anal Sex
civil war never happened
Multiple Orgasms
POV Outsider

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

