Work Text:

May 29th, 1970
Howard sprinted down the corridor, almost knocking over a nurse on the way. He hadn't made it to the actual birth, but they'd called and said that the doctor had delivered the baby without complications, that it was healthy and strong. Howard could have cried at the news. He couldn't wait to see for himself, to hold his son in his arms for the first time.Maria should be waking up right about now, ready to see him, ready to – Jesus Christ, to be a family and wasn't that something Howard never thought he'd say. He and Maria had been having a rough time lately and this was just the thing they needed to get them back on their feet. To finally feel that connection again.When he found the right room Howard stormed right in, careful not to slam the door so he wouldn't upset the child. A doctor was already standing next to the hospital bed with his back to Howard, holding something – oh God, that was his baby – out to his wife. “– crucial in those first minutes, Mrs Stark. Would you please hold your son?”Maria shied away, her hands tucked against her body. “I – I don't –“ she stammered and – Howard's smile dropped off his face when he saw her eyes. She looked terrified. “I can't –““What's going on here?” he demanded and the doctor turned, a tense smile on his face.“Ah, congratulations, Mr Stark, it's a –““What the hell is that?”The doctor flinched, but Howard didn't notice, his eyes glued to what little skin he could see through the flimsy white gown they had put on his son. “Mr Stark, please. He's not –“Howard stepped forward, pulling the white fabric open despite the doctor's attempt to hold it closed, and sucked in a sharp breath.“Mr Stark, he needs to be kept warm, his body isn't accustomed –““Shut up,” Howard said numbly, eyes darting quickly from mark to mark. Broken chain links pressed into the skin of its right upper arm. A cluster of craters like blisters on its left hip. The sharp tips of a vulture's feathers digging into its collarbones.And worst of all, the thin lines emerging from the centre of its chest, spindly and long, making it look like cracked glass rather than skin.“What the fuck is this?” Howard breathed and the doctor sighed heavily, his shoulders slumping. “What did you do to him?”“Nothing,” the doctor said resignedly. “They're his soulmarks. It's perfectly normal for a child to be born with more than two.”Howard's head snapped up to fix the doctor with a furious glare. “Soulmarks? Soulmarks? Are you fucking kidding me?”The doctor bristled. “With all due respect, Sir, I have delivered many babies in my day and –““Yeah? Have any of them looked like that?” Howard yelled, pointing at the baby and wrinkling his nose in disgust. “They look terrible! Are there more? How many?”“Just these four,” the doctor said curtly, cradling the newborn as he closed the cloth up again. “I can have a translator look into them if you –““I don't need a translator to know that they're shit!” Howard shouted, hands clenching into fists. He turned over to punch the wall, hissing at the pain. “Damn it!”“Sir, you need to calm down,” the doctor said as Maria started to cry in the background, hiding her face in her hands. “Mrs Stark, please –““I don't want him,” she cried hysterically, shaking her head over and over. “I don't want him, I don't– Howard –““Goddammit, Maria, stop,” Howard yelled, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Fuck. What the fuck is happening?”The doctor looked between the two, then down at the little boy in his arms. Despite the noise he was still sleeping peacefully, his tiny hands curled into the fabric of his gown. The doctor's heart twinged at the sight. It was always tragic to see a newborn branded with the failure of its closest confidants, but he'd never seen anything like this.When he raised his head he found Mr Stark sitting on the hospital bed, holding his wife to his chest as she cried. He must have noticed him looking because he met the doctor's eyes with a lost look on his face. He looked devastated. “What do we do now?”The doctor gave him a grim look, stepping forward to put the little boy down on his father's lap. Mr Stark held him awkwardly, a helpless expression on his face. The doctor sighed.“Make the best of it.” By the time Tony was four he had stopped asking questions about his marks. The answer was always the same, a curt “Go to your room” and then stifling silence. The avoidance of his parents wasn't worth asking the question.But that didn't make him any less curious. He bugged Jarvis about it a lot, but the butler would only smile sadly and tell him that he'd find out in time. Tony knew the answer had to be bad because no one wanted to tell him and grownups always lied about the bad stuff. Unless Tony had been bad, then his dad would usually get pretty loud about it. He'd learned to keep his mouth shut in those moments too.Tony was a very fast learner. Ever since Jarvis taught him how to read Tony had started sneaking into the library for new books about p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Hurt Tony
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Panic Attacks
Fix-It
Kinda
Canon-Typical Violence
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Platonic Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates
all of the soulmates
Kissing
Love Confessions
Fluff
so much fluff at the end Jesus christ

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

