Work Text:
Sam watched as everyone settled in for the meeting, coffees in hand, cookies and other snacks avoided for now which was typical. Most people preferred the hit of sugar after. He was one of them - something like a pick me up. He recognized most of the faces here at this point - this was one of his more regular groups. Even as he had the thought, a new face walked in. The messy head of dark hair was ducked, hands shoved deep into the pockets of a slightly oversized jacket. When the man looked up though, sharp green eyes took in everything - darting from corner to corner - to each window and the door - before he moved towards a seat with the best view of the exit. Sam knew his type - this was someone who may or may not have been out of the fight for a while but more than that, he’d only recently accepted that he might need some help - or at least someone to talk to. From the dark circles under his eyes and the twist of his mouth, Sam would say maybe he was here as a favour - someone who’d managed to convince him that he should at least try. Sam found that was usually a good sign - because it meant they cared enough to at least listen to whoever had asked. He turned his attention from the new guy when it hit time and made his way to his own seat, drawing everyone’s attention to him. Even after all these years, all of them were used to reacting instantly to that sort of cue.  Harry sank a bit lower in his chair as his gaze wandered over the group. He was here because Hermione and Ron had both cornered him and informed him in no uncertain terms that he was running himself into the ground and they cared too much about him to let him. Hermione had shoved pamphlets into his hand, and despite his grumbling, Harry had read them. Since there was nowhere in Europe he could go without being instantly recognized, he’d decided to try the States, because what was an international port key to a celebrity? He was still somewhat bitter about it but he kept that to himself at least. When he’d shown interest, Hermione had immediately buckled down to help him research a good place to go. She’d helped him narrow down cities - and then finally Hermione had found one that apparently met her standards and was highly acclaimed. So here he was. So far, he didn’t really regret it. The man who lead the group, he’d introduced himself as Sam Wilson, was charismatic but also very empathetic. It was clear he’d been in the same place as most of them at least and he didn’t shy away from the hard feelings. He was as quick to admit when he lost sleep or was triggered by something as anyone could hope to be, and when anyone spoke he listened. 100% of his focus was on that person, and there was something about it, that absolute devotion to being there, in the moment, had everyone else responding in kind. It wasn’t really what Harry had expected. Not that he was unhappy with the information, but he’d expected something a little less - real. He supposed. Tangible. In a darkly lit room, not one filled with windows and sunlight. It was nice, really. It was nicer when nobody even so much as glanced at him twice - nobody forced him to speak. For now, it was nice just being in a room with people he could feel some camaraderie with without them wanting to drag the details of how he’d killed the Dark Lord from him. How he’d saved the day - without a single mention of what had felt like oceans of people laying dead in the rubble. He didn’t speak during the meeting, though when Sam had looked his way, offering, and easily accepted the minute shake of his head, he felt even more comfortable. He was pretty sure he’d come back to this group - and he thought, at this rate, he might even end up feeling comfortable enough to speak up. He realized, wryly, that his accent was what would draw the most attention. He was grabbing a cup of the steeped water these people called tea, and a cookie, basking a little longer in the comfortable atmosphere, when someone approached him. He noticed them a moment too late and flinched back before they could even consider reaching out to offer a hand, and he turned to see Sam, no pity in his gaze as he slid his hands into his pockets, an easy practiced gesture that also made him less dangerous because you can’t attack someone if your hands are away. “Sorry, should’ve announced myself.” Sam apologized easily, and Harry blinked at him, surprised. Nobody had ever apologized for that before. “It’s uh - it’s alright, thanks.” And to avoid embarrassing himself any further he took a large sip of his tea. He immediately grimaced. It was foul. Sam grinned at his reaction, and Harry offered a sheepish smile. “I’m not a big fan of tea to begin with.” He admitted. “But at least back home it doesn’t taste like this.” He grimaced again, setting the cup down to nibble on the cookie instead.“Can’t say I’m a big tea drinker myself.” Sam agreed amiably. “I just wanted to come say hi. Haven’t seen you around before and I like to get to know
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Sam Wilson (Marvel)

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
soul mark appears through touch
wherever you touched
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Hermione Granger is a Good Friend
Ron Weasley is a Good Friend
protective friends
PTSD
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
Sam is a secret Disney Prince let's be honest
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Sam Wilson (Marvel)

