Chapter 1





Chapter Text

They touched down just before dawn at JFK on a commercial flight and rose bleary eyed from their seats. Steve had to wait until Sam got up and stepped out into the aisle to shift over clumsily and follow him. He hunched over as soon as he got to the aisle in an effort to avoid banging his head on the overhead compartment like he did when they boarded. 
 
The five of them were the last on board having waited until everyone else dispersed to keep their heads down as much as possible. It wasn't required but clearly necessary if they wanted to get out of the airport without being recognized. For how the Accords blew up two years ago, Steve would have thought their return would be more of an affair. At least he thought T’Challa would have sent them back on one of his jets but the King had explained that this would be better. Steve secretly thought the man had just been glad to be rid of them. They had already set the date of their return for three days after today to fake out the press and no one would be expecting them on a commercial flight  under fake identities anyway. As far as anyone knew they were SI employees on their way home from a business trip to Brussels. Hence the nonexistent fanfare. 
 
They had their fair share of supporters, sure. It was still best to err on the side of caution not knowing which would find them first. 
 
So one by one they stretched briefly, grabbed their bags and trudged forward to the exit. The tunnel from the plane prevented them from getting their first on the ground look of home in close to 3 years. Soon, he reminded himself. 
 
Steve sighed and kept moving through the crowds until they reached their driver holding up a rather unremarkable sign stating “Stark Industries”. It's not Happy that greets them though. Some other bland looking employee that they don’t know was in his place nodding his head in the direction of a black van with tinted windows and off they go. Wanda easily fell back asleep while everyone else couldn’t seem to stay still. Scott and Clint were both made aware that their families now reside at the compound and have been since Ross came for them in a bid for intel they didn't have. He understood the nervousness in them and even the alternating anger from Clint. 
 
The archer's jaw ticked every few minutes or so as if remembering something unpleasant. Scott simply clutched the stuffed elephant he’d procured in Wakanda for his daughter in his hands. Long fingers flexed over the soft material in a rhythm Steve couldn’t catch. Sam just stared out of the window dark eyes drinking in their first up close glimpse of the landscape leading to the compound in years. It didn’t seem to matter that it wasn’t even his native D.C. Upstate New York was close enough. At least it was to Steve. He wouldn’t lie. It was a relief to finally be welcomed back home. The Alpha sighed and shifted in his seat. His knee bounced nervously. Their itinerary that was sent along with their travel paperwork had been clear. 
 
Arrival Time--5:45 A.M. 
 
Arrival at Avengers Compound--7:50 A.M. 
 
Compound Tour with TBD--8:30 A.M.

Orientation with Captain Marvel--9:00 A.M.
 
They were to be given 48 hours to settle in properly and for Scott and Clint to reunite with their families before they would officially meet the new recruits Tony had added to the roster in their absence. In a little over 48 hours he would see Tony again. They had already been informed that the omega was otherwise occupied for the next few days with SI business or he would be meeting them earlier. 
 
To say Steve was eager would be an understatement. He knew the moment he’d dropped his shield and walked away leaving Tony alone in that bunker something had broken between them. Something that could be fixed, he was sure, but still broken nonetheless. It was in the omega’s eyes from the moment he asked Steve if he knew what Bucky had done. That sad resignation and the building rage behind it. That look had haunted Steve many a night during their forced exile. Being Tony’s un official secondary Alpha meant they didn’t have a bond to sever. 
 
Steve hadn’t exactly been looking for one and he knew Jim wasn’t interested in it for some reason and legally he had the final say.  Steve just thought he had an aversion to the practice even though it was common, even back in his day, for military families to have not only secondary Alphas (temporarily) but secondary bonds. Tony only had to broach the topic with him once before Jim made his feelings known and the omega had dropped it right there. He still allowed their relationship to continue. There was a certain logistical sense to it that made secondary Alphas or even a beta necessary in their situation. Tony didn’t like riding out heats alone and with his hormone imbalance caused by the arc reactor his heats were irregular and sometimes longer than usual.
 
It was a perfect fit. Jim never had to feel guilty for being on mission when one of Tony’s heats 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Explicit Sexual Content
Knotting
Angst
Desperate times call for really dumb actions
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Captain Marvel Compliant-ish?
It just doesn't really speak to what happened in the movie nor does it speak to where she's been
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Alpha Stephen Strange
Protective Stephen Strange
Salty Rhodey is Salty
SupremeIronFamily
? - Freeform
Break Up
Post-Break Up

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Stephen Strange

