Chapter 1: The Phone Call
    




Chapter Text
Tony was pretty sure that Manhattan would go down in history as “Worst Fucking Day Ever”.
After flying into space with a nuclear missile on his back, falling to earth, waking to the Hulk’s roar, manhandling Loki and watching Thor devour an entire restaurant’s worth of shawarma, it sure as hell felt like it to him.
And to top it all off, Pepper had called and immediately broke up with him, citing his “extreme suicidal tendencies” as reason. As if he had been the one to launch a missile at New York.
Now, three months later, Tony had effectively managed to throw himself entirely into his work. Effective by his standards. At least somewhat.
He wasn’t dead from alcohol poisoning or starvation, so that was a start.
“Tony, it’s been three days since I even saw you. I don’t even want to know when the last time you slept was.” Bruce called from the door to the workshop. Tony continued his scans on the latest armor and swiveled around to face his newest roommate. Bruce had showed up two weeks after the attack claiming that he needed to borrow Tony’s computer system and had never really left. Two and a half days later an entire suite had been built, complete with a padded room designed to contain a herd of rhinos or one very angry Hulk. Tony considered it one of his prouder achievements.
“JARVIS, inform the good doctor when the last time I slept was,” Tony gestured vaguely towards the ceiling and swiveled back around to face his work.
“It has been exactly 49 hours since you last slept, sir, for a total of 3 hours and 17 minutes. You ate half a banana and drank three glasses of scotch afterwards.” Tony was pretty sure that if AIs could emote, JARVIS would be oozing a mix of sarcasm and contempt.
“See? I’m nourished and everything.”
“Tony, you need sleep. And food. And basic hygiene.” Bruce sat down next to him and leaned against the table. “I know it’s been hard since Pepper and you… well, you know…”
“Since she waved goodbye and left for Malibu to run my company?” Tony offered.
“Whatever you want to call it, sure, but you have to take care of yourself. If you want to keep inventing and being Iron Man, you have to find a balance or you’re going to run yourself to the ground.”
“Fine, I can take a hint. But I'm not cooking.” With a groan, Tony pushed himself up and ushered Bruce towards the elevator.
“I took the liberty of ordering Thai food,” Bruce replied.
“That’s why you’re my favorite.”
The elevator dinged for the top floor and Tony and Bruce entered the newly complete penthouse, following the smell of noodles. Tony collapsed on one of the sofas and an exhausted sigh rushed from his lips without warning.
“I said you needed a break,” Bruce said as he pushed a carton into Tony’s hands. Tony muttered something that could have been considered a comeback 16 hours ago and dug into the food with a groan of pure ecstasy.
Several hours later there were four different empty cartons strewn around the suite and Tony was lounging on the sofa, staring at the ceiling. Bruce had gone to bed after forcing Tony to promise the same—he really had planned on sleeping, but there were a million ideas rattling in his head refusing him any rest—and the city outside was annoyingly bright and restlessly bustling.
From somewhere in the apartment, a phone buzzed loudly. It had been doing that for a while now but Tony couldn’t find the motivation to answer it. Now, he rolled over and stumbled off the couch and to his feet. “JARVIS, locate my phone. It’s gotta be around here somewhere, damnit…” he muttered.
“Your cell phone is currently on the counter in the kitchen, sir. As it has been for the past two hours.”
“One of these days I’m gonna totally rewire you, hear me?”
He grabbed for his phone and pressed at the buttons until it stopped buzzing. “Do you have any idea what time it is right now?” he groaned into it, not bothering with any greeting.
“Um… it’s 10 am? Sir?” Huh. No wonder the sun was bothering him.
“Who is this?” he asked, turning to the coffee pot and pressing buttons. Might as well get a head start on the day.

“You probably don’t know me, but my name is May Parker. I… I have something I need to tell you, Mr. Stark.”

“Whatever it is, can it wait for a few hours?”

“I’m sorry, sir, but I really need to tell you this now. There’s… there’s someone you need to meet.”

“And who is that exactly?”

“It’s… your son.”


--------------------


After a very minor panic attack (“No, it really wasn’t minor” “Shut up Bruce, I’ve had worse panic attacks in my sleep”) and four cups of coffee, Tony managed to redial the number saved on his phone and have a halfway- sane conversation with the woman (Meg? Mabel?). Apparently her husband’s brother had a wife who had a kid that wasn’t biologically his (or something along that line, Tony had sort of glazed over that part), and no one had really known who the father was because she had refused to talk. In fact, they probably wouldn’t have known for years, exce
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superhusbands
Tony is an awesome dad
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Tony Feels
Kid Fic
Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Domestic Fluff
Peter Feels
Getting Together
kid!Peter
Fury is kind of a dick
Protective Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe
Fluff
Family Fluff
Humor
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

