Chapter 1



Notes:
This started out with no incest. But then, my brain just started chanting 'BioDad Tony, BioDad Tony,' and I caved. There's just so much more dynamic and dilemma this way. I feel like I should say this anyway -- if you don't like incest, now is the time to turn back. You're not gonna find any mental peace here. Consider yourself warned <3 <3For those of you who are here for the hell-party, I hope you enjoy!!(Lyrics are a vague translation from Lemon Incest by Serge and Charlotte Gainsbourg)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Harley and Peter are vastly different entities, Tony always thinks. Different as brothers, different as twins, different as a troublesome pair of college freshmen. (Or, they’re vastly different problems, Tony’s brain helpfully supplies.) Which is a healthy thing to recognize, considering how he raised them with the utmost dedication.Oh, and how he’s balls-deep in one of them at the moment.“Is that all you’ve got, old man?” Harley goads, a lock of sweaty hair plastered to his forehead and lips stretched in a downright evil smirk. Brat. “You gonna fuck me harder, or am I gonna have to find someone else to finish the job?”“You’re such a little asshole,” Tony grunts out as he shifts his position one degree and hastens the rut of his hips, slamming in and out of his son with increased precision. “When did you become such a menace?” Satisfaction swells in Tony when Harley’s smirk drops just for a second as a wrecked, hoarse moan falls from his lips. “You like that, baby? You can talk all the shit you want, but nobody will ever fuck you like this, will they? Not your other old men with their thin wallets and out-of-season suits. Nobody knows you as well as I do. Nobody knows what makes you tick more than I do.”Nobody has loved you unconditionally as I do.(He doesn’t say that part often, anymore. That’s the thing about him and Harley. They fuck like maniacs, and they do love each other -- deeply, profoundly, from the bottoms of their wells of defense mechanisms -- but they never say it in their day-to-day lives. Their mutual language is emotional constipation.)“Isn’t that your favorite part about me?” Harley taunts, even as Tony’s renewed vigor and sharper angle breaks Harley out in a fresh sheen of sweat and glazes his eyes in a way which indicates that he’s just short of gone. “My tight little asshole? Don’t you love fucking me loose and sloppy like the old pervert that you are? Filling your son to the brim with your cum? Watching it drip out of me? Licking it up like the dog that you are?”With Harley, it’s always a game of pushing the younger boy past the brink, into a daze where he loses his ability to be a dick. Tony loves taming his boy like this. He lives for it. With both of his hands, Tony roughly hikes Harley’s ass further off the mattress so he can hold his son in place as he pounds away with a steady rhythm he knows will drive his darling boy to the edge and keep him suspended there. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Harley pants out, lips stretching in an open-mouthed smile. Both of his hands fall to the sides to grip at the bedsheets in overwhelming ecstasy, and he slides his crossed legs further up the small of Tony’s back, so he’s split even wider along the girth of Tony’s cock as it nails Harley’s prostate with brutal efficiency. “Fuck yes, right there, that angle -- " and he abhorrently, revoltingly drags out his words: "-- fuck meeee.”There’s something to be said for how lewd and unapologetically obscene Harley can be -- obnoxious and shameless and downright demanding. It’s easy. The kid has always been a brat and needy as hell from when he was a little tyke; this is just one more facet of that, and it’s hot as hell.(Not at all like soft, sweet Peter, Tony knows. They’re two equally filthy ends of a delicious spectrum that Tony’s lizard brain thinks about far too often -- salt and sugar. And getting to fuck salty, snarky Harley on the reg? Tony will take what he can get, even if it’s half of what he yearns for.)“I’m so fucking close,” Harley hisses, releasing the sheets to grip tightly at Tony’s shoulders, nails digging into skin. “Yes, fuck yes. Like that, just like that. God, your fat cock feels so good filling me up. C’mon, c’mon, make me cum.”Happily, Tony will admit that he loves pushing Harley to the point of dropping all pride and pretense to beg. It’s such a pretty sound, such a pretty sight. Such a pleasant satisfaction, a heady rush of power. Harley’s been a rebel for so long -- always testing Tony’s boundaries and then blazing right past; putting his menace of a son back in his place satisfies Tony on too many dark levels that he avoids analyzing.“That depends,” Tony murmurs, sitting back to watch as the boy starts to writhe in wanton, undiluted desperation, face flushing a deep red and nose crinkling with effort as he starts to try and work himself on Tony’s cock, seeking that magic rhythm which will finall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Sibling Incest
First Time
well it's peter's first time
Harley and Peter are Twins
Moral Dilemmas
Smut
harley and peter are 18+
Voyeurism
but it's consensual
Snowballing
Feminization
Breeding Kink
Dirty Talk
Threesome - M/M/M
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Felching
One (1) Powerpuff Girls Reference?
Emotional Sex

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

