Chapter 1: Just One Snap
    




Chapter Text
 It’s impressive how all it takes for everything to change is one event, one second, one snap. One snap and Tony Stark’s entire world collapses in on itself. Everything and everyone he knew was just gone. His darkest fears became reality. His nightmares came true. And in just one snap and its fixed. Its almost hard to believe that everything returned to the way it was, almost as if nothing had ever happened. No, it is because nothing had ever happened. All it took was one snap.Tony easily recognized the room he was in, it was his room in the compound… his compound. His home. He felt sharp tears threaten to fall, so he closed his eyes painfully. He took a moment before opening his eyes again. He looked down at himself, he was wearing a suit. He was probably getting ready to go to some formal event. He then noticed he still had the infinity Gauntlet on his arm, with all six Infinity Stones still attached.He grimaced, uncertain as to what to do. He definitely couldn’t leave it around someplace, even if it was the safest place on Earth. What if there was some alien threat that managed to take it? He at least knew where he could store the time stone and the mind stone. He’s sure the sour faced magician he met would be more than willing to take the time stone off his hand, and Vision would probably want the mind stone back. Now that he thought about it, he wasn’t quite sure Vision even existed right now. He didn’t really know when in time he was, it could honestly be anywhere from before even Iron Man to maybe right after the events in Siberia.“This universe will remain the same up until Thanos reaches the first infinity stone, at that point he ceases to exist, and life goes on.” That was his wish, it was what he thought would be his dying wish considering the hole he had in his stomach. Now it was like that was nothing more than a bad dream, but he knew better than that. It was a really simple wish, but still effective. It was a comfort to see that it worked. Tony took in a deep breath.“JARVIS?” He asked, tentatively. If he was still in the JARVIS timeline, then it meant ULTRON never happened. It meant the Avengers might have never happened either. Tony felt perfectly content with that. They were doomed to fail anyways. It also meant Tony had his dear friend back, he loved FRIDAY with all of his heart, but no one could replace JARVIS. Well, no one could replace FRIDAY either.“Boss?” FRIDAY’s gentle Irish voice asked him. “Is everything alright?”“Yes, it’s all fine and dandy.” Tony sighed. FRIDAY meant ULTRON did happen, which means the Accords might have happened or, maybe worse, might happen in the future. A groan escaped his lips, he really didn’t want to relive those events. “Tell me what day it is?”“February 23rd, 2016.” FRIDAY supplied. Tony nodded, making calculations in his head. That means that the accords have yet to happen, which means Germany has yet to happen. Siberia has yet to happen. Tony felt a rise of panic fill his veins. “Is everything alright?” FRIDAY asked again, concerned. Tony took a deep, shaky breath.“Everything is fine FRI. It just means I can avoid a shit show.” He started thinking. Was there anything he could do to avoid another Germany? It was a bit sad how the answer came almost immediately. “James Barnes.” He sighed.“The Winter Soldier?” FRIDAY asked, curiously. “He is a HYDRA agent that has been responsible for many assassinations and has been missing since SHIELD’s downfall. Do you require further information on him?”“No, that’s all I’ll need FRI. Thank you.” He shook his head. “I want you to monitor as many cameras as you can get access to, especially in Germany. If any individual has an 85% or higher facial match to that of James Barnes I want you to let me know about it immediately.”“Sure thing, boss.” Tony smiled gratefully.“What was I doing before this FRI?” He asked.“You were thinking of ways to ‘woo Pepper into dating you again’.” Tony couldn’t help but laugh. This felt like it had happened ages ago, mostly because for him it did. He remembered wanting to dedicate his entire life to Pepper, to being with Pepper. This time, however, Tony knew better. It was a stupid dream that wasn’t meant to be. To be with Pepper meant to abandon Iron Man, and he couldn’t do that no matter how hard he tried. “Boss?”“Do I have any meetings today? Or anything notable?” He asked, already trying to figure out how the hell he could get rid of the stones in a way that no one would be able to use them ever again.“You are scheduled to attend a charity gala in an hour. I suggest you leave in five minutes if you wish to make it in time.” FRIDAY supplied.“Cancel that, and also any meetings I have for tomorrow.” He told her, already undoing the tie around his neck. “I’ve got some things I need to resolve first. Oh, and make sure I donate at least a couple of thousands.”“Will do.”He gingerly took off the gauntlet, almost afraid that if he was no longer wear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Winter Soldier & Steve Rogers
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Time Travel
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn
Fluff and Angst
Light Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Friday is awesome
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Protective Stephen Strange
Insecure Stephen Strange
stephen has issues

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Winter Soldier & Steve Rogers
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

