Work Text:

chris evans:
 


 Chris is always loving in bed but the rare times he does get rough he loves to spank you. Chris loves the cherry shade of red your ass turns and he loves more than anything when he gets to show one of your body parts he loves the most the attention it deserves. Chris is an ass man so he takes every chance he can get to spank you even at random times when the two of you are kissing, he’ll do anything to get his hands on you. 
sebastian stan:
 


 Seb’s a simple guy and loves nothing more than to have you bent over his knee and at his mercy. He can be gentle when he wants to but he loves to be rough with you. Sebastian loves it when you’re stripped down to the expensive underwear he insists on buying you and your hair loose and down. Sebastian likes complete control, your hands are tied up and he pulls your hair into a makeshift ponytail as he strikes you multiple times holding back groans at the sound of you moaning and whimpering his name.
chris hemsworth:
 


 Chris is a secret control freak and you know that better than anybody else. Whenever you go down on him he loves nothing more to hold you up by your hair pushing you down onto his cock as his hands massage the soon to be sore flesh of your ass before he inevitably strikes you. Chris loves to spank you and takes pride in seeing the imprint of his fingers on your flesh as you work your tongue along his pulsing cock.
tom holland:
 


 Tom is the definition of a lover boy and would never dream of hurting you but there’s just something about when he spanks you that makes his cock ooze with precome. Maybe it’s the way you moan his name in desperation and lust or maybe it’s the way your ass changes colour the moment his hands touch your flesh. Or maybe it’s the sight of wetness dripping from your pussy as he does so but all Tom knows is that he would do anything for the chance to spank you.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Chris Evans x reader - Relationship
Sebastian Stan x reader
Chris hemsworth x reader
Tom Holland x Reader - Relationship

freeform: 
NSFW
Sex
Spanking
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Smut

fandom: 
Chris Evans x reader - Relationship
Sebastian Stan x reader
Chris hemsworth x reader
Tom Holland x Reader - Relationship

