Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sometimes when you stand on the ground and prepare to jump, you think about how it will feel to launch yourself into the air.  You think about that split second when you’ll be free and suspended.  Then you jump, and it’s over too quickly before you can register and relish that freedom.  You’re back on the ground. As Bucky falls from the train, tumbling over and over (ground, sky, ground, sky, ground, sky) he thinks about that elusive feeling of suspension.  Always chased and never caught.  He’s surrounding by air on every side now, and part of his brain tries to relax so that he can feel what it’s like to fly. Unfortunately, the rest of his brain thinks it has something to gain by kicking his legs and reaching for handholds even though there are none.  There’s nothing but the train tracks above and the gorge below. Also, he’s screaming, he thinks.  Yeah, he’s definitely screaming. He can’t even control the way he falls, just feet over head over feet, again and again, and then suddenly he sees an outcropping of ice-covered rocks reaching out of the mountain for him.  He reaches back, but he’s too far away. He continues to fall, and the small part of his brain that knows what’s happening to him (versus the panicking part of his brain and the part that’s still looking for solutions and hand-holds) sees that the ground looks much closer than it did a second ago. “Hail Mary, full of grace.”  He tries to force his screaming mouth into the shapes of the familiar words, but they garble and distort what he wants to say.  It doesn’t matter anyway; it’s not like he’s going to redeem himself in the last seconds (minutes?  How long has it been since he fell off the train?) of his life.  Not after all the blood he’s spilled.  He shifts his thoughts to what he actually wants on his lips as he dies. “Steve!” he shrieks.  Then everything goes black.  Bucky lifts his eyelids and sees white through the dark of his lashes.  Every bone, every muscle, every drop of blood feels like it’s burning.  He closes his eyes.  Bucky lifts his eyelids and sees white through the dark of his lashes.  His lashes are covered in ice.  He feels frozen to the core, but it’s quelled the burning.  He’s so cold; he feels like the very breath is frozen solid in his lungs.  His arm hurts, despite the ice blanket.  He closes his eyes.  Bucky lifts his eyelids and sees darkness.  He blinks several times, his eyes dry and stiff and feeling like he’s crying rivers of ice.  It takes him a while to focus, and when he does, he sees stars above him. He doesn’t know where he is or what’s happening to him. “Ste?” he gasps, his throat raw and bone-dry.  It focuses him.  Steve.  Where is Steve?  Bucky has to get to Steve, and then Steve will take care of whatever needs to be fixed.  Steve will carry Bucky back to Allied forces on his back if he has to – he’s practically done it before.  He focuses his energies on sitting up, but his back feels like it’s been crushed, and his head isn’t much better.  He tries to use his arms for leverage, and discovers that he can nudge the right one in the snow.  The left one isn’t responding. Slowly, he turns his neck, splitting pains shooting through his body, and sees something on top of his arm.  It looks like there’s been a rockslide since Bucky’s fallen, and his whole body is covered in iced-over stones and slate.  His left arm, in particular, is crushed underneath the weight of a huge boulder. He tries to move it again, and he thinks he feels the bone scrape directly against rock.  The sensation makes him choke, and he feels his throat open up and sputter vomit on his chin. It’s warm. Bucky closes his eyes and prays for death. Bucky opens his eyes again when he feels his something pulling his hair.  He sees a swarm of people dressed head-to-toe in black all around him, masks making it impossible to tell if they’re staring at him or looking around the bleak landscape. He hears voices, not in any language he recognizes, but he’s not even able to follow the cadence of the conversation.  He’s numb and splitting from the pain at the same time.  He feels the pull at his hair again, and he realizes that he’s being lifted off the ground.  His hair, which Steve’s been after him to trim for weeks now, is frozen to the tundra. He moves his mouth, but his jaw doesn’t cooperate.  He tries to talk, and he hears an undignified whine slide through his lips.  The voices hush and then pick up again.  As he wakes up more, he starts to interpret tone; these people are anxious.  They’re all men.  And none of them are happy. The world in front of his vision changes and moves, and he only becomes aware that his body has been placed on some sort of platform several feet above the ground when the world stops moving and his view is different from before. The platform starts to move, propelled by several black figures, and Bucky sees that the boulders and rocks and snow have been pushed aside, leaving a bloody outline of a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Torture
Attempted Suicide
Dissociative Identity Disorder
mental illness written by someone without a psych degree
Stucky Eventually
Brief heterosexual interlude
Original characters who aren't wholly original
Playing loose with historical events
Events of CATWS
Practically canon-compliant
Negative self-image of mental illness

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

