Chapter 1: The Incident
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter does not like parties. It’s not that he didn’t try to like them, but he doesn’t. It’s too loud and crowded and all the sweaty bodies of strangers cramped together, most (if not all) of them intoxicated or under some type of substance influence, make him nervous and uncomfortable. Toss in that he usually doesn’t like the music they play, feels awkward trying to dance, doesn’t enjoy alcohol and almost always spends most of the night trying to keep pushy, drunk college kids out of his pants; and there’s not much of a reason for him to attend. Except that Ned really, really wanted him to go tonight. Because unlike Peter, Ned came out of his shell in college and actually enjoys being swallowed up in the crowd. He told Peter once that it feels like getting lost, in a good way, and it helps him relax. Helps him stop thinking about school and life and problems and just dance to shitty pop and flirt with people who actually flirt back. And the girl Ned likes (read: drools over) is at this party. Ned had to go, and he desperately needed a wingman. “It’ll be fun” he’d said. Well. Peter isn’t having fun. Ned disappeared a long time ago, but Peter doesn’t blame him. There’s spin the bottle and tequila and the girl of his dreams somewhere in this frat house, so Peter wishes him luck, wherever he is, and tries to make himself invisible by the snack table. “Hey Parker! Never thought I’d see you here,” someone says behind him, and then a large hand is slapping his shoulder and Peter turns to see-- Wade. Fuckin’ Wade Wilson. Don’t get him wrong; Peter likes the guy. Beneath his crude language and dark humour and terrifying apathetic attitude about ‘living life to the fullest’, Wade is a really good, kind, loyal guy. It’s just that there’s a lot of crude language and dark humour and terrifying apathetic attitude to him, and it’s often overwhelming. Even more so when Peter thinks he’s getting hearing damage and no matter where he goes in this house, something smells like cigarettes and sweat. “Yeah, I don’t usually come to these things.” Peter admits, pouring himself some punch. Is there alcohol in this? He doesn't think so, he had some before. It’s incredibly sweet, but doesn’t have the pang of liquor, so he’s assuming its safe. He’s thirsty and anxious and the water in this building tastes like pure lead. The faucet’s broken now, anyways. Some guys trying to tackle each other to the ground or something, Peter didn’t see it happen. Wade smiles wide at him. It’s reassuring, if Peter’s honest. As psychotic as the senior is, he’s a really good person and knows how to make Peter laugh (without making his usual death or sex jokes). “Well I’m glad you’re here, I’ve been meaning to talk to you, actually,” Wade says. Peter cocks an eyebrow and takes a sip from his plastic cup. The liquid inside is bright pink and… is that glitter? He doesn’t know, but it goes down fizzy. “Really? What about?” He asks. Wade leans against the snack table, body facing the crowd but turning his head to Peter. “Don’t take me for a buzz-kill, but; your apartment. The building you live at. You mentioned before that it’s cheap and I was wondering exactly how cheap, because I’m graduating next semester and I’m gonna need a place to live.” He explains. That’s right, Peter thinks. Wade lives in the dorms now. A fact that Wilson’s prank horror stories have made the younger man familiar with. He takes another sip of his punch. It’s really good, actually. He feels like he’s relaxing, but that’s probably from being in Wade’s comfortingly casual presence. “Yeah, yeah sure. Um, lemme think. Last month’s rent was… eight hundred? But my landlord gives me a huge discount because he was friends with my aunt and uncle and stuff. It's still cheap, but I think it's more like twelve hundred or something for other residents. The building includes utilities, though, so that was all my living expenses other than, like, food and stuff.” Peter says, glancing at Wade. The man nods his head, lopsided grin flashing, and takes a brownie off the table. Peter’s pretty sure there’s marijuana in it. “Sick, man. That’s awesome,” Wade laughs, popping the entire brownie into his mouth. Peter nods, finishing his punch. He didn’t realize he was drinking it so fast, and pours himself some more. “Mhm, and it’s quality too. Not like, super nice, but it's not a crappy place. For eight hundred a month, it’s not bad at all.” He comments, and man, he really likes this juice, whatever the hell it is. It feels nice in his stomach and he has the faintest notion that there should be warning bells in his head, because things are kinda foggy and silly and he feels light and clouded, but he embraces the relaxation. He had no idea he was so tense before now. Wade’s been watching him for a while, apparently, before cocking his head at him, narrowing his eyes. “You really like that stuff,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
College Student Peter Parker
Underage Drinking
because Peter's technically not old enough for that
Age Difference
but it's not huge
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Sharing a Bed
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Light Dom/sub
Dom Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Peter Parker
Loss of Virginity
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Crying During Sex
Orgasm Control
Multiple Orgasms
Praise Kink
Pet Names
Aftercare
Don't copy to another site
Without permission
Уточнять у автора

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

