Work Text:
Tony Stark was known by humans as a genius son of Howard Stark. What they didn’t know was that Tony Stark had become the Merchant of Death long before humans gave him the title. He was just a child when a kidnapping had resulted in his death. That was the day he met the Mistress Death, the day the Mistress fell in love with the mortal child and took him under her wing as her own. From the day she returned him to the realm of the living, her love fell over him in a protective blanket, keeping him from all harm. In returned he served her whole heartedly, sending her gifts to show his love for his protector. 1 Ten Rings Tony woke up not sure where he was. Frowning he looked down at his chest wrapped in bandages. Confused he ripped away the bandages to find what was causing him pain. Looking to the side he found a battery connected to the thing in his chest. When he moved to grab it a voice stopped him. The man explained what had happened, showed him the shards of metal that was removed from his chest. When the metal doors were being opened the man told him to do as he did. The men who entered held Tony’s guns, he didn’t sell to terrorists. As they spoke Tony could understand them perfectly, a gift from his Mistress. Hearing the words, letting them wash over him, his heart grew cold and when they waited for an answer, he gave one that made no sense to them.“Mistress, your Merchant asks your favor.”While the group looked confused, Mistress Death appeared behind him.“You have it always.” He heard her voice in his head as he stood.The men couldn’t see her but they raised their guns when they saw him standing. The magnet in his chest vanished and his chest repaired itself as a blue glow took its place, a seal of protection granted to him by his Mistress. A cold look in his eyes and a chilling smile on his face he held out his hand, a blade as dark as the deepest void appeared in his hand. Their bullets did nothing; his blade claimed them all for his Mistress. When he reached the mouth of the cave he found the Ten Ring’s leader.“What are you?” He asked when his attempts to stop Tony failed.“You already know, I’m the Merchant of Death.” A quick twist and the man’s neck snapped and Tony dropped his limp form to the ground.His blade claimed all the others standing outside. When nothing but corpses remained of the terrorists Tony returned for the doctor. Holding out his hand covered in blood of his gifts to his Mistress the doctor hesitated.“Let’s go, freedom awaits.”The doctor, Yinsen he learned his name, took his hand and followed him. A short trek through the desert came to an end as Rhodey found them not long after. Yinsen said nothing of their escape, unable to even consider the military officials believing his tale.As the two parted with Tony returning to the states he sent a quick smile to Yinsen and winked at him. No matter the end of making weapons soon revealed, Yinsen knew the Merchant of Death still walked the earth. ~ 2 Obadiah Stane Obadiah was in his office trying to figure out a different way to dispose of Tony Stark without it linking back to him when the office suddenly turned dark. It was the middle of the day so he turned to look towards the windows to see what happened. Instead all he found was darkness. A chilling chuckle echoed through the darkness making him reach into his desk for the gun that lay in the drawer.“Now Obie, you wouldn’t happen to be looking for your gun would you?”Obadiah knew that voice, even with the icy tone there was no mistaking the voice of Tony Stark.“Tony, you’re supposed to be laying low remember?” He tried to speak calmly but whatever was going on it wasn’t natural.“Yes, laying low. As far as anyone’s concerned I’m at home in Malibu. When they find your body I’ll be the first suspect of course but I’ll have been nowhere near the office. In fact they’ll find no phone records or emails that suggested I ordered a hit. You see, when I plan to commit murder, I get away with it.”“Now Tony, I don’t know what you’re talking about. You’ve had a rough experience, traumatic even.”“Oh don’t keep lying to me Obie, you and I both know your greed got the better of you. Really I commend you on the interesting attempt but I feel like our partnership just isn’t working out anymore. A word of advice though, you know when you get to Hel, don’t try and plead uselessly with my Mistress. She’ll appreciate it far less than I will.”“What? Mistress? What are you talking about Tony?”Another chilling chuckle.“It’s Merchant actually, Merchant of Death. Tony Stark is dead, has been for a long time.” A shot rang out, unheard outside the office.Later when Agent Coulson reveals Stane’s murder Tony will act heartbroken for his poor dead godfather. The murder remains a cold case. ~ 3 Loki When Tony met Loki it was in front of Steve Rogers, America’s golden child. He sensed something wasn’t right with the trickster but he didn’t bring it up or approach him alone just yet. Only when the trickster 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Death (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Character Death
Humor
Murder
BAMF Tony Stark
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Does What He Wants

fandom: 
Death (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki & Tony Stark

