Chapter 1: Y'all Gonna Let Me In?
    




Chapter Text
The Avengers Watch Captain Marvel (2019)CHAPTER 1: That’s Some Pager“Natasha, Cap, the thing is doing something,” Bruce exclaimed from the other room.            Natasha, James, and Steve hurried into the room that housed Fury’s mysterious communicator. There was a holographic projection directed onto the opposite wall originating from the device. New controls appeared on it similar to those old VHS remotes, denoting stop, pause and directional buttons.            “Hey guys, what’s going on?” Scott asked as he came into the room holding his daughter Cassie, who had fallen asleep on his shoulder. Even though she was a little too old for that to be normal, she had seen her mom and step dad turn to ash, and then fended for herself for a few weeks before Scott found a way to return from the Quantum Realm.            The device’s projection took shape and there were gasps heard around the room. The projection on the wall worked like they were watching a movie, but what they were seeing beggared belief. They were looking at an office room with an old computer sitting on the desk. Off to the side, there was an honest to God cat bed, complete with a ginger cat who’s simple nametag read ‘Goose’.But that wasn’t why the Avengers were suddenly breathless, it was the man who was looking back at them. It was Nicholas Joseph Fury as none of them had seen him. He wore a haphazard silver eye patch held to his face using a single piece of scotch tape. He was wearing a white collared shirt with dual under arm holsters, which housed his standard issue 9mm.But that wasn’t what drew the gasps. This Fury was at least twenty years younger than the one they all recognized from the last time they’d seen him on the Barton farm.After pacing back and forth a couple times, Young Fury looked into the camera, “Well, hello there. If anybody is actually watching this, that means that something terrible has happened. Reason one, I activated the pager in the first place to summon Earth’s one-woman security force; and reason two, the Captain hasn’t arrived a week after I hit the button. Either she’s dead, or simply too far away to have gotten the signal or more likely arrive in time. Or maybe I really was too stingy with what I quantified as an emergency situation,” he said with air-quotes.The Avengers had so many questions, and while Fury looked like he was pondering what to say next, Cap shouted, “Thor, Valkyrie, get in here!” and then he muttered, “Who’s ‘the Captain’? It’s not me, that’s for sure.”He looked to Natasha and she nodded her ascent, “You didn’t show up until way after this. I’m not sure who he’s talking about either.”The two Asgardians entered the room alert, but calmed down when they realised they weren’t under threat. Valkyrie had followed Thor to Earth after the Decimation, she somehow managed to get the survivors of their race in contact with a group of rather friendly Skrulls, who were eager to help a group of fellow refugees.Cassie woke up when Thor set Stormbreaker on one of the metal chairs, causing a slight screech. “Daddy, what’s going on?” she mumbled.“I’m not sure, but I think it’s gonna be interesting,” Scott replied with a cheeky grin. That was enough for the young girl to rouse herself from sleep.“Apologies little one,” Thor said deeply.“No worries,” Cassie replied a little shyly. It warmed everyone’s heart, just a little to see that there was still a little good left in the world. Even with a smile, all Natasha could think about was the Barton farm. They were all dead, and nobody was sure if Clint was among the living or not.Fury stopped pacing and turned back to the group assembled, “If the Captain hasn’t arrived yet, there was probably a secondary signal sent to her daughter. I’m assuming in the future, there will have been modifications made to this pager thingy so that she’ll be arriving shortly, that is if she already isn’t there. Then again, I’m talking about future contingencies that are hopefully unnecessary. However, after four alien, Kree Empire, Accuser ships appeared in orbit and fired an opening salvo of an orbital bombardment that would’ve extinguished basically all life on earth, you bet your ass I’m planning for contingencies nowadays.”Steve hit the pause button and turned to everyone else with a look of horror on his face. “Orbital bombardent! What the hell happened in the nineties?” Unfortunately another casualty of the Decimation was Captain America’s no swear rule. It just didn’t seem so important anymore. Nobody mentioned the change, though Natasha, Bruce, and James assumed it was a small nod to Tony, who nobody had a clue about these days.“There wasn’t one,” James said slowly.“Which probably means this ‘Captain’ of his stopped it,” Bruce finished the thought.The Valkyrie shifted in consternation, “He said they actually fired the warheads. Not ‘were about to,’ he said they ‘fired’. I’m trying to conceptualize the power necessary to stop 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau
Natasha Romanov/Monica Rambeau
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers

freeform: 
there's some femslash if you squint
it may get more dominant as things go on
BAMF Carol Danvers
BAMF Monica Rambeau
Monica has got herself some powers in this
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Yon-Rogg is a gaslighting bastard
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau
Natasha Romanov/Monica Rambeau
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers

