Work Text:
The boy is there again, lurking by the door to the lab as if this time will be any different. Maria says that he doesn't mean any harm, he's just curious, but Howard doesn't see the point in letting the omega in the lab. It's obvious he's too slow to understand him when he says no, so he definitely wouldn't get it if he told him to be a good boy and not touch anything. He'd probably break something or hurt himself, and then Howard would have to put up with Maria whining about her poor Tony.It's her fault, anyway. Starks have always been betas so the boy must have inherited some random gene from his mother that made him an omega. Useless thing, good for nothing but fucking and breeding, nothing like the heir he was trying to produce.Anthony Edward Stark was supposed to be his successor. A young, bright mind that Howard would nurture and encourage so that his son could one day take over the company and bring it to even higher successes and profits.Instead Tony's first involvement with the family fortune consisted on forcing his father to pay off a whole hospital's worth of people to contain the truth of the boy's nature. He is working with Maria to produce another child, a proper heir this time, but in the meantime he can't allow anybody to know that his firstborn is an omega. It would be a huge scandal and every alpha in the vicinity would try to take advantage of it.Howard huffs annoyed and pushes his current project to the side. He can't concentrate with the brat blatantly spying on him."What do you want, boy?" he barks."Wanna help you, Daddy."The timid squeaky voice only angers him further. No son of his should ever speak like that, specially not when they're trying to hide his nature from the world."You can't help me. Omegas are too stupid for the lab."The boy's lower lip starts trembling and big, fat tears begin rolling down his face. He looks disgraceful, like a whiny little bitch, and Howard won't stand for it."Come here, boy!"The omega hesitates for an instant before scuttling towards him. He curls into himself, head bent down and body shaking as he silently sobs.Howard grabs him by the waist and pulls him over his lap. He tugs the boy's pants down to bare his behind and proceeds to spank him."You will learn your lesson, omega," he announces loudly over the boy's cries of pain. "Your mother and the nannies are too soft with you, and dumb bitches like you are too stupid to learn anything that way.""Daddy!""No! I've had it! You have been told time and again that you can't bother me in the lab, and still you keep coming! It stops now!"The slaps of Howard's hand and the boy's screams echo through the room and probably out to the corridor, but the whole basement has been soundproofed and his employees know better than to intrude in family affairs."Daddy! Please, no!""You think you can tell me what to do?!"Howard hits him harder, ignoring the boy's pleas and desperate begging. The young flesh under his hand is cherry red by now, but he keeps spanking the omega. He needs to make sure that the lesson sticks.The boy soon tires himself out, hanging limp and quiet as he takes his punishment. Howard slaps his bottom a few more times just to be sure and only stops because his palm is tingling.He grabs his son's hips again and shifts him until the omega is sitting on his lap. The boy lets out a soft whine when his sore ass touches the scratchy fabric of Howard's trousers, but he decides to let it go for now.Tony is a mess. His face is even redder than his behind and it's covered in tears, snot, and drool. He looks far more disgraceful now and Howard despairs at the thought of anybody else ever witnessing his son behaving in such a shameful way."What have you learned?" he asks calmly."Th-that I c-can't b-bother you in th-the lab," comes the stuttered reply.The boy sounds breathless. He is panting, his lower jaw hanging open as if he was nothing more than a brainless beast. He is clearly upset, but that is no reason to act like an animal. It's disgusting.Howard can't stand the sight of the omega's open mouth, pink and red flesh glistening with his drool like a slutty, desperate cunt in need of a dick. It would surely be enough to give any alpha ideas."Omegas are too stupid for lab work," he says to the boy."Yes, Daddy," the boy answers meekly."You would only break important things or accidentally hurt yourself.""Yes, Daddy.""You cannot help me with the lab work.""Yes, Daddy.""But if you insist, you can help me with something else.""Ye- Really?"Tony's whole face shifts. He is suddenly cheerful, eyes sparkling and mouth twisted into a happy smile, excitedly bouncing on his father's lap before he remembers his sore behind.Howard chuckles at the dumb thing, charmed despite himself. He's been doing his best to ignore the fact that his firstborn is an omega in the hopes that he would stop behaving like one, but maybe the right track would be treating him like an omega in private and only demanding he comports hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Extremely Underage
Extremely Dubious Consent
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Beta Howard Stark
Omega Tony Stark
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Spanking
Oral Sex
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

