Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was dying. Well, sort of.
Actually he was in a constant state of almost dying due to Harry, a super awesome magic person who had some kind of odd deal with Death that had extended to his boyfriend.
It sounded even weirder when he said it out loud.
Basically, the arc reactor was going wrong in a big way and Tony was being poisoned by the very thing that kept him alive. And yes, he did see the irony of the situation.
Somewhat embarrassingly, it had actually been Harry that was the first one to notice something was going wrong with the reactor. This was embarrassing because Harry freely admitted he had no idea how the reactor worked, but had still picked on the change in energy signature before Tony or even JARVIS. Really, if there was anything Tony should be better at than Harry, it should be the technologically complicated arc reactor.
So to recap the last few months, Tony had invented a whole bunch of very helpful things that were helping humanity and making the SI Board very happy, Harry has started volunteering at a little local dojo teaching small boys and girl how to kick some serious ass, and the reactor was screwed.
There was always something.
“So you’re gonna jump out of a helicopter in your suit, even though it would be easier to just fly there, in your suit.” Harry was asking from Tony’s favourite work chair, feet up on a miraculously clear area of workbench, left hand twirling the Death Stick of Destiny (a trademarked name as far as Tony was concerned), and right hand carefully patting DUM-E who was actually making some kind of noise that weirdly resembled a dying cat.
Tony paused in his adjustment of the right boot of his suit, glancing over at Harry to double check that the wizard was, in fact, sassing him. “Really? That’s where you’ve taken issue? Not the dancing women or the stupid speech, but the method of transport to the event itself? And it’s an aeroplane, not a helicopter.”
Harry was grinning before he’d even reached the description of the speech. “Aeroplane. Of course, that’s so much better. The missing piece of the puzzle.” DUM-E gave a strange little chirrup as Harry scratched a joint in his arm like you would a dog.
Tony huffed, trying in vain to stop his mouth from tipping up in a smile. “Exactly. I am brilliant. And stop twirling that thing like a baton. You’ll take someone’s eye out. Or turn DUM-E into a real dog.”
Tony glanced up to see Harry looking at his precious first robotic child with a shrewd gaze. “A Labrador?”
“No! No, dogs! But, if it did happen, he would definitely be a Chow Chow.”
Harry grinned once more before leaning the chair back in a display of unlikely physics, closing his eyes. “What does Pepper think of your aeroplane?”
“You know Pepper thinks the whole Expo is pointlessly extravagant. I told her I was walking.” Tony dropped his screwdriver so You could feel useful. Butterfingers was still sulking in the corner after knocking over another box of screws.
“Maybe you should walk. That way you won’t have to use the suit at all.”
And once again, Harry had hit the proverbial nail on the head.
“Alright you got me. The reactor’s getting worse and the suit accelerates the process. There, I said it!” Tony had his hands in the air in exasperation, which gave Harry the perfect opportunity to silently appear from nowhere and wrap his arms around Tony’s ribs from behind, just under said reactor.
“You know that’s creepy, right?” Tony grouched. “Appearing in utter silence?”
“Yep. I had a Professor who did the same thing.” Harry sounded utterly unrepentant, his head tucked in between Tony’s shoulder blades.
Tony couldn’t help the gusty sigh he loosed, hand coming down to cover Harry’s. “It can’t be this damn difficult to find a replacement compound.” Harry hummed encouragingly. “I must be missing something.”
“You’ll figure it out. After the Expo with your terrible speech.”
Tony hadn’t know it was possible to roll your eyes fondly until right then.
 
 
 
Harry was currently feeling a bit useless.
In general, he was actually quite fulfilled. He’d forgotten how nice it was to teach people, especially kids. It was great to see kids under ten who would have a better chance of defending themselves than most adults.
He did feel useless when it came to Tony and the reactor however. All he could do was feel the reactor changing with no way to stop it, which was particularly frustrating. It was also a little disconcerting that Harry could detect the smallest changes in the advanced tech, though that at least had a plausible explanation.
It started with Stane – Harry had become a touch fonder of the Elder Wand afterwards. He still hadn’t gone near the Resurrection Stone, which lived in its own little pocket dimension that Harry hoped to never open, and he didn’t really have much need for the Invisibility Cloak these days, so the Elder Wand was the only Hallow he had regular contact with. It was really hard to hate something that liked you so much. It was al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Sequel
Love
canon angst
Because Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
it's harry
Fluff
but also BAMF
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Tony Stark
Plot of Iron Man 2
Master of Death Harry Potter
Merchant of Death Tony Stark

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

