Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter thought that he had gotten pretty good at balancing things in his life. Ever since he had been bitten by that radioactive spider and taken up the role of ‘friendly neighbourhood spider-man’, nothing in his life remained the same. 

It was exhilarating but completely chaotic at the same time. Putting away bad guys that were 10 times stronger than him one day, and then taking a Spanish quiz the next, he certainly was used to dealing with obstacles thrown his way and rolling with the punches. 

But to Peter, those problems were infinitely smaller than the other secret he has been holding since he turned 16. 
 
He was an omega. 
 
He could clearly remember the first time May sat him down and gave him ‘the talk’. It was probably top 10 in most embarrassing moments of his life. He hadn’t presented yet, in fact, he was a late bloomer for his age. But nevertheless, learning about the yearly  heats, effect of the alpha tone, and societal expectations of omegas mortified him. Of course, May assured him that whatever second gender he presented as, it wouldn’t stop him from reaching his goals if he tried hard enough. But even with her kind and supportive words, it was difficult to see how anyone could benefit from being an omega. 
 
He knew that his friends would treat him exactly the same way, and he knew dozens omegas at school. But that didn’t change the fact that there was so much prejudice against omegas in society. 

They were treated like helpless babies. Unable to fend for themselves and completely reliant on their Alpha partners. And even more so, there had never been an omega superhero that he knew of. All of his role models were Alphas or betas.So when he was first introduced to his second gender, he immediately downed suppressor after suppressor every month. Squashing down any and every single sign of omega traits everyday since he presented. He had taken every measure he could think of: scent blockers installed into his suit, asking Karen to notify him when he had to take his medicine and reading every single manual on homemade suppressors he could get his hands on. 

To Peter, hiding his second gender was probably harder than hiding his dual identity. With Ned and MJ being a constant forced in his life (which he was always grateful for), and the ‘Stark internship’, it was becoming increasingly more difficult to hide it. 
 
“Peter. Dude - Peter!”, Ned nudged him hard in the side. Jostling him awake from his brief nap. 
 
“W-What?”, His eyes snapped open, heart briefly skipping, thinking there was an emergency. 
 
“Class his over.” Ned rolled his eyes, gesturing vaguely at the nearly empty class rushing to leave school. He relaxed his shoulders, trying to push away his disappointed thoughts. 
 
“Oh shoot.” He quickly shoved his numerous textbooks and notebooks into his bag and slung it over his shoulder, catching up to Ned waiting expectantly at the door. Peter sighed, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and attempting to disguise the fact that he has just slept through his entire Chemistry class.
 
“C’mon man, it’s been like what- three times this week you’ve fallen asleep in class? How are you going to prepare for finals?” 
 
“yeah, I know. Crime’s been really bad lately.” Peter supplied weakly. He lowered his voice slightly, not like any students would be able to hear him as they walked hurriedly through the hallway, but he couldn’t help feel cautious. It was true though, crime had weirdly increased in the past week or so. Stark had messaged him about it briefly at the beginning of the week, saying that he needed to talk to him about something urgent. 
 
“Oh sick, really?” 
 
Peter turned his head and gave Ned a pointed look. 
 
“I mean- that’s really bad haha” Ned quickly responded, unable to hide his eager smirk. “Soo, what happened? The Vulture back? Tombstone start his drug ring again? Is Fisk still controlling his thugs from pris-“ 
 
“Dude!” Peter quickly cut Ned off, seeing Flash walk haughtily towards them. He felt himself stiffen slightly at the sight of Flash. It wasn’t like he was scared of him or anything, he could easily beat him in a fight. But something about Flash’s relentless tormenting since freshmen year still affected him. 
 
“Hey Penis Parker? How’s your best friend Spidey? Hear from him lately?” He sneered, stopping in front of the pair. 
 
“Peter saw him yester-” Ned piped up, attempting weakly to stand up to Flash. 
 
“Actually, I don’t care. You guys are late for Decathlon practice.” He turned arrogantly on his heel and paced quickly back down the now empty corridor. Peter rolled his eyes, trying sorely not to let Flash get to him and sped up down the hallway into the practice rooms. By the time the group had finished drilling each other on facts and calculations, the room was lit by a pink hue of the setting sun. As they packed up their notes and foldable chairs, Flash began another one of his infuriating stories about the apparent ‘babes’ he always
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Dubious Consent
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Miscommunication
Virgin Peter Parker
Protective Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Porn with Feelings
Porn With Plot
Fight scenes I guess
First Time Bottoming
Mating Cycles/In Heat
I really don't know what happened
don't worry peter is over 18
Protective Tony Stark
Mentioned Tony Stark/Steve Rogers - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
wade is protective
everyone is protective?

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

