Chapter 1: Faith, Trust, and My Guy in the Chair
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
'Maybe I should have said yes to the new suit,’ was the first thing Peter thought while being surrounded by five robbers. This normally wouldn't phase him, but the sudden appearance of another masked man bearing a semi automatic rifle isn't the most encouraging thing. A sudden tingling sensation rapidly spreads from the back of his neck that makes his hair stand on end. Without hesitation, he leaps up to cling to the ceiling and uses his webs to fling three of the robbers out of the path of their partner’s spraying bullets. The bullets ping off metal jewelry cases and shatter their glass. When the flung robbers collide with the wall, they stare at the demolished jewelry cases in utter shock. Before they can gather their wits, Peter sends another string of web their way. The web expands midair and encases the torsos of the three robbers, pinning them in place.“Peter? Peter! What happened? Are you there?!” Ned’s voice frantically asks through Peter’s suit. When Ned heard the cracking of the gunshots then Peter’s sudden radio silence, he thought of the worst possible scenario.“Yeah! Yeah just, um, one sec!” Peter quickly shoots a web to yank the semi-auto gun from the robber’s grasp and pulls it into his own hand. As soon as he jumps down, he uses his free hand to shoot a net web at the remaining two robbers, restraining them too. He bounces on the balls of his feet and shakes out his hands to release some of the excess adrenaline. “Hey Ned, can you check the security cameras to make sure no bad guys got away?”“Yeah, no problem, dude,” Ned answers immediately before Peter hears the clicking and clacking of the keyboard.“Karen?” Peter asks the AI of his suit and her patient voice answers,“Yes, Peter?”“Scan everyone for injuries and check to see how far away the police are, please.” He looks up to the frightened store owner and customers huddled behind the wooden counter. “Hey everybody!” He attempts to sound reassuring as best as he can. “Uh, are you all okay?” Even though he knows Karen has a scan radius of miles, he walks closer to them to get a better look of his own. A few of them nod while others stare at the webbed up robbers.“Injuries seem to consist of mild abrasions and slight lacerations due to the glass. No one is in need of immediate medical attention,” Karen answers for them. A small panel appears in front of Peter’s face displaying heart rates along with the highlights of all the minor injuries. “The police are two blocks away.”“Awesome, awesome. Thank you, Karen.” He lets out a slow breath. It’s always a nerve racking wait to hear if anyone’s hurt.“My pleasure.”“I've checked all the rooms inside, the alley, and the surrounding block,” Ned speaks up, "but I don't see anyone dressed head to toe in navy blue and masks. I'm pretty sure you're clear.”  He always sounds confident when he’s my “Guy in the Chair,” even though I'm pretty sure he’s sitting in a bean bag chair right now, Peter thinks fondly.“Thanks, man.” When Peter hears the sirens get within a block, he swings out the front doors and up the side of the building. It isn't a long climb to the top, it only being two stories, and he watches from above as the police arrive. He smiles to himself as he crouches with his forearms resting on his knees.“More evil-doers thwarted by Spider-Man and his Guy in the Chair,” he declares with a wide smile hidden beneath his mask.“That’s because we’re, like, the best team ever,” Ned responds matter-of-factly, but Peter can still hear the grin in his voice. He can tell Ned loves this just as much as he does.“Even better than Han Solo and Chewbacca?” Peter challenges and Ned gasps overdramatically.“How dare you bring Han and Chewie into this.” Peter can't help but laugh like the proud nerd that he is. Ned quickly joins in his laughter. “Alright, Karen, anything else happening?” Peter double checks.“Nothing that has made it to the news. I have not found anything of interest over the police scanners either,” Karen informs. Based on her quick response, she was probably scanning the news stations while Ned and Peter were joking around. Peter tends to be slightly disappointed whenever Karen says there isn't anything to do, but he knows it’s always better than the possibility of innocent people getting hurt if something  were  happening.“Sweet. Ned, I'm gonna do some swinging around in case anything happens to pop up. Maybe we’ll actually get some sleep tonight.” Even the thought of getting a full night’s sleep starts to make Peter drowsy. He hasn't slept for more than four hours a night in about three weeks, which he knows isn't a good habit.“C’mon, you know I’d rather stay up all night being your Guy in the Chair than sleeping!” Ned protests. Peter can't help but scoff.“Oh yeah? And what about that History Exam tomorrow?” he asks, a slight smirk on his lips.“Well…I mean, ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Irondad & Spiderson - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Quentin Beck & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Father-Son Relationship
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Flashbacks
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter Parker
Ned and Peter are the bestest friends
Irondad
spiderson
Canon-Typical Violence
Slight Canon Divergence
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Ned Leeds needs more love
aunt may - Freeform
Aunt May is the best
she won't get hurt or die i swear
Sensory Overload
Alcohol Intolerance
Peter just wants to keep everyone safe and forgets about himself sometimes
Ned Leeds is The Guy in the Chair
Michelle is supportive and still weird
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
I Made Myself Cry
I Made My Best Friend Cry
This might make you cry too?
Sorry Not Sorry
My First Fanfic
My First Work in This Fandom
fuck infinity war
Thats a lot of tags
Tags will be added
Hallucinations
Illusions
Night Terrors
Sleep Apnea
Sleep Paralysis
FUCK endgame
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
No Spoilers
Vines
vine references
Texting
Minor Character Death
Deviates From Canon
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
no ffh spoilers
written before ffh
Angst with a Happy Ending
Complete
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Team Spidey
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Irondad & Spiderson - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Quentin Beck & Peter Parker

