Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Hammer was an idiot.Tony didn’t think it was possible, but he’s quite sure he hates the man infinitely more so as he watched with wide eyes and a gaping mouth as his company’s stock literally plummeted into the grounds of the Earth and out the other side. It was worse than when he came back from Afghanistan a year ago and made the decision to confess to the press his new intentions for his company. This… this was so, so much worse. Apparently, it didn’t matter that he had saved the city… nope, apparently not important, because here he was, being screwed over for doing the right thing.There were an infinite number of articles trending on the main pages of Google, Bing, Facebook, and whatever other sites people mindlessly use to waste time from their day so they can hide away from the real-world issues taking place in their lives. There were many who had somehow obtained the information that Tony had been suffering from palladium poisoning, which, yeah, he had been at the time, but not anymore. Half the articles were practically predicting his death to occur in the next month. It most definitely didn’t help when people started putting the pieces together, such as the fact that he had practically forked over everything of importance to other people before his timely death. He wasn’t dying anymore though! And Pepper was good at running his company, Rhodey was making an enormous difference with War Machine, and those boy scouts were really making good use of his little donation.It was all going great… until he got a call from one of the board members telling him to take a look at the SI stock records.And apparently it most definitely didn’t help that he hadn’t made a public appearance since that small incident that had occurred at the Stark Expo. Which, by the way, led to millions of dollars in preparation being lost, because they had to cancel the whole freaking tour! Something about public safety or whatever. People were just so dramatic about every little thing nowadays… so sensitive.He didn’t care! All he knew was that he was pissed.“Tony,” Pepper begged, looking up at him with a tired glaze over her eyes as she massaged her hairline. She probably hadn’t slept in days with the way she stressed about everything, “please stop glaring at the screen. It’s not going to help. We need to come up with a good plan to raise your public image so people don’t think you’re a dying, selfish asshole with a drinking problem. Which means no ‘accidental’ wardrobe malfunctions, threats, lawsuits, violence, flashing the cameras, ‘accidents’, drunken rages, drunken twitter posts, or anything that you could have possibly gotten away with before all of this went down. Do you understand?”Tony understood alright. That didn’t mean he had to like it.“I don’t understand why these idiots have to make such a big deal out of everything,” he muttered to himself, ignoring Pepper’s advice and continuing to glare at the screen. “Get PR down here. They probably have some ludicrous idea of how we can fix this.”***If Peter could turn back time, he would have never begged Uncle Ben and Aunt May to bring him to the Stark Expo… if he hadn’t then maybe that stupid Hammer Drone wouldn’t have killed them. It was stupid! It was all dumb and stupid! Because all he got out of it, was a dumb little glove gauntlet, iron man helmet, a dumb shirt, a pat on the head by Tony Stark, and an up-close view of the Iron Man suit. He’d give it all up in a heartbeat if that meant he’d get to see his Aunt and Uncle again. He just wanted them back, that’s all he wanted.It kinda sucked when you already knew that the one thing you actually wanted was impossible to actually get.He sulked quietly in his new, raggedy bed, glancing over to spot an older boy in the bed across from him with his reading lamp on while he read through a new comic book he had found in the trash on the way home from school. He didn’t like his new bed, and he didn’t like his new guardian, and he most definitely didn’t like the new school he’d been placed in, or the classmates and teacher that came along with it.He’d been moved into a crappy neighborhood, and because of a lack of funds for a poor, dumb, little orphan, there was no other choice but to go to the zoned ghetto school two blocks down from the house he was living in. He didn’t have any friends there, and no matter how hard he worked, he’d never be able to build his way up to go to the high school he’d been dreaming of going to since he was little: Midtown Tech.It all sucked.He hated it, but he only had 11 years before he was 18… at least that was something he could look forward to. He just had to stop thinking about all the bad things… then maybe he wouldn’t have to be so sad about it.***“Please Pepper,” Tony begged her as she tightened the tie around his neck. “Please don’t make me go to that weird school. I bet you those kids don’t do anything but pick their noses and pee their pants. Please.”He didn’t like th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Sassy Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Foster Care
Tony Stark likes kids but doesn't want to admit it out loud
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
but only sometimes
Orphan Peter Parker
Orphan Annie AU
Pepperony - Freeform
Lots and lots of hugs and snuggles
Tony Has It Soft For Cats
Uncle Rhodey!!
Fluff
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Adoption
Domesticated Tony Stark
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

