Chapter 1: Sick Child
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Do I have to?” Penny asked, her hair a mess and still in her pajamas.  Pepper gave her the you-have-asked-that-a-hundred-times-and-the-answer-is-still-the-same look before turning back and trying to encourage Morgan to eat her breakfast. The 3-year-old had come down with a fever and was barely eating due to an upset stomach.  Both Pepper and Tony were trading taking care of the poor girl, but the Avengers had been called in that morning for a meeting, leaving his wife to not only care for Morgan but also get a reluctant Penny to school.“Penny, you missed too much school as is,” Pepper said, finally getting Morgan to eat her bowl of yogurt.  “Besides, it’s a field trip today, aren’t those normally fun?”“Normally, yeah, but normally they don’t go on a tour of your house!  Can’t I just stay here?  I’ll even watch Morgan so you can get some work done!”“Penny stay and play with Morgan!” the young Stark quickly agreed with that idea, punching the air with her plastic spoon.  Pepper gave the youngest a smile and started whipping up the yogurt that got everywhere.“No, Penny has school.  And besides, you get to spend the day with Mommy, Morgan, doesn’t that sound fun?”“But Morgan wanna play with Penny!”“But Penny has to go to school and get smart, so she can go and help Daddy invent more fun things that’ll help the world,” Pepper kept her eyes on her youngest, ignoring the teen’s pleading eyes.“Then Penny play with Morgan?”“Yes, Penny can play with Morgan when she gets home tonight if you’re feeling well enough.”“Okay…” Morgan said, pouting just like her sister behind her.  Pepper finally glanced up at her eldest daughter.  She mouthed a ‘No’ and flicked her finger over to the hallway where the Stark bedrooms were.  Penny threw her head back and groaned.  The teen spun on her heal and trudged back to her room.“Ready to be exposed, Parker!” Flash shouted from where he was in the back of the bus just as they were pulling away from the school.  Penny rolled her eyes.  See, Mom, this is why she didn’t want to go.  Flash would just be a dick the entire time, and the teachers couldn’t really do much to stop him because his father would go after the school if he heard word about his son being punished, and there’s no way her family could retaliate without revealing that Penny’s last name was not Parker, and she was the spider vigilante the world wanted to unmask.“Calm down, Mr. Thompson!  Save your energy for when we get there,” Mr. Harrington called back from in front of Penny.  Ah, the beauty about sitting towards the front of the bus.  Yes, Flash was behind her and she couldn’t see what he’d try, but she’d be able to sense anything coming her way, and the teachers were closer.  Also, it was quieter because, well, teachers.  And it’s not like Penny and her friends would mention something the teachers didn’t already know.“Can’t wait for him to eat his words when he finds out you aren’t lying about working there,” Ned said, only heard by Penny, MJ, and Cindy. Cindy had been an interesting addition to their group, offering Penny her notes while she was recovering from the Vulture Indecent and even making two sites: one an online directory of heroes and vigilantes, with basic stats and any well-known facts, like public identities or territories, and the other being a fan site for Spider-Woman, that was linked to Penny’s social media, as well a private setting for all members of Team Spider.  Apparently, Cindy figured out Penny’s identity because Iron Man was really bad at hiding his worrying for the young vigilante while Penny would occasionally slip up and wear something extremely expensive to school and break the illusion of being a scholarship student.  Upon realizing she wasn’t the only one to figure it out, MJ said that at least she wouldn’t have to kick everyone but Penny and Ned off the team for sheer obliviousness when it got out who Penny was.“I mean, technically I am,” Penny said, smiling at her best friend.“Ah yes, because the fact that you aren’t an intern at Stark Industries means that you aren’t helping down in the labs or showing tour groups around, not at all,” Cindy responded back, leaning forward in her seat but not quite enough to be yelled at.“I highly doubt anyone will care if the idiot is right or not when they find out you are Tony Stark’s daughter,” MJ added on, getting some “reading” in before a day of drawing the entire class’ faces when the truth got out, because, knowing Penny’s luck, it will.“Oh god, please don’t jinx it,” Penny groaned out.  As if the universe hated her, her phone went off at that moment.  She quickly pulled it out and her mother’s face light up the screen.  Hitting the answer button, Penny put the device to her ear.“Hello?”“Penny?  I need your help!”“Mom?  What’s wrong?”“Something is going on down in Legal, everyone is melting down, and they need me to come down. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

