Chapter 1: What Happens Now?
    




Chapter Text
It wasn't three days. 
Tony had promised he would be gone for only three days. So Peter was counting down the seconds until his dad got home. Sure, he was excited to see his aunt and uncle. He had tried to tackle Ben when they picked them up from the airport. But Ben was big and Peter didn't even cause him to stumble. May, of course, covered his face with kisses the minute she saw him, commenting on how much he had grown and how much she missed him. 
They did everything Tony promised. They went to Dodgers stadium to see a baseball game, where Ben just complained about his team and how they were the worst and May pretended like she understood what was going on. Peter got a hot dog and cotton candy so he was happy either way. He also had May, on the first day, help him make a card for Pepper for her birthday, which Pepper loved. They went to an amusement park, where they went on all the rides Peter was tall enough for. Ben even won Peter a stuffed animal from a booth where not too many people were winning. The man behind the booth didn't seem happy that he won, but Peter liked the stuffed dog that Ben got for him. 
But as the weekend wore on, Peter got more and more anxious to see his dad. Every night, after May and Ben would tuck him in and then turn off the lights, Peter would talk to JARVIS.
"How many hours until Monday?" He had asked JARVIS on Saturday night.
"36, young sir." That number was too big for Peter's liking and he had gone to bed more anxious than before. He wanted his dad to come home. He wanted to build Legos in the workshop while his dad worked. He wanted to ask him questions about his inventions and science and try his best to understand. He wanted to watch movies with his dad, his head pressed against his dad's arm or chest, the familiar warmth always keeping him comfortable. 
He wanted to see his dad, so badly.
Monday morning finally rolled around and Peter was excited. He had to go to school, but as May dropped him off at school, he excitedly reminded her that his dad would be home by the time he got home from school. He spent the whole school day with a huge grin on his face, excitedly watching the clock until it finally landed on three. Normally, he'd stick around to help Ms. Tate, but that day he bolted out of class and to Happy's car, babbling excitedly about his dad finally coming home. 
But when he got home, his dad wasn't there. And after an hour of being home, his dad still wasn't there. Hours ticked by and still his dad didn't come home. Peter sat in the living room all night, waiting for his dad to walk in. 
"Peter you have to go to bed," May said gently, trying to pry him up from the couch. Peter shook his head, still intently staring at the door. "Come on sweetie. Your dad's plane was probably just late." Peter looked at her and she smiled and he had no reason not to believe her. So he went to bed, because that was what he was supposed to do.
But he couldn't sleep. Because his dad had promised him that he would be there and he wasn't.
Sometime later, Peter heard voices down the hall. He quietly got out of bed and tiptoed down the hall. He saw Ben and May standing together, a sad look on May's face. Rhodey, Happy, and Pepper were standing across from them. Seeing Rhodey's face, Peter couldn't describe the kind of pain on his uncle's face. 
"We're going to do everything to find him," Rhodey said. Peter's breath caught in his throat. Did something happen to his dad?
"He can't just stay here alone," May said quietly. "He can come stay with us." Pepper gasped a little and Rhodey looked at May wide-eyed. "It's what Mary would have wanted.”
"This is his home," Rhodey said. "You can't just take him away from here. Nothing has been confirmed." Ben shook his head.
"You know as well as I do what can happen out there Rhodes," Ben said. "A guy like Stark, lost out there? Even the best soldier would be doomed." Rhodey's fists gripped tightly and he clenched his mouth shut to not lose it on Ben. Peter watched quietly, no one noticing him yet.
"He's not gone," Rhodey said. "We're going to find him."
"And how long is that going to take?" Ben asked, his voice rising. "You want to lie to that little boy and convince him his idiot father is going to be okay? Stark got himself into this mess and the odds of him getting out are minimal at best. Peter should come with us. We are his family."
"So are we," Rhodey said, darkly. "And you underestimate Tony Stark." Ben shook his head and May tapped his arm, trying to calm him down. 
"Stark's gone," Ben said. "Just move on and let Peter stay with people who are going to be there for him." Before Rhodey could respond, Happy cleared his throat. He had spotted Peter hiding in the hallway. Everyone turned to where Happy was looking, seeing the small boy. Ben's face paled. Rhodey sighed, the anger leaving his body. Happy walked over to Peter and put his hand on the small boy's shoulder, guiding him over. 
In t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Protective Pepper Potts
Hurt/Comfort
Iron Man 1
Post-Iron Man 1
Pre-Iron Man 2
Iron Man 2
Post-Iron Man 2
Pre-Avengers (2012)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

