Work Text:
You looked around your new apartment and smiled knowing it’s something you own. Your apartment. Your kitchen. Your living room. Your doorbell. Doorbell? You turned around and walked to the door. You opened the door only to be greeted by a delivery man.
“Hello miss. I have a delivery for Mr” he looked at the paper in his hands “Mr. Barnes?”
“Yes, he’s my roommate” Your roommate and your childhood friend. Since you can remember you had always Bucky by your side, well Bucky and Steve but now Steve was having a carrier in the military (Bucky was teasing him that soon Steve will become a captain) while you together with Bucky were freshly after graduation with high hopes and curiosity for the adulthood. It’s better to face problems and the world with a friend by your side so you decided to rent a small apartment with Bucky.
"I need you to sign this, here" the nice delivery man said and pointed to the place where your signature soon would be. You happily signed and the delivery man shouted to his friend to start bringing it up.

"I'll show you where to put it," you said and guided the delivery man to Bucky's still unfinished room. He was waiting for his bed and now it finally arrived.
The second man entered the room with something like the headboard and the other two were carrying a mattress.

"What is it? I-I don't understand, it was supposed to arrive whole not in elements"

Not so nice any more delivery man sighed and looked at you with a bored expression "Look, miss, bed it too big to be transported whole and besides it would be hard to carry it on so many steps" you opened your mouth in disbelief

"What? But in the store they said it's gonna arrive whole, that's why he bought it in your shop instead of IKEA, he's too lazy to assemble anything!" you were furious, the guy in a store said Bucky's gonna have a bed whole and now he would have to 'play' with it the whole day.

"Look, miss. I'm not a salesman or the owner of the shop I'm just a delivery man, please let us do our job" he turned around to leave the apartment and you scoffed

"Asshole" you mumbled under your breath and searched for the number of the shop.
 
 
"Honey, I'm home!" Bucky yelled entering the apartment "I always wanted to say that" he was welcomed with the smell of the wood and paint and he knew you were doing some embellishments to old walls and beside two days ago there was renovation "Y/N?" he asked when no one answered and Bucky entered the small kitchen. He saw you sitting at the table with a beer in your hand and with a long face.

"Why the sour puss doll? Already changing your mind?" he teased and walked to the fridge to grab a beer for himself

"Your bed arrived," you said in a dry tone but Bucky's face lightened up. He left the beer on the table and quickly rushed to his room. You closed your eyes in anticipation

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" there it was. You didn't bother to go to Bucky his footsteps were informing you he was on his way. "Y/N what the hell is it? It was supposed to arrive whole"

"Yes Buck, it was but the guy working there was new and didn't inform us that beds are arriving in parts" you hated the look on Bucky's face, the disappointment, and resignation but you knew that was not the end of bad news
"The mattress is also damaged. The material is too thin, it makes springs poking the surface but hey! I called them and they gave us a 75% discount on any couch"

"They can stick this discount up their-"

"Bucky" you interrupted him "Come sit and have a beer with me" you beckoned him to you and Bucky sat on the chair with a pouty face. You opened a beer for him and gave it to him. Bucky only looked at it without drinking

"Y/N what am I supposed to do now? We don't have a couch I can sleep on and I'm sick of sleeping in the sleeping bag, where I'm going to sleep?"

"Bucky relax. You can sleep in my bed, it's wide enough for we won't be touching each other and tomorrow they're gonna bring a new mattress"

"But-"

"No buts. You're gonna sleep in my bed, besides it won't be a first time, we were sleeping in the same bed all the time when we were kids it's gonna be almost like sleepover now drink. You worry too much"
 
 
Bucky quietly entered your room thinking you were already sleeping. He got underneath the duvet and sighed when the softness of the new bed enveloped him. You were content he didn't try to disturb you and you would probably drift off if not for his phone to start to vibrate and the screen to light up. Bucky took his phone, typed the reply and then put it away. Whoever he was texting he probably said goodnight and you could rest at last. But then the phone again lightened up and the annoying sound of vibration appeared.

"Bucky what the hell? You came here to sleep or chat? Turn that shit off" you growled at him and he hurriedly typed on the screen.

"Sorry, sorry but it's Steve. He says he managed to win some stupid competition and he got to ride back with some cute chick"

"Yay to him. Now say goodnight f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Sharing a Bed
Friends to Lovers
Vaginal Fingering
Cunnilingus
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
gifs
nsfw gifs
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
steamy gifs
Porn with Feelings
Creampie

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

