Work Text:
“Honeybear, what are you doing here?” Tony barely glanced up from the wiring in front of him to greet the man who had entered his lab, but Rhodey had known the mechanic for 30 years, he stopped being offended by tech getting more attention than him while they were still at MIT.“We’re working on suit upgrades today, remember? We talked about it last time we had lunch.” A pinched expression crossed Tony’s face so briefly that if Rhodey didn’t know him so well he might have thought he imagined it. But that was definitely Tony’s I forgot something important face. He didn’t wear it as much as he used to, but Rhodes had seen it enough times for it to be instantly recognizable. “You forgot.” It was always better to be straightforward with Tony, beating around the bush would only lead to a tried arm and less information. “No, just, uh, something came up. Can’t today, super busy, sorry Baby-cakes.” Tony offered him what Rhodey supposed was an apologetic smile and turned back to his work as if that was enough. Rhodey rolled his eyes, Tony was getting better but he still didn’t always value other people’s time the way he should.“Tones, I came all the way down here from upstate and now you’re telling me you’re too busy for your best friend?”Tony gave him a wounded look, “Wow, way to guilt trip me, Platypus. I’ve just got...stuff...going on.” Shit, Platypus plus awful lying, Tony was hiding something. Rhodey’s demeanor softened, “Tony, are you okay? What’s going on?” And then the last time Tony withheld information from him popped into his mind and his tone became slightly more urgent, “Wait. You’re not dying, are you? I’m gonna be so pissed if you’re dying again.”That got Tony’s attention as he finally turned on his stool to give Rhodey his full attention. He also rolled his eyes so far back Rhodey half expected them to get stuck like that.“Get your panties out of a bunch, Honey-buns, seriously I’m just busy-”“I’M NOT LATE!”Now, Rhodey likes to think he’s pretty good at taking things in stride, and he knows Tony well enough that even the crazy shit doesn’t bother him anymore. The last time something about Tony’s life actually shocked him was when he’d called to tell Rhodey that he was inside a flying suit in the middle of an active war zone. He’d met gods and resurrected national heroes, and had some dude breath fire at him. All that to say it was no mean feat to surprise Colonel James Rhodes, but seeing a child come skidding into his best friend’s privet workshop, stopping at a lab table and throwing his backpack there like he owned the place just about did the job.“See Mr. Stark, I’m totally on time, back me up FRIDAY.”“Congratulations Mr. Parker, you are 47 seconds early.”“See! Early! I told you I’d be fine swing-Holy shit.” The unknown kid finally stopped moving long enough to notice him. “You’re War Machine.” The wonder in his voice could only be matched by the gleam in his eyes, and as sweet as that was Rhodey was confused.“Tony.” He started calmly as he glanced at his friend, “Why is there a child in your lab?”“That’s Peter.” Tony said, as if that explained anything. Rhodey fixed him with his best Not Amused look, “He’s 12, Tones.”“Now Snookums,” Tony stood from his work station and threw an arm around Rhodey’s shoulders. “Don’t be rude. He’s 16.” Tony’s smile was too much, clearly he was enjoying this. “Peter, meet Rhodey, Rhodey, say hi to Peter.”The kid, Peter, shook his hand. He held on for a little too long, but Rhodey had to admit he had a firm grip. “Mr. Col. Rhodes, Sir, it is such an honor to meet you.” “Yeah, kid, a real pleasure.” He was endearing, that’s for sure. And while Rhodey couldn’t place him, he felt like he knew this kid from somewhere. “Ya know, you seem kinda familiar, have we met before?”Peter’s eyes widened in what might have been shock or might have been panic, Rhodey couldn’t tell. The boy looked to Tony so Rhodey did too, but clearly the kid and him were having some sort of silent conversation because Tony just raised his eyebrows and sort of nodded his head in Rhodey’s direction. It was a little unnerving to not be able to tell what Tony was thinking but he and this kid seemed to be on the same wavelength. Finally Peter spoke up, “Um, n-no Sir, but I, uh, I talk a lot, don’t know when to shut up that's me,” He gave a half-hearted chuckle, “so you’ve probably just heard me around before.”Tony seemed to be appraising that declaration before apparently finding it sufficient and nodding his agreement. “He’s my intern.”Rhodey’s brow furrowed as he looked between the pair. “Since when do you take interns? I thought talking to anyone with less than a Masters Degree gave you hives.”Tony again rolled his eyes before turning back to whatever he had been working on before Rhodey had arrived. “Very funny, but the kid’s a genius. Goes Midtown School of Science and Technology, he’s on their national champion academic decathlon team, how many AP classes are you taking kid? Three?”“Four, M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

