Work Text:
It’s been a few days since Peter had first met the Rogues, and he hadn’t seen too much of them since that Decathlon competition. He’d stayed at the Tower all weekend with permission from May. Tony had seemed slightly worried about what May would think about them pretending to be father and son, but he didn’t have to be so nervous.When May heard of what had happened, she laughed so hard she started crying.Neither of the two men seemed to understand why she found it so amusing, and their tiny faces on the video call app must have been ridiculously hilarious because it sent May into hysterics, her laughter so violent that she rolled off the couch. May could barely talk, just managing to give permission for Peter to stay the weekend and wheezing out an “I larb you” before hanging up.Sunday was spent mostly in the lab with Tony, and in the kitchen on the Avenger’s floor for some snacks, and ‘to show everyone that we’re both still alive’. Then that had led to a team dinner. It seemed like the Rogues were trying their very best to not pry into his and Tony’s relationship, but there were a few curious questions that Tony was quick to smoothly move away from.Monday morning went pretty similarly to Saturday morning. Tony woke Peter up, Peter spent too much time on Twitter, Peter had to rush around while Tony was watching him with amused eyes, and then distracted goodbyes.This time, however, Peter pauses right before he slips away from the room, turning around with a flushed face and says, “bye Dad, love you!”A grin lights up Tony’s face, and before Peter could run out on him, he drags his kid towards him for a hug and a soft kiss to the forehead. “Love you too, kiddo. See you tomorrow.” Even Tony is surprised with how easily it leaves his mouth.Now it’s Peter’s face that’s grinning, chuckling when Tony pushes him towards the elevator with a ‘I’m not going to make you late on your first day of school since I became Dad’.Peter was going to back to his apartment in Queens since May would be home in the evening, and he’d been neglecting his Spider-man duties in the weekend. Tony was going to miss him, but he knew that Peter would be coming by Tuesday afternoon before swinging back home for the night. Maybe he’d even manage to convince May to let him stay the night again.Now that he was alone in his penthouse again, Tony went down to his lab. Might as well get a headstart on his office work so Pepper wouldn’t scold him for ignoring his work for Peter again (Pepper’s reaction to the situation was to laugh at his face before wishing him and Peter a goodnight).Peter was almost to the lobby before remembering that he’d left his earphones in the common room, groaning and telling FRIDAY to bring him back up. He hoped that the Rogues were still asleep so he wouldn’t be interrogated before he left for school.The elevator doors opened, and his sensitive hearing could pick up on noises. He inwardly groaned, jogging towards the living room area—“Uncle Rhodey!” Peter exclaimed, surprised that the man was here. Tony hadn’t told him he was visiting.Rhodey turns around, grinning at the boy who was currently barreling towards him. “There’s my favorite nephew!” He catches the small body, his leg braces whirring to support him. “I haven’t seen you in so long!”“I didn’t know you were coming!” Peter gushes. “Dad didn’t tell me. Ugh, and I have to go to school or I’ll be late.”“Then you better get going, kid. I don’t want Tony to yell at me for being the reason you’re late.”Peter nodded, finding his earphones and waving goodbye to both Rhodey and the rest of the Rogues, which he had just realized were also there. He briefly worried that Rhodey would ruin their father-son fun of the weekend, but seeing as Rhodey didn’t call him out on Peter calling Tony Dad (which he didn’t even realize he did), Peter assumed Rhodey had been informed.He was wrong. Rhodey hadn’t been informed of the situation prior to coming to the Tower, not thinking anything would be too different. The Rogues, obviously, were going to be different, but he was already used to seeing them in the years before the Civil War. When Rhodey checked up on his friend, slightly worried about his mental well-being from being in close proximity to his former teammates, he’d gotten a photo of Clint hanging half-in half-out of the vents while Sam screamed at him. He was doing fine.So, when he walked into the common room he wasn’t expecting much to be different. The elevator doors opened and he walked out. He heard a yell, and Clint smacked into the floor from wherever he was hiding, lifting his face up to look at Rhodey with a huge grin. “Rhodey! Man, it’s good to see you again!”Rhodey chuckled at his antics, grasping the outstretched hand and doing that bro clasp thing that involved smacking the other guy’s back. “It’s good to see you, too, Clint.”“Rhodey? Hello, it’s nice to see you again.” Steve popped up from behind the wall, face lighting up when he spots the Colonel.There is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fluff
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes
omg that's a tag hell yeah
Fix-It of Sorts
Team Cap friendly
peter loves his uncle rhodey
he also loves his dad
author is studiously ignoring problems
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
Father-Son Relationship
no need to read the rest of the series to understand but i'd like u too anyway

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

