Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
An annoyed groan escapes through your lips as you look at your reflection in the full-size mirror that hangs on the back of your bedroom door. You’ve already managed to go through half of your closet looking for something decent to wear. Your best friend has invited you to a get-together… Well, it’s more of a family reunion, but she doesn’t want to attend it alone, because she is already feeling like the black sheep of the family as it is. Her immediate family really can be insufferable at times, so you can only imagine what the extended family is like. Honestly, you don’t really want to go either, but you love Katrina and will always try your best to be there for her no matter how much you hate the task at hand.You finally settle on a mint-green, button-down blouse and a cute, flowery, white skirt that falls to mid-thigh. Examining your reflection for a few moments more, you shrug and turn toward the closet once more in search of your favorite white, strappy sandals; the ones with the chunky heels. Even if you’re not enthusiastic about going, you at least want to look nice. You just never know who might be there; or who might be judging you.Once you arrive at the reunion, which is being held at Katrina’s grandparents’ home, you find Katrina sitting on the front steps of the large country home. It’s a beautiful place. It’s old, but kept in tip-top shape. The porch wraps all the way around the two-story farmhouse, providing a lot of space for company. There is a fresh coat of paint on the porch as well as on the black shutters which are a stark contrast to the white of the house’s vinyl siding. You wonder if it needed the facelift or if they did all that work just in preparation for the reunion.Katrina gets up to meet you, immediately thanking you for coming to her rescue. “No problem, hon. Got me off my couch for the first Saturday in a month,” you explain. You aren’t really that lazy. It’s just that since your break-up with the guy that was supposed to be the love of your life, you weren’t all that sociable or motivated.After being led to the back yard and introduced to a few people on the way, you grab a drink and start to mingle with some people that you know. At least you attempt it. After about fifteen minutes, Katrina decides that it’s time to become a wallflower. You only shake your head at her unwillingness to be a social butterfly at her own family reunion and follow her towards the back side of the porch in search of a place to plant yourselves.As you reach the top of the steps, one of the obnoxious children that had been running wild, flies by you, bumping right into you without a care. You gasp in fear as you lose your balance and begin stumbling backwards down the steps. Luckily for you, a strong arm reaches out to catch you before you fall. While the stranger politely helps you steady yourself, you look up to see exactly who your knight in shining armor is, and you are startled by what you see; only the most beautiful blue eyes you could even imagine.“Are you ok?” He asks; his voice as smooth as velvet but filled with concern as he pulls his hand away from your waist.“Uh…Yeah,” you finally manage. “Thank you.”He smiles; his perfect, white teeth and full lips framed by a neatly trimmed beard of chestnut brown. “No problem,” he assures you as he starts on up the steps where he’d been heading to begin with. “Be careful. These kids are out of control.”You nod, not trusting yourself to speak. Holy fuck that guy is gorgeous. You lean against the hand-rail for a moment, getting reoriented and admiring a perfectly sculpted ass in blue jeans as he walks away from you. Suddenly, you’re very glad you came.The sound of Katrina’s voice saying your name draws your attention back towards the top of the steps where she’s standing. “Where did you go? One minute you’re behind me and the next I’m talking to myself.”“Sorry,” you say. “Some punk kid nearly caused me to fall down the steps. Just needed a second to calm my nerves.”“Oh shit. Sorry. I wasn’t paying attention.”“It’s ok. I’m fine,” you say as you begin up the steps again. The two of you find a wicker sofa along the side wall of the house and decide to take up residency there for a while. You immediately sit down, but Katrina leaves to go get you both another drink. While she’s gone, you seize the opportunity to look around for your handsome savior. You spot him in the corner, leaning against the porch rail, looking out over the yard full of people while he speaks with a taller, blonde guy.You can’t help but stare. He’s without a doubt, the prettiest, sexiest man you’ve ever had the pleasure of laying your eyes upon. You take a moment to really look him over. He’s tall and muscular. His arms are defined through the tight sleeves of the over-shirt he’s wearing; it clings to his biceps, showing off each hard mass of muscle. No wonder he caught you so effortlessly with just one arm. You bite your lip, letting your
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Flirting
Fluff and Smut
Priest Kink
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Threesome - F/M/M
Mild Angst
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Vaginal Sex
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Double Penetration
I DON’T USE Y/N EVER...
Slow Burn
Stucky - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader

