Chapter 1: Blame the Game
    


Summary:

Peter experiences something new.



Notes:
notes/warnings: a consensual 'game' that involves Peter's ass getting smacked a lot, rimming, subspace + mentions of discussing subspace, Death By Fluffy Aftercare




Chapter Text
“Please let us keep you,” he finishes. Peter smirks, somehow, and thinks maybe he nodded his head but he’s not sure. The pillow is so soft, and he’s rarely felt as safe and good and loved as he does right now.  
 Loved? 
 
 Hm. 
 
 Interesting, he thinks. He does feel loved. With Steve and Tony, lying between them. Safe and good and loved. 
 
 He’ll have to look into that. 
 
 So he smiles and nuzzles into the pillows, one hand resting over Tony’s grip on his waist, the other lacing fingers with Steve in front of him. 
 
“Ok.”
 That was two months ago. That first night, when Peter had lost his virginity to his apartment neighbors, when Peter had slept with the very married Stark-Rogers couple, when they’d taken turns fucking him and they’d all passed out in bed together, and Steve had asked that question, and Peter had answered him: Two months ago. Eight weeks (slightly less than seven, actually) ago. And since then, things had been… good. More than good. Really, really, really good. Peter started going out to dinner with Steve and Tony more often. Multiple nights a week. And he’d spent an abundance of time in their apartment (and at their house, later, because a month after that first night, their home had finally been completed. It’s dumbfoundingly impressive.) with them, spending time together. Making jokes, having long conversations, cooking together, watching movies, playing board games that Tony always wins (for some goddamn reason Peter can’t beat the man at Sorry. It’s not even a skill game!), enjoying each other’s company. Getting fucked into the mattress. Casual things. To Peter’s delight, Tony had decided to teach him more about kissing. Which, holy shit. Tony is an incredible kisser, so is Steve, and Peter initially burned with embarrassment at how inexperienced he must have come off, but Tony reassured him. Said kissing Peter is a joy and he’s just making excuses to do it constantly. Not like Peter thinks Tony freaking Stark-Rogers needs an excuse to kiss him. But he likes the game of it, especially because it usually results in him being pulled into the man's lap with Tony's tongue in his mouth, the kisses getting progressively messier and needier until they end up grinding against each other and Peter comes in his pants. After which he helps out Tony; with his hand or his mouth, it varies. Speaking of his mouth. Peter’s been learning how to give blowjobs. The couple teach him graciously, demonstrating on Peter and then talking him through it while he performs on one of them. At first he was terrified of doing something wrong, and specifically of having either one of the husbands fucking enormous cocks in his mouth, anywhere near his teeth (fear for them) or his throat (fear for himself). They’d eased his worries quickly, though, and were so patient and so good at guiding him, eventually Peter relaxed enough to enjoy the activity. He thinks there’s probably some underlying kink to their “teach him how to do things” ploys, because really, they don’t need to disguise anything. But he won’t bring it up. It is pretty fun. Playing innocent and inexperienced he’s not pretending to learn (it’s real learning; Peter doesn’t know shit about shit) about everything, just so they can teach him (they are teaching him) and guide him through his sexual exploration that’s literally exactly what’s happening. And he’s also learned a lot about the couple. Like Tony’s gift of cooking, speaking Italian, and Steve’s fondness for 40’s music and dancing. There was one night Steve had pulled Peter off the couch to dance… it was sweet. Really, really sweet and thinking about it kind of makes Peter’s chest tighten. So he doesn’t, think about it, that is. Not often. He thinks about the way either man looks in the early morning, before they’ve woken up. Their bedheads and dried drool at the edges of their mouths and relaxed faces. He thinks about all he’s learned about Brooklyn and art jargon from Steve’s stories and about Tony’s old butler/father-figure/friend, Jarvis. He thinks about the way Steve laughs when he can’t hold it in and the way Tony smiles when he can’t make it stop. He thinks about the times they’ve brought him with on their morning jogs (Peter roller blades to keep up) and how wonderfully domestic it is. He thinks about the way Tony’s beard feels when he runs his fingers through it and Steve’s hair when he tangles his hands in it. He thinks about how hot and warm and wrecked and whole they make him feel. Fucking him. Kissing him. Asking him if he’s eaten yet. He thinks about how, in the two months since that first night, he’s learned that Tony and Steve Stark-Rogers are fucking assholes. (Of course they aren’t actually; they’re practically saint
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
College Student Peter Parker
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Age Difference
it's not huge tho
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Light Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Peter Parker
Subspace
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Rough Sex
(sometimes)
Sounding
Vibrators
Double Penetration
Rimming
Spitroasting
Lingerie
Daddy Kink
Light Bondage
Sexual Roleplay
(kinda?)
Praise Kink
Pet Names
Body Worship
Orgasm Control
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Coming Untouched
Crying During Sex
Aftercare
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Sick Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Don't copy to another site
Уточнять у автора
no officer i've never seen a beta before in my life

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

