Chapter 1: For The Kingdom
    




Chapter Text

"You know, I never wanted to be a lord." Steve flops down on his armchair in the drawing room, suddenly overcome with a feeling of petulance about the entire thing.

"That's true, you didn't," Bucky agrees, taking a pastry from the beautiful basket that had come with the packet of contracts from King Howard's messenger. He bites into it, flaky crumbs dropping into his lap as he leans back on the sofa.

"I'm terrible at being a lord," Steve continues, as though Bucky hadn't spoken. "You should do it."

"You're right, you are shit at it," Bucky agrees again. "These are good, what is this, raspberry cream?"

"Why are you eating the pastries?"

"Because they're here."

"But what if they're poisoned? What if this is King Howard's way of getting this land back?"

"You think Howard's gonna send you contracts for an Omega Consort with some poisoned baked goods? Coulda just sent an assassin, it'd be simpler."

Steve snorts. "Like one of King Howard's assassins could get through our borders – through you."

Bucky nods, taking another large bite of the raspberry cream pastry. "You're right, that would be stupid. Okay, tell you what – I'll eat all the pastries, and if I don't die you'll know they weren't poisoned."

Steve blinks at him. "I feel like I should caution you against eating all of them."

"Right again, Stevie. Look at you, right all over the place around here. I'll save one for Clint or he'll make me sleep on the couch."

Steve rolls his eyes and starts flipping through the contract paperwork. "Why am I doing this again?" he asks, pained.

"The plight of your people," Bucky says, popping the last of the pastry into his mouth and licking crumbs off his fingers. He wipes them off on his jeans, then reaches forward for another copy of the contract so he can flip through it as well. "Though, I still think you can probably find a better way if it makes you that unhappy."

Steve sighs, jumping back to his feet restlessly. He begins to pace as he talks. "I don't want to ration our stores. I've been hungry, Bucky. You know that. The last thing I want to do is inflict that on the whole province."

The harvest had been weak this year – the snow had fallen a full month early, and while the province's farmers had worked hard to bring as much of the crops in as possible, their stores for the winter are just barely passable.

"If spring doesn't come early, we'll actually run out of a lot of our stores," Steve says. Bucky already knows all this, of course. They've been talking about these things for months while Steve had waffled back and forth between asking King Howard for assistance and being willing to pay the price for that assistance.

"Don't forget the Chitauri," Bucky says, leaning forward and plucking another pastry from the basket.

"Yes! The Chitauri!" Steve agrees, pacing faster and gesticulating wildly. "Did Sam tell you that Redwing spotted another Chitauri scout on the beach just last week?"

Bucky grimaces, pushing the mouthful of pastry he's chewing to the inside of his cheek so he can talk. "Clint thinks he found tracks down at the south end of Liberty Beach."

Steve flops back into his chair. "Another one? I really think they're coming, Buck."

"And we could take 'em," Bucky argues.

"But how many people would we lose if we tried to do it on our own?" Steve says. "And if we send the whole army to the waterfront to keep the Chitauri at bay, who's watching our eastern borders?"

"Look, I'm not saying that getting help from Howard was a bad idea. I'm just saying – isn't there another way?"

"I've tried," Steve says sadly. He waves a hand over the contracts on the table between them. "This is the smartest way. The safest."

"So you'll bond with an Omega you've never met. Steve, I know you. You're not… you're not that callous. You're a romantic. You want courting and grand, sweeping gestures and violin music. Not some Omega Consort from Starkland you've never met, that you may not even like."

Steve gives one shoulder a sad little hitch up. "That's the thing about being a leader, Buck. Sometimes you have to sacrifice the things you want in order to make sure your people have the things they need. We don't have the stores, the soldiers, or the weaponry to take on the Chitauri horde if they decide to come for us. King Howard does. He has all that and more."

"But America is a part of Starkland. Why doesn't he just give us the aid we need to protect his own borders? If the Chitauri get through here, they're going through to Starkland anyway. Why does he insist you take a Consort?"

Steve leans forward and rests his head in his hands, rubbing his eyes tiredly. "I don't know. That's the bargain he's insisted on, though. It's not all bad – a Consort will at least cement my ties to the Kingdom. So if we ever need King Howard's help again, maybe he'll be more likely to give it."

"Or maybe this Consort is a spy, and he's doing this to try and take America out from unde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Slow Burn
Lingerie
Top Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Omega Tony Stark
Idiots in Love
Strangers to Lovers
Rimming
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Overstimulation
Dom/sub Undertones
Mildly Dubious Consent
antiquated purity ideas
more plot than intended
Comic Book Science
Inconsistent Technological Parallels to real world
Blatant Disrespect for Biology
Blatant Disrespect for Engineering
Blatant Disrespect for Genetics
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

