Work Text:
Natasha has blinked four times.  Three minutes and forty-eight seconds have gone by. Wanda has scrolled through fifteen of Kylie Jenner’s Instagram posts. Clint knows this because he can see her phone reflected in the window behind her.This is the same window in which Tony Stark leapt out of. His only goodbye was vague, nondescript garbage about “his kid” being in danger.Three minutes and forty-eight seconds.That’s how long it takes before Tony abandons the single most important conference of the year.This is not the first time that Clint has been abandoned. He and Laura are still technically “separated.” And yes, according to her, they’re “going through a rough patch” and he’s “not allowed to see the kids until he attends all sixty hours of court mandated therapy” after “daring a three-year-old to shoot a bottle of aerosol spray whipped cream” with a “semi-automatic weapon.” Her words, not his.(“It’s not like I gave him an automatic weapon, Laura,” Clint had yelled as she’d thrown a couple of tee-shirts into a bag and insisted, he leave. “I could’ve, you know. I have thirteen automatic weapons stashed around the house. But I didn’t dare Nathaniel to shoot the whipped cream with any of them, because I’m a responsible dad.”)Yeah. Maybe Hallway Girl is right. Maybe he does have some shit he needs to work through. But the whole “60 hours of court mandated therapy” thing is bullshit. Clint is confident that if Laura could only understand how insufferable it is to have Neil the therapist try to get him to “talk” about his “trauma,” she would understand how unreasonable she’s being.Evidently, though, Clint isn’t the only one whose mental health has hit a tiny snag. As soon as Tony’s watch flashes red and blue, Tony completely blanches, and he’s thrown himself off the roof before any of them can stop him.It doesn’t matter that they’re discussing whether or not the rogues are still, you know, war criminals. Fuck the fact that it’s the first time Tony and Steve have sat down together since shit hit the fan. Tony abandons them three minutes and forty-eight seconds after the meeting begins. The worst part is that no one except for Clint seems angry about it.“It’s bullshit,” Clint snarls, pacing the room. No one is even looking at him. Wanda is glued to her phone, ogling Kylie Jenner as if she’s more interesting than Clint. Nat is polishing her knives, her eyebrows creasing like they always do when she’s trying to hide how worried she is. “It must be urgent,” says Steve. He sounds worried, too. He isn’t pacing, but he’s tapping one of his fingers on the table, which must be as close as Golden Boy gets to expressing anxiety.“It is urgent,” says Rhodey. He looks the calmest of everyone. He leans back and eyes the group. Rhodey’s not distrustful, exactly, but Clint sees the way he looks at Vision. “Don’t worry, though. Tony has it handled. If he didn’t, he’d call us in.”“He realizes that, until he actually bestows a morsel of his time upon us, we’re still war criminals?” Clint asks. “He knows I’m not allowed to see my beautiful wife and kids until we get our shit together?”“I thought that was unrelated,” says Natasha calmly.“He doesn’t know that!” Clint yells. “What if he doesn’t come back, huh? What if he’s just using that kid as an excuse to—,”“You need to calm down,” growls Wanda, finally looking up from her phone. “Do not talk about things that you do not understand.”“Or what, you’ll post me losing my cool on your Snapchat feed?” demands Clint. “You’ll tag me in all of Kim K’s ass pics and force me to scroll through them? You’ll retweet me?”“I do not think you understand the intricacies of social media,” says Wanda. Her accent has faded slightly, but she still emphasizes her t’s and c’s a bit too much.“Stop using air quotes when you talk, C,” says Sam. “It makes you seem like a college frat-boy.”“It’s his new thing,” says Nat, casually carving her name into the table with her knife. “You know how he used to make lists? He does air quotes now.”“You guys need to focus!” Clint yells. “Tony’s just . . . he’s gone, alright? He’s left us. And we need to prepare for the statistically probable fact that a police man will be knocking on the door of the tower at any minute to tell us that they’ve found his body in central park.”“Woah. Calm down, Legolas,” says Rhodey. “He left five minutes ago. He’ll be back soon, and then we can finish negotiations.”Clint clenches his fists and resumes his pacing.“Man, go take a walk,” says Sam. “Calm down. Go call your therapist or something. This level of freakout is disproportional.”“I have to stay in here,” growls Clint. “What if Tony tries to call us for help?”Clint knows Sam. He likes Sam. But Tony is Clint’s friend, and has been his unofficial landlord since Laura kicked him out. If Tony’s body is found in central park, then Pepper will own Avengers Tower. She’ll kick Clint out and he will be forced to sell his beautiful body on the streets so he can afford a building to live 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

