Chapter 1: Intern Penny
    




Chapter Text

Intern Penny
Penny popped the earbuds in her ears, pulling her hoodie up around her head and zipping it up. It was chilly for September, and she hurried out of school, waving to Ned with glove-covered fingers, and hurried down the street toward the subway station. Her scarf was wrapped tightly around her throat, and she struggled to hit the play button on her music app despite the fact that the gloves were supposed to work with touch-screens. Ever since the bite, if the temperature dropped below the fifties, she was freezing...it was something she was still learning to live with.Her cellphone buzzed as she curled up in the seat in the corner of the subway train, and she pulled it out, using her teeth to pull off one glove to respond to the text from Aunt May after giving up on typing with the gloves on.May: I'll be home late tonight. Think you can fend for yourself for dinner?Penny: I have the internship until 6. I'll be fine.Pulling the glove back on, she leaned her head against the window, staring as they left the tunnel and traveled across town at speeds that made the buildings blur together. Thankfully, no one tried to speak to her that day. Some days she'd have to pretend not to speak English, or pretend she couldn't hear the men over her music. She rarely had too much trouble, though. She'd been riding the subway on her own for years. Tucking her backpack under her arm against the wall of the train, she unzipped just the side, glancing in and checking on the suit for the third time since she'd left school.It was a Friday, which meant no patrolling. Still, she wanted to make sure she had the suit just in case. She never knew what could happen...it was safer to have it close. It was a rough suit, sure...basically a hoodie, sweatpants, and goggles. But it was all she had. Closing her eyes again, she shivered, tightening her scarf. The subway was colder than normal...it was only 52 degrees outside and they had the air conditioning on in the train.When the train stopped at her station, Penny jumped up, pulling her backpack on and hurrying out onto the platform with the other people getting off. She had to fight her way through the crowd, up the stairs, and onto the busy New York street, hands stuffed in her pockets, shivering as she hurried towards the tower that dominated the skyline. The wind bit at her, whistling as it made its way through the huge buildings, and she wondered if she had a heavier coat.Pulling out her pass, she held it up to the side door of the tower, listened for the soft 'beep' and then hurried inside to where it was only slightly warmer. The employee entrance was pretty deserted at this time of day, so she was able to hurry over to the elevator where she held up her pass to the keypad beside the elevator door, then took the elevator down to the intern floor.The intern floor, only half of which was solely devoted to interns, had a private lab where they all had work stations, and cubicles for all five of them. They all reported to a research and development employee who oversaw their work...the program was brand new, so there were still bugs to be worked out. Usually they worked on research projects, helped with research and development, or solved challenges passed down to them by Mr. Stark himself. Those were the hardest. Also the most fun. Sometimes they got to blow stuff up. Once they had been told to develop their own version of the Iron Man armor.They were three months into the internship, so they all knew each other pretty well. Penny was the youngest at fourteen, only a sophomore, and the only one from Midtown. Jasika , Lori, and Raj were all seniors, with Milo the only junior, all from various private schools in New York. All of them had applied through their respective school, and Penny hadn't quite been able to believe her eyes when she'd gotten the acceptance letter.She and May might have jumped around the living room, practically screaming and hugging. This was her chance...her opportunity to get something really impressive on her resume. To get into Stark Industries, the place she'd always wanted to work, ever since Mr. Stark had come on the TV in her living room and said "I am Iron Man."Of course, she'd applied to the internship before getting her powers, so it was just a tad bit more complicated, but not much. The internship was every Friday, so she had plenty of days to patrol. Taking one off wasn't a big deal, plus she could tell May the truth for once."Penny Parker. Just in time." Penny dropped her backpack off at her desk, leaving the scarf on but removing the gloves. She was freezing, plus last nights patrol had led to a couple of nasty bruises that she'd rather not show off lest someone get the wrong idea."For…?" She asked, adjusting her scarf and joining Jasika and Raj at one of the tables."New assignment. Using any resources in the internship lab, build a robot. Then fight them to the death." Penny laughed as Jasika 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Peter is Penny
because Peter is a girl
Irondad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark has an intern

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

