Work Text:
“Kid, I already told you, no.” Tony punched his code into the pad, entering the workshop, Peter following diligently behind.“But, why Mr. Stark?” The pair sat at Tony’s main workstation, Tony probably actually intended on working but Peter was far more focused on wearing down his mentor. “You need moral support.”“Which is exactly why Pepper is coming.” Tony started opening files, pulling up blueprint, generally doing anything he could to look busy to try and get Peter to leave him alone. Not like that had ever worked before. “What I need now is for you to be as far away from trouble as possible, and trust me, this weekend? The compound is going to be trouble.”Captain America & Co. were returning to the US after over a year of being on the run. Tony and Col. Rhodes had been working pretty much nonstop trying to amend The Accords and get Steve and the rest of The Rogues pardoned. About a week ago what was left of the Avengers and the UN had come to an agreement. Most of the Sign-Your-Life-Away clauses had been filtered out and Team Cap were being allowed back in the country. The only stipulation being they had to do six months house arrest (minus missions) to make up for, ya know, breaking so many laws. Unfortunately, those still left MIA didn’t really have any place left to be house arrested to. Which left the compound. Tony had offered it up, but Peter had a sneaking suspicion he’d regretted it as soon as the words left his mouth. Peter wasn’t sure why Tony had to be there when The Rogues arrived but he insisted he did and he was refusing to let Peter come along. He kept saying he didn’t want Peter to embarrass him with his fanboying, but that excuse was flimsy at best.“Is this about keeping me away from The Rogues or keeping The Rogues away from me?” He raised an eyebrow in an accusatory manner.Tony sighed. “Ya know sometimes it’s more polite to keep observations to yourself.” He paused, then made a face, “Also stop calling them The Rogues.”“Sorry, the war criminals.”“Not better.” If Peter had to put a name to the look on Tony’s face it would be ‘long-suffering’.“Okay, but what if I promise not to leave your floor?” He could tell he had Tony’s interest even if he refused to look up from the holograms in front of him. “Team Cap won’t be allowed up there so there’s no danger of me running into them.” When Tony still didn’t acknowledge him, he added a soft, “Please?”“Why do you want to come so bad kid? I’m not kidding when I say I don’t want these guys around you.” Tony finally turned to him. He had on what Rhodey called his ‘Dad Look’ a.k.a. completely exasperated, but still fond. It really only appeared around Peter and DUM-E.“I mean, I don’t particularly want to be around them either.” Peter scrunched up his nose at the idea of having to be around people who hurt someone he cared about. He didn’t have much of a family anymore so he tended to be kind of overprotective of the one he did have. “May’s made me promise that I won’t punch any former national heroes.”Tony scrubbed a hand down his face, “Then what is it, if not to get your Captain America Teddy Bear signed?”“I’m never gonna forgive May for telling you about that,” Peter grumbled. “Really though, Mr. Stark,” He added more enthusiastically. “I’m glad Pepper’s gonna be there, she’s better at handling your emotions, and it’s super awesome that Col. Rhodes is coming so you can have someone on your side in meetings and stuff, but -” Peter paused, trying to figure out how to form his thoughts in a way that would make Tony understand “-you’re gonna be around people you don’t like all weekend - you’re gonna need someone to help distract you and, like, force you to have fun. No offence but you’re, like, really bad at lightening the mood.” Tony chuckled and Peter knew he was winning, “Also it’s my weekend to pick the movies and if you think I’m letting you skip out, you are so wrong.”Tony sighed dramatically, “Fine you can come.”“Yessss” Peter jumped up from his seat, wrapping his arms around Tony’s torso in a one-sided hug.“But not because any of your points were valid! I just don’t want to hear you ramble anymore.”“Whatever you say Mr. Stark.” Peter mumbled, smiling into his mentor’s chest as the hug was finally returned.----It was Sunday afternoon and so far the weekend had been fairly uneventful, Tony had soundproofed his floor so Peter hadn’t even so much as heard The Rogues. Friday night had been dedicated to movies, once Peter had finished his homework of course, Saturday The Rogues arrived and Tony had spent the majority of the day in meetings with Team Cap and their UN adviser, while Peter had caught up on TV and Youtube and designed theoretical improvements to his webbing. Pepper had stopped in occasionally to make sure he wasn’t going mad from boredom and even gave him a pair of Tony’s (relatively) old Smart Glasses to see if he could figure out how he got FRIDAY in there. Sunday morning had been spent in a fairly lazy manner: breakfast, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Light Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

