Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky picks up the paper cup and scribbles the order on the side in his sharp penmenship and then sets it on the counter. “Will that be all?” “And maybe a slice of that lemon bread thing,” the man in front of him says. “Good choice,” Bucky smiles and rings it all up, taking the agent’s money and then calling to one of his coworkers to grab an iced lemon for the customer as they move down the bar. “I can take whoever’s next.” And that is when it happens. “Yeah can I get a venti Caramel Macchiato?” “Hot or Iced?” “Iced.” “And anyth-” Bucky looks up but stops mid-word as he lays eyes on what has to be the hottest man he has ever seen in his entire adult life. Holy fuck he is really gay. He blinks once or twice as Hottie McHotterson just stares blankly at him and then picks up where he left off, “anything else?” “Blueberry muffin?” Bucky sighs and does that retracted slow blink you do when you cannot believe what is happening in front of your fucking eyes and rings it up before going and getting it himself and presenting it back to blonde, stacked, and stubbled. “You can have anything you want … that’ll be --” The guy hands over a $10 bill like he knows and Bucky takes it, gives him his change and watches as he blushes, drops the change in the tip jar and scuttles down to the end of the bar to wait for his drink. That interaction is going to get him through the rest of the morning rush hour and maybe even into the dead zone between breakfast and lunch. Goddamn how can anyone that hot actually work here, it’s criminal? When things calm down, Bucky elbows his coworker, “Hey, Iron Man, please tell me you saw that blonde at breakfast this morning.” “The one with her hair in a --”“No you disgusting heterosexual, the beefcake smokeshow that came in and looked like he could bench-press a Fiat. Lovingly though.” Peter rolls his eyes. “I mean I think so? I don’t really pay attention like you do.” Bucky sighs and reaches out, flicking at their name tags, “this is stupid.” “Privacy man. No compromised identities.” Bucky rolls his eyes and pulls his apron over his head. “I need to get to class. I’ll see you tomorrow. If that guy comes back and asks for my number tell him I’m a verse botto--” “LEAVE.” ****At school, Bucky tries to concentrate but honestly it’s a struggle because all he can think about is the shoulder to waist ratio on the guy who walked into his Starbucks today and also his blue eyes and blonde hair and--“Mr. Barnes?” He glances up from where his pen has been bleeding ink on the page for probably the last 10 minutes straight because there’s a puddle of it. “HnnghYEAH?” “Did you want to share with us your thoughts on the diplomatic immunity situation we discussed last class?” He really wants DICKlomatic immunity which he files away to tell his roommates later but instead clears his throat and flips back to his notes from his last class and scans them before answering at least somewhat intelligibly. He’s relatively certain he has the answer correct even though this isn’t a pass/fail scenario and more an open discussion and thoughtful dialogue.. Whatever that means. Fuck he really likes Professor Rhodes he just wishes the guy wasn’t so attractive and also terrifying. He’s also heard his husband is way scarier but thankfully he’s not a professor so there’s that. Praise God for small favours. By the time classes let out it’s late and Bucky is dawdling around the metro and then skipping a connecting bus to just walk home. It’s not worth waiting around and the weather is just starting to break from winter to spring so he kind of wants to enjoy it before they get a freak last minute blizzard or something. When he gets to his house he unlocks the front door, hangs up his coat and toes off his shoes as he shouts towards the kitchen. “Mom, Dad, I’m home!” “In here sweetheart!” the sarcasm travels. Bucky rolls his eyes and comes around the corner with his bag in hand, “you cooking tonight? Shit I better order a pizza.” “Ha ha very funny,” Clint says, he’s still got his hearing-aids in and Bucky ambles over to see what he’s actually up to before he sets up with his homework at the dining room table. “You need any help in here?” He asks. “Nah, just gonna throw this in the oven to finish and then when Nat gets in we can throw in the garlic bread. You wanna crack open the wine?” “You haven’t already?” Bucky raises an eyebrow and goes over to their rickety little rack and tugs at a few different bottles before he finds the one he’s looking for and grabs it and the bottle opener. Clint motions towards the recycling bin where the bottle that was previously half empty is now full empty and he shrugs. “Some of it went in the sauce.” “Some…” Bucky repeats. He pours out glasses of wine and then takes his to the table to settle in with his homework. He wants to stay on top of things it’s one of the ways he keeps a vestige of control on his life since he came back from Iraq. Not that he talks about that a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Explicit Language
Sign Language
Hard of Hearing Clint Barton
CIA Agent Steve
Barista and Student Bucky
Former military Bucky
sniper Bucky
Former military Steve
Sugar Daddy Steve
D/s undertones
Age Difference
bucky is 28
Steve is 38
Daddy Kink
Pet Names
Spanking
Unprotected Sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
Risk Aware Consensual Kink
very very light bdsm
Check the Author Notes for warnings
Back on my Bullshit 2k19
WRITE THE GARBAGE YOU WANT TO SEE IN THE WORLD FAM
ptsd mention
Edging
Kink Negotiation
Bucky goes back to work
SHIELD but not SHIELD

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

