Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter woke up from his sleep on the couch to his phone ringing loudly on the coffee table next to him. He didn’t remember falling asleep but he must be really tired if he fell asleep on the couch. Peter groaned and reached over to answer the phone call. “Hello?” Peter answered into the phone very groggy from just waking up, he didn’t even know what time it was or why someone was calling him in the middle of the night. He sits up while the lady on the other end of the phone begins to talk. “Hello, is this Peter Parker I am speaking to?” The lady asks hesitantly. Peter begins to feel a bit weird like something is not right but he forces his voice out to respond to the strange lady. “Y-yes this is-is Peter- Peter Parker... umm who’s this?” Peter asks kind of scared for the response he is going to get. The lady on the other end takes a deep breath and continues to speak “Peter, my name is Cindey Binkey and I am calling from Newton Centre Hospital. I am so sorry but your aunt has been in an accident and you need to come to the hospital right now” the lady tries to put as much sorry in her words as possible but it does nothing to help peter. Peter feels his whole world shatter as he hears the lady say those words. He tries to speak but nothing comes out of his mouth, he just feels his heart beating really hard and loud in his chest. He goes to stand up on shaky legs but had trouble doing so. Peter quickly walks into his bedroom to get something but he doesn’t even realize what he’s getting. He then realizes that he hasn’t responded to the lady on the phone yet so Peter pulls the phone back up to his ear not even noticing he moved his phone to his other hand. “No no no” Peter quietly whispers out “Is-is my aunt ok? Is she ok?” Peter doesn’t even know what he would do if something bad happens to his aunt. The lady speaks again, this time sounding really sorry “I’m sorry Peter but I can’t disclose any of that information over the phone, you need to come to the hospital” the lady tells Peter. Peter hangs up the phone not even responding and putting it into his back pocket. Peter exits his room not grabbing anything but a coat from he coat hanger. He quickly puts it on and opens his apartment door, he runs down the hall and down the stairs not even bothering to wait for the elevator. He gets outside and is immediately hit with the cold air. It’s the middle of October so it’s not too cold but it’s cold enough to send a shiver through your body especially because Peter is not dressed properly. Peter begins to run down the sidewalk all the way to the hospital that the lady saids his aunt is at. He nearly bumps into a bunch of people along the way but doesn’t care enough to stop. Peter doesn’t even look both ways to cross the road when he sees the hospital in the distance, he hears people honking the horn loudly at him but he doesn’t seem to care as he continues to run into the hospital doors. Once peter gets into the hospital he begins to look around for the front desk. Once peter finds it he all but spirnts over to the front desk and speaks trying not to cry yet “Hello I- I’m Peter Parker and my aunt May Parker was in an accident” The girl at the front desk who has long black hair, pale skin and bold red lipstick looks up at his questionably and begins to look back down on her computer with a mumbled “ one second” she types something into her computer then look back up at Peter and saids “your aunt is in room 247 but please wait for the doctor” Peter doesn’t listen to her as he runs away trying to find room 247. When peter reaches room 247 he sees a doctor outside who is a young male looking through a notebook or something. Peter walks up to him and the doctor looks up and looks down to Peter. The doctor is tall with dark blonde hair and he is pale with a bit of freckles, he has heavy underbags under his eyes and he opens his mouth to speak to peter. “Hello my name is doctor Bunn and I am so sorry Peter but we did everything we could go save your aunt but she lost so much blood that there was nothing we could do. I am so sorry for your loss” Peter does not believe what he is hearing. He immediately starts to cry loudly and falls back against the wall and slides down it and brings his knees to his chest and puts his face in his knees. Peter feels his heart just break into half and he has trouble breathing, he begins to gasp for air as he feels someone put their hand on his back, he looks up from his face in his knees and he looks up at the doctor who has knelt down beside him. Peter opens his mouth to speak but nothing but a sob comes out. He opens his mouth to try again “can- can I please see her? Can I please see my aunt?” The doctor stands up and moves to the door he was once standing at and opens it for peter. “Yes you can. Her body is in here” he pushes the door a little bit more open for peter to walk in. Peter begins to stand on shaky legs and all he can think about is ‘her body is in he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker tony stark platonic relationship
Peter Parker Is Sad
Tony Stark acting like a dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
peter Parker tony stark platonic cuddling
everything is platonic
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
peter cries a lot
peter Parker has separation anxiety
peter Parker codependency
unhealthy codependency
Irondad
spiderson
Father-Son Relationship
Panic Attacks
Peter acts a little younger in this
Adoption
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Sickfic
Vomiting
Blood and Injury
Surgery
Sleep Deprivation
Bed-Wetting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

