Work Text:
 “And we’re going to go live right now to the Capital, where Howard Stark has just entered the building for his hearing before Congress regarding Shield.” Andrea Mitchell announced. “Chuck Todd is there, what do you see?”“The elder Stark, who is 91 years old, very nearly 92, is being escorted into the chamber by former Assistant Director of Shield and current Assistant Director of the Avengers Initiative, Maria Hill, and longtime friend of Mr. Stark’s son Tony, Colonel James Rhodes. Colonel Rhodes is, of course, also goes by the name Iron Patriot. This has been a big week for the Stark family. On Sunday, during an Oprah interview, Tony Stark announced that he had a 23 year old daughter, and introduced her to the world. Darcy Stark began her first official day in the public eye on Monday, where she held a press conference as the newly installed co-CEO of Stark Industries, and announced the formation of the Avengers Initiative. Which, like the X-Men or Fantastic Four, will be a separate and independent security force. Just yesterday, three longtime Stark Industries Board Members resigned, stating that they did not trust Ms. Stark or her leadership. This stems from her second action as Co-CEO, where she announced that all employees, even their so-called non-skilled workers would be paid equally, regardless of gender. She pointed out that in a six month audit she requested, she found that in the lower paying jobs, men with less seniority were being paid on average $5,000 more a year and were far more likely to be promoted then their female counterparts. Further, Ms. Stark announced that they would raise their minimum wage to $20 an hour, and they would expand health care coverage to include domestic partnerships and civil unions. At least two more Board members are expected to turn in their resignations at the end of the week.”“Yes, how dare I want happy, healthy employees and how dare I not discriminate.” Darcy mumbled. Fitz handed her popcorn.“Can I just comment on how spry Howard Stark looks for a 91 year old?” Chris Matthews interjected. “Apparently he hasn’t realized Rogers is older.” Tony commented. Steve threw a pillow at him. “You’re too sensitive gramps.”“Shut up, they’re swearing him in.” Pepper commented. Everyone in the room shut up and turned to the TV. 
“Mr. Stark, do you know why you’re here today?” 

“Yes Chairman Issa. I’m old, not senile.” Howard responded. “Though why you’ve dragged a 91 year old man who hasn’t been directly responsible for Shield for over 55 years, and hasn’t consulted with Shield in at least 20, before Congress I don’t know. Considering it’s been that long I’m sure I do not have relevant information.”

“We’ll be the judge of that, Mr. Stark.”

“Excellent.” Howard sat back, looking defiant. 

“You helped found Shield, correct?”

“I did. After the war ended.”

“Why did you found it? Did you think Hydra was still a threat?”

“I helped found it because I wanted to do something to make up for helping create the atomic bomb. I wanted to save the world instead of destroy it. And of course I thought there were still Hydra members out there immediately following the war, there were still Nazis out there. I did not think they were a threat though.” 

“And you recruited Arnim Zola.”

“I did not, no. Colonel Chester Phillips believed that we had needed of a scientist of his caliber. It was on his information we were able to find the last Hydra base and defeat Red Skull. Obviously I was unaware of his true loyalties.”

“Did you know him well?”

“No. We kept him in a lab and gave him no power. It wasn’t until new leadership, at the behest of the World Security Counsel was brought in 1964 after the assassination of President Kennedy, that Zola was given any access to top secret data.” 

“Why didn’t you leave him in Germany?”

“The US Government, during Operation Paperclip, brought over 1,500 German scientists and technicians so the Russian’s could not get them. Zola may be a horrible monster, but he was a scientist whose ideas were, we thought, much safer in our hands then in Russia’s. Part of the reason Colonel Phillips, who made the decision, brought Zola into Shield was because Zola had sold out Hydra and its location of the secret base without thinking after we captured him. It may have had something to do with the fact that he was responsible for the death of Captain Rogers’ oldest and dearest friend so I’d be a little terrified of the Captain in that moment too. Though if you’re about to ask me why Colonel Phillips picked Shield, I’d suggest you ask Colonel Phillips. But he’s dead and has been for about 60 years, so unless you’re asking me to reanimate his corpse we should switch to subjects I know about.”

 

“Mr. Stark…” Congressman Carter Montgomery began. Howard smirked. “What do you know about the Winter Soldier?”

“Nothing. Other then he tried to assassinate me, of course.”

“Were you aware that your accident was an attempted assassination?”

“At the time, no. Until 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Howard Stark is alive
Starks testify before congress

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

