Chapter 1: In or Out?
    




Chapter Text
This was the last place that Peter expected to be. To be frank, it was an absolute shit hole. But he was between a rock and a starving place. His bank account was looking worse for wear and taking picture of Spider-Man didn’t exactly have him rolling in dough. He had no choice but to start looking into other revenue options. He didn’t know the exact details of how he ended up in front of Sister Margaret’s, ready to be scrubbing unknown substances off surfaces. He might have overheard an alley conversation on patrol about it and he might have set a reminder on his phone to look into it.
God, this place really was shady. The noise from inside leaked through the door and Peter would have one hell of a headache if he hadn’t already steeled himself against the onslaught of assault. He shoved his hands a little deeper into the pockets of his over sized hoodie. His stomach rumbled and he frowned. Right… he hadn’t eaten yet today. It was a very physical reminder of why he had come here.
The nape of his neck began to prickle and he stood a little straighter. Good job, Peter. That’ll intimidate them. Bristle like a little five foot six bear. He nearly rolled his eyes at himself.
“I wouldn’t recommend going in there, cupcake. Those nasty heathen will eat you right up,” said a rough voice from behind him.
Peter almost replied with a snarky ‘I’d like to see them try’ but held his tongue. He looked over his shoulder to see a large man draped in a red and black suit that did nothing to conceal the strength of the muscles beneath. He was loaded up with weapons. Peter’s spider sense should have been going wild but he didn’t feel threatened. Intrigued? Absolutely.
“Oh soggy biscuits! You’re just… is it my birthday? What brought you to this dumpster, pumpkin? You are way too pretty to be hanging around here. Isn’t it past your bedtime?”
“I haven’t had a bedtime since I was 12,” Peter muttered dumbly. He was more than a little distracted by the way this man’s body seemed to radiate danger and yet he could only admire it.
“So, yesterday?”
“Dude… I’m 23.” He was glowering. He knew that he looked younger than most. He was still hoping to grow out of his baby face. His eyes were still just as large and wide as they had been years ago, despite the things he had seen. The large glasses he wore more out of habit than need didn’t help at all. They did conceal the soft littering of freckles across the bridge of his nose and his cheeks though.
“You’re a baby! You definitely should not be here, lil’ one. Off you go. Shoo. Before someone takes a bite out of you.” Peter was sure he heard him mutter ‘someone being me’. 
“I think I can handle it. Thanks though.” He meant it. It was probably the only nice thing that would be said to him once he opened that door and it made him feel just a little bit better. He shuffled over to the door and gave it a yank. He was instantly overwhelmed by the noise and the scent. The air was smokey yet stale and bitter with alcohol. His nose wrinkled immediately.
He heard a sigh behind him and suddenly there was a hand on the door and a body behind him. Stupidly, he looked over his shoulder again. Jesus. Mister tall, dark and strapped was towering over him and radiating heat. His mouth might have fallen open a little.
“Since you’re so eager, I’ll be a gentleman and hold the door for ya. In you go, peaches. The faster you get in there, the sooner you’ll be scurrying out. And I’m all about getting a view of that ass when it goes.”
“What makes you think I’ll be in a rush to leave?” It doesn’t occur to him that they’re standing in the doorway, his back nearly pressed into his chest. Peter continues to stare up at the man, wondering at the heat in his core.
He groans. “Fuck, baby boy. You gotta stop looking up at me like that. You put porn stars to shame with those big browns. I bet you get whatever you want with that face.”
He scoffed. Not even a little bit. “Hardly. I’m very familiar with the word no.”
“Who could possibly say no to you?” He sounded genuinely offended.
“Just about everyone I’ve ever met. In fact, I expect to hear a no in about two minutes when I find this Weasel guy.” Peter is fully prepared to be shot down. He is also fully prepared to try to have to sell himself, humbleness be damned.
The masked face tilts and looks at him curiously. If Peter wasn’t often surrounded by masks and unnatural beings, he might wonder how it was that the white the made up the man’s eyes moved to display emotions.
“What could a sweetheart like you want with a dickhead like Weasel?”
“A job.”
Somehow the confusion on the masked face only seemed to grow. Had his response been so surprising?
“In or out; close my fucking door,Wade!”
“Of course, shnookums!” The masked man called back.
Wade. Wade’s a nice name. Wade is the kind of masculine name he could see belonging to a guy like this. It was also the kind of name he could see himself uttering later when he was alone. He hadn’t even
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Peter is poor
Idiots in Love
Weasel is a bro
Older Peter
Wade really likes taking care of Pete
Light Dom/sub
petnames
slight daddy kink
Maybe more than slight
daddypool
Peter's noises should be illegal
these boys are too soft
Mutual Interest

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

