Chapter 1: The one where it all begins
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was well accustomed with loss. He might even call it an old friend. First his parents, Jarvis, Obi. None was quite as harrowing as losing Peter. His golden boy, the first family Tony had since his parents' death. Peter.Tony didn't think he was ready to be a father when May Parker showed up on his doorstep with a baby in her arms. She wasn't the mother, the mother died at birth. Tony was the father, that's what she told him. He couldn't even remember the woman he supposedly impregnated. That didn't have to mean anything though. Tony's drinking habits were less than stellar at the time.A paternity test proved his worst fear to be true. Fatherhood. Tony had no concept of a good father, thinking of his own only caused year old resentment and grief to bubble up inside of him. A strange mix, confusing, too. He tried to learn from his father's mistakes, to do the opposite. Peter didn't have a mother and Tony was a busy man, it would've been easy to hand him over to a Nanny, make him someone else's problem. But Tony wanted to be better. So he did everything himself. He changed diapers and fed him, he sat awake at night,  not because he was working but because Peter wasn't sleeping, he cared for him when he was sick, taught him how to walk, how to talk, to read and write and build his first robot.Even though Tony was scared shitless, convinced that he wasn't ready, that he would fuck him up somehow, he loved his son more than anything in the world. Peter made Tony believe that he could be better, that he wasn't beyond repair, that there was more to life than working and partying.  Peter made Tony better. And then Peter died. ~It was all over the news for months. Tony missed most of it.He came home from a buisness trip, one that he didn't take Peter on. He was gone for one day. Only one day. He tried to leave as rarely as possible but he still had to do it sometimes. So he left him with Obi, that was when he still trusted him. Not eve n a year later he would realize that that was his first mistake. When he came home Obadiah was unconscious, the security system was turned off and Peter? Peter was gone. Except that he wasn't. There was blood, so much blood that Tony knew, whatever they did to his son, he couldn't have survived it. He stepped into Peter's bedroom and when he saw the massacre they left, his mind shut off. There were questions. Who could do something like this to a child? Why? What was their motivation? Their end goal? If it was to rip out Tony's heart and crush it into dust, they succeeded. It didn't matter, though.They buried an empty casket. Peter Stark was dead and for a while, Tony was too. Life continued though, the earth kept on spinning and it wouldn't wait on Tony. He was well accustomed to loss, he knew how to pull himself out of sorrow, even if it always stayed with him. Work. It always took Tony's mind off things, he just needed to find a project that would keep him busy, overtake his thoughts. Then Afghanistan happened.~Tony never stopped grieving his son and it would be a lie, if he claimed that it got easier. It didn't. He just got better at handling it. He tried everything to give his life purpose again. Became Iron Man, became an Avenger, he even fell in love with a man who knew loss as intimately as Tony did. Steve was a gift, a blessing, the first person after Peter that Tony could truly call family. But even then, the sorrow never dwindled. Two times a year, Peter's birthday and the day of his death, Tony retreated to mourn his beautiful boy. Steve let him, never questioned it, never judged. Because he had his own family that he mourned. He understood.Tony told Steve up front that he'd never have children again. That he couldn't bear the fear of losing them, and if he did, he wouldn't survive it. Tony thought that would be enough to send Steve away. He already prepared himself for another loss. It didn't happen,  Steve stayed. Each time Tony pushed him away, not because he wanted Steve gone, just because he was trying to get to the inevitable pain quicker, Steve stayed. Days passed, weeks, months, years. Suddenly a decade. It didn't feel like it. Tony could still see the blood like it had been yesterday. Peter would've been 19 years old. Except he never got to go that far. Never even turned ten, never went to high school or graduated, never fell in love, never kissed a girl, never went to prom or got his drivers license.Peter Stark never got to live a normal life. That didn't mean that he was dead, though Tony just didn't know that yet.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Death (Marvel)/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Protective Steve Rogers
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Insecure Wade Wilson
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Hydra (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Kidnapping
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Mental Health Issues
Human Experimentation
Road Trips
Waffles
Peter is Not Impressed
Wade just wants to do the right thing
Steve is a good step dad
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
mostly angst tho
I love angst
Idiots in Love
Deadpool being Deadpool
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Character Death
But it's Deadpool so not really
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags Are Hard
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author Regrets Everything
Not Beta Read
Btw does somebody want to be my beta
The Author isn't english and has german auto correct
mistakes will happen
I'm Sorry
Body Horror
Vomiting
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Mildly Dubious Consent
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Past Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Slow Burn
Dubious Consent
Suicide Attempt

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Death (Marvel)/Wade Wilson

