Chapter 1: None of the Avengers have a healthy sleep schedule
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEE-
Peter Parker let out a muffled groan and rolled over in his bed, blindly reaching to find his phone. Narrowly avoiding knocking over a glass of water on his bedside table, he grabbed the phone and deactivated the alarm."Good morning Peter! I see you are now awake," Came the voice of FRIDAY from above him, as he slowly forced himself into a sitting position. "The weather today is 68 degrees Fahrenheit, with a chance of rain. Also, Loki told me to tell you that, quote, 'It definitely was not me who broke that lego ship thing you left in the living room' end quote. However, I have footage that says otherwise," the AI continued, as the lights turned on and the window blinds rolled up.Peter squinted against the light. "Mhmnhhm... th... th's great Fri," He mumbled, not yet awake enough to process any sort of information. After a moment, he succumbed to his sleepiness and collapsed back into his bed (or as he liked to call it, the Comfy Zone).He felt ridiculously tired. He wished he could say that the reason for that was something to do with being Spider-Man - perhaps he had been out late saving people or stopping bad guys or you know, doing anything productive, but no, he just had to stay up till an ungodly hour watching vine compilation videos on YouTube.After a few moments of just sort of suffering in his now awake consciousness, he finally clambered out of bed and stretched, Iron Man pajamas on full display. They were a gift from Mr Stark, who had dramatically handed them to him with a shit-eating grin on his face a few weeks ago. He had, at the time, resolved to never wear them (because, how embarrassing would that be) but as it turned out, they were incredibly comfy.He padded over to the other side of the room to gaze out the wide floor-to-ceiling windows at the high up view of New York City. He stood in his bedroom, which just so happened to be located on the top floor of Stark Tower.A couple of months before, there had been some dangerous supervillains running about. They were eventually put away, but not before his whole apartment building got destroyed in the battle that ensued.  Luckily no-one had died, but he and Aunt May were left without a home. That is until Mr Stark offered to let them move into Stark Tower (since, in Tony's words he "needed somewhere to stay and hey, Spider-man is practically an Avenger anyway! It's about time he moved in with the rest of us!" Which was, to say the least, an incredible thing to hear)Unfortunately, he had ended up losing almost all his stuff, which really sucked, but Mr Stark was intent on replacing everything Peter lost. He had objected at first, but Tony insisted, pointing out that he is quite literally a billionaire. Peter couldn't really argue with that. Since then he had officially become an actual Avenger and had bonded with everyone quite a bit.As he wandered out of his room and into the communal living space the scent of bacon and eggs flooded his nostrils. A few of the other Avengers were already up, Wanda and Natasha were seated on a couch, talking and Steve stood at the kitchen stovetop, evidently the source of the delicious smell."Peter, good morning!" said Steve as he turned off the stove. "I've just finished making breakfast," He gestured with his spatula to the aforementioned food, Peter now noticed there were also some pancakes, "Would you like some?""Yeah, yeah I..." Peter flapped his left hand around vaguely, trying to remember how to form sentences this early in the morning, "Yeah I'll have some in just a bit... gotta get some coffee in me first."He winced a little at the general sounds around him. Sensory overload is always the worst right after he wakes up, and having enhanced senses certainly didn't help."Alright, well it's there when you're ready to eat," Steve replied as he plated up his own breakfast and sat down at the dining table. Peter pressed the button on the coffee machine and watched as the milk and coffee combined and swirled in the mug in a soothing manner. He vaguely wondered about fluid dynamics."Did I hear someone say coffee? Lord knows I could use some of that right now," came the unmistakable voice of Tony Stark, walking into the room. As Peter's coffee finished pouring Tony went to get some for himself."So. Petey. Kiddo. Good morning, nice pajamas," He said, grabbing a coffee cup, "Y'know... FRIDAY told me about the time you got to bed last night. What was it, 3 AM or so?""Ha... hah. Whaaat," Peter took a sip of his coffee, "That couldn't possibly be it. Noooo way. I definitely wasn't-""Remember what I told you?  It's important to have a healthy sleep schedule at your age." Tony said."What time did you go to bed last night then, Tony?" Said Wanda, who had been watching from the other side of the room with amusement."What?""Yeah! You're lecturing m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
spideychelle if you squint - Relationship

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
IronDad and SpiderSon
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Fluff
lots of fluff
Autistic Peter Parker
Autism
Sensory Overload
Stimming
you can pry this headcanon from my cold dead hands
in this fic civil war happened but they ended up just talking it out
infinity war? whos she
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
theyre all just a big happy family and nothing bad has ever happened
denial? in MY me? more likely than you think
Domestic Avengers
Field Trip
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
flash is there and he sucks as per usual
ned and mj are good pals
loki is a force of chaos and i love him
Flash Thompson Redemption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
spideychelle if you squint - Relationship

