Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
1.“Gotta watch your back with this guy” Clint said, banging his hands against the bars, “There's a chance he's gonna break it”Tony turned back slightly, the only indicator just how deep Clint's words cut into him.“Shut up Clint” Sam demanded, getting up from his seat on the cot.“Pissed off or not you don't say that kind of shit” Sam stated angrily.“True though ain't it?” Clint retorted with a sneer, ignoring Sam.“Rhodes got hurt because I dodged Vision's attack. If his injuries are anyone's fault they're mine” Sam countered angrily, despondently.“It was friendly fire. You dodged an attack. Not like you planned it” Tony corrected.“That's rich coming from you. Pretty sure his medical report says knocked unconscious by repulsor” Clint sneered.“You saying you'd be completely clear-headed after watching your best friend fall to his death?” Sam countered back.“None of this would have happened if he hadn't chosen Ross over his team, but then again you never were a team player” Clint barbed out.Something in Tony snapped then.“Not a team player. Right. Because I didn't break my 'I-don't-make-weapons-anymore’ rule for all of you so that you had the best tech and equipment possible to keep you safe! That I fixed your gear even when I had countless SI deadlines, or charities and Galas to go to. Because those weren't my jets that you used for transport or my facilities you lived at. Facilities I made sure we're fully stocked with any food and amenities that you could ever need” Tony spat out, taking furious steps back up to Barton's cell.“Because I didn't spend countless hours with PR and lawyers covering all your sorry asses when the world wanted your heads on a platter!” Tony roared, shoving himself right up against the bars of Barton's cage.“Does it even occur to you what I had to do to keep Wanda from being deported because of Steve's fuck up in Lagos!” Tony challenged, “She doesn't have a visa! People had signs outside the Compound saying Burn the Witch. If she hurt a civilian on accident because they attacked her in anger not even God could keep her from being deported!”Clint's expression dropped, taking a step back away from the bars.“I gave all of you every out possible to stop this! You're the ones who spurned every fucking olive branch! You're the ones who kept information from us!” Tony ranted furiously.“I didn't side with Ross. I sided with the one hundred and seventeen countries who flat out said that they were scared of us!” Tony reprimanded, turning wildly to looked at each of them.“Ross called us dangerous” Tony sneered, his voice calmer but more hardened, “Way to prove him right”Tony turned on his heels out of the room.Screw them.Screw Steve and Barnes.They can deal with Zemo themselves.He had real friends he needed to be beside right now. 2.“You're kidding right?” Clint demanded in disbelief.“Clint-” Natasha to assure (and suede).“No. You're seriously just going to dump all of SHIELD's info onto the web?...And you're just going to let him?” Clint demanded, giving Natasha an are-you-kidding-me-right-now look.“Hydra's dug it's nails too deep Clint” Natasha said, trying to make him see reason.“And dumping all the files is the only solution? No I refuse to go along with this moronic idea” Clint declared firmly.“We don't have time for a debate” Steve retorted stubbornly, refusing to budge.“You're right we don't” Clint agreed, pulling out a burner phone, “Which is why I'm calling Stark”“You can't” Steve cut in almost frantically.“And why not? He helped on some of the design of the helicarriers right? I mean if anyone can hack into them it's him” Clint challenged, narrowing his eyes suspiciously at Steve.“The lines could be compromised. We'll be putting Stark and ourselves at risk” Steve tried to reason.“Yeah well I'm not gonna sit by and let you get families killed because you refuse to back down” Clint retorted coldly.“Families?” Sam questioned concerned.“Most of SHIELD isn't Hydra. You dump all the data then you not only compromise the agents that aren't Hydra, including the ones currently undercover, but you compromise their families as well as anyone else affiliated with SHIELD indirectly or otherwise” Fury expanded, hoping that him piggybacking off Barton might help save parts of SHIELD.“That's a risk I'm willing to take if it means exposing Hydra” Steve declared almost callously.“Fuck you man! I'm not gonna let you get my family murdered just because you got something to prove” Clint roared out, finally reaching his breaking point.“Family?” Steve questioned (read: demanded) in disbelief.“A wife and two kids” Clint confirmed snidely, not even bothering to look at Steve anymore as he finished tapping out his text message and clicking send.“I just sent a message to Stark. I expect that he'll reach out on a secured line soon” Clint declared.“We don't have time to wait for him!” Steve shouted, l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
not team Cap friendly
actions have consequences
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Team Iron Man
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Don't Like Don't Read
What-If
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Iron Man 3
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Thor: The Dark World
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Team Cap bashing
Poor Life Choices
Not Canon Compliant
Fix-It
Not A Fix-It
Redemption
no redemptions
Consequences
Major Character Injury
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Hurt Steve Rogers
Realistic
Wanda Bashing
Steve Rogers bashing
Mistakes
Character Death
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Character Death Fix
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
None
