Chapter 1: Frangipane
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky slaps the bowl on the counter, fighting back a yawn; he throws in the sugar, the butter, the flour, and sleepily mixes the lot together with his hand.It’s just after five a.m., and he’s been here since four a.m. -- also known as too goddamn early. But, the zombie hoard of Manhattan professionals will be in at six a.m. on the dot, so Bucky better have his shit, and his baked goods, together by then.The oven’s waiting as he rolls the lemons around roughly on the counter and sets them aside, moving on to the pastry for the frangipane, crumbling the butter and flour between his fingers until he can sift through it like breadcrumbs.When the crusts are baking in the oven, he makes the fillings, and, letting them set in the fridge, returns to piping icing, chocolate, and glazes on the now-cooled muffins and croissants he’d pulled out of the oven thirty minutes ago. They’re set out in the display case as soon as they’re done, and Bucky hums in distinct pleasure to himself, while he admires his handiwork.It’s an Omega Moment, and he’s glad Darcy isn’t around to witness it. She’d probably take a picture and tease him for preening. He can’t blame her for not understanding; she is his only Beta friend, after all.Make that his only friend. Whatever .After he’s officially done prepping most of the pastries and baked goods, he lets himself drag his hands through his hair, slipping the fingers of his right hand along the knots in his left shoulder. The joint twinges, as always, and he grimaces at the pull of pain in his lower right back. He can’t rub what’s really causing the tension - the mating gland, right at the edge of the scarring.  You’re lucky,  the doctor had said,  both glands, still intact. Lucky isn't really a word James Buchanan Barnes would use to describe himself.“Universe’s Punching Bag” is more accurate.Darcy might even posit “Adorable Old Cat Granny,” the ‘adorable’ thrown in mostly for mollifying purposes.The bell rings at the back of the coffee shop, and Bucky heads through the kitchen to the employee entrance, his nose twitching at the neutrality of the space. Right now, the kitchen smells like vanilla and apricot and lemon, all pleasant smells, but it doesn’t smell like Bucky or like home or like anything … familiar.The health code is pretty particular though, which means Bucky’s on insurance-provided suppressants. Therefore, his scent is essentially stunted, and his working space doesn’t smell anything like his living space (and the suppressants are so powerful, his living space barely smells like him, something his Omega-therapist often makes sad, concerned noises over when he mentions it through gritted teeth at his weekly appointments). But, he tells himself he doesn’t mind, that it’s nice to go about his day, passing as a Beta, serving Alphas and Omegas alike who have no idea that the guy with the man bun and the silver hand and the terrible posture is secretly an Omega at the peak of his fertility, barely twenty-five years old, and with ‘child-bearing hips,’ according to the doctor he’d gone to when he was sixteen and presented, the doctor he’d promptly punched in the face.Bucky’s already a bad Omega - he doesn’t need the reminder at work.He pushes the thought aside and swings the door open to reveal Darcy Lewis, dripping wet from the random downpour; she walks in bristling like an alleycat, wheeling her monstrosity of a bike in with her.“Pierce said we can’t keep our bikes in here,” Bucky points out immediately, already closing the door behind her before the warmth of the kitchen can leak out, or the humidity can mess with his muffins.These are actual concerns that he has.
Fuck, he needs to get laid.
It’s another intrusive thought to push aside, and it’s easy to ignore when Darcy pushes his good arm playfully. “I’m not leaving my baby out there,” she pouts. “It’ll rust.”“If I put you out there, will you rust?” He grabs a spoon and shakes it at her playfully as he goes to stir the apple pie filling cooking on the stove.“Shit, that smells good.” Darcy floats over hopefully, her grubby hands clutched together in front of her while she eyes the pot eagerly. He sighs and fishes around in his apron until he pulls out an extra croissant, one that just so happened to not make it into the display case. Darcy ooo’s with excitement and snatches it away before he can change his mind, immediately nibbling on the treat.Bucky snorts. “Trash panda.”“I’m your trash panda,” Darcy hollers at him over her shoulder, already scooting away to clock in. She’ll have to close down, as Bucky’s been here since ass o’clock, and she gets a shorter lunch break than he does, but she also doesn’t have the curse of being the only baker currently employed by Le Soldat d’Hiver.Even the name is fuckin’ pretentious, Bucky thinks grumpily, taking the filling off the heat with a little more force than strictly nece
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Coffeeshop AU
Misunderstandings
Fluff
alternating pov
Mates and Soulmates
Smut
Baker Bucky
Smitten Steve
Stress baking to avoid problems

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

