Work Text:
There was no month that Natasha hated more than January. It wasn't the month's fault, per say, but rather Clint's fault. For being somebody who dealt with sharp, pointy objects on the daily, Clint had a terrible fear of needles. He absolutely refused to get any shots that he didn't have to, and more often than not, another Avenger had to hold him down when he was injured and required an IV. That, or Natasha would get fed up with him and pinch a nerve in his neck to make him pass out. So, whenever flu season came around and Bruce went about giving all of human Avengers their flu shots, Clint was always nowhere to be found. And as such, he got the flu.
Every. Single. Year.
And every single January that Clint got sick, Natasha swore up and down to herself that she wasn't going to give in to Clint's sickly begging and pleading. But then, the stupid archer would bat his stupid eyelashes and give her those stupid puppy dog eyes and say something along the lines of “But Naaat... I'd do it for you.” And she knew he would- Clint was just a good person like that- and so, like every other flu season, Natasha found herself giving in to Clint's whims.
This year, he was adamant about cough drops. But not just any cough drop, no, Clint had to be emotionally invested in a cherry-flavored, half-lollipop, half-cough drop. Natasha didn't even believe they existed, but when Clint began bemoaning his existence and whining up a storm, Natasha had practically stormed out of the Tower to the nearest pharmacy just to get him to shut up.
Which was how Natasha found herself in this predicament, stalking up and down the flu and cold medicine isle at a 24-hour CVS. There were too many cough-drops. Natasha could never have dreamed the crazy flavors that lined the plastic shelves: everything from lemon-honey to lavender to cinnamon. She saw a few cherry-flavored lozanges, but none of the lollipop-style ones that Clint had begged for. Natasha was just about to give up, grab a random bag, and tell Clint to 'shove it' when an angry voice met her ears.
“Come on, kid,” a worker several isles over was speaking loud enough for Natasha to hear him clearly, “you've been walking around for at least a half-hour, and you look like you've been shooting up for days. Just leave before I call the cops, okay?”
A frail cough met Natasha's ears, and she winced at the sound. It sounded like whatever kid was getting yelled at was terribly sick- his raspy breathing was obvious now, and Natasha wondered how she hadn't heard it earlier.
“'M not shootin' up...” the kid protested weakly. “'M just... just need some Advil or somethin'...”
“'Or somethin', hm?” the worker huffed, crossing his arms over his chest. “Look, kid, I dunno if you're sick or on something, but you need to just leave, okay? I'm not selling you anything when you're obviously high.”
The boy's voice grew even more pained, and Natasha could hear the tears thick in his throat. “'M not high,” the boy insisted, “jus' hurts...”
“Okay, let's go-” the worker began, grabbing the teenager's bicep and gearing to drag him to the door.
Natasha sighed heavily, pressing her fingers to her temples. She didn't need to intervene. She didn't. The kid probably was high from the way he had been slurring his words, but he had also said that something hurt... It wasn't like her to be so concerned about a complete stranger, but Natasha found herself stalking towards the sliding doors at the front of the store before she could stop herself.
And it was a good thing, too, because right as she rounded the corner of the flu and cold isle, she saw the skinny teenager lean forward and heave up bile on the worker's shoes.
“You brat-!” the worker snarled, his grip tightening painfully on the kid's bicep. When Natasha saw the teen wince, tears coming to his eyes at the touch, she darted forward and ripped him away from the raving employee. “Is that your kid?!” he all but shouted at Natasha. “He just ruined my fucking shoes!”
“Be glad it was just your shoes that were ruined,” Natasha said lowly with a sharp glare.
The worker stammered a bit, clearly not expecting her response. “Are you threatening me?!”
Natasha bared her teeth in a wicked smile. “No, not threatening. Promising.”
And then recognition lit up in the worker's eyes, and he went pale. “Y-You're the Black W-W-Widow!”
Natasha hummed, pulling the gagging teen in her hands closer to her chest. “Shouldn't you be getting back to work?” She tilted her head down towards the mess on the floor. “You've got clean-up on isle twelve.”
The worker huffed a bit, but a sharp glare from Natasha sent him rushing to the back room to grab some cleaning supplies.
Once she was convinced that the threat was neutralized, Natasha peered down at the kid in her arms. He looked to be about sixteen and skinny in stature, though the multitude of layers he was wearing hide his physique. From beyond a wool scarf pulled up to his chin and a beanie over his brows, Natasha could see cloudy brow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Implied Background Relationships - Relationship

freeform: 
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Mama spider Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Minor Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Angst
Orphan Peter Parker
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Identity Reveal
But only a little
Natasha Romanov Knows All
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Overdosing
accidental overdosing
Stabbing
stab wounds
Peter Parker Has No Self-Preservation Instincts
Natasha Romanov is Mama Spider
Baby Spider Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Implied Relationships

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Implied Background Relationships - Relationship

