Chapter 1: he took my kid
    




Chapter Text
He’s staring at his hands. He’s been doing that for a while: maybe a few seconds, maybe hours, maybe years. “Get up.” He’s not dissolving. “Terran.” Why isn’t he disappearing? Why can’t the universe just let him die? “We’re not dying here. Not today.” He looks up, sparing one last glance at his hands. His face is wet, but he didn’t realise he was crying. He doesn’t feel like he’s crying. He doesn’t feel anything at all. “If you were going to go, it would have happened by now.” The blue alien stands over him, the metal embedded in their skin glinting in the orange light. They hold out a robotic hand. “Get up.” “Why?” Tony’s voice sounds like his throat is shredded, raw with pain and thirst and choked-down sobs. “Just let me…let me…” “You have no idea how much I want that,” they tell him. “I’m not in the habit of inconveniencing myself for others, especially not someone as fragile as your species seems to be, but I heard the wizard. You’re important.” “Clearly I’m not. Not if I couldn’t even…” Couldn’t even hold one person together. Couldn’t even save the kid he would have died for in a heartbeat. Why had Strange given up the Stone if Tony was only going to fail? How was this the only way? The idiot should’ve kept the Stone and let Tony die. Half the universe would still be alive. Peter would still be alive. 
Peter Peter Peter-
 “There’s more to this.” The alien still isn’t leaving. “We’re not done yet, so get up and help me find a ship that can get us off this planet.” “Why?” The alien rolls their black eyes and grabs his hand, yanking him to his feet. His wound flares with pain. “Ah! Ow, ow-“ “Why? For them. For everyone Thanos took, for everyone that died trying to stop him. For our friends. For my sister. For your son.” They both start walking, and Tony’s too busy trying not to yell in pain to correct her. “You might be prepared to shrivel up and die, but the wizard sacrificed everything for you. Are you going to insult him by throwing it back in his face? Are you going to insult the memory of your child by giving up?” “He’s not my-“ Tony pants harshly as they climb a particularly steep pile of rubble. “I’m not his-“ I wasn’t. He wasn’t. The alien laughs harshly. “Thanos called himself my father for most of my life. You were more of a father to that boy in a few minutes than he was to me in twenty years. Gamora said we’d always be sisters, even though we weren’t even the same species.” She laughs again. “Now she’s dead, I’m being more of a sister than I ever was before.” Gamora. Tony wishes she was alive, only because if Quill hadn’t lost his shit, everything might have turned out all right. The alien slides down the other side of the heap of rubble. Tony follows more carefully, wincing every time he pulls at his wound. There’s a ship in front of them, resting on the dusty red ground, oddly beautiful yet strangely menacing at the same time. “This belonged to my friends.” The alien shakes herself and walks towards the ramp. “It should still fly.” “I’m Tony.” It’s weird, out of place in the conversation, but better to get it out now than get hours into their new alliance and be too awkward to ask. “Nebula.” She helps him on board and they both take in the red planet one more time before the ship’s door closes.  “There you are.” Nebula reaches out and touches his shoulder, carefully, like she’s not sure that’s how to do it. “Thought I’d lost you.” He’s sitting against the control panel in the cockpit, squinting in the dim green light. “I wish,” Tony mutters. No matter how much he wants to disappear, fade into nothing like everyone else had, he keeps being found. “Um, I…just recorded a message. For – in case, you know? For anyone that might be…” Nebula doesn’t look convinced. “You must have someone-“ Tony starts to say, before he remembers that everyone she knew on Titan faded away. “Maybe…” She stares out of the cockpit. “Quill said they split up – I don’t know if they will have survived, but I suppose they should know what happened. Just in case.” “Just in case.” Tony hands her the helmet and flicks the switch again. She takes it and walks out. He’s alone.  Fixing the ship is a chore and a half, even without the unfamiliar wiring and power source, but Nebula points him in the right direction and they manage it together. He considers deleting the messages from the helmet, but they’re not home and dry just yet, so he leaves it be for the moment. “We have one more jump to make it to Terra. We’ll come out just above the atmosphere. You’re almost home.” God, that’s terrifying. What happened on Earth while he was gone? How many people died before Thanos got the last Stone? How many people were lost after he snapped his fingers? What had happened to Rhodey, to Happy? God, Pepper. And May. He suddenly wishes he could disappear again. Telling May about…about him- “Brace yourself.” The ship jolts. Two days ago, Tony was lost in space. He wishes he’d stayed that way.  “Oh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Tony Stark & Nebula
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Endgame Speculation
Tony Stark Has A Heart
and it's breaking
Fix-It
eventually
Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
even if he won't admit it
all the dads are bonding
because they're all Sad
i'm posting this as more endgame content is coming out
and i think i'm weirdly psychic guys
some time travel fuckery
Canon-Typical Violence
REUNION HUGS
all the hugs
he gets them don't worry

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Tony Stark & Nebula
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

