Chapter 1: Captain Mommy
    




Chapter Text

Tony Stark was filled and surrounded by warmth. An ancient reflex was awakened in him as he drew in more of the warm, sweetness and drank it down nourishing him while he was held close and cozy by tender hands.

He was frail and nearly helpless after starving for several days without food or water. A weaker man would have certainly died, but not Tony Stark. The billionaire, genius, playboy, was humbled at that moment. Even his brilliant cognition and understanding were brought to minimal, primitive, levels.

He didn’t know what was going on.

Which was probably for the best right now.

Because…

Despite being comfortable and safe and even…cared for...

Tony might not like exactly how…he was being saved.

Which wasn’t her fault.
 
Captain Carol Danvers Marvel was given a mission by Captain Steve Rogers America and the rest of the surviving Avengers, a mission that she took extremely seriously.

That mission: To find and save Tony Stark from outer space.
That part was easy, but how would the human/superhuman Captain Marvel know to care for Mr. Stark if he was in poor health or even unresponsive when she found him? She had forgotten her life on earth and many details about humans. Steve rectified this by giving her a book on human health and nursing to teach her how to care for Tony on the trip home. 
“We’re almost there. Are you excited?” she cooed as she held Tony Stark across her lap and supported his head with one arm and upper body with the other as he suckled for more milk from her breast. He didn’t answer but looked to her and smiled as he drank.

“You can’t understand me, can you.” she massaged his back in little circles and just enjoyed the man’s cuteness for a moment. She reached between his legs and gave the plastic covered diaper a little squeeze.

“Oh my! You have voided your bladder. This is good news! My literature tells me that means you are becoming adequately hydrated! Very good news indeed!” Tony didn’t understand the words in his current state but giggled at his savior’s excitement as she kissed his forehead.
 
Once Tony was full, the captain wiped his face with his bib then picked up the full-grown man on her hip and carried him over to the crib she had built for him. Steve Rogers had equipped her ship with a bed, but she added bars to make it feel more secure for the mind-muddled Stark. She laid him down and removed his wet diaper before wiping him clean with warm cloths. She applied a little bit of cream to the creases of his thighs before raising his hips with her supreme strength and placed a new diaper underneath him. Once on and snug she then dressed him up in warm pajamas made from old clothes and uniforms.
 
“Sleep well, Tony Stark. By the time you wake up, we will have arrived on your home planet.” She brushed her fingers through his hair and kissed his forehead eliciting a smile from the sleepy Stark. “I’ve only known you for these last couple days and I think the world of you. I’m sure your friends will be over the moon when they see you return safe and sound tomorrow. Goodnight.”
 
How will the Avengers handle seeing Tony Stark in this way?

And will he ever get back to normal?
Tony drifted off to sleep without worry.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Carol Danvers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Scott Lang/Steve Rogers
Scott Lang/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Play
ABDL
Non-Sexual Age Play
Diapers
Wetting
Breastfeeding
Sleepy Cuddles
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Nursing
Kid Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark-centric
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
all characters 18+
Parent Carol Danvers
mommy carol danvers
mommy captain marvel
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Tony Stark Cuddles
bottle feeding
BAMF Carol Danvers
Carol Danvers & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Needs a Hug
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Parent James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Infantilism
potty training
Baby Steve Rogers
Starker
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
BAMF Peter Parker
Baby Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha Romanov
Kid Natasha Romanov
Protective Scott Lang
Parent Scott Lang
Age Play Little Tony Stark

fandom: 
Carol Danvers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Scott Lang/Steve Rogers
Scott Lang/Tony Stark

