Chapter 1: Crocodile Rock
    




Chapter Text

  

June 3rd, 1977 
 Peter Parker: Born 1961 to Mary and Richard Parker. Resident of Queens, New York. No known living family. Volunteer Nm. 2176. 
Tests undergone: Arachnid DNA.

Results: Unknown
*** “I really don’t know if all that's a good idea Pete.” Michael told him, taking a long drag from his nearly extinguished cigarette. “Them scientists have been getting up to some freaky shit recently, and you're just letting them inject you with whatever they please. I'm like 95% sure that's illegal.”  Peter took a sip out of the unmarked bottle in his hand, and grimace at the bitter taste. “It pays good and god knows I could use the money.” He took another reluctant slip and coughed when the brown liquid went down the wrong way. “Christ what is this garbage? It tastes like warm piss”“Who knows, I pulled it out of my old man's stash.” Mike admitted, throwing his cigarette bud onto the forest floor before putting it out with his foot. “I thought maybe the old bastard might have good taste for once in his life, but considering his general attitude I shouldn't be that surprised.”Peter only nodded before dumping the remainder of the drink onto the cigarette bud. “Next time I’m bringing the booze”“Oh yeah. Are you going to buy it?” Michael laughed, grabbing one of the other unmarked bottles he brought along out of his backpack. “With what? Your fancy-dancy experiment money?”“Oh hell no.” Peter laughed, accepting the bottle Michael handed him. “I’m saving that money for train tickets, god knows I’ll need a lot more of it before I get out of this god forsaken city. I’ll use the money I make working over at James’s to pay for our liquor.”Michael brought a bottle opener out from one of his pockets and popped the lids off both the bottles. “Yah know the lady who works at the grocery store ain’t an idiot right?” He asked Peter, as he took a long sip from the new drink. “She won’t sell you anything once she realizes you’re like ten.”“I’m fifteen years old!”, Peter basically screamed, making Michael laugh. “Well almost fifteen, but still! If I’m old enough for the government to inject me with a bunch of drugs I think I’m old enough to buy some beer.”Peter took a sip from his bottle and was surprised that this drink was a lot better than the last. “I still can't believe the government hasn't shut their assses down yet.” Michael said, the concern evident in his voice. “Besides, what do you even do there that they pay you so much? Or are you not even allowed to say?”Peter thought for a moment, tipping his bottle slightly to the left allowing a few splashes of beer to fall out. “Honestly, I’m not really sure. On the first day they talked all this garbage about  trying to recreate the super soldier serum or something dumb. I didn’t really listen.” He admitted. “Usually they make me drink something or poke a needle into my arm and then they run a few tests. Nothing crazy and definitely nothing top secret”Michael scuffed and returned to his drink. “Still seems shady to me.” He mumbled. “Then what happens when they’re done? They just thrown you back onto the streets of New York City from whence you came?”“Now you’re just making me sound like lab rat they finished playing with.” Peter rolled his eyes, finishing off the last of his beer. “They’ve gots plenty of other men there who finished the experiments and are now working on them. So maybe when all this is over I can get a real job that doesn’t entail being poke and prodded for hours at a time.““That also entails staying in New York with your best friend”, Michael winked, a playful smile on his lips. “You can’t move out West when you got an oh so prestigious  science job to do, now can you.”“Yeah whatever.” Peter laughed, gladly accepting another drink. "Maybe I wouldn't be so desperate to go if you weren't so damn annoying."

 August 2nd, 2017 
 “I can’t believe 75 years later I’m still destroying these god forsaken Hydra bases.” Steve addressed the group of Avengers, who had gathered in the Compounds living room for the newest mission report. “You can’t honestly be telling me you’ve found another one”“I hate to disappoint you, but unfortunately the answer is yes.” Nick Fury told them, his hologram figure lighting up the middle of the room. “However I do have some good news, you won't be traveling to far for this one. It's relatively close to home for all of you."”“I don’t see how that's good news”, Natasha mumbled, looking over the case file that had come with the job request. “Doesn’t that mean they’ve been working under our noses this entire time?”“Do not jump to conclusion Romanoff.” Fury chided, smirking at the confused look on her face. “From the info we've gathered we can conclude that this base hasn't been active since at least the late 70s. So we just need you guys to safely get in and gather some confidential files and documents for us and then get out. Easy peasy."”“Then why send us?” Tony asked from where he had situated 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Marvel Universe
Time Skips
Kid Peter Parker
Hydra Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
1970s
Alternate Universe - 1970s
1970s Peter Parker
Underage Drinking
Underage Smoking
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Orphans
Orphan Peter Parker
MEGA WIP
i literally change parts of this story like every day

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

