Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Eyes on the target?"

"Affirmative. Prioritize speed."
"Remember to minimize property damage. We don't want a repeat of Geneva."

"God, I remember Geneva. That was a shitshow."

"Can we - cut the chatter?"
"Sorry, Cap."
"Let's do this smoothly. Take him down fast. This is important."

"Got it. We ready to move?"
"Let's go... now."
The Avengers burst into action like a firework. The rogue sorcerer currently wreaking havoc in Harlem is their target, and while Tony will admit Strange usually handles people like him it's interesting to have a new kind of opponent. It doesn't hurt that this is a very good test run for the new Accords he's been trying to push; if they can take this guy out without damage or injury, there's a high chance the UN will accept the modifications in their upcoming meeting about it. The new agreement is a blessing compared to Ross' proposal, which caused the Avengers to get bounties on their heads from the fight with Thanos. The UN threw out the charges and Ross, and now Tony and Rhodey are in charge of restructuring the Accords. This mission needs to go well.

Steve is on the sorcerer's left, Natasha on his right, with Rhodey flying above and Sam and Clint coming from behind the guy. Tony and Peter are attacking from the front, though Tony's not enthused about Spider-Man being with him. He's been trying to keep his distance from the kid after Titan, and this isn't exactly helping.

Cap throws his shield and the sorcerer lunges out of the way just in time to collide with Natasha's boot. He's kicked back and lets out a snarl as he raises his hands, orange light coalescing before Tony raises his repulsor and fires. The guy's shoulder is punched backwards by the blast. Clint shoots, and from the thud that follows Tony recognizes that he's fired an impact arrow. The sorcerer yells out a string of indecipherable words Tony can't make out before loosing his hands wide, sending a crackling beam of energy towards them.
"Look out!" Tony shouts, and dodges to the left. There's a shout and his head jerks to the side to see Spider-Man crumple in mid-air, hit by the blast.

"Shit! Spider-Man, are you injured?" Sam demands. There's no response.

"Kid?" Clint asks.

"He's out." Natasha's voice is businesslike as always over comms. "Take the target down."

A clang reverberates through the air, and Steve grabs his shield as the sorcerer it bounced off crumples. "Done." The old design of red, white and blue glints in the sunlight. After the war, after everyone reformed and Thanos died, Tony left Steve's old shield in his room. They still haven't spoken about it, but Steve looks just like the old patriotic posters with his face plastered on them in that moment.

Tony lets out a breath. "Good work. Fifty seconds. He didn't have a chance to push us back more seriously."
"Is the kid okay?" Rhodey asks.

"Checking now," Natasha says. Tony turns to see that she's crouching over him. "Pulse is fine. He's unconscious."

"Let's get him back to Bruce," Steve suggests.

Sam clears his throat. "I'll carry him."

"Thanks, Wilson," Tony says.

"What are we doing with this guy?" Clint asks, gesturing to the crumpled sorcerer on the ground.

Suddenly, there's a fizzing noise. Tony rolls his eyes as an orange portal materializes and Stephen Strange steps through, grabbing the sorcerer by the collar and hauling him closer.

"Stark," Strange says, nodding.

"Strange," Tony responds. The doctor hauls the rogue sorcerer bodily through the portal and, quickly as it opened, it closes again and the Avengers are left stunned and detainee-less.

"Well," Clint says finally. "Guess we don't have to deal with him anymore, huh?"

"Strange'll handle it, though he could probably have bothered asking us first," Tony tells him. "Let's get back to Bruce."
They fly back to the Tower, Sam carrying the unconscious Peter while Tony carries Clint and Steve hitches his ride with Rhodey. Natasha doesn't return immediately with them, citing other stuff to do briefly.

Bruce is ready and waiting when they enter, placing Peter carefully in the medbay bed. Tony starts dialing May while Steve explains what exactly happened and the other Avengers leave to return their mission gear and stow their weapons. One of May's conditions for letting Peter continue as Spider-Man was contact between her and Tony as to Peter's whereabouts and wellbeing, so he's bound to let her know. She's off in Switzerland with Pepper currently, setting up the global awareness fund for their new charity. It's a joint venture between SI and May herself, though she's listed as the official founder. FEAST is set to help a lot of people. When he gets through, he gives her a quick run-through of the situation.
"Bruce is looking at him, but he's okay for now," Tony tells May.

"Thanks, Tony," she says. "Can you... can you call if anything more serious develops?" She sighs slightly. "I hate that I'm... desensitized to this kind of thing, but I really need to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
eventually
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Domestic Avengers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Irondad
spiderson
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Panic Attacks
Mystery
Dreams vs. Reality
Miscommunication
i mean what did you expect this is irondad
lotus-eater machine
Fluff
at the end i promise
Time Travel
Sort Of
i guess now i have to tag this as
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Peter says Fuck

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

