Work Text:
He can remember sitting on rooftops and in out of the way places, watching the Captain before he’d decided to come in. He’d watched him like a hawk while his brain slowly reset itself, and he figured out a little bit of how to be a person again, bits and pieces anyway. Even before he remembered that Steve had always been his touchstone, the Captain was one.Even now, months and years and eons and epochs later, he still watches Steve like a hawk. (It hasn’t physically been all that long but some days it feels like geologic ages have passed.)He had first noticed that nobody really touches Steve right at the start, and he’d found it perplexing even then. Steve seems to move in a bubble. When he’s out in the world, people move around him, defer to him; mostly they seem unaware of what they’re doing. Mostly he seems unaware of what people are doing, although he’s pretty sure that is a studied and purposeful unawareness on Steve’s part, like he’s been avoiding thinking about it for so long that he’s forced himself to be blind to it.It’s long been a goal of Bucky’s: to do something about that.But.Well.Circumstances made that very difficult for a very long time.He is well aware that if Steve is touch-starved--and he most certainly is--than Bucky must be as well. Part of being a person is this pesky sense of self-awareness that is annoying at best.All of this is going through his head while Steve stares at him. His eyebrows are somewhere near his hairline and still climbing.‘Your face’ll get stuck that way’ he thinks, but he can’t quite make the words come out of his mouth. Words are difficult for him, sometimes.OK, most of the time. Sometimes he just doesn’t want to speak. He knows that this is a vast difference from Before, but no one except Steve remembers what he was like Before, and Steve doesn’t seem to care at all that he hardly talks these days, so he’s come to the conclusion that he doesn’t really care either.The things Steve does care about: that Bucky is comfortable, that he feels safe, that he gets a full night’s rest more often than not, that he eats on a fairly regular schedule. Those are the things that Steve cares about.Bucky also cares about Steve. That Steve is comfortable, that Steve feels safe, that he gets a full night’s rest as often as possible, that he remembers to eat regularly.He cares that Steve doesn’t have anyone to hold him, and he has decided (he decided before he even turned himself in) that he will be that person for Steve. Eventually. Hopefully.If only he could manage to be OK with touching anyone, or with anyone touching him.It’s been an ongoing issue.But this is progress. His hand is still on Steve’s arm, and Steve is staring at him like all of his best Christmases have just happened at once.It’s a heady feeling. He thinks he might like it. But Steve is staring at him, and he realizes that he hasn’t asked if this is OK, and it’s possible that it’s not OK, for him to be touching Steve.It steals his breath away, and he has to ask even as he is terrified of the answer. “Is--” and he can’t quite make the next word come out of his mouth.Steve continues to stare, a bit expectant now.“OK?” he asks. He looks at his hand on Steve’s arm, and Steve does the same.Steve puts his own hand, gentle, over Bucky’s. “Yeah, Buck. It’s OK. Is this?”Bucky stares, Steve’s hand over his, warmth seeping into him, dripping into his frozen veins and warming him in tiny increments.But there’s only so long that he can handle that extra bit of contact, and as soon as he draws in a breath to try and ask, Steve lifts his hand, and Bucky lets the breath out, heavy and relieved, despite the distinct feeling of loss that comes with it. “Buck,” Steve says, his voice soft.Slowly, Bucky pulls his hand away from Steve’s arm. His hand has been there so long he’s sort of sunk into Steve’s skin, and his own skin peels away slowly.He immediately wishes he hadn’t let go, because even that tenuous connection between them is more than he’s had in a long time, and he’s fairly certain that it is more contact with another human than Steve has had in a long time, too.More contact with another person in a way that isn’t violent, at least.He thinks maybe they've both had enough of the violent kind for several lifetimes.He needs to go sit down, or something. There are so many things going through his head, all at once, all together in a jumble, and he needs to be able to think, and he won’t be able to do that around Steve. He thinks he makes some sort of gesture but he doesn’t know, doesn’t care right now.“Buck?” Steve calls after him.He turns around, halfway to the stairs up to his room, and looks at Steve.“It’s always OK. Just so you know.”Bucky blinks a few times. “If it’s not?”Steve smiles at him, obviously proud that he’d managed to ask that without any apparent difficulties. “If it’s not, I’ll tell you. And you can always do the same, OK?”Bucky nods, after a moment, and goes up to his room.He shuts the door and lays d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
industrial size pharmaceutical grade softness
Softness
So Much Softness
Hugs
slow burn cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

