Work Text:
One day, Tony will learn to stop being so cocky. It always gets him in trouble.The third mission of what he’s dubbed “Project Baby Steps” was going great until two minutes ago. Bringing Peter along to help deal with a mad scientist—with an honest-to-god lair and everything—seemed like a good idea. The operation hit the sweet spot for training the newest Avenger: three steps above friendly neighborhood stuff, but so far below dying on an alien planet that Tony had been able to pick up the phone to call him in without panicking.   Plus, secret lairs are pretty fun, especially when they’re located in remote, snowy mountains. Peter had certainly thought so; halfway through the mission Tony had been forced to remind him that constantly whispering, “So cool!” and “Mr. Stark, it’s just like James Bond!” isn’t very covert.Despite the over-enthusiasm, things had gone well. They’d taken out the scientist and his three goons with ease, leaving them safely knocked out, tied up, and locked in an empty room while they performed a final sweep to get a sense of the guy’s tech. A-freaking-plus superhero mentoring, Tony had told himself. He’s doing a bang-up job.Yeah. So, cocky. And of course it bit him in the ass. He’d been so busy congratulating himself that he’d gotten sloppy exploring one of the labs, a large space lined with creepy objects floating in jars, empty cages, and several desks covered in half-constructed weapons. He’d knocked over a jar of green gas, and now here he is, huddled in a corner, sweating so hard even the fans in his suit aren’t helping. A raging hard-on presses uncomfortably against the metal of his suit; F.R.I.D.A.Y. informs him he just breathed in a chemical concoction that will to send his body haywire if he doesn’t orgasm inside someone, and soon.“What the fuck?” he asks his AI at this pronouncement, because actually: what the fuck? “Why.”“It appears to be part of Dr. Hibble’s exploration of poisons,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. tells him, scanning through the not-so-good doctor’s files. “It’s a chemical mixture distilled from a rare flower he found in the Amazon.”“Fantastic,” Tony hisses. He opens his helmet in the hopes that it will making breathing easier. It doesn’t. He’s pretty sure this building is actually on the cold side of things, what with being on the top of a snow-covered mountain, but all he can sense is sweltering heat. It feels like he’s running a bad fever. “So, when you say haywire…?”“I’m not quite sure,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. admits. “But your temperature just spiked to 103.” Oh, so it feels like he’s running a fever because he is. That checks out. “And your heartrate is increasing at a steady rate. If it keeps going—”“Boom,” Tony finishes for her.“Possibly,” she agrees.Well, great.“How long’ve I got?” he asks, already flipping through a mental rolodex of people he might be able to drop in on with this problem. Rhodey’s his best bet—they’ve never, but he’d definitely be willing to take this one for the team. Nat could probably be dispassionate about it. Maybe Pepper. It’s been a couple of years since their split, but he’s pretty sure she still likes him enough that she doesn’t want him to die, and it’s not like it’d be something new for them.  This thought process is cut short when F.R.I.D.A.Y. informs him that if his heartrate keeps going up at its current speed, he’s got less than half an hour before “a heart attack seems very likely.” There’s no way he’s getting to any of those people. That’s not even enough time to get to the nearest village to find a brothel.Okay. Okay, okay. What does that leave? There’s the scientist and his goons, which would be—well. Ethically unsound in a way that makes him nauseous just thinking about it, even if they are the reason he’s in this position in the first place. And then there’s—“Mr. Stark?”Yeah. And then there’s that option. Which: no fucking way. Not after he’s spent the last year and a half studiously keeping strictly, almost painfully, appropriate boundaries, despite Peter’s subtle—and increasingly not-so-subtle—hints about how weird it is that the age of consent in New York is seventeen, and then, later, oh man, eighteen, isn’t it crazy that he can vote and join the army? That’s like, totally a real adult, doesn’t Tony think so? Isn’t that why he’s allowed to be an official Avenger now?A fucking flower from the fucking rain forest is not going to be the thing that makes him cross that line. He can’t.Peter’s clearly figured out something’s wrong, which isn’t a shock, since Tony’s lying on the ground covered in sweat. Normally he’d try to play it off, assure him there’s nothing to worry about, but that’s a lost cause, so when Peter rips off his mask and rushes to his side, he does the next best thing: he raises his blaster, pointing it at his chest. Peter pulls up short.“Wha—?” he asks, blinking at Tony’s hand with a look of utter betrayal. It would break Tony’s heart if he didn’t have more pressing concerns, like the fact that every single nerve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Sex Pollen
Mutual Pining
Frottage
Anal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
One-Sided Sex Pollen
First Time
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

