Work Text:

Peter swung his way to the Tower as soon as patrol was over, and he ended it early since it seemed to be a lazy evening. No one wanted to do evil stuff on a Tuesday.


He was careful with sneaking into his and Tony’s floor so no one would see him, asking FRIDAY to open his balcony door so he could go into his room and change back into his normal clothes.


After a much-needed shower, Peter was dressed in one of his science pun t-shirts and jeans, feeling fresh. “Hey, FRIDAY? Where’s my Dad?” He asked the AI as he stole an apple from the fruit bowl on the counter. It used to have snacks but Tony had changed it when he came home to find Peter swinging from the ceiling fan. Peter + A Buttload of Sugar = A Bad Idea.



“Your father is currently in the common room kitchen. Would you like me to ask him to come up?”

 FRIDAY responded. Peter was a little taken back from FRIDAY referring to Tony as his father, because she’d never called him that before, only ‘Boss’ or ‘Sir’ (and once ‘Old Man’ after Peter hacked it). Well, Peter wasn’t meant to call Tony ‘Dad’ outside of the Rogues, but he had to admit it felt nice to be able to call someone Dad. Uncle Ben had always been Uncle Ben, or just Ben. As much as he loved him, Peter knew his uncle would rather be seen as an uncle and not a father.


Peter shook off the surprise, thanking FRIDAY and then heading down to find him.


There was a clanging in the kitchen, and multiple voices piled on top of each other.


“We really don’t need to do something so complicated, do we?” Peter could hear Tony whine. “Pep knows that I can’t cook. Peter was usually the one who kept me from burning the place down.”


“And you still managed to set off the alarms three times even with his diligent supervision.” Rhodey’s voice joined in.


Peter rounds the corner, watching his Dad huff and cross his arms. “I was only responsible for two of those incidents. The third was Peter’s fault.”


“Throwing your son under the bus like that?” Clint chuckles from the living room area at the same time as Peter lets out an indignant ‘hey!’.


Tony catches his eye, and it’s honestly so heartwarming seeing Tony Stark, genius/billionaire/philanthropist/superhero, change into Tony, the man who said he loved him and was willing to be his pretend father. “Peter! I didn’t know you were back.”


Peter smiles at him and jumps into the open arms, giving him a hug. “I just took a shower. What’s going on?”


He can feel his father resting his chin on top of his head, staying in the hug. “Captain Spangles here wants to make some fancy-ass dish for Pepper but I said we should just stick with ordering in.”


“Language.” Steve says.


“I think we can do both?” Peter adds. “She’s always saying we order in too much. But if we’re going to be cooking, Dad isn’t allowed in the kitchen.”


Tony playfully swats at his head, leaving the hug. “I can’t believe you’ve done this.”


Peter giggles, dodging a jab to his side. “We don’t want a repeat of the time you got ketchup on the ceiling.”


Steve laughs softly at the duo. It was still a little disarming to see Tony so parental with someone so young, but it was nice. Steve knew that after Siberia it would be hard to Tony to open up again, especially after Steve had betrayed him so terribly, but it was nice to know he always had Peter. But then, Steve has to face the fact that he’d almost killed—or at least permanently injured—Tony back then, and Peter wouldn’t have had a father. It makes his smile fade. Tony and Peter don’t notice the new somber attitude the captain is sporting, still making jokes and having an all-around fun time. Steve really needed to talk to Tony soon; there was still too much tension and unresolved conflict.


“Okay, okay! Jeez, no need to spill all of my cooking disasters to the world, kid.” Steve zones back into the real world. “We’ll order in some 

healthy

 food, so that’s a no to the Burger King, Peter.” Cue a groan from the teen. “And we’ll have Cap cook a nice, hearty dish for dinner. Cap, got any ideas on what that could be?”


Steve blinks. “Uh, roast?”


Tony snaps his fingers. “Perfect! Well, I’ll leave you to it. Peter, did you do your homework?”


The boy looks sheepishly at his dad. “I was, uh, getting to it. Can’t I do it later?”


“Nuh-uh, if there’s homework to be done, no lab privileges. Now, go do your homework.”


Peter sulks. “Can I at least do it in here? If I’m in my room I’ll just be tempted to go to the lab.”


Tony looks at all the faces in the common room area. Steve is still in the kitchen, Clint and Sam are chilling in the living room, and Rhodey is just wandering around. “Do you think you can stay focused with the Avengers in the room?”


“Yes, 

Dad.

” Peter rolls his eyes, earning him another light smack.


“Where in the world are you getting this sassiness from, huh?” Now, 

that

 causes the entire room to collectively snort. “Hey, now what does that mean?”





“Stark, man, have you 

seen

 yourself? You’re 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & May Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fluff
Father-Son Relationship
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
mama bear pepper
amazing may parker
Family Feels
no beta we die like men
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
Fix-It of Sorts
Team Cap friendly
no need to read the series to understand

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & May Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

