Work Text:
“Well, looks like you finally survived a field trip unscathed.” Ned clapped his best friend on the shoulder as their tour group slowly dispersed. They had visited a museum exhibiting Renaissance paintings, apparently to balance out their STEM profile. Just moments ago, their arts teacher had dismissed them at the entrance of the museum. Peter grinned. “Yep. And it’s nice that they finally trust us to find back home by ourselves.”“Perks of being a junior, I guess.” They trailed behind the five members of the decathlon team who had also been on this field trip with their arts class - MJ, Abe, Cindy, Sally, and Flash. MJ had proposed to get some coffee after the trip and maybe get some extra practice in before their next competition. Her only demand was that they wouldn’t go to Starbucks which, according to her, was too cliché for serious study meetings. That was why they were headed towards an independent one now; Peter had suggested it. The museum was on the route between the tower and their school and that coffee shop was the only one Tony deemed acceptable for his high coffee standards, so Happy, Tony, and Rhodey almost exclusively got their coffee there. And Peter, whenever he got picked up from school or headed to the Tower by himself.The doorbell of the café jingled as the small group walked in. It wasn’t very crowded on this early Wednesday afternoon; besides some elderly women in a booth on the left and two people in line at the counter, the only other person was the barista, Charlotte.“Peter! How are you?” Sure enough, she’d spotted him amongst his teammates as they walked up to the counter. Peter knew her from their countless after-school visits and Saturday afternoon coffee breaks. She never seemed to take a day off and always took the time to talk to her regular visitors, no matter if they were old ladies or Tony Stark. Peter secretly thought that that was why Tony and Rhodey liked it here so much; they didn’t get a special treatment - everyone did. “Hey, Charlotte!” Peter grinned. “I’m good, thanks! How are you?” “Can’t complain. Can I get you the usual?”“That would be great, thank you!” “The usual?” Flash scoffed. “How often do you come here, Parker?” Peter shrugged. “Often enough, I guess.” “You’re insufferable.” Peter flashed him a lazy thumbs up and followed MJ and Ned to a booth nearby while the rest of the team placed their orders. Flash had been more or less civil to him ever since it had been proven that Peter knew Tony Stark personally, but he still wasn’t Peter’s biggest fan. He probably still thought it was all an elaborate conspiracy.The others arrived at their booth shortly afterwards. MJ already had a folder with decathlon prep in front of her but seemed willing to wait until everyone at least had a beverage in front of them.“One tall decaf latte, one triple special roast espresso infused with mocha aroma, one caramel chai, and one soy cappuccino with whipped cream for Peter?” Charlotte searched the room for the boy who was currently getting sneered at by Flash. “What, Parker, did you order for all of us?” Peter rolled his eyes. Normally, he’d pick up coffee for Tony, Rhodey, and Happy as well whenever he stopped by - he’d forgotten to mention that today, he wasn’t on internship duty. “No, they just - that’s just a mix-up. Charlotte, I meant just my usual, not - uhm, not everyone’s,” Peter ended lamely, unsure how to word it. Understanding dawned on her face. “I’m really sorry, Peter! I didn’t know you’d stay here with your friends, I’m so used to your usual… entourage,” she replied with a twinkle in her eyes. Peter’s face flushed.“As if Parker has an entourage -” Peter saw MJ kick Flash under the table which shut him up. He sent her a grateful look. “Here, just take your latte, I’ll take the other ones back.” “No, that’s such a waste!” Peter gestured for her to set the coffees back down. “Maybe I could take them and make a quick detour to the tower to drop them off, we’re not that far - yes, Flash, the tower. These are for, uh -”“His fellow interns,” Ned supplied. Peter had to suppress a groan. Hopefully, this story never got back to Mr Stark, Happy, and Colonel Rhodes. Charlotte must have been thinking along the same lines because she snorted quite inelegantly. “You have other friends?” Flash shot him a critical glance. Peter chose to ignore him.“I’ll just put these in a to-go holder, I’ll be right back,” Charlotte promised as she left their table.MJ cleared her throat. “Okay, let’s talk about the next competition. I know, I know -” she raised her voice when several people started to groan, “we just had one last week, but it’s never too early to prepare. Nationals are in two months.” “Can’t we at least have a little break?” Cindy stirred her hot chocolate and looked up at MJ. She seemed, however, to already have accepted her fate. “Sure,” MJ said, and several faces brightened. “You have until you’ve finished your first beverage.”Ned snorted. Of course.  Sally started dis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Canon-Typical Violence
the acadec team witnesses a robbery and peter saves the day
no one gets hurt don't worry
BAMF Peter Parker
John Mulaney Quotes
street smarts people!
tony is only mentioned and rhodey makes a brief appearance
infinity war? never heard of her
spiderson
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

