Chapter 1





Chapter Text

May 15th, 2014
The first time Steve saw Sam without a shirt on he did a double take, then outright stared.  Those were definitely words, albeit in a language Steve had never seen before, wrapped around both of Sam’s arms, and it was pretty easy to see two different people had written them.  Then Sam turned around and Steve got another shock: more writing, in English this time.Sam, once he saw where Steve was looking, stood patient under his scrutiny - though his expression grew steadily more amused the longer the silence ran.  “I know I’m a fine specimen,” he finally drawled, “but you haven’t even taken me out for dinner yet.  I’m just not that kinda girl, Rogers.”Steve flushed, “Sorry, it’s just…do you have three soulmates?”“So the universe tells me.  'Course, it's all still theoretical at this point.”“Three.  Wow,” he shook his head.  “And you haven’t met any of them?”“Nope, still have no clue about the mumbo-jumbo writing, but I got high hopes that I’ll find the excitable one,” he tapped the blocky letters on his chest, “sometime before I’m old and gray.”  He turned a pointed look towards the thin cloth covering that encircled Steve’s wrist, “Still looking?”Steve scowled.  “No,” he said shortly, turning back to his rucksack to find a clean shirt.  He tensed at Sam’s hastily indrawn breath and realized his movements had quite clearly, albeit unintentionally, highlighted the words on his shoulder.“…I’m guessing those belong to a certain one-armed sniper?”“Yeah,” Steve said roughly, “even if he doesn’t remember ‘em.”“…and his words?” Sam asked in a voice that said he had a good guess, but was really hoping to be wrong.  Steve sighed, shoulders falling with his exhale, but finished gathering fresh clothes.“On his arm.”“You know they might be – ““I know, Sam,” Steve said, “but I’m not getting my hopes up.” 
May 23rd, 2014
Nat was on speakerphone, husky voice detailing what she’d found at yet another overrun SHIELD facility.  Just a few days after all of SHIELD’s dirty laundry went public, Hydra enacted their “Salt and Burn” initiative and gave their sleeper agents (Sam wasn’t naïve enough to think it was all of them, but he liked to be optimistic and hope it was more than half) orders to create as much damage and chaos as possible.She was bouncing from place to place, hitting up each and every base, outpost, hideaway, and bolthole she had ever entered or heard tell of in her time with SHIELD.  Along the way, she was kind enough to send them everything she could find on the Winter Soldier (little to nothing), and Hydra’s surviving elite (somehow even less).Sam tuned out for a minute or so, idly wondering how Fury was doing, until –“What about you boys, taken any downtime, met any girls?”It wasn’t Natasha’s teasing that made Sam sit up and take notice, it was the way Steve reacted to it: stiffening in the passenger seat of their latest ride, fists and jaw clenched, eyes dark and brow furrowed.“Nat…” Steve said, tone edged with warning.“I’m just curious, is all.  You were on the TV a lot in the last few weeks – ““Natasha!” Steve barked, and Sam was actually concerned now, because this was the closest to really angry he’d ever seen Steve get.  He was not counting Hydra, because Steve was more righteous-determined-disappointed-in-the-human-race in the face of Hydra’s mess, and the whole…Bucky thing was more sad than anything else: and a sad Steve was sort of terrifying, he half expected the sky to cry along with him.“Haven’t done much interesting besides continue our driving tour of America’s shadiest hotels,” Sam broke in, “we keep just missing Bingo night with Steve’s contemporaries.”“Well, try and get out into the world a little,” she instructed, teasing gone and actual concern showing through.  Then there was a moment of silence on the line, but it was a Natasha silence, and those frequently said more than her actual words did.  This one communicated I’m sorry, but not that sorry and this isn’t over, Steve.  “I’ll keep you posted.  Later, boys.”Sam let silence settle between them in the car for a few minutes.  Just long enough for Steve’s muscles to unbunch themselves, and the quiet go from tense to settled.  “So…wanna tell me what that was all about?”Steve lifted his wrist – the covered one, and gave it an exaggerated wave.“Your words?”“Yes.”“She’s seen them?”“Yes.”Sam paused, and waited for a moment, “You gonna give me more to go on?”“She wants me to ‘get out there’ so I can meet ‘em,” he muttered, picking at the black fabric.“…and that makes you mad.”Steve made a frustrated sound: “I already have a soulmate.  I don’t need another one, I was just – we were just fine with each other.  Bucky needs me, right now, I don’t have time to start something new with somebody who’s just gonna split my attention.”That was just… Sam didn’t know what the hell that was.  “Do you have something against the idea of multiple soulmates?” he asked, not looking at Steve because that was the big questio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis & Thor

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Perpetual College Student Darcy Lewis
DARCY DOES MARVEL

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis & Thor

