Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He wasn't sure if they were nightmares.He didn't understand nightmares.  Not really.  The word was one of those that held no meaning for him, no matter how often it was explained, or defined.  He would turn it over in his mind, examining it from all angles, the way the letters fit together, the way other people would use it around him.  He would think about that word and still not understand.He wasn't sure if he had nightmares.  But he was sure he had dreams, and some of them were bad.  That seemed to be enough.“DJ?”DJ curled up tighter, his knees up against his chest, his fingers locked on his pillow, his breath coming in short, hard gasps.  Everything was as small as he could make it, hiding himself from some unknown threat.“Dummy?”He wished Jarvis would stop talking.  Would stop calling attention to him.  He could hear the thud of his pulse thundering his ears, and it seemed impossible that it wouldn't be audible to anyone or anything around him.  He buried his face under his pillow, stifling the sound of his breathing.“DJ.  It is all right.  You are safe.”Jarvis didn't lie to him.  He knew that.  He knew that Jarvis had always protected him.  But knowing it didn't change anything, didn't change the fear.  “Take a breath, DJ.  Through your nose.  In.  Hold it.  And release.”He followed the instructions without even thinking.  It was nice not to think.  To have Jarvis' slow, even, familiar voice drowning out the drumming of his pulse.  Little by little, he managed to smooth out his breathing.  Managed to relax his fingers, which ached now with the force of his grip.“DJ, I have to notify sir if you do not speak to me.”It took him three tries, more maybe more, but he was pretty sure that it was three tries, before he was able to choke out a single word, “Don't.”“Thank you,” Jarvis said.  “Welcome.”  The second word was easier, and DJ scrubbed at his face with the heel of his hand.  His cheeks were wet, and he sniffed, hard.  “Shall I call sir for you?”DJ chewed on his lower lip.  The shadows of his room, normally so easily identified, were magnified now, and he hated the way this mind worked sometimes, hated the way that he couldn't trust his new senses.  Everything was too loud and too bright and his skin hurt all the time, a constant barrage of sensation that he couldn't handle.“Want Steve,” he whispered.“Shall I call him for you?”DJ chewed on his lower lip.  “No,” he said.  His room was suddenly foreign, and he didn't want to be here anymore.  He crawled out of bed, and outside of his blankets, he found himself shaking.  The cold was a shock, and he wrapped his arms around his chest, holding himself together as his feet hit the floor.   For an instant, he lost his shape, lost himself, and then he was back, two tiny feet cold on the floor, ten fingers digging into the fabric of his shirt and the skin beneath.  He took a breath, savoring it, focusing on the way it settled in his chest.  Sometimes, he concentrated on trying to feel the air hit his blood, but he never managed that.He wondered if normal people could.  Or if they even bothered to try.He knew the way through the tower, knew where to turn and what hallways to take, with Jarvis his constant companion the whole way.  Lights came on as he entered new areas, a comforting glow that surrounded him the entire way to their door.  DJ raised his hand, reaching for the door knob.  His fingers stilled, not quite touching the metal, and after a second, he retreated, his fingers curling back into his palm as he pulled his hand back.  The low light gleamed on the door knob, and he stared at it, a strange sense of need making his fingers twitch.“It is fine,” Jarvis said, his voice falling into coaxing tones.  “Go ahead.”DJ let his hand rest on the door, his fingers spread.  “Sleeping?”There was a pause.  “Yes.  But you know the rules, DJ.  If you are afraid, you must go find someone.  Or I will find someone for you.”DJ leaned his weight into his hand, pressing against the door.  “Not afraid,” he said, but it sounded like a lie, even to him.  He scrunched his eyes shut.  “Not afraid.”Jarvis was silent for a moment, then he said, “Everyone is scared sometimes,” he said.  “But you don't have to be scared and alone, DJ.  That is so much worse.”DJ squeezed his eyes shut and his fingers into a fist, and knocked on the door. “Thank you, DJ,” Jarvis said, and DJ started to breathe again.Almost immediately, Steve opened the door, one hand still pulling a shirt down over his chest.  His face was worried, and DJ tried to give him a smile.  It didn't feel right, it felt like a lie, but he tried so hard to keep it on his face.“Hey,” Steve said, crouching down in front of DJ.  “Are you okay?”  He reached out, one hand smoothing DJ's hair away from his eyes.  DJ nodded, leaning into the steady warmth of Steve's fingers.  Steve's face relaxed.  “Did you have a bad dream?”DJ's hands twisted in the fabric of his shirt, his fingers pulling hard.  He nod
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Family
Kidfic
Coming of Age
Falling In Love
Making Friends

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

