Chapter 1: Washed Ashore
    




Chapter Text

One
 The world was wet and cold and smelled of leftover ozone. Hair stood up all over his body, conductive, and he shivered as he ran. The sand oozed beneath him and tried to suck him in but he skittered lightly, barely touching down. Sea-scent came from his right, too cold too big too loud too briney crashy splashy but there was something in it? Out of it? He turned, reluctant at first then stretching himself out as far as his stride could go when the smell of distress tangled in his nostrils.Behind him, Big Hands Scruffy Face was calling:“No, Lucky! Come zzzzz! Stay, zzz Zzzz zZZ dog!” Normally, he would have been butt-deep and squelching in sand by now, wagging his tail and waiting for the man to catch up, but the smell was pulling him on. It grew stronger with each sniff, until the shape resolved itself into a man, caught between sea and shore, covered in the slick watergrass that collected by the edge of the wet. A few isolated Hurty Blobs were stuck to him, and Lucky tried to nudge them aside with his paws.Above him, Big Hands Scruffy Face had seen the man, and even if he couldn’t smell the seawater inside him, the lingering scent of gunpowder and the sharp tang of BLOOD, he seemed to understand that Things Were Bad.“Good dog, Lucky,” he said as he hunkered down on his haunches, pawing at the other man urgently. Lucky sniffed around them both, looking up every once in a while to scan the beach for further oddities.___For the first horrified moment, Phil had been sure the man was dead; he’d hardly be the only dead thing Lucky had ever taken a shine to. (Decomposition is Delicious was Lucky’s motto, sadly.) It was when Lucky began nudging aside the little stinging jellyfish that had accumulated-- the ones that he’d learned with the first sting to sort from the kind that were mere glop-- that Phil began to run.The man was breathing.Oh, thank god, the man was breathing, and his cold skin fluttered under Phil’s fingers as they dug under the seaweed wrapping his neck. His blue lips began to move as Phil checked him over, and a spasm ran across his chest.Long-dormant training and years of muscle memory reacted before Phil’s conscious mind could, and he’d heaved the man over on his side into the recovery position just in time for him to begin spewing seawater. Lucky jumped back; Phil kept one hand on the man’s neck and braced him, rubbing a thumb against the rapidly-increasing pulse point.He did turn his gaze away, though, checking what he could see of the rest of the man’s nearly naked body for damage, as the man rendered up the ocean inside himself.
____As disasters went, it was no Sandy; that was about the most that could be said of the storm formerly known as Tropical Storm Fred, but it was saying quite a lot. Still, Phil thought as he glanced up at the eerily calm dark skies above him,despite losing its name when it came ashore and spent its power along Cape Hatteras far to the south, Fred had managed to cause a fair amount of fuss. The early stages had raised seas nearly to the top of the dunes he stood on now. Rain had bucketed down, carving its own channels deep into the sand on its way back to the belly of the bay. Fred had staying power, as well; it had taken a day and a half nibbling its way up the East Coast, and stalled over Atlantic City as if it had finally found something worth lingering over. In the early stages yesterday, all vessels had been ordered to take refuge and all the residences on the Jersey Shore, on Long Beach Island, and the other barrier islands had begun to put up boards and pull things out of range of the expected storm surge.The low-lying island of North Bar was Phil’s own charge, from its big abandoned mansion in the middle to the power plant and concrete research bunkers along the shore to his own little seaside cottage and yard. He’d been glad there were no visitors when the storm began; it had allowed him to do his rounds with the efficiency of a decade and a half of routine. Lucky by his side was the only company he needed. Except that now, with so much still on his list of caretaker’s duties and with a half-drowned man on his beach, he would have been grateful for another pair of hands.Where had this man come from? The barrier islands nearly visible across the little channel they sat on? Some damn fool boat that had thought it could make it to a berth further up the coast before the storm hit? There were several small shipping crates scattered about the beach, in various states of destruction. That gave credence to the small boat suggestion, but it was hardly confirmation.Well, no answers were going be forthcoming from the mainland at the moment, not the way Fred had been tearing at the infrastructure. And they weren’t going to come from the bedraggled heap of human here on the beach with Phil, either. He was clad only in boxers, so there was no wallet to provide him answers. Nor could the man himself; he was clearly not g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Kate Bishop/America Chavez

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Phil never joined SHIELD
Secret Identity
Conspiracy
Unresolved Sexual Tension
backyard chickens
chicken injuries
don't get too attached to the chickens
Resolved Sexual Tension
Memory Alteration

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Kate Bishop/America Chavez

