Work Text:
 

 
 

“You have come to the shore. There are no instructions.”
- Denise Levertov   He finds them, in the end, beneath a false bottom in Steve’s bedroom dresser, second drawer down from the top, couched under neat rows of white undershirts so crisp they look like the folded flags of a soldier’s burial.As hiding spots go, it’s quite a premeditated choice for a man who supposedly cannot tell a lie. Work went into this, and care. It’s almost a pity it wasn’t more of a challenge to unearth their whereabouts. Maybe it’s a sign Steve wanted him to find him out, but that isn’t a thought Barnes entertains for long. Steve is an open book in nearly every way, just not in this. If he’s bad at hiding things, it’s because he’s never had any real reason to hide.Everyone has secrets, though, even the most upstanding folks; even Captain America. While this fact surprises Barnes not at all—Steve might be superhuman and hailed as a living legend, but he’s still just a man—what he finds isn’t quite what he expected.After years of secrets being kept from him and having none of his own, Barnes knows what kinds of things people like to hide, whether for leverage or personal gain, or to protect themselves or what—whom—they love. Even happiness, sometimes, if they’re scared it might be taken away. It figures. Only Steve Rogers's deepest, darkest secrets could manage to be as blithely innocent as the rest of him. It’s a surprisingly welcome relief that Steve remains so steadfastly wholesome, even in the things he most wants hidden from the world. It’d be sickening if it weren’t so predictable, if it weren’t the cornerstone around which Barnes's entire life is currently built.There are at least two dozen of them: thin, battered brown notebooks organized by the dates scrawled on each cover, faded ink spelling out over a decade between the years 1929 to 1944. Steve would have been ages twelve to twenty-six, Barnes calculates absently. (He imagines how Steve’s face would brighten at this, this supposed knowing, but Barnes memorized the details in his file the first time he saw it: Steven Grant Rogers, DOB July 4, 1917, Brooklyn, NY. That’s not memory. That’s something else.) Barnes would have been fourteen; later, he would have been twenty-four and MIA on the Front. After that, he would have been nothing, unmade.The roughness of the notebook covers beneath his flesh-and-blood fingertips draws Barnes back to the present. He runs them over the dark-blue scrawl of Steve’s name, the sepia blossom of water damage in one corner. Flips through the rest clinically. There are fewer notebooks towards the end, and from 1945, the year Steve went under the ice, none at all.In places there are gaps too, jumps that span months, sometimes up to nearly half a year. The missing chapters tell a story of lost time, lost work, or both. Lost inspiration, maybe, but Barnes is guessing there. What few memories he has are no help to him, little more than a trail of breadcrumbs leading him out into the deepest depths of the forest of his mind, only to disappear once he’s lost himself in a whirlwind of dreams and flashbacks with no narrative or logic, images that could be real or imagined but he hasn’t a clue which. They’ve led him this far, but from here on out, the way forward is as obscure as it’s ever been.And yet it doesn’t occur to him, at first, that the books might not be journals or a record of other people’s secrets, because Steve isn’t the type to keep a tally, but rather--sketchbooks. He wonders if a part of him didn’t know all along what he’d find, if the missing pieces of his memories were just waiting for the right nudge to fall into place.Logically it fits. When he isn’t off saving the world, squabbling with Tony Stark, working out, or suffering through government meetings, Steve is constantly drawing. Even Barnes's vaguest remembrances of the time before always place Steve with a pencil in hand, brow furrowed slightly in concentration while he draws. Barnes sees him sketching birds in the back garden or doodling caricatures on napkins, even idly tracing shapes and patterns in the margins of the morning newspaper while he sips his coffee or contemplates the crossword. Steve doesn’t bother to hide the sketchbooks filled with innocuous subjects or half-drawn comic panels, not even the ones containing profiles of Sam Wilson or Agent Romanoff, nor those of Agent Carter or their old compatriots from the war. Those he leaves strewn about for anyone to find, hiding in plain sight.Never Barnes, though. Never Bucky. His rendering is as utterly absent from Steve’s sketches as the Winter Soldier is from history.Without ego or expectation, Barnes doesn't understand why. Too many times he has caught Steve staring at him from behind his sketchpad, always quick to look away when they accidentally make eye contact. His gaze twists Barnes up inside, rends something deep in his chest, steals his breath. It's a different pain than he’s used to. But it’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
implied dissociative disorder
artist steve feels
References to internalized Homophobia
brief mention of past noncon

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

