Work Text:
If Steve had ever thought about this -- and he's not admitting he has, thank you very much, Sam -- it would have involved going to the pawn shop, probably, and picking out a slender gold band that was probably mostly nickel but was paid for with all the hope in his heart. And they'd be at the church and there would be a long mass and Bucky fidgeting his way through it and probably pretending to drop the rings to make Steve smile inappropriately during church. And it wouldn't have happened at all, except maybe in a weird realistic dream where one of them was dressed as a bride and the other in a bird costume.Steve has no idea how he blundered into this one, is probably what he means. He thinks that this might actually be a dream but there's no way even his subconscious is fucked up enough to come up with 'and then I went shopping for a ring to marry my best friend with Howard Stark's son's ladyfriend helping me pick one out at Tiffany's while Howard Stark's son lurked behind us pretending not to be deeply interested in the proceedings'."We can, of course, pull designs from the archives for you, Captain," says the manager, just as if it's a personal favor to him and there's not a hundred admen metaphorically lurking behind him getting ready to paper every Tiffany's location with discreet displays. Be part of an American legend. This beautiful platinum and black diamond band is similar to the one bought by an American captain for his partner. Price available on request. "We want your wedding ring to be perfect for you and your bride.""I hardly ever get invited to weddings," says Stark, apropos of nothing. "Why don't I get invited to weddings, Pepper?""Because you hook up with every member of the wedding party that stays still enough for you to sleaze up to them," says Natasha from Steve's phone. She's holding the phone with one hand and flicking through a rack of dark clothing with the other, and her voice is coming from the comm in his ear. Steve wishes Bucky was here to see that. It's just like in the Lensman series, only more amazing because nobody thinks it's that strange. "What color should Barnes wear?"Steve opens his mouth and Natasha adds, "Keep in mind that if you say 'navy' or 'black', I will shank you."Steve closes his mouth again. He tries, "Gray's nice? I think?""Hmm," says Natasha, and disconnects. "What sort of stone would your bride prefer?" says the manager. He tries to edge them toward a black velvet box with diamonds scattered in it like beautiful, horrifyingly expensive tears. "Diamonds, as you know, are traditional, but we have other precious and unusual stones as well." "Er," says Steve awkwardly, and then, as apologetically as he can, "It's actually my groom?" Stark doesn't look up from where he is typing on his phone so fast his thumbs seem to blur. "If that gets out before the press release I'm not going to be very happy," he says in a bored voice. Three people drop their hands from their pockets. "Cap, do you see anything you want here?" "Well," says Steve."I've got a couple grams of vibranium kicking around somewhere," says Stark. "Dad kept it from the shield or something, I don't know what for. If you want.""Maybe - maybe for his?" Steve says gratefully. "I can get myself a gold band. Or --"The manager makes a sound that is next door to a sob. "-- or he can pick one out for me," says Steve, choosing not to mention that Bucky's idea of a ring would probably involve plain titanium or gold. "We could -- go to the Tower? And work on his. And maybe Miss Potts could, with the video thing?""If you allow us to measure your ring size, Captain," says the manager quickly, "we could hold a selection of rings you like for your fiance." "Um," says Steve. "We're kind of on a --"Pepper steps in and leads the manager away, and Steve hears her tell the manager a version of the truth, Captain Rogers' fiance is unavailable to come to the store and perhaps we can set up a conference call with him and of course we can look at the website, but we're on a bit of a tight schedule, you understand…..
  Stark shoves his phone into his expensively tailored pocket, claps his hands and says, "Suit time! Then workshop time."
 

  Steve seriously considers jumping out of the window. It's only a couple of stories up. Instead he reminds himself that by this time tomorrow he'll be legally married to James Buchanan Barnes and Bucky will never be able to get away from him, ever, and allows Stark to put an officious hand on the small of his back and push him toward the elevator.

 They're in the car driving to the Garment District because Tony Stark wears Armani for every day but refuses to let Steve wear anything but hand-tailored-by-tiny-old-and-angry-Italian-men suits for his wedding, apparently, when Sam calls. "Hey," says Steve. He's trying to ignore Stark's driving, which compares favorably to any taxi driver that has tried to make Steve a more prayerful man before.

  "Hey," says Sam. He sounds distracte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Idiots in Love
Marriage
Same-Sex Marriage
Marriage of Convenience
transparent excuses steve rogers has made

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

