Chapter 1: One Flash of Light But No Smoking Pistol
    


Summary:

A severely oxygen-deprived Tony struggles through what he believes are his last moments of life, complete with rambling thoughts and events from his life flashing before his eyes.Then, just when he thinks it's all over... it isn't?



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
I never climbed Everest, Tony thought, because of course, when you're that close to buying the proverbial farm, you almost owe yourself the luxury of making a bucket list, then feeling shitty about all the fabulous stuff you'll never, ever get the chance to do.
Shoulda climbed Everest. Bruce has been to Nepal, and maybe...
Only Tony knew that Bruce couldn't really help. Not with travel plans to Nepal, or anything else.Besides, if he told the truth, the closest he really wanted to get to mountain climbing was that weird--but actually pretty damn interesting--book he'd read, all about climbing Everest, which frankly sounded horrible, what with all the cold (he hated to be cold) and the camping (Tony didn't actually know if he hated camping, because he'd never been crazy enough to go camping). Camping in extreme cold while also trying your damnedest not to fall off a fucking huge, possibly Yeti-infested mountain (not that Tony was really a cryptozoology kind of guy, but the fact remained that he literally had seen stranger things) with ridges, crevasses, and way, way too much snow, and yet not enough oxygen...
Blarg.
The book... Pepper often--correction, usually--hated the weird shit he read.The book, the one he was trying to think of, had Yetis in it. And Nazis. Mountain-climbing Nazis, possibly the worst kind. Only, the Nazis were really Yetis, or the Yetis were really Nazis. One of the two. He couldn't remember. It all made sense at the time.He also couldn't go to Nepal with Bruce (even if, through some preposterous twist of fate, he ever got to see his ScienceBro again), because Bruce would make him call the mountain Sagarmatha, or possibly Chomolungma, while earnestly try not to laugh at his pronunciations. After that ordeal, Bruce would make him eat yak yogurt. Tony knew it.Pepper often made him eat almond yogurt. Or pretend to eat almond yogurt. Not yogurt flavored like almonds, which would be at least halfway on the way to okay, but yogurt actually made of almond milk. Pepper refused to listen to his diatribe on why she couldn't really call it milk, because milk came from mammals, while the liquid extracted from plants was generally called juice. Pep answered that she refused to refer to her almond--or cashew, hazelnut, pistachio, pecan, or walnut--beverages as "nut juice," and that he was being ridiculous (and more than a little gross). "What?" Tony had responded, with one of his innocent looks. Pepper had been both unmoved and unimpressed.Come to think of it, Pep often seemed both unmoved and unimpressed with the stuff he said. But he loved her. He loved her. He did.Could a guy really base a marriage on the eating (or not eating) of nut-based yogurt? Not that it would really be the foundation of their union, but a man who'll lie about yogurt...Maybe a man who'd lie about yogurt would lie about anything. Or maybe there were enough levels of lies that some were okay, some iffy, some unforgivable, like venial sins and... um... that other kind of sin.He should ask Grandpa Steve. Steve would know.If he ever talked to Steve again. Which he wouldn't.Partly because of Siberia, and the snow, and the uniquely horrible noise as the leading edge of Steve's shield tore through the metal of his suit, but mostly because of Tony's imminent demise, in parts of space unknown, all alone in the endless (and airless) endlessness except for a cranky blue cyborg whose daddy issues eclipsed even his own.Speaking of which...Tony found himself rubbing his chest, really working the ol' lungs trying pull in something approaching a halfway decent breath. He felt like a blue whale sucking in the equivalent of a backyard swimming pool's worth of seawater to strain out a few kilos of krill. Fuck, the O2 on this rust bucket must've dropped low. Lower than he'd calculated. Time to pull out the slide rule and recalculate those calculations, Stark!Tony's mind felt weird now, too. Weird and slippery, like some other weird and slippery thing--like mayonnaise, or motor oil, or those snail-slime beauty mask thingies from Korea that Pep sometimes used on her face. He kinda felt like he didn't give two shits, now, about the calculations. Those calculations could fuck their complicated selves.Besides, he didn't have a slide rule. Or a calculator. Or a computer. Or JARVIS.His dad (source of the aforementioned issues) would have had a slide rule. Howard. Howard-his-dad had used a slide rule all the time, only he called it a "slipstick." Tony remembered.His brain did its own kind of slippage then, first to Sokovia, and then again to Siberia, and the fact that Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Nebula & Tony Stark
Loki & Nebula (Marvel)
Nebula & Thor (Marvel)
Rocket Raccoon & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Near Death
Outer Space
Survival
Fix-It
Angst and Feels
Psychological Trauma
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Asgardian Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Swears
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Torture
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Nebula (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Infinity Gems
Time Travel
Magic
Enemies to Friends
Asgardian Magic (Marvel)
POV Tony Stark
StarkTech
asgardian medicine

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Nebula & Tony Stark
Loki & Nebula (Marvel)
Nebula & Thor (Marvel)
Rocket Raccoon & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

