Work Text:

Phase One: Interview

You wait nervously in the empty room, uncomfortable despite the plush sofa and the array of beverage options and light snacks on the coffee table before you.  In contrast to the room’s otherwise homey appearance, a number of advanced looking cameras are on stands aimed at the couch you are sitting on.  You stare at the notebook on your lap and fidget with your jewelry as you wait for Dr. Banner and Mr. Stark to enter.  You are a big fan of them both and can hardly believe you are about to meet them.  You can hardly believe any of this is about to happen. 
The door opens.  Mr. Stark enters, with Dr. Banner behind him.
“Hey there,” Mr. Stark says with a charming smile as he settles into one of the armchairs opposite you.
“Sorry to keep you waiting,” Dr. Banner says by way of greeting as he perches on the other chair.
You mumble your greetings and hand over your notebook.  Dr. Banner has a tablet and stylus in his hands.  He informs you that he will be confirming all of your basic information to start.  As he trudges through the tedious section of the interview, Mr. Stark flips through your notebook with interest.
“Really good notes, detailed,” he compliments you, interrupting Dr. Banner.
“We’ll get to that, Tony,” Dr. Banner tells him.  Mr. Stark exchanges a look with you, jerking his head toward Dr. Banner with a playfully critical expression.  You can’t help but smile back, but you try to keep your focus on Dr. Banner’s questions.  You want to be a good test subject. 
“Now to confirm your consent list,” Dr. Banner is saying.  “Please state ‘yes’ or ‘no’ regarding your consent for each item.”
You nod, and Dr. Banner reads down a long list of sexual acts, all of which you had already consented to on paper.  You confirm it all verbally.  Mr. Stark waits patiently through this part.
“Onto your notes,” Dr. Banner finally announces, “we asked you to masturbate once a day for fifteen days, without the aid of sex toys, until orgasm had been achieved or until you had determined orgasm impossible. We asked you to take notes on your experiences.”  He turns to Mr. Stark, who is looking at the notebook.
“Really well done,” Mr. Stark compliments you again, “a lot of good info here.”
“Thank you so much,” you say, happy to have pleased him.
“As good as your notes are,” he replies with a smile, “we’d still like a verbal account. Can you describe how you masturbated?”
You tell them, trying to maintain alternating eye contact with the two of them despite your instinct to look away in embarrassment.  You feel painfully shy, revealing such intimate information, but you can feel yourself growing increasingly wet as you talk.  Dr. Banner is taking notes in his tablet and Mr. Stark is staring at you, listening attentively.
“Would you be comfortable giving us a demonstration now?” Dr. Banner asks when you’ve finished your verbal account.
You look away for a moment, self-conscious but excited, then force yourself to meet his gaze.
“Yes,” you say with a nod, trying to communicate your enthusiastic consent without appearing more eager than a test subject should be.
“Great,” Mr. Stark says with a smile that is keen, but not lascivious, “is the couch comfortable for you, or would you prefer we move to a room with a bed?”  
“This will do,” you tell them as you stand up to undress.  They both watch as you reveal your body.  It’s clear that they like what they see, though Dr. Banner is trying to keep his expression professional.   
“There’s lube in that drawer,” Mr. Stark says, only he is staring at you and not at any drawer.  You look around and find the lube in the drawer of the end table.  You take the bottle out and set it atop the table, though you’re already so wet you aren’t planning to use it.  You notice the drawer also contains wipes for you to clean yourself up with afterwards.
Once nude, you settle yourself back on the couch and part your legs, giving them a full view of your pussy.  The sight of their eyes on your body makes you wetter.  Dr. Banner tears his gaze away in order to rearrange one of the cameras so that it points directly between your legs.  He sets a second camera to focus on your face.  
“As you progress, please rate your pleasure on a scale of one to ten,” Dr. Banner instructs, still trying to act professional though the hungry look in his eyes is betraying him, “one signifying minimal sexual pleasure and ten signifying the most sexual pleasure you have ever experienced in your life. Please also tell us when you reach orgasm. And if you wish to stop at any time, please do. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Doctor,” you reply in a breathy tone, your hands already on your breasts.  You stimulate your nipples just the way you like, only you move more slowly than when you’re alone, making each motion easier for them to observe.  Mr. Stark licks his lips.  
“One,” you say, your puckered nipples between your fingertips.  You run your other hand over your body, lingering over your inner thighs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark/Reader

freeform: 
Porn
Reader-Insert
reader is female
Threesome - F/M/M
Science Bros
Science Experiments
Laboratories
Science Kink
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
sex on camera
BDSM
Bondage
Sex Toys
Nipple Clamps
Fucking Machines
Vibrators
Consensual Forced Orgasm
Bondage Orgasm
Multiple Orgasms
Female Ejaculation
Dildos
Butt Plugs
Anal Fingering
Double Penetration
Hand Jobs
Cunnilingus
Rimming
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Lab Sex
Being Filmed

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark/Reader

