Chapter 1: Good Morning, or Should I Say Afternoon?
    




Chapter Text
“Here comes the sun - Here comes the sun, and I say It's alright - Little darling, it's been a long cold lonely winter - Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here - Here comes the sun Here comes the sun, and I say It's alright - Little darling, the smiles returning to the faces - Little darling, it seems like years since it's been here - Here comes the sun Here comes the sun, and I say It's all right -  Sun, sun, sun, here it comes - Sun, sun, sun, here it comes Sun, sun, sun, here it comes Sun, sun, sun, here it comes Sun, sun, sun, here it comes.” -The Beatles 
 He was breathing. 
It was as though he were waking up from a long sleep, except he was acutely aware of his body, the press of the mattress against his shoulder blades, and the low murmur of voices.Steve Rogers open his eyes only to quickly shut them closed an instant later. The light was so bright he could still see it burning through his eyelids. He slowly blinked them open again, squinting until they adjusted.   He was in a hospital room the window open the sun shining on him. In the corner, a radio blared, the voice of a sports commentator describing a baseball game- a game that Steve recognized.What happened? Where was he? The last thing he remembered was crashing Hydra’s plane into the ice, so how did he end up here?Steve sat up quickly, his heart pounding in his chest. Something was not right. He glanced at the window his brow furrowing. Somewhere outside the window, a horn blared.A nurse walked in and she too was off. Steve gave her a once over, noticing the odd way her hair sat, the foreign make of her shirt and the way she moved. She dressed in a similar fashion to Peggy, but somehow not quite hitting the mark. He could hear her heart beating a staccato nearly as loud as his own. She was nervous, but why?“Where am I?” he asked, his voice surprisingly even.She cleared her throat. “In a recovery room in New York City.” Her hands twitched as she spoke, clasped in front of her.What was she hiding? Was she part of Hydra?He listened to the radio recognizing the commentators' voice, he knew he recognized that game.“Where am I really?” he asked a note of anger in voice. Her clothes were all wrong. It was like she was trying to look like the girls from the war office, but there was something so wrong, so out of place.She looked panicked before quickly masking it with a confused smile. “I’m afraid I don’t understand.”“The game it’s from May nineteen forty-one. I know cause I was there.” Steve stood, squaring his shoulders - ready to fight.“I’m going to ask you again, where am I?” He looked down at her. Her heart was beating so loud he was almost surprised she couldn’t hear it.“Captain Rogers-”“Who are you!” he demanded. The door burst open and men in black charged in, weird looking guns in their hands pointing at him.He ran.…………....Tony walked off stage, a fake smile stretching across his face.He slipped behind one of the many curtains and pulled out a small silver device. This was becoming a daily routine now, and every time the small spark of hope in him was dimmed.Tony Stark placed his thumb on the small protruding needle and grimaced as it pricked him. His grimace turned to a scowl when he saw the number appear on the small screen.BLOOD TOXICITY: 19%He sighed as he sucked the cut on his finger, pretending not to feel the tears stinging his eyes. He needed to get a grip on himself, he was still in public.  It was just a dumb cut Stark, grow up. His shoulders sagged his eyes trained on the ground. He was dying. He was dying and there was nothing he could do to stop it.……………Steve tried not to frown at the man in front of him.“So, you’re telling me that Director Fury wants me to have a playdate?” Repeating the words only made him more confused. He pretended not to notice the stares and whispers of the agents around them. Clearly, the news that Captain America was alive was still turning heads.It had been little over two weeks since he had woken up in the twenty-first century. After having what happened to him explained by Fury, S.H.E.I.L.D had left him alone, allowing him to try and get his life back. Until now.The smaller man nodded, smoothing down his tie nervously. “That is correct,” he said, looking a little uncomfortable under the captains' scrutiny. He began to fidget with his cellular phone. Steve still had trouble understanding how that skinny little thing could be capable of anything, let alone a phone call.His attention snapped back when the agent cleared his throat. “With a randomly selected Little that I don't know.” Steve monotoned.“Yes.”“I’m not quite sure-”“Its standard procedure Captain Rogers, everyone does it nowadays. It’s either this or online matching.” the man explained before Steve could say no.Steve inwardly rolled his eyes. That’s all he ever heard ‘everyone does it this way’ or ‘that’s how we work nowadays’ or ‘this is the future’. He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
Littles Are Known
Littles
Ageplay
Infantilism
thumb sucking
bottles
Pacifiers
Angst
Comfort
Happy Ending
Baby Tony
Little!Tony
little!Clint
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
IM2
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Captain America: The First Avenger
Avengers Family
Cribs
Samuel - Freeform
Diapers
tantrums
Spanking
Wetting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Age Regression/De-Aging
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Team as Family
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Protective Steve Rogers
Non-Sexual Age Play
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bed-Wetting
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Corporal Punishment
Abuse
Bathing/Washing
Cuddling & Snuggling
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Temporary Character Death
Deaf Clint Barton
Depression
Anxiety Disorder
Anxiety
Mental Health Issues
Altered Mental States
Mental Breakdown
Triggers
Tags May Change

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

