Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
“Hey Penis, how did you…” The taunt trailed away into silence, drawing Peter’s attention when he would normally just ignore the other boy. Flash was looking at him, eyes narrowed, lips pursed and brow creased very slightly in confusion.

“What Flash?” Peter asked tiredly, wanting to move on. He’d barely made his first class after waking up late at the tower, he didn’t want to be late for another one.


Flash gave him another glance over, looking from his ratty shoes to his not-so-artfully-ripped jeans and then to the hoodie he’d tugged on quickly that morning. His gaze lingered there even as he spoke.


“Is that Armani?”


For several seconds the words didn’t compute. They jumbled around in Peter’s head, the order rearranging until his brain finally locked them in place and the meaning clicked.


“What? No!” Peter exclaimed vehemently.


Then, he paused.


A bubble of doubt filled his stomach.


“N-no,” he said again, trying to  sound as confident as he had before and failing, “Why would 

I

 be wearing Armani? I mean, what even is an A-Armani? I don’t even know that word!”


He forced a laugh and could feel a shiver down his spine at the way it echoed painfully loud in his ears, despite the sounds of students pushing their way to class around him.


A hand touched his arm and Peter fought down the urge to instantly shrug it off the hoodie, glancing quickly to meet Ned’s wide-eyed look and the small shake of his head.


Flash just stared at them, expression dubious for several more long seconds before suddenly relaxing.


“Of course it isn’t,” he suddenly laughed, “Everyone knows you couldn’t afford it. Even from here I can tell it’s a cheap knock-off. Lame, Penis.” He punctuated the taunt with the rough shove of his shoulder into Peter’s as he passed.


Peter watched him go.


“Peter, what was-” Ned started but Peter cut him off.


“Shh,” he ordered, a hand blindly pressing over Ned’s mouth to silence him as he watched Flash finally turn around the corner into the next hallway.


“Peter, what are you-”


He trailed off, watching, perplexed, as Peter suddenly hurried out of the hoodie he’d been wearing that day, almost taking his t-shirt off at the same time in his haste.


“Peter,” Ned said warningly, beyond confused by his friend as Peter held the hoodie out in front of him with shaking hands and wide eyes.


“Ned,” he replied, voice quivering. “I think I 

am

 wearing Armani…”


Ned’s eyes widened to match Peter’s, then narrowed slightly again. “I think you’d 

know

 if you’d been buying Armani, Peter,” he pointed out with a slight hint of amusement.


Peter turned to him, hands finally pulling the hoodie in to hold carefully against his chest, cradled gently like a newborn baby.


“I was running late; it was just on the floor in the living room, I figured it must be mine and I’d just left it there earlier…”


Ned snorted, “Are you saying 

May

 is wearing Armani?”


Peter shook his head slowly, “I… I stayed at the Tower last night…”


Finally, understanding dawned on Ned, his eyes widening and hand moving without conscious thought to touch the fabric held like porcelain in Peter’s grasp.


“Dude… did you steal Iron Man’s clothes?”


Peter’s mouth opened but no words came out, just a small choked noise that sounded like a kitten.

 

(“Dude, that hoodie’s like $800,” Ned whispered to him in the middle of chemistry class, quickly tucking his phone away again before the teacher spotted him. Peter pulled his lab coat even more tightly around him.”)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fluff
Humour
or attempts at it at least

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

