Work Text:
Tony first realizes how sensitive Peter is while fitting him with his graduation gift, a fully revamped suit with as many extra bells and whistles as he can think of. It happens as he’s running his hands along his back, making sure the new fabric falls perfectly flat: a small shiver, barely noticeable, shaking through Peter’s body. Curious, Tony experimentally repeats the movement; the shiver gets stronger; when he does it a third time, Peter’s hands flex and then clench into fists, like he’s trying to keep himself under control.He wonders how he’s never noticed. Probably because he’s never been quite so hands-on when fitting a suit. It hadn’t felt right, before. Not that he’d consciously decided it felt right now, but the kid’s off to college in a few months, not quite a kid anymore, and—well, anyway. Now he knows. Which means this suit isn’t finished.“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asks, conversationally.“Huh?” Peter asks, voice tight. He turns his head, revealing a slight flush on his cheeks.Tony runs his finger up his spine, and watches, slightly amused, but mostly concerned, as his breath visibly catches. “That,” he says. “Seems like a problem. I can’t imagine what it’s like in a fight.”“Oh.” Peter swallows. “No, it’s fine. I normally have it under control.”“Normally’s not good enough,” Tony scolds. “Give me a few weeks, I’ll design a fabric to deal with it.”“You—you really don’t have to, Mr. Stark,” Peter insists, but Tony waves off the refusal.“It’s your graduation gift, it’s going to be perfect.”For a second it looks like Peter’s going to keep protesting, but then he just shrugs and says, “Yeah, fine. I guess it can’t hurt.”~~Yeah, it can’t hurt, right up until the moment Tony tests the new fabric by running his hands across Peter’s body in version 2.0 of the graduation gift. It seems to be working, Peter isn’t reacting with the same involuntary shivers. But somewhere between feeling across his surprisingly strong chest and catching sight of his face—lips parted, eyes slightly glazed, blush up to his hair—Tony realizes two things: one, the kid is definitely not a kid anymore, and two, this is entirely inappropriate.He snatches his hands back, declaring, “Seems good, but let’s test it with, uh, some...real tests.” He clears his throat, surprised by how flustered he sounds. “You know. Computer scans.”Peter nods. “Okay,” he agrees, and his voice is too high, weak and shaky.Yeah, so, this was a bad idea after all.~~A really bad idea, because now that it’s happened, Tony can’t get Peter’s flushed face out of his head. He tries, he really does. But his stupid, traitor of a brain keeps bringing it up at the most inconvenient times. Like when his hand is wrapped around his dick late at night, trying very earnestly to think about anything, anybody else.But it’s fine. Peter’s about to go to college. Soon he’ll be distracted by girls—or boys? that stupid, traitorous part of Tony’s mind wonders—and friends and science and he won’t come around as much and this madness will fade. He just needs to get through it.~~He sends the finished version of the suit as a package rather than personally delivering it like he’d originally planned, and comes up with an excuse to spend the last month of the summer in Europe. It’s not all that helpful, but at least he’s trying.~~By the time Tony gets back to New York, Peter has started at Columbia, and whatever momentary awkwardness may have existed appears to be gone from everywhere except his own head. Peter still drops by Tony’s personal lab in the city sometimes, to tinker with his web shooters or work on science projects in a higher-tech facility than even his Ivy League college can offer, but if he remembers standing in that very room, blushing and glassy eyed, he doesn’t show it.Except that, occasionally, he crowds Tony’s space more than he used to, reaching across him for a test-tube, landing a hand on his back as he passes behind him. Or maybe that’s not new, and Tony’s just noticing it for the first time. He stretches back in his memory, but he can’t be sure.He ignores it. What else is he going to do?~~The ignore-the-problem tactic works surprisingly well until a month into Peter’s second semester, when he shows up at the lab, looking unfairly good in too-large jeans and a hoodie (seriously, no one should look that good in a hoodie), clears his throat, and says, “Mr. Stark, I have a problem. That I, uh, could use your help with?”Peter asking for help isn’t anything new, but something in his tone makes Tony do a double-take. That’s not how he sounds when he’s looking for tips on a complicated chemistry set. “Anything you need, you know that,” he replies automatically.Peter drops his backpack at the door and enters the lab with tentative steps, as if he’s not quite sure what he’s doing, which puts Tony on high alert. Normally he treats this place like a second home, traipsing in with little more than a “Hi, Mr. Stark!” before getting to work. Not today. Today he loo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
For Science!
Pining
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Coming In Pants
Praise Kink
Peter Parker's Powers Are Fun
Anal Sex
Fucking Machines
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

