Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If Steve had to pick one thing about his Omega that drove him absolutely crazy, it was Bucky’s sheer inability to tell Steve when something was wrong. Bucky would never tell Steve when he was having a bad day, he’d never look at his Alpha and explain that his stomach hurt, or that he’d rolled his ankle on the subway. Instead he’d get overly affectionate, slinging an arm over Steve’s tiny shoulders when they walked down the street, or wrapping his arms around his waist from behind when he was cooking. At the beginning of their relationship Steve had been terrified that he wouldn’t be able to properly provide for him. He was so weak he couldn’t even pop a knot. But Bucky never cared, they had toys to help with heats and as far as Bucky was concerned as long as Steve was close, he was happy. So if Steve had to do a little more detective work when his Omega was sick, then so be it. He could do that.
However, Bucky’s favourite thing to do when he wasn’t well was nest. After a long day down at the docs, the first thing he would do was shower and pull all of their blankets into the centre of the bed, grabbing Steve away from whatever he was doing and wrapping around him like an octopus while they quietly talked about their day. Bucky never said it, and Steve never asked, but they both knew just how hard it was for Bucky to be working down at the docks as a Bonded Omega. The taunting and ridicule he’d constantly have to deal with always left a mark. Steve hated it, but they were happy. It wasn’t always easy, and Steve got sick way too much. But they had a good life.
Then the war hit the States.
 
Bucky’d wanted nothing to do with it, and the first time he’d found out Steve had lied on his enlistment form the high-pitched whine he’d let out combined with the sheer anguish in his scent had sent Steve reeling. It had taken him days to get Bucky out of his nest, trying to assure the Omega’s hindbrain that he wasn’t trying to get away from him. He’d finally lured him out with the promise that he would only go and apply with Bucky. Steve had figured it was an easy promise, no one in their right mind would send a bonded Omega into an active combat zone.
Steve was horrified when Bucky received his acceptance, and a prescription for suppressants.
At first, Bucky’d tried to make light of it, cracking jokes about how Steve would have to beat other Omegas away with sticks while he was gone. Steve had growled and pitched his Alpha voice low at the bad joke, letting Bucky know just how not funny he was. Bucky’d stopped pretending to be okay after that. Becoming more and more tactile as his countdown began, holding his hand in public, curling into his lap while they listened to the radio. Steve tried to act bravely, but his heart was breaking.
 
The night before he left Steve had done everything he could to provide for his Omega one last time. Riddling the poor soldier’s senses with Alpha commands of being safe, and not running into a fight he wasn’t sure he could win. Instead of making jokes, Bucky had crawled up into his lap and nuzzled him, murmuring soft yes Alpha responses to each command. Steve had dragged his feet to the train station the next day, masking his own scent with Bucky’s increasing inability to hide how scared he was. The suppressants had worked beautifully, but Steve knew his Bucky, his scent glands could be completely removed and Steve would still know his Bucky.
He pulled him into a tight hug and whispered into his ear.
“You be brave Buck, and leave a few Nazis for me yeah? I’ll come find you soon okay?” Bucky’d nodded shakily into his shoulder, normal bravado completely gone in the face of his impending reality.
“I love you okay? So brave Buck, I’m gunna come get you okay? You stay away from those unbonded Alphas, no need to find more trouble” Bucky pulled away and blinked the tears threatening to spill over. Steve gave him a sad smile as Bucky cleared his throat.
“M’still yours right? Even if I go away?” Steve sighed and looked up at him with soft eyes. It spoke volumes that Bucky was so worried that he would actually vocalize his fears, even if it was in a slightly roundabout way.
“Yeah baby, you’re still mine, and I’m still yours okay? And m’gunna come find you” Bucky nodded and flinched as the whistle blew, throwing his arms around Steve again.
“I don’t wanna go” Steve almost lost his composure at the murmured confession, instead scenting him gently and letting out what he hoped was a soothing growl.
“I know, I know you don’t sweetheart. But I’ll be there soon okay? I promise, Gunna do everything I can to come find ya” Bucky nodded, and Steve appreciated the fact that Bucky never once questioned his inability to actually be accepted.
The way he’d clung to Steve’s hand right up until he was on the train and it started to move haunted the blonde for hours.
 
“I don’t like bullies sir, I don’t care where they come from” Erskine looked at him and his eyes caught the Bond Mark on h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
World War II
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Peggy Carter
Nesting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Mild Gore
Mating Bond
Insecure Bucky Barnes
Established Relationship
Not Captain America: The First Avenger Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

