Work Text:
Tony knew everything was going to go to shit the instant Steve got that crease between his eyebrows, the one that meant he’d taken a bullheaded (and usually stupid) stance.
 
In his hands was a copy of the Accords, ratified by 117 countries full of the  little guys Steve claimed to protect. When Steve had received them, he had looked shocked, as if the Accords hadn’t been all over the news since Sokovia. Tony had put TVs in the Compound; the Avengers had no excuse to not watch the damn news every once in a while.
 
“This document just shifts the blame,” Steve announced confidently, after reading all of three pages.
 
Tony rolled his eyes. Rhodey, the only one with common sense, apparently, raised an eyebrow. “I'm sorry. Steve. That is dangerously arrogant,” he said incredulously. “This is the United Nations we're talking about. It's not the World Security Council, it's not SHIELD, it's not HYDRA.”
 
“No, but it's run by people with agendas, and agendas change,” Steve shot back.
 
“ People with agendas, ” Tony mocked under his breath. “Newsflash: everyone has an agenda. That’s not even a comprehensible argument.”
 
Steve turned to him. “Did you say something?” he asked.
 
“No,” Tony smiled like butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth. “But, Steve, do you know what an agenda is?” Steve opened his mouth, but Tony didn’t let him talk. “It’s literally just a motivation, a reason for doing something.  Of course  everyone has an agenda. You have one, too; don’t think I haven’t noticed your  free Bucky jaunts all over the world. By your logic, your agenda should disqualify you from leading the Avengers, right?”
 
Rhodey snickered. Steve flushed an ugly red. “If we sign this, we surrender our right to choose,” he defended.
 
“You have a fundamental misunderstanding of how contracts work.”
 
“What if this panel sends us somewhere we don't think we should go?” Steve continued. “What if there is somewhere we need to go, and they don't let us? We may not be perfect, but the safest hands are still our own.”
 
“ The safest hands are still our own  - Steve, there are fifteen  dead  in Lagos because of your hands,” Tony hissed, in awe of Steve’s arrogance. “I think the UN can make better decisions than you. If the delegates of the  United Nations  choose not to send a violent task force into a situation,  they’re probably right .”
 
“You don’t know that.”
 
“Tell me, Steve, how many years have you studied international diplomacy, again?” Tony stood up in a vicious movement, running a hand through already messy hair. “You can’t honestly think you know best. You cannot possibly be that delusional. Some problems can’t be solved by hitting them really hard,  please tell me you know that?”
 
Steve glared at him. “We can’t sign these, Tony.”
 
“If we don't do this now, it's gonna be done to us later,” Tony admitted, sitting back down with a sigh. “That's the fact. That won't be pretty.”
 
Wanda, who had been silent, spoke up. “You're saying they'll come for me,” she said dully.
 
“Absolutely,” Tony didn’t beat around the bush. Despite what Steve was always preaching, she  wasn’t a kid, and she didn’t need things sugarcoated for her. “You’re the easiest target; the fifteen in Lagos, after you were already on shaky ground after Sokovia? They want your head on a platter.”
 
“And the Accords will give them that!” Steve shouted, standing. “Wanda, we can’t sign these.”
 
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. “Does the rest of the peanut gallery have something to add before I lose my shit?” he asked pleasantly. “Being in a room with this much idiocy is actually hurting my brain.”
 
“So let's say we agree to this thing. How long is it gonna be before they LoJack us like a bunch of common criminals?” Sam challenged.
 
“The Accords literally mean that the government can’t do that,” explained Tony. “The whole point is checks and balances, oversight, accountability. If you do something wrong, you’ll get punished. We aren’t above the law; this holds us to it.”
 
“It’s like oversight in the military,” Rhodey added, shooting Tony a sympathetic glace. “It’s not a collar.”
 
“What will they do to me?” Wanda asked quietly.
 
“Nothing,” Tony said, holding her eyes. He didn’t like her, not at all, but even he wasn’t cruel enough to let Ross get his slimy hands on her. Anything less than his protection, and he would. “If you sign, you’re protected by the entire UN  and me. You don’t have to like me, but my protection means something, especially if I have the international community on my side.” Tony grimaced. “They don’t like you very much, though. You’d have to make some serious efforts at amends. And, of course, it all goes down the drain if you fly off the rails.”
 
Instead of lashing out, like Tony had expected, Wanda simply nodded. “I understand,” she said.
 
Steve looked utterly betrayed. “Natasha?” he turned towards the only one of them yet to speak.
 
She winced, almost imperceptibly. “Tony’s right,” she admitted. “If we have one hand on t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Sassy Tony Stark
Tony Being Tony
Genius Tony Stark
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
as in theyre idiots but not irredeemable
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence
because tony takes no shit
idiot steve
Inspired by Tumblr
Salt
all salt

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

