Work Text:
Tony Stark hates soulmates.Even when he was little, when his mother still read him bedtime stories about true love and happily ever after, he knew deep down that they were a total load of crap.Well, he didn’t think in those exact terms at the time, but he did know that every time his mother explained to him that his soulmate was the other half of his soul, that they were so connected, so perfect for each other, that they literally shared their skin … he knew she was wrong.It wasn’t until he was older, after Jarvis had died and coming home to the mansion for the holidays felt as cold and empty as if he’d been frozen in ice, that he understood that even as a child he’d known his mother would have been better off if she’d never met Howard Stark.If she’d seen his writing on her skin on her eighteenth birthday and just … just ignored it, that she’d be happy now. She’d have been happy all of her life, rather than a candle going out, day after day, growing dimmer until she was little more than a paper spectre drifting around a giant, empty, loveless house.But she’d done what everyone does when they turn eighteen – she’d written on her own skin in response to her soulmate’s handwritten message, and they’d quickly arranged to meet and marry and did all the things that soulmates were supposed to do.And she’d been miserable.So Tony knew the truth: soulmates were a big fat lie. If your soul was rotten and miserable and frozen solid (like Howard’s) then you were just consigning another poor soul to a lifetime of being poisoned by you – by the one person who was supposed to be there for you no matter what.Even if your soul wasn’t rotten like that, even if you found another person who was there for you like they were supposed to be – that didn’t stop them from dying, from your soul literally being ripped in two. And then what were you supposed to do? Tony had seen the way Jarvis had slowly faded away, after Ana had died.You were better off alone, than suffering through any of that.And yet.Tony knew that – as much as the world was a cruel place and that ‘fate’ was a load of nonsense and that it was only a matter of time before some intrepid scientist found out the truth behind why people really shared their skin with another person – he knew that despite all that, there was a tiny chance (really, astronomically tiny, he’d done the math) that he would be one of the lucky few who happened to have a soulmate who was what all the legends and Hallmark movies said it was.He’d hoped it was Rhodey, for their first year at MIT.He’d never felt so close to anyone before, so comfortable. Like he could just be himself. He’d hoped that Rhodey would wake up on his eighteenth birthday and not find any writing because Tony still had years to go. He’d rolled out of bed, bright and eager, and gone to shake Rhodey awake. His hope lasted all of the two minutes it took for Rhodey to look down at his arm and see someone else’s handwriting scrawled across it.Tony spent the rest of the day in his lab.He didn’t need a soulmate anyway, he reminded himself. He didn’t need anyone. (DUM-E was born three weeks later.)When his parents died in a car crash a few days after his seventeenth birthday it was almost a relief. At least his mother wouldn’t have to suffer any more, he thought, as he stood in front of their tombstones, rain sliding down the back of his neck. At least her soul was finally free.Most of that year was a blur. Rhodey wasn’t around anymore, though he still called whenever his busy training schedule allowed, which wasn’t all that often. But between the parties and the PhD Tony didn’t have time to think about anything, especially not something as stupid as his soulmate. He had a company to run (as soon as he was twenty one) and the future to build. He didn’t have room in his life for anything – for anyone – else.Yet no matter how much he drank, or how many nights he stayed up in his lab, he couldn’t stop the way his nerves began to thrum in the weeks leading up to his eighteenth birthday.On more than one occasion he found himself with a pen in his hand, arms covered in ink, trying to make his handwriting look a little less like the messy, chaotic scrawl that it was.Then Howard’s voice would echo in his head, would remind him from beyond the grave that he had more important things to do than this namby pamby bullshit and why did you fill his head with so much rubbish Maria? And Tony would lock himself in the lab’s shower and scrub and scrub at his arms until all the black was gone and all that was left was red, raw skin.The night before his eighteenth birthday Tony threw the biggest party the MIT Engineering department had ever seen. He drank so much he thought he’d drown. Drank until the world swirled around him and his nerves stopped thrumming and he could lie down in his bed and not a single thought went through his head.He woke up to a pounding in his skull and a tingling, scratching sensation running along his right arm. He s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmate AU - When You Write On Your Skin It Appears On Your Soulmate's
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
kind of?
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark-centric
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Torture
It's no worse than canon though
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Come Shot
Comeplay
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

