Work Text:
At the end of a long and arduous mission, all Steve and Bucky wanted to do is go home, take a shower, and crawl into bed. Their bodies were weary, their minds wearier as they came down from their mission-high. It’s been too long since they could just relax because their target was elusive and cunning, making the SHIELD agents chase him across forty-three cities and fifteen countries over the course of a better part of the month. Even enhanced soldiers, for all their endurance and mental training, wore down as the days went on with little lead, so when they finally caught him in Shanghai, they were so done and ready for sleep.Bucky slumped against his seat, head propped on Steve’s shoulder and legs on top of Steve’s thighs, snoring softly in a light doze. Steve was unable to sleep quite yet, still winding down from his post-mission high. Instead, his tablet was set upon Bucky’s legs, and as one hand steadied the screen, he sketched. Up in front of the Quinjet was Clint and Natasha who were barely speaking to each other. The lack of inane talk and jokes reiterated the sheer exhaustion, and they were more than ready to have a break.What Steve wanted most, though, was his omega mate in his arms so that they completed the trio. Until he saw his omega safe and sound, he wouldn’t sleep.“Buckle in, we’re landing,” Clint finally said over their comms, and the Quinjet descended smoothly onto the landing pad.Steve pressed his cheek against Bucky’s head and nuzzled. “We’re home,” he whispered. Bucky nuzzled back in acknowledgement, and he lifted his head. His eyes were soft with sleep, and Steve grinned at the sight of the tangled mess atop of Bucky’s head. It was adorable.Bucky caught the look, and his eyes sharpened almost immediately. “What?” he asked.Steve shook his head and chuckled quietly. “Nothing.” When Bucky wrinkled his nose at the obvious lie, Steve couldn’t help but lean forward and press his lips against the bridge. He tasted like dust and dirt, and then Bucky tilted his head up so that their lips touched. Then all Steve could taste was the warm scent of Bucky. He melted into the kiss, pressing against Bucky’s body as they playfully fought for dominance over one another. His body sung, and Steve felt more alive and awake than before. He pressed his hands against the base of Bucky’s skull, tangling his fingers in his hair, and Bucky rubbed his clothed chest against Steve’s so that the rough fabric of his uniform created delicious friction against his nipples. Steve moaned quietly, and Bucky answered in kind.Steve finally pulled away when he ran out of breath, and his eyes blinked open. His cheeks were hot with lust, and Steve grinned at the state of his lover. Bucky’s hair was even more mussed than before, and his lips were slightly swollen from the long make-out session. Steve was sure he didn’t look much better.“Are you done?” Their heads swiveled at the noise where Natasha and Clint were still sitting at the cockpit. Natasha had a smirk on her face, and her arms were crossed against her chest. Clint had his hand covering his eyes.“Get a room!” he whined. “I don’t have any more brain power to process that.”“Shut up, Clint,” Nat said, elbowing Clint’s side. Clint yelped and fell sideways off his chair. “I, for one, love it.”Steve’s face was redder now, more out of embarrassment than the impromptu kissing session. On the other hand, Bucky leered. “Care to join us, Ms. Romanoff?”“No! Don’t you dare, Nat,” Clint said, popping his head out from behind his chair. He looked as if he was sucking on a lemon. If Steve wasn’t so embarrassed by Bucky’s lack of shame, he would have laughed. As it was, though, Steve could only redden further and bury his face in his hands.Nat was still smirking. “Tempting, but no. I think it would kill Clint. Otherwise I’d be happy – ““Nope! That’s not happening!” Steve burst out, dragging a laughing Bucky off the Quinjet. “Thank you so much for the ride! Get some rest. You guys earned it.”“Oh man,” Bucky sighed once his laughter died down. “Home sweet home.”“Indeed.” Their boots tread heavily against the landing pad, leaving dirt after every step. It was so good to be home.“Good evening Captain Rogers, Sergeant Barnes. Welcome home.”“Hi FRIDAY,” Steve said, and Bucky echoed the greeting. “Take us up to the penthouse please.”“As you wish sir.” The final pool of energy sapped away once Steve stepped into the elevator, and he sagged into Bucky. Bucky’s arms wrapped around his waist, wandering hands cupping his ass. Steve moaned when the hands squeezed the clothed flesh, and he couldn’t help but kiss Bucky again, happiness bursting within his chest.“I missed this,” Bucky growled into Steve’s mouth. He bit on Steve’s bottom lip playfully, and Steve gasped, letting Bucky’s tongue roam into his mouth. In retaliation, Steve ground his groin hard against Bucky’s.Steve replied, “You’re such a bastard.”“Never denied it.”The elevator slowed to a stop, and the doors opened. But as soon 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Hurt/Comfort
Porn with Feelings
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Dom/sub
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Tony Stark
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Knotting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

