Work Text:
Steve stepped off the quinjet and walked out over the landing deck into the Avengers Tower. The mission today was long and a bit brutal, but he was alive and mostly unharmed and there were minimal casualties, so he counted it as a win. Now, with adrenaline tapering off, he became aware of just how sore and sweaty and gross he felt. The prospect of taking a bath seemed practically heavenly. 
“Leaving so soon, Cap?” Tony called after him. Steve stopped and let his friend catch up with him before walking into the building together. “You coming to the party later?” 
Steve frowned. “What party?” he asked. 
“There’s a small get together happening later,” Tony replied. “You know, a celebration of the 10 year anniversary since the team got together. I sent you emails! Well, I didn’t”
Steve blinked and quickly did the math in his head as they entered the elevator. Sure enough, it was the 10 year anniversary of the Chitauri invasion and the Avengers officially became a team with a mission to keep the world safe. It hadn’t always been easy, but it Steve was satisfied with it. 
“Yeah, I forgot, honestly,” Steve said. “I’ll be there. What time is it?”
“Party starts at 9, so you have a few hours to get ready,” Tony said. “Let me know if you need anything.” 
Steve hesitated. “Do I need to wear a suit?” 
“Nah, it’s totally casual,” Tony said. “You mind if I give you some advice, though?” 
Steve sighed. “Sure, Tony.” 
“See if you can find someone,” Tony said. “You’ve been single for a long time. Doesn’t matter if it’s just for a romp in the hay or if it’s more or if you want them to tie you up and spank you—”
Steve blushed at that. The fact that he desperately wanted to spank someone, to shove them to their knees and make them submit until the only thing they could say was Steve's name, was none of Tony’s business. 
“—point is, you need to get out there,” Tony finished. “You deserve to find someone who makes you happy.” 
Steve cleared his throat and nodded. “Thanks, Tony,” he said. “I’ll give it a shot, I promise.” 
Tony clapped him on the back as the elevator stopped. “Good man. Speaking of significant others, my stop is here,” Tony said with a grin as he sauntered out of the elevator. “See you tonight!”
Surprisingly enough, Tony’s party actually turned out to be a small get together, by his standards. The highest public floor of the Tower milled with guests, but thankfully, there were no politicians or generals or diplomats present. It allowed Steve to relax and actually enjoy the party for once. He was dressed in a black button down with dark blue jeans and a silver tie. The sleeves were rolled up, exposing his forearms and he nursed a bottle of beer as he made his way around the room. 
Some people were celebrities. There were actors and musicians and sports figures and a few artists. Steve was courteous to all of them. There were also some scientists that Steve had never heard of, but those mostly congregated around Tony and Bruce. Most were friendly, but Steve couldn’t really form a connection with any of them. 
Eventually, he spotted someone he didn’t recognize from any tv he’d consumed in the last 10 years. He was a young man with a short, neat beard and long hair done up in a neat ponytail. He was slim, but fit and he looked a little lost amidst the see of stardom and fame that was Tony’s "get together."
“Hi,” he said. 
The man turned towards him and his eyes widened as he recognized who Steve was. Up close, he was pretty. No, pretty didn’t do him justice. This man was gorgeous. His icy blue eyes were piercing and bright, his hands were beautiful and big, with long, slender fingers, his mouth was a perfect cupid’s bow, and he was shorter than Steve by a few inches. 
“H-Hello, Captain, I mean, Steve, I mean… sir,” Bucky said with a bit of a clumsy salute. Steve chuckled and debated briefly letting him go on before he decided to put the poor kid out of his misery. 
“It’s okay, Steve is fine, really,” Steve replied. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to ambush you, you just looked a bit… overwhelmed.” 
The man relaxed marginally and Steve extended a hand. He took it. “Bucky Barnes.” 
“Nice to meet you Bucky,” Steve said with a friendly smile. “Pardon me for saying so, but you seem a little out of place for the rest of the crowd.” 
“Oh, yeah, I guess it feels like that, too,” Bucky said. “I think I saw Beyoncé talking to Thor and I panicked a bit.” 
“Not what you were expecting, either?” Steve asked with a sympathetic smile. 
“Not at all,” Bucky said. “I was informed that this was going to be a company party.” 
Steve studied him for a moment. “You work for Tony?” 
“Yeah, I mean, way, way down the food chain, but yeah,” Bucky replied. “I’m just an intern.” 
Steve smiled in real, genuine interest. “Really? You're in college?” 
Bucky shook his head. “I graduated last year, but I managed to land this internship here and it’s been pretty amazing so far.” 
“I’ve heard they don’t get paid,” Steve said cautiously. “We didn’t have 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Porn With Plot
Kink Negotiation
Party
Daddy Kink
Virgin Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Daddy Steve
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Light Bondage
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Possessive Steve Rogers
Praise Kink
Humiliation
Name-Calling
Degredation Kink
Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Come Marking
Come Eating
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Virginity Kink
Coming Untouched
BDSM
Dom/sub
Strength Kink
Size Kink
Size Difference
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Hair-pulling
Marking
Dirty Talk
Orgasm Control
Safewords
Aftercare
Strangers to Lovers
First Meetings
Overstimulation
Age Difference
Steve is 35
Bucky is 24
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

