Chapter 1: The First Time: Bruce
    


Summary:

"Oh, really? You spend one-on-one lab time with an intern, something you won't even do with some of your highest employees, you have him picked up from school, and stock your fridge with his favorite snacks?"





Chapter Text






The First Time: Bruce

After 8 ½ excruciating hours of school at Midtown High, the dismissal bell finally rang. Peter, like usual, bolted out of the school's front doors, almost tripping down the stairs on his way out. He threw open the door and slid into the passenger seat, completely out of breath. He had been waiting for this moment all week and he refused to hold out for another second.
"C'mon Happy! We gotta go!" Peter practically yelled at the driver.
"Woah kid, you have to slow down and stop doing that. Last time, I thought you were being chased by an evil goon or something." Happy complained to him.
"Sorry…" He smiled sheepishly. "Mr. Stark told me he had a new idea for how to make my web shooters hold more fluid, while still maintaining the potential energy to reach maximum height. This is going to be so great… especially because I also may have exploded my most recent batch of fluid. I was making it in the chemistry lab and got a little distracted."
Happy rolled his eyes and didn't even bother to reply. After a few minutes, Peter broke the silence by asking, "Aren't all goons evil?"
Happy gave him an incredulous look, replying, "What?"
"You know… you said last time I politely asked you to leave the parking lot," Happy snorted and Peter grinned, "you said you thought I was being chased by an evil goon, so I was wondering, aren't all goon's evil?" Happy replied with an exasperated sigh and didn't even bother to respond.
After about an hour, they finally arrived at the compound. It was a long stress-inducing drive that involved Peter tapping his foot impatiently and trying, to no avail, to get some of his homework done. He couldn't focus when working with Tony in the lab was so close to happening. He still hadn't gotten over the fact that the billionaire that Peter had admired his whole life had opened his lab to Peter so they could work on his suit together.
He practically sprinted inside, and Happy followed him, failing to hide a smile. With each passing second, he became even more restless. He had been to the compound and Tony's lab a few times already, but he still hadn't gotten over the excitement of this being a regular thing.
Despite how much it probably irritated Happy, Peter bounced up and down the entire elevator ride down to the labs. Tony had just finished his last weld on a boot to a new Iron Man suit, right as Peter burst through the doors, already chatting about his ideas for their project.
Realizing he had just caused a huge commotion, Peter blushed profusely and immediately stopped talking. He backtracked and attempted to lean on the door frame nonchalantly. "Uh, hey Mr. Stark. What's up?"
Tony grinned and asked him, "Excited to work on the new formula and shooters?"
Peter beamed as he replied, "So ready!" and took a seat next to him.
They worked for a couple of hours, finally close to perfecting it, when an audible grumble was heard.
"You hungry, kid?" Tony smirked.
"Sorry." Peter responded, sheepishly.
"It's no problem. FRIDAY, remind me to tell Happy to pick the kid up a sandwich or something on the way over next time?" Tony asked his AI, talking to the ceiling.
"It's not a big deal Mr. Stark, I can just-." He was cut off by Tony shaking his head and refusing to let Peter finish.
"Anyway, that won't help us now, so why don't you head upstairs and grab something from the fridge. I know last time you were here you said you liked Pepsi better than Coke, so despite the physical pain it caused me, I ordered some of that too. There are a couple cans of that in the fridge if you want one." The billionaire threw out casually.
Peter smiled shyly, saying, "You didn't have to do that, Mr. Stark. But thank you." He pushed himself away from the desk and stood up, heading to the stairs.
Not even a minute after Peter left, Bruce wandered in. "So, who was that? Did all your playboy years finally catch up to you? Knock up a girl, and fifteen years later he shows up?" Bruce asked teasingly.
"Nah, he's just… an intern." Tony denies, obviously unable to reveal his identity as the arachnid vigilante.
"Oh, really? You spend one-on-one lab time with an intern, something you won't even do with some of your highest employees, you have him picked up from school, and stock your fridge with his favorite snacks? Not to mention he acts exactly like you. Come on, Tony."
Before the older man could reply, Peter returned carrying a plate with a sandwich and some chips, along with a Pepsi. "Ready to finish up? May will be worried if I'm not home in two hours or so." He turns around to put the food on the table, not noticing Bruce standing there.
"Just an intern." Tony finished, smiling.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

