Work Text:
The surprise Tony felt when he opened his front door to a vaguely familiar woman, from a night about 8 months prior, shoving a small bundle of blankets into his arms before running off was unprecedented. He spluttered and stuttered, holding the bundle of blankets awkwardly. Keeping it far away from his chest while he stared at it with a crazed look in his eyes. What the hell? “Wha-What?” He eventually muttered confusedly, reverting his gaze into quick glances between the bundle he was holding and the retreating woman rushing across his front lawn.“I believe it is a baby, sir,” JARVIS responded coolly from inside the house, snapping the man out of his indignant stupor. “Yeah-yeah, but why?” He questioned stupidly, reluctantly stepping back into the house, closing the door slowly as if in hopes the woman would change her mind and turn back to whisk away the terrifying responsibility. “Well, if circumstances serve the situation correctly, I do believe Ms. Fitzpatrick left you in care of her child because you are it's father.”“Not possible,” Tony argues firmly, staring down angrily at the tight bundle. “I always use protection.”“Of course, sir. Whatever was I thinking. All forms of protection have been legitimately proven to have a 100% success rate at every use. How could I forget,” JARVIS responded sarcastically.Tony, not in the mood to argue with his stupidly snarky AI, simply took the jab and continued into his home with a slight wobble to his step. Neither said a word as Tony slowly found his way back in his living room, peeling away at the layers of blanket cautiously to reveal what lay underneath. He panicked when the bundle started to move. He jolted back from the surprise when he heard a noise. There was snuffling and whining, and Tony's eyes widened to the size of saucers as he stared down at the small baby. The smallest he had ever seen. The eyes weren’t open, it was still all wrinkly, and it’s movements were odd and mechanical as his tiny limbs flopped around in short spurts of movement with no discernible means of purpose. It was -  it was creepily fascinating to watch.“Wha-what's it doing?”“Its moving, sir,” JARVIS answered bluntly.“Okay-okay, I can do this,” he muttered. He could do this… right?***It had barely even been two days, and he was already failing. Miserably so, might he add.“Why is he screaming?!” Tony shouted over the loud wails emitting from the tiny, tiny child. He bounced the red-faced, wrinkly baby in his arms as he paced back and forth in front of his coffee table. The kid's gummy mouth was stretched as far open as it could to make sure he could muster the maximum volume as he released his ear-splitting screams. He’d been doing it for almost an entire hour, and Tony didn’t have any idea as to what he had done wrong...“Has he been fed?” JARVIS questioned.“Yeah, right before he started screaming.”“Did you burp him?”“Yeah,” he whined petulantly, bouncing just a little more desperately.“Is his diaper dirty?”Tony paused in disgust and stared down at the lump hiding an oversized diaper. He grimaced, but pulled at the waistband of the child’s pants to check anyway.“No, it’s clean.” He answered curtly. “Call Pepper. I need help.”It took a couple seconds, but JARVIS eventually answered. “Miss. Potts could not be reached.”“Call Happy.”“Mr. Hogan could not be reached.”“Rhodey! Call Rhodey!” Tony pleaded desperately, becoming increasingly more frantic as his options quickly dissipated. What if there was something seriously wrong with his newborn child? Is it possible that he could have really screwed up so badly so quickly??? He needed someone. Someone that could be trusted with precious, fragile things, because apparently he was not that person, despite the small reassurances he had been showering himself with since his son had come into his care two nights ago. He couldn’t do this by himself...“Colonel Rhodes could not be reached.”“Oh god,” Tony whined, almost crying out of his pure unadulterated fear and frustration while his son continued to wail loudly in his arms. The bouncing wasn’t working… Isn’t that what you were supposed to do? “What do I do? What do I do? JARVIS tell me what I have to do.”The silence he received was almost deafening. He needed help. He couldn’t do this on his own anymore… why did he think he could do this?? Oh God...“I have found a common practice performed with newborn premature infants which yields significantly positive effects, if you would like to try?”“Yes, yes, yes! What is it? Do I need to call the hospital? Is he sick?” Tony questioned frantically, dropping his gaze hurriedly to the very, very newborn child. Geez, maybe he did need to go to the hospital. Babies probably weren’t supposed to be this small.“That will not be necessary sir. I will talk you through the procedure. First, you must remove the child's clothing, but I'd advise leaving the diaper.”Tony's eyebrows raised suspiciously, but he busied himself with removing the infants clothes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent-Child Relationship
Parent Tony Stark
Soft Tony Stark
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Clingy Peter Parker
Codependency
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Family Fluff
Kangaroo Care
Baby Peter Parker
Fluff
Platonic Cuddling
Light Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

