Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It always began like this.Always - as in he didn't plan for it to happen at all.But here he is, in the basement of one of his multiple secret properties around New-York, with a woman tied to a chair in front of him.He never planned to go out that night, to get sidetracked and exasperated, never planned to get so angry he had to turn into a dark alleyway where he hoped he would find a drunk or some other poor soul wandering and force them to meet their creator. He never planned it - true - but he expected it. He expected it every minute of every day, waited for somebody to play with his temper, to pull the strings that represented his nerves so harshly he had to restrain himself, both mentally and physically, not to do something he would regret later.Why did they always have to make him angry?
Why?
It would be easier for everyone if they just left him to his own devices and didn't bother him with their casual talks and emotions that threatened to give him hives or worse - make him care.Why didn't they understand? The urge to kill he was subjected to wasn’t some kind of joke or a stupid inconvenience he could brush under the carpet and forget about. He had to kill, it was a necessity, like food and water. It’s easy to say he should, or must stop, but it’s easy to say and hard to do, it's like telling a drug addict to just stop, which, of course, wouldn't work in the slightest. He can't just not do it. Not killing was agony. When the dreaded want appeared, every day that Tony ignored it he gave a piece of himself, of his sanity, away. And this game of 'How long can you last?' will go on until every cell in his body is trembling with pain, to the point he feels like the universe is trying to tear him into particles.Ignoring the urge isn’t a joke, because he knows what it ends with, and said end isn’t pretty. It will go on until his head is filled with static, until he can't make conscious, rational decisions, until he isn't able to work, talk, act. No love. No boundaries. No consequences. Nothing. Just Tony, some poor soul that decided to smile at him, a long knife, and animal instincts on which Tony was acting. He won't remember doing it, won't remember slaughtering his victim, hitting them with a knife so much that they resemble a pile of market meat more than a person. He won't remember how the blood appeared on his clothes, or how a disfigured body suddenly appeared in his bathtub. He will wake up leaning to a wall, his hands red, his suit red, the bathroom red, everything red, but the most important part is that he'll wake up feeling good. Satisfied. As if the world was whole again. Tony knew that ignoring the urge brought a spell of temporary insanity upon him, one that he couldn’t control in any way. During that spell he might just hurt someone he actually didn't want to hurt.So yes.He didn't plan it.But he expected it.And so, while walking back from work (it was night. Tony actually hoped someone would try to mug him), he went into that alleyway, looking at the trash cans scattered around and searched for someone, like a predator. Tony hoped he would find a homeless person somewhere behind the cans and be done with it faster than he intended to (Yes, homeless people were like that to him, Tony actually called that type of killing a quickie.) but all he found were rats and stray cats that squeaked and ran away as soon as they saw him. Tony went in farther and was beginning to lose hope and go find some slut when he heard it.A quiet shuffling coming from the farthest corner of the alleyway.'Jackpot' was the first thought that sprang to the manical billionaire’s brain, who, already on his wits end, was practically shivering from the want, the urge, the desire to have his hands digging into someone's tender flesh, or having the knife in his pocket lunged deep in the person's torso, or chest, or neck, God let it be the neck. There's always more blood visible on the person - on him -when the knife hits the neck. But he wasn’t picky, he would take what he would get.It always irked Tony that he had to get a shower after killing: with all the blood stuck on him. But he didn't feel disgusted by it, he actually enjoyed it quite much. He liked how it was warm at first, then it would get cold and sticky an eventually dry on his skin or clothes. He liked the way his skin tingled and stretched under the cover of the scarlet liquid, as if it wasn't blood, but motor oil, the one Tony used so often while building his machines or giving his bots a tune up. It reminds him of work, of home. Blood isn't disgusting, it's comforting.Well...At least to him.But he, unfortunately, has to shower, because it wouldn't look good if someone caught him sitting in his penthouse or trying to sneak into his office covered in blood that wasn't actually his.Tony walked along the cobbled ground that made his feet hurt, trying to be as quiet as possible. It was always better this way, he can cover the mouth of his v
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark
Poor Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
kind of
Tony Stark Has Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
The Author Regrets Nothing
Serial Killer Tony Stark
insane tony stark
Psychopath Tony Stark
basically Tony is Peter’s murder mentor
Dark
Choking
Violence
Torture
Blood
Tony Stark-centric
Peter Parker-centric
Villain Tony Stark
Evil Tony Stark
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Doesn’t Have a Heart
or does he?
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
AU
Spideychelle
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Dark fic
Darkfic
Serial Killers
Alternate Universe - Serial Killers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

