Chapter 1: headfirst
    




Chapter Text


Barnes, 107th Infantry 32557038. 


That’s the most that Barnes can get his internal recognition to identify himself as, the most of the identity that Steve Rogers wants him to have that Barnes can absorb. He is just Barnes now, not James Buchanan, not Bucky, just Barnes. He’s walking away from Princess Shuri now, his first 21st century friend. He’s completely unwilling to call Sam Wilson his friend, with a different but similar sentiment for King T’Challa. Barnes is not meant to have friendships with kings, and he thinks that that might be a piece of New Yorker from the 1930’s in him, but he doesn’t know. He doesn’t remember. He doesn’t always want to. 

Princess Shuri has given him enough to leave with, a way out. She developed the software that took the triggers out of his mind, designed him an arm but didn’t attach it, simply because he doesn’t want it. He trusts Shuri, trusts Wakanda, trusts a grand majority of the people he has met in this giving country, but. There’s a hesitation there. He was not allowed to read files, not allowed to know them, not allowed to find out anything more than a casual visitor, so far and few between as those were. He does not want the chance to be made a weapon of again, and he trusts Princess Shuri with his life, but perhaps not with his future. It is not kind, but it is what he is. 

Steve Rogers does not know that Barnes is leaving. Steve Rogers doesn’t even know that Barnes is awake, functioning and walking around, let alone able to leave under his own regard. The cryogenic tubes in Wakanda are not see-through like Hydra tubes, and it is easy for Princess Shuri to fool Rogers into believing that Barnes is still in one of them. 

Madame Okoye, who does not like to be called Madame in the slightest, has taught Barnes how to pilot one of the Wakandan ships. It’s a game of kinetics rather than logic, and Barnes likes it much more than classic, Western flying mechanics. Barnes leaves in the dead of night, not because he is worried of Rogers seeing him through the one way glass that is used on all Wakandan ships, but rather because he has found himself more comfortable in shadow. He wonders, idly, how uncomfortable that would make Rogers, but he finds that he doesn’t much care. Rogers is not his problem. 

Princess Shuri stands on her toes to press a kiss to his cheek, patting his face once. She has treated him like a mix between a cat, an older brother, and a very strange friend during his stay. He has come to adore her in the place of the three sisters that stand foggy in his memory, though the parts of him that are shaped like the Bucky of Rogers’s memory ache for them. The princess puts a hand on his shoulder and then steps back from him, wiping her hands down her skirt like she had never admitted to such affection. 

“Well, White Wolf. Now you leave me. I get used to you, colonizer, and now you’re off with the wind! I should have expected this,” Princess Shuri scolds. He can see the teasing smile trying to work it’s way onto her face, but he puts his hands up in defense anyway. 

“Princess -” he starts, but she rolls her eyes. 

“You know I am joking, white boy. Go find yourself, or whatever it is the kids are doing these days,” she says, as if she is not much more child than he is, as if he is a younger brother to her rather than the man who had been tag teaming with her older brother in carrying her around and throwing things at her as she invented. He crosses his arms over his chest, a Wakandan salute, before kissing her forehead. 

“Wakanda forever, princess. Be well,” he says as he leaves her, unforgiving of the way his chest aches. He will forget to miss her soon, or they will meet again; these are how things work in his life. He does not know how to miss his mother nor his father, barely knows how to miss the sister shaped holes in his life, barely remembers Steve’s mother or the people who lived on their block. He remembers Steve Rogers in vivid color, but it’s different from what Rogers expects as well; they are just memories. They are recordings, movies that Barnes can watch when he’s bored or when they come to him, but they are not something that belongs to Barnes. 

Most of Bucky Barnes died when he fell of the train. 

It feels like a life that was once lived by this body, but perhaps not by Barnes. He considers it as he climbs into the ship, immediately walking over to the operation plate. Engaging the plane is actually easier than most Western ships, not needing so much personal adjustment as it adjusts to Barnes instead. He has to stand to operate the ship, but Barnes is used to standing. He would stand for days sometimes on missions, the serum constantly repairing the wear it would leave on his bones and joints without a complaint. He doesn’t know immediately where he’s going, but there are only so many places to go. 

So, he goes, theoretically home. To Barnes, that might be Moscow, that might be St Petersbu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Jessica Jones
Matt Murdock & Harley Keener
Shuri & Harley Keener
Shuri & Peter Parker
Scott Lang/Sam Wilson
Pietro Maximoff/Loki Laufeyson
Bruce Banner/Thor Odinson
Michelle Jones/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Shuri

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Long Haul Ship
not team Cap friendly
Lone Ranger Bucky Barnes
recovering Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Brief suicidal ideation
Protective Tony Stark
Stark Tower
Wakanda (Marvel)
Wakandan Technology
A Finding Yourself Story
Domestic Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes loves science
Malibu
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective FRIDAY
everyone is protective
Cooking
Height difference
Mild panic
Panic Attacks
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
The Bots
Soft Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Irondad
Tony Stark as a Father Figure for Peter Parker
Tony Stark as a Father Figure for Harley Keener
ironfam
Harley Keener's Attitude
Pescetarian Harley Keener
Pescetarianism
Intimacy Starved Bucky Barnes
Exasperated Harley Keener
UST
Trans Harley Keener
Trans Character
Trans Male Character
Bucky goes by James
Bucky Barnes as Father Figure for Harley Keener
Competitive Harley Keener
Competitive Tony Stark
Soft Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Playing Monopoly
Domestic Fluff
Domestic
Domesticity
Insecure Harley Keener
comforting bucky barnes
holiday celebrations
Christmas
Yule
Hanukkah
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Peter Parker Feels
Harley Keener Feels
Dad Bucky Barnes
Rom-Coms
Romantic Comedies
Nightmares
Full Sap
Light Angst
Just so fucking sappy tho
Therapy
PTSD
ADHD
Hyperfixations
Actually Talking About Your Problems
The Boys Go To Therapy
Loom Knitting
Motorcycle Bucky Barnes
Interruptus?
Return of the Wakandans
Knitting
Return of the Rogues
The Dora Milaje - Freeform
BAMF Dora Milaje
Anxiety
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
Friday Says a Bad Word
and we love her
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Protective Peter Parker
Homesickness
Crochet
God the Domestic Fluff
ticks
Physical Ticks
Protective Harley Keener
Being Purposefully Off-putting
Familial PDA
Brooklyn 99 References
Les Mis References
Italian
Italian Tony Stark
Italian Peter Parker
angry harley keener
Protective Jessica Jones
Protective Matt Murdock
One Punch Knockout
possessive thoughts
Fighting
Violence
blood mention
Jessica Jones Kicks the Shit Out of Clint Barton
physical affection
hella fluff
Self Hate Mentions
Bickering
Banter
Snark
Companionable Snark
Cuddling
First Kiss
WE’RE FINALLY THERE BITCHES
the slowest burn
PDA
really mild sexual content
like definitely not something one can count as smut
but it’s still sexual in nature
flirtation
discussion of nudity
Yelling
Steve Rogers Redemption Arc
Discussion of past Stucky and Stony
Declarations Of Love
Steve Rogers Redemption Two: Electric Boogaloo
Tastes Like Resolution
Clint Barton Redemption
Natasha Romanoff Redemption
Wanda Maximoff Redemption
Pietro Maximoff Resurrection
Love and Appreciation of Michelle Jones

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Jessica Jones
Matt Murdock & Harley Keener
Shuri & Harley Keener
Shuri & Peter Parker
Scott Lang/Sam Wilson
Pietro Maximoff/Loki Laufeyson
Bruce Banner/Thor Odinson
Michelle Jones/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Shuri

