Work Text:
Thor stared incredulously as the mortal fumbled with something small and metal, pointing it at him.  “You dare threaten Thor with such a puny weapon – “ his words were cut off an instant before the mortal used said weapon as he felt a telltale burning sensation on his right side.Precisely where his sálknútr rested.He had a fraction of a second to stare at the girl in shock before she rendered him unconscious.It was not the most auspicious of beginnings.---Homeless-but-cut kept staring at her and it was freaking her out.They’d ended up at the diner, getting pancakes (Darcy was reluctantly impressed at how much the guy had managed to put away) while Jane attempted to question him about the wormhole – sorry, Bifrost - and he…deflected her like a pro.“I like this beverage,” he said, downing his drink.“Yeah,” Darcy agreed, because if he recognized the nectar of existence for what it was then he couldn’t be too crazy, right?  “Coffee’s pretty great, right?  We can get you a refill if you want.”“Please,” he said, with a slight smile and a bow of his head.  It felt oddly deferential.“Right, I’m gonna go grab the waitress, you guys, ah, sit tight.”---Darcy was waiting impatiently for Dr. Selvig to get back with Thor.  Not because she was worried about him – she barely knew him! – but because she wanted to know how well her hacking stood up against the Men In Black.  Yeah.  That was the only reason.“I’m sure it’s fine.  They’re fine, they’ll be okay.”Jane’s nervous fretting and pacing was not helping Darcy keep her calm, either.  Plus, she couldn’t help but feel…  “You shouldn’t have driven him out to that satellite thingy,” Darcy muttered.  “I mean, best case scenario: he is what he says he is and he gets his power back and all, and then what’s to keep him from going back home?  Worst case scenario, they throw him in a hole in some place they keep troublesome maybe-aliens and confiscated iPods.  Either way, I - we - never see him again.”Jane stared at her.“Maybe Erik, too,” she couldn’t help but add, a touch meanly.“Are you okay?” Jane asked carefully.“Fine!  Yes!  No…I don’t know.  I’m kind of worried?  About Thor?”  Darcy slumped down in her seat, turning away from her vigil at the window to look at Jane, “He’s… I don’t know, he does this – and it’s weird because I...” she made a vague hand gesture, “You know?”“Yeah, no, I speak fluent science, but I’m only passable in Darcyisms.”She shot her a wry look, “Thanks, boss.  I just mean…I don’t know what I mean.”“Well, that’s clear.  He was sort of giving you the eye, did it – does he make you uncomfortable?” Jane asked, suddenly worried.  “Wait, he didn’t say – or do anything…hinky, did he?  Oh god, Darcy, I’m so sorry, I was so caught up – ““Whoa, whoa, doc!  No, nothing like that!  And ‘hinky,’ really?  Been watching Scooby Doo?  No, he just…ugh.  Okay, have you ever looked at my soulmark?  I mean, I know you’ve seen it when I’ve worn short sleeves, but have you ever really looked at it?”“Wait, that thing around your arm is you soulmark?  I thought it was a tattoo!”“Nope,” Darcy said, popping the ‘p’ dramatically, “it’s my soulmark.”“What language is it?  I mean, you brought it up…”“See, that’s the thing, doc, nobody I’ve gone to knows what language it is.  Nearest I got was with some old Norse stuff from a mythology class, and even that is just guesswork from the squiggles sort of…squigging in vaguely similar ways.”“So that’s why you recognized Thor and Mjolnir!”“Eh, kind of.”“So, what you think Thor might be your soulmate?” Jane stopped abruptly, “Actually, that would almost make sense.  Has he mentioned soulmarks to you?  Did you show him your mark?  Did you see one on him?  I mean when he, ah…”“Did the hot walk?  He had a cool-looking blue-and-gold knot tattoo, but no lettering.”“Maybe it’s,” Jane made a vague gesture downwards.“Maybe, but I guess I can’t help but hope that, if he’s telling the truth, he’ll at least recognize the language?  I mean, vaguely Norse, right?  He’s gotta know something.”“What if he’s telling the truth, and he’s your soulmate, Darcy?” Jane asked.“…you mean, what if my soulmate is a god?  I’ve got a stack of mythology books back home that says that never ends well, so, I don’t know.  But hey, how likely is it, really?”---Okay, so he was a god…Who had just storm-blasted a giant metal robot thing to death…After it nearly killed him in front of her.Darcy was very quietly hyperventilating when Thor finally walked up to her.  “Lady Darcy?” he said, concern in his bright - Jesus, were they always that bright? - blue eyes.  “Are you well?”“Am I well?!  HOW ARE YOU NOT DEAD?!” she nearly shrieked at him, then promptly burst into tears because it had been a weird day, goddamnit.  And, shit, could she even say that anymore?  Was she actually damning a god when she said that?  Because –She abruptly found herself enfolded in Thor’s strong arms, pressed up against his cold – but surprisingly giving – armor while he made nonsense sounds int
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
An AU of an AU
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

