Chapter 1: Kicked Out
    




Chapter Text
The time was nearer to 2am when Peter finally crawled through the window in his bedroom. He used the light on his bedside table, conveniently on like he’d planned several hours ago, to manoeuvre around his room, making quick work to slide the Spider-Man suit off his body. Peter had just finished pulling his pyjama top on when his bedroom door suddenly creaked open. Unlike he would’ve several months ago, Peter didn’t tense when he saw May. Her eyes were narrowed slightly and her jaw was set but there was something tired about her expression. She looked exhausted and Peter knew he was the cause of it.“It’s almost 2 in the morning, Peter.” May didn’t sound angry, instead adopting an emotionless, lethargic tone. She didn’t give him the tongue lashing she normally would’ve a few months ago, before she’d discovered his vigilante alter-ego and thought his late night sneaking-out was to meet friends or a possible girlfriend. After the events of what Peter dubbed the ‘Homecoming fiasco’ several things came out of it: one, Peter turned down being Avenger; two, he was instead invited by Mr Stark personally to hang out several times a week to work in his private lab; three, he was trained by the recently pardoned Rogue Avengers (who still didn’t know his true identity thinking Mr Stark’s intern was separate to the crime fighting spiderling). And finally, the worst outcome: May had found out.Looking back on it, May’s discovery of the truth was entirely his fault. He should’ve been more careful trying the suit on when she had stumbled into his room, finding her nephew dressed in a million dollar super suit. After the initial shock had worn off, there had been a lot of yelling— all on May’s side. She’d screamed bloody murder about Peter risking his life and ‘what the hell are you doing fighting criminals you’re 15 years old for crying out loud’. Peter had cried out the same thing he’d told Mr Stark before Germany, telling her that he had the power to stop the bad things — that made him responsible then if he didn’t, right?He’d hoped she would’ve understood. She hadn’t. “Really?” May raised an eyebrow, her face pulling into a frown now. “You have nothing to say?”“I was just . . . out.” Peter replied, lamely. To say things had been tense the last few months since May had found out was an understatement. Peter was lucky if they could even hold a conversation for more than 10 minutes before the arguing broke out.“Figures,” May scoffed, her face going pale. She paused for a second, trying to collect herself. “And are you injured?”Peter thought about telling her about the bruising on his ribs from when some drunk had attacked him but decided against it; it would be gone by tomorrow. “No.”May nodded once, her expression stern. “You have school tomorrow, you know that right?”“Yeah May, i’m just going to bed now.”“It’s like you don’t even care about your education!” She suddenly exclaimed, her voice rising and the anger she’d been trying so hard to smother bursting out.Peter was used to her outburst now— he was lucky if they made it 2 days before she blew up about something: she yelled about Peter’s future, college, education, hobbies, friends . . . in May’s opinion, Spider-Man was hindering Peter’s life more than helping it. She saw Spider-Man as the bad guy holding him back and ruining his chance of normality. Because that was all May wanted: normal.Peter believed that all chance of being normal went out the window when that spider bit him.“Of course i care May!” Peter challenged her. God, he was so tired; why couldn’t she yell at him tomorrow? “Well, that’s funny considering you purposely stayed out late when you have school tomorrow!” “I’ll be fine, i’ve gone to school on much less sleep.”“Is that meant to make me feel better?” May’s voice was hysterical now. “It’s fine because you’ve done worse? This little . . . act you have going on should be over before midnight, Peter!”“May, being Spider-Man is important-““And your education isn’t?”“It is but-““I can’t do this anymore.”The words pierced through Peter like a white hot knife, digging deep into his heart and twisting around until he let out a strangled noise. There was defeat in May’s eyes and Peter could feel a sickening feeling blossom in his stomach. “W-what?”“I’ve tried for months to become okay with . . . this” she gestured to the suit still laying on the floor where Peter had wiggled out of it. Tears grew in her eyes and her voice wobbled slightly. “I’ve tried so hard, Peter! But i can’t keep going through each day wondering if you’re going to come home bleeding out or if you even come home at all! You keep saying Spider-Man is a hero and that you’re doing good but all i see is a child out there risking his life and not even caring!” “May—“ “No Peter! I’m done. I am. I can’t take any more of this utter bullshit! Leave the heroism to the Avengers and the Avengers only.”“You know i can’t do that,” Peter whispered.“The way i see 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Homeless Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Dark May Parker (Spider-Man)
5 + 1 Things
5 Things
Running Away
Arguing
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Underage Drinking
Underage Drug Use
Pls Dont Do Drugs
Party
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Angst
Swearing
Bad Cindy
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Domestic Violence
Minor Violence
Verbal Abuse
Field Trip
Identity Reveal
Social Media
Adoption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

