Work Text:
Soulmates, soul marks, and all the rest of that business were never things that Clint Barton worried about. He had more pressing issues on his mind: namely, survival. For the first few years of his life, it was about surviving the violence of the home of his birth; once that danger was past, it was about surviving the violence and treachery of what passed for a foster care system in Iowa.
It was in the orphanage that soul marks were first really brought to his attention. He'd seen the one on Barney's stomach - it read, Hi Barney, I'm Joanne - but he'd never really thought anything of it, because it had always been there. It wasn't until one of the other boys discovered that he'd gotten a soul mark in the night that Clint really gave the matter any thought.
The boy in question was Jake Warren. He slept on the bunk above Clint, who was nine at the time. His whoops of excitement woke the whole room on the morning it happened, and he bounced out of bed, nearly falling down the ladder in his haste. “Look, everybody!” he shouted. “Look!” And he whipped his shirt off, showing off his skinny right arm. Beginning at the shoulder and running all the way down to Jake's hand were the words Oh gosh, I'm so sorry! Did I hurt you? I'm such a klutz!
There had been a great deal of back slapping and congratulations, high fiving and exclamations of glee. Clint had waited until everything died down to ask Jake about it.
Jake blinked at him. “Gosh, don't you know anything?”
Clint shrugged. “Not really,” he admitted. “So what is it?”
“It's a soul mark,” Jake explained. “It tells you the first words your soul mate's ever gonna say to you. So that's how you know when you found 'em.”
Clint blinked. “Oh,” he said softly. “Barney's got one on his stomach.”
“Yeah, I seen it. Lucky guy, it even tells him what her name's gonna be.”
“He's always had it, though,” Clint said. “How come you just got yours?”
And Jake got kind of a goofy grin on his face. “Means she was just born last night,” he explained. “When your soul mate gets born, you get their words.”
“So what about her?” Clint asked. “When does she get hers?”
“Oh, she's born with 'em,” Jake said. “That's how it works.”
“Huh.” Clint sat for a moment, absorbing the information. Then he nodded. “Cool. Hey, congrats?”
And Jake's goofy grin got even broader. “Thanks, man,” he said. He rubbed at his arm. “Man, I can't wait to meet her. You know? Somebody that'll love you forever, no matter what? That's gotta be just, like, the best thing ever.”
“Yeah,” Clint murmured, looking down at his own blank arms. “I bet.”
After that incident, Clint started noticing people's soul marks - the ones that were visible, anyway. He and Barney talked, sometimes, about Joanne - what she might be like, how Barney thought he might meet her - but once they left the orphanage and joined up with the circus, Barney didn't want to talk so much about Joanne any more, and so Clint left the subject alone.
Instead, he talked to other people. He talked to the strongman about how he'd met the fortune teller; he talked to the acrobats about how they'd gotten together. He talked to the lion tamer, once, about a handsome young Marine who'd died in Vietnam. He came to learn how the marks worked; in addition to what Jake had told him, he learned that sometimes people could have more than one soul mark, and therefore more than one soul mate; he learned that the death of a soul mate caused the mark to fade into outlines.
He learned from one of the contortionists that finding one's soul mate didn't always lead to happily-ever-after; she told him about her soul mark, showing him the elegant Cyrillic script wrapped around her ankle, and about the man who'd spoken those words to her when she was still a teenager in Lithuania. He'd been abusive, she explained, and after a few years of trying desperately to achieve the happy ending all the stories promised, she'd escaped on a stolen railway pass.
He learned from the contortionist's husband, whose soul mate had died before they met, that it was possible to find love without the mark. He learned from a couple of the roustabouts that it was possible to have a platonic soul mate.
And on a sunny afternoon in June when he was fifteen years old, he learned that his own soulmate's first words to him would be Oh, it's you. I've been waiting for you forever.
***
Some girls got romantic soul marks. Some of them got silly ones. Most got bland ones - hello or some other form of introductory phrase. Only Darcy, weird and freaky Darcy with her huge glasses and frizzy hair and braces, only Darcy would ever have Yes, it's me. Please don't shoot me.
She spent most of her life being made fun of for those words, which had been printed on her spine since the day she was born. Like they were something she could help. If she could have taken them off, she would have, but everyone knew that there was no way to remove a soul mark. So she gritted her teeth and she kept a shirt on at all times and sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
TaserHawk - Freeform

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

