Chapter 1: The Cardinal
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



 
Under any other circumstance Tony’s exploits would have led him to a solution that meant  not making the call  he was moments away from executing. At this point however, sleepless nights, fatigue, nightmares and exhaustion gave way to desperation and Tony was finding everything but a reason to turn away from this one explication for such a major, overarching problem.
To say that the engineer hadn’t been scarred from  the decimation  of half an entire universe would be an understatement.
Although the fine pieces that were once set astray from a shattered universe were slowly becoming whole once again. That didn’t necessarily detract from the emotional, unquantifiable toll that had been taken to begin with.
Tony had already been a damaged man, destroyed and made whole several times over. There was only a finite shrivel of sanity left within him and even that was tested and chipped away at on a daily basis as threats of a greater power - greater than Thanos himself - haunted like lingering apparitions on the mind during the day, and clawed at his being in the form of nightmares during  now  sleepless hours.
He’d seen several shrinks, consolidated with friends and family but with everything compiled  - it proved no use to settle an overactive, restless mind.
Part of his vexations circumvented the ultimate loss and redemption of fallen comrades. To see half the entire known and unknown universe wiped away with the literal snap of the fingers left one shaken to their core.
The loss of one so young, Peter, the threat of losing his loved one, Pepper, and ultimately at the time even comrades, Quill, Rhodey… and Strange.
And who knew better what Tony would have been going through than the good Doctor himself? Which was why Tony was about to do something he wouldn’t have expected.
Driven to the nth degree of his very own lucidity he pulled up his contacts and dialed up one Stephen Strange in hopes to set himself on the path to recovery.
He needed a consultation, both professionally and unprofessionally his pride be damned.
Tony’s stomach almost jumped out of his chest as Stephen answered the phone after a few dormant rings.
One, he imagined it went off, two, he imagined Stephen fumbling for the phone, three - still fumbling and on the fourth he’d answered.
Tony was relieved yet anxious when he did pick up.
"Good afternoon, Stark." The voice on the other end was as cool and casual as ever when the doctor answered. It sounded as though Stephen was in good spirits, though as a business man it was hard for Tony to miss the slightly concerned lilt to his tone - no doubt expecting to be needed for some crisis or magical phenomenon. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"
“Hey-uh doc? I know this is going to be taken the wrong way but I was wondering if I could... ask for your help with something.” He paused, blinking as his insecurities swelled and his own shaking while grasping the phone had gone unnoticed to himself.
“Can I come over, or you come over, so we talk about something?” Tony picked his words carefully.
"Is it an emergency, or will you be available in an hour? I'm in the middle of something a little bit time sensitive, but not so important that I can't put it aside if you require my assistance sooner." There was a brief pause and a soft noise from the other end before Stephen spoke again.
"Or you can come by. It's nothing that would stop me from speaking with you if this is just a consultation thing."
Tony frowned, wondering what the noise could have possibly been - but knowing the wizard?  Anything really. 
“It is and it isn’t, but that would be great. Thanks doc, I’ll be around in about 10 minutes.”
"I'll see you shortly, then. Fly safely." There was a hint of amusement to Stephen's tone when he spoke, but it didn't linger as the line went dead.
Tony ended the call and tucked his phone away, leaving immediately.
 

 
With the thus far unrivaled speed of his nanosuit he’d landed not seven minutes later. No time was wasted dawdling on the stoop of the Sanctum as a couple raps on the hefty doors heralded the brunette’s arrival.
The door to the Sanctum, as it tended to when a guest was expected, slowly opened itself and the sorcerer beyond the threshold paused in what might've been pacing to look towards Tony as he entered, offering an acknowledging nod to the man.
In one hand held an open book he seemed to be studying, in the other it was harder to tell what he held - whatever it was he was shaking it rather pointedly.
"You made good time, Stark. Can I offer you something to drink?" Stephen offered in greeting.
The cloak seemed to have responded to his name, appearing quickly from out of sight to dance enthusiastically before the mogul, ushering him inside with an air of excitement.
Tony’s suit receded back into its housing as he stepped inside. If he were more energetic and ready for a good verbal j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/ Cloak of Levitation
Stephen Strange/Cloak of Levitation

freeform: 
IronStrange
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Survivor Guilt
Internalized Homophobia
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fantasy
Dreamscapes
The Cloak Ships It
Fluff and Angst
Happy Ending
Implied Sexual Content
Reincarnation
Slow Burn
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Idiots in Love
Illustrations
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/ Cloak of Levitation
Stephen Strange/Cloak of Levitation

