Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sunlight streamed through the gauzy curtains, too bright for Tony to sleep through and too warm for him to want to do anything but lay in it and bask like a cat. It was a bright spring morning.Tony rolled his head to look at the clock, and groaned. No time to lounge in bed; breakfast was in ten minutes, and if Tony wasn’t present -- and presentable -- then his father was going to be unhappy with him.He stumbled out of bed and into the bathroom. No time to shower, so he splashed his face a few times and sprayed on a little extra deodorant -- ug, his mother must have overridden his scent preferences with the shopper, because it was her preferred florals again instead of his understated herbals. He probably didn’t do as good a job brushing his teeth as he should, but he didn’t think his father would stoop to actually checking.He threw on a pair of jeans and the first shirt his fingers brushed as he reached into the closet. It was cut a little low for breakfast, sheer enough to be daring but not quite shocking. It was the kind of shirt he might have chosen to wear on a date.You know, if he’d been allowed to date, like any normal omega.Well, it met Howard’s stated rule of basic decency, and that was the important thing, because he had only about forty-five seconds left to sprint downstairs and plant his behind in his chair before he was late.Maria gave him a raised eyebrow as he slid into his seat, but he knew she wouldn’t call attention to his near-tardiness.Howard pointedly checked his watch, but grunted acceptance.Tony let Maria fill his plate for him; she actually paid attention to the dietician she’d hired to make sure he was eating the right amounts of the right things. He’d more or less gotten used to always being just a little bit hungry.If he’d been an alpha, he probably would have been able to do whatever he wanted. Stroll in late, skip meals altogether, wear whatever he wanted. Eat whatever he wanted, however much much he wanted. Argue, and have people actually listen to his words instead of scold him for his attitude. Work on projects that would get his clothes and skin dirty, leave calluses and scars on his hands, let him stretch his imagination. Leave the house without a chaperone.Leave, full stop.He was so absorbed in cataloguing all the ways his life would be immeasurably better if he’d been an alpha that he almost didn’t notice Jarvis standing at his elbow.“Forgive the interruption, young sir, but there was mail for you in this morning’s post.”Mail? As in, actual, physical mail? For him? Jarvis would never have interrupted breakfast for bulk mail like a catalog or a magazine. Tony became aware that he’d frozen, that Jarvis was still standing there, proffering a thick, creamy white envelope. And that his parents were watching him, curious and suspicious, each according to their wont.“Uh.” Tony took it. It was heavier than it looked. “Thank you, Jarvis.”“Of course, young sir.”Tony looked down at the envelope and felt all the blood drain from his face. That was... That was definitely the M.I.T. crest in the corner.And Tony’s name in the center.It’s probably a rejection, he told himself. Sure, it was a thick, heavy envelope, but they’d probably just included a brochure and application to one of their affiliated sister schools. Somewhere that a lowly omega might feel more at home.But M.I.T. did admit omegas. Not many of them, but a few, maybe seven to ten percent of the student body. Fewer than half of them ever graduated.Hands shaking, Tony picked up his table knife and clumsily cut open the envelope.He pulled out the folded packet and carefully opened it.He read it.He read it again.And one more time, committing every word to memory.“Well?” Howard demanded. “What’s it say?”Tony drew a breath. “I’m in.” He looked up. “I’m going to M.I.T.”“Oh, darling, that’s wonderful,” his mother gushed. “We’re so proud, aren’t we, Howard?”Howard put his fork down, wiped his mouth with his napkin and threw that onto the table beside his plate. “Well.” He looked at Maria. “You’ll handle it?”“Of course,” she said placidly. “I’ve known this day was coming for a long time. I’ve had plenty of time to prepare.”“Prepare for what?” Tony asked.Howard pushed away from the table, already scowling at some message on his phone as he stalked from the room.“You’ll handle what?” Tony said.Maria reached across the corner of the table to pat Tony’s hand as if he were a child. “Finding you an alpha, of course,” she said. “You know omegas can’t attend classes unless they’re bonded.”Tony had known that.Of course he had known that. He’d considered all the options carefully, weighing the pros and cons of every facet, before submitting his application.He’d known that M.I.T.’s precious few omega openings were only available to already-bonded omegas. On the website, it was couched in rhetoric about only wanting the most dedicated students who were “committed to excellence” and “providing an environment conducive to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Arranged Marriage
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Virgin Tony Stark
Sex
Anal Sex
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Fainting
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Jealousy
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
background/minor Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Domestic Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

