Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne know each other since their kids days. Obviously. Two sons and heirs of successful businessmen from two cities with a particular character. Of course they met each other by the time Bruce was seven and Tony was twelve and already set in a boarding school. His parents pulled him out of it for a weekend to get a photo op with the Waynes (Martha’s and Maria’s charities were working on something together and that was supposed to bring more attention to it. Bruce doesn’t really remember what it was, though) and the boy didn’t seem that excited about it. He didn’t seem too excited about his boarding school, either. But he was nice enough to amuse the kid when the parents were too busy figuring out the details of the deal between the two charities.Tony was also there for the funeral for Martha and Thomas Wayne one year later. His parents didn’t make it, he was there representing Stark Industries. But his condolences were honest and quiet and he was there for the whole of it. Then, when it was over, he asked Alfred if there’s something he can do for them. Both of them.Bruce didn’t think about that for years after, but that he remembered. His gestures weren’t just for show and he didn’t ask only for Bruce, but for Alfred, too. So, when Bruce was on the other end of the world when the Starks died and he couldn’t really free his time to make it to their funeral, he at least sent a card.Not enough, it didn’t come close to the way Tony’s silent presence gave him strength during his parents’ funeral. But it was something.And that was that.***Except then he came home to deal with the crime in the city and nothing went as it should have. And then there was an actual alien. And an Atlantidian. And a literal half-goddess.And then he had a kid. Adopted, sure, but still. Becoming a parent at the grand age of 25 to a twelve year old was really fucking complicated. Thank God for Alfred, really.And then nothing really stopped and he became a part of a league of somewhat superhuman people trying to protect the world all the while trying to keep it a secret.So, when he first heard about the Stark kidnapping it was already almost a month old news and most people gave up. Bruce meant to look into it (he still felt like he owed Stark something), but by then he already was in the process of adopting Jason. And of course just when he wanted to sit down and look into Stark’s kidnapping, Joker happened and he lost his Robin. He still doesn’t exactly remember the following few months and the next time he checked the news properly Tony Stark was back, sporting a hot rod red and gold metal suit and calling himself Iron Man.Not Bruce’s style, but whatever.***There’s an invasion in New York, but before the Justice League has the time to even get there it’s dealt with. Iron Man saved the day. Along with another god (Diana watches all tapes Bruce was able to get from hacking SHIELD with a pinched look on her face for some reason), a super soldier who was assumed dead back in the 40’s, an army experiment gone wrong and two spies.But the Avengers are not their problem. Bruce sets some programs to keep an eye on them, but the life goes on. He finds a small genius who’s almost more stubborn than Bruce himself and gets another Robin just before Jason comes back from death thanks to the fucking Lazarus pit. And that’s just Bruce. Everyone in the League has their own problems.A few years later a big part of a whole city tries to play a meteorite and kill everything on earth and Bruce almost wants to go to the fucking Avengers tower and ask them what the fuck happened. But of course that’s when Talia shows up with a kid on her heels. A kid that has her eyes and leanness, but Bruce’s jaw and attitude. A kid that can kill as easily as Jason, his son that came back just a little bit different. Or maybe the ruthlessness was in him the whole time. Or maybe, a small part of Bruce whispers, that’s what he did to him. Not the pit, not his terrible childhood, but Bruce.Trying to piece his family together came first then. Clark and Diana understood. And the rest of the League would never argue with all three of them united like that.It was years later that he felt that finally, finally he could breathe freely. That if he turns his back to them his sons won’t kill each other. That Steph knows that whatever happens, she will always have a place in the Wayne manor. That Barbra knows that even though she and Dick are no longer a thing, she’s still welcome for their family dinners. That Cass maybe needs some time to figure out herself, but she stays in touch, texting once a week at least one person in the family.And in that five minutes of peace in his life, the Avengers decided to set Europe on fire.***Damian doesn’t really understand why they’re in Russia. It’s not like he or anyone else ever gets an explanation from Batman befo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tim Drake/Dick Grayson/Jason Todd/Damian Wayne

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
delusional team cap
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Civil War Team Iron Man
Crack Treated Seriously
OOC
D/s dynamic

fandom: 
Tim Drake/Dick Grayson/Jason Todd/Damian Wayne

