Work Text:
Harley wishes he could feel bad for the things that went through his mind, the things he wanted to do to Peter when Harley looked down at him. His beautiful innocent brown eyes, his sweet smile. The way he'd blush and not be able to meet Harley’s eyes. Tony was going to kill Harley. But he knew would still be worth it.Harley knew Tony and Peter's relationship was different from what Harley and Tony had since the first moment. While Harley did look up to Tony and respected him, seeing someone he could admire and aim to become in several departments, he wasn't actually Harley’s father nor Harley saw him like that.Tony was Harley's friend. At first, maybe both of them tried to fulfill roles they expected from the other but soon they saw too much in each other in a way that created complicity, something that Harley held close to his heart.In the other hand, Harley knew wasn't like that for Peter and Tony. Peter also looked up to Tony and hoped to be even if a small percentage of the man Tony was, both as a hero and as a person. But there was more, the lingering looks, the way he seemed to glow whenever Tony praised him, placed his hand on his shoulder. Peter would blush whenever Tony called him Pete instead of a kid.Harley knew Peter saw in Tony a father. The father he had lost times two before. And Harley also was aware Tony thought of Peter as a son, even if he would never admit and pretend to be exasperated by him, Harley could hear the fondness in each 'kid’ that Tony muttered.Harley wasn't jealous really. What he had with Tony was unique and special in its own way. Harley had a father and he was an asshole, he didn't want another one. But he appreciated a friend that from the beginning saw in Harley something more. The guy that proportioned to Harley and his family a better life.Harley would forever be grateful and he owned Tony a lot.But Harley still wouldn't stop thinking about fucking his kid every and which way.  “How long you will be staying?” Harley had arrived at the Avengers Compound the previous day, summer vacations had begun and it meant he was free to visit New York and Tony. It was Harley's first year at college and Peter's had just completed 18, soon would be done with school and off to college as well. “A few weeks.” Harley might have thought of not trying anything with Peter, of letting go of his attraction and more - which was still unnamed because Harley felt anxious associating big words to his feelings toward Peter. Saying that the young hero gave him endless boners was much easier.“That's, um, that's awesome. I know you have been a couple of times but I can show you around the city,” Peter blushed prettily while talking, licking his lips nervously. “Places tourists wouldn't usually go to. I mean only if you want to though!” Peter tried to reassure, suddenly looking anxious. “It's fine if you don't, I'm sure Mr. Stark has shown you much cooler places, don't feel obligated to accept or anything.”Harley placed his right hand on top of Peter's shoulder to soothe him. “I'd love to go.”Harley smiled as he saw Peter relax, blush coming back full force.“Yeah, okay. Cool, it's gonna be awesome!”  Whatever Harley felt for Peter apart, they did have an awesome time hanging out. Peter was right, he showed Harley plenty of places he had never seen and heard of before.“I go in so many rounds, see a lot of different places and people,” Peter said, they had just bought hot dogs at a hot dog stand that according to Peter was the 'damn best one in this whole city and believe me, tried them all!’ and he was of course, right.Harley felt warm inside whenever Peter mentioned anything Spider-Man related. At first, Harley got to admit he felt a bit jealous, Peter was one year younger and not only he had superpowers but he was out there fighting crime, helping people and being an Avenger. But it had passed quickly. Especially considering the fact Peter trusted Harley enough to tell him about his secret. Harley knew most of the Avengers themselves didn't know apart from Tony, Dr. Strange and Rhodey.“Thanks for sharing it all with me,” Harley said when Peter and he stopped by a bench to finish their hot dogs.Peter smiled, sweet and so fucking pure in a way that made Harley's heartache and his groin tighten at the same time.“Thank you for allowing me to share it,” Peter said, voice small. Harley didn't know what to say to that.So he didn't say anything. He leaned in and kissed the younger boy instead.Peter's lips were soft and he tasted like the hot dog, he made a tiny sound when Harley used a free hand to pull him closer. And let out a whimper when Harley's hand went down and squeezed his waist. Yep, he was definitely getting murdered by Tony Stark.  It wasn't like Harley had forgotten about May Parker either, he was well aware she could be as scary or more so than Tony if she thought her nephew was in danger in any way.But - and Harley did feel bad for that one - was way easier to get in May's good si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Implied Sexual Content
Aged-Up Character(s)
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

