Work Text:
i. on accidentTony figured that since he had been dealing with insomnia for well over ten years now, he would have no problem adjusting to having a baby. He was so, so wrong.He doesn’t know what it is about adding a baby to the mix that makes him so exhausted, but at the moment he’s sprawled nearly boneless on the couch, trying to keep his eyes open to make sure Morgan is doing alright. Sleep sounds really nice right about now.As it is, though, Peter’s coming over in just a minute and Tony probably should be awake to greet him.As if Tony has summoned him, the elevator doors suddenly open.“Hi,” Peter calls as he enters, kicking off his shoes. “You look like death.”“Thanks, Parker,” Tony mumbles. “Oh, hey, could you grab Morgan’s binkie? I left it on the counter.”“Sure.” Peter’s young and energetic and doesn’t have a three-month-old, so Tony doesn’t even feel slightly guilty about having him get it when Tony has been trying to force himself to get up for the last fifteen minutes.Peter comes over and hands Tony the binkie, then makes himself at home in the small amount of space Tony has left on the couch.“Thanks, baby,” Tony mutters, his eyes half closed.Until he realizes what he just said.Really, it was bound to happen eventually. Tony calls Morgan ‘baby’ almost more than her own name, and one of his favorite nicknames for Peter is ‘buddy.’ It’s a perfectly logical, understandable slip when he’s as tired as he is.It doesn’t make it any less embarrassing when Tony’s eyes fly open and he sees Peter staring at him stunned with a dark blush coloring his cheeks.“Um,” Peter says. There’s a crooked smile slowly turning up his mouth. “Did you just call me baby?”“Nope,” Tony says hastily. “I was… talking to Morgan.”Peter raises an eyebrow, seeming to enjoy Tony’s humiliation. “And what exactly were you thanking her for?”They both turn and look at where Morgan’s having tummy-time on the floor, blowing spit bubbles and batting at a stuffed animal. Tony flounders for a moment.”Existing, Peter,” he finally snaps. Peter laughs.“It’s ok, Mr. Stark, you can call me baby if you want.” Peter’s smile turns sharp. “Afterall, everyone must seem like babies when you’re as old as you are.”“Watch it,” Tony warns, the threat losing all manner of heat when he slumps back against the couch again, a small smile tugging at his lips.He hears Peter go over to Morgan and start cooing at her. Tony opens one eye and watches as Peter drops down onto his stomach in front of her.Tony smiles. His babies.It actually sounds kind of nice.  ii. injuredPeter’s screaming.The bullet wound would have been bad enough, but after only a minute it becomes apparent that the bullet has been poisoned.Tony’s already called for MedEvac, but Peter’s screaming and sobbing and now there’s nothing Tony can do.He wishes he could hold the boy’s hand with his own, but he has to keep the gauntlet engaged or Peter will break his fingers. He’s already crushing the suit enough that Tony will have to cut it off.“Peter,” Tony begs. “I know it hurts, kid, I know.”Peter sobs again, tears mingling with sweat on his face. He’s laying against Tony’s chest, Tony’s arms holding him up. He’s thrashing so much Tony can barely keep hold of him.“Tony,” Peter pants, seeming barely aware of what’s going on around him. “Ugh, Tony, please.”“Just hold on, ok?” Tony says, keeping his voice low so it won’t break. His eyes sting but he can’t move his hand up to wipe the tears away.Another wave of agony must race through Peter because he screams again, the sound tearing out of his throat, ripping it raw.Tony squeezes his eyes closed. He presses his lips hard to Peter’s temple.“It’s ok, baby,” Tony whispers. Peter doesn’t even hear him. “It’s ok. I’m here.”Over the sound of Peter’s next whimpering sob, Tony hears the quinjet above them.“Oh, thank heavens,” Tony breathes. He kisses Peter’s temple again. “It’s alright now.”  iii. sleepingMorgan goes down to bed easily for once, which Tony will never complain about.He carefully closes the door to her nursery before making his way back to the living room, where Peter is waiting to start another movie, which will almost instantly put him to sleep. Tony would put money on it.“Alright, my infant is asleep,” Tony announces as he comes out. “Now time for my grumpy teenager.”“’M not grumpy,” Peter grumbles into the decorative pillow he’s laying against.He is grumpy. The poor kid had been up til four in the morning working on a project, and despite protesting that eight is too early to go to bed, he seems ready to collapse at any second.Honestly, Tony wouldn’t mind joining him.“Whatever you say, kiddo,” Tony says.Peter gives him a baleful glare that means he knows Tony’s humoring him, but still sits up and lets Tony take back his place on the couch.Tony stealthily shifts a little closer to Peter. Once the movie has started, he very gradually coaxes Peter into leaning against him.As Peter gets heavier against him, his breaths slowing with sleep, To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Pet Names
5+1 Things
Hurt Tony Stark
Platonic Cuddling
Forehead Kisses

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

