Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Where’s Steve?”Tony finished wiping down his station with his usual obsessive attention to detail before he straightened up.  “Still down in Washington with Isaiah,” he said, frowning at a smudge on the gleaming metal countertop.  He bent over it, scrubbing with more enthusiasm than the small spot really warranted.  “I don’t think he’s coming back.”Pepper looked over the rim of her coffee cup at him.  “He’s coming back,” she said, with the flat voice of a woman who was not interested in humoring his melodramatic ass.  “I thought you said you were going out with Rhodey tonight.”“I am going out with Rhodey tonight,” Tony said.  He glanced at the clock.  “If he ever decides to show up, that is.”  He reached for the bottle of cleaner and found Pepper staring at him, her coffee cup hanging in mid-air as if she’d forgotten it.  Tony arched an eyebrow at her.  “What?”“Who’s going with you?” Pepper asked.“What?” Tony shrugged.  “No one.  What do you mean, who’s going with us?  I’m sure he’ll drag my exhausted ass down to Mjolnir to start, but-”“No,” Pepper said, her voice blunt.Tony waited.  There was nothing else forthcoming.  “No?” he repeated, his lips twitching.“No,” Pepper said again, her voice dire.  “No.  The two of you are not allowed to go out alone.  With Steve?  Sure.  With Bruce?  Absolutely.  With Thor or Nat or Clint-”  She stopped.  “Actually no.  Not with Clint.”“I can go out with Clint if I want,” Tony said, because he was a contrarian bastard.“Remember what happened the last time you went out with Clint?” Pepper asked, her voice sweet.Tony thought about that, his brow furrowing.  “No,” he said at last.“Right,” Pepper said.  “You’re not allowed to go out with Clint.”  She drained the rest of her coffee.  “Or alone with Rhodey.”“What? Why?” Tony tossed the cleaning cloth back into the bleach water.  “Rhodey’s the good one, Pep. Rhodey’s the-”“Rhodey is as big of a human disaster area as you are!” Pepper said, nicking a slice of pickled carrot from his plate.  “He just does a better job of covering it up.  Until he’s in your vicinity.  Then that carefully maintained facade collapses like an undercooked souffle.”Tony took the coffee cup out of her hand, hoping she had a sip left.  No such luck.  “Is this your way of saying that you want to come out with us tonight?” he asked.  “Because you’re always welcome, Pepper.”“I’d like to live through the weekend, so no,” Pepper said.  She stole another of Tony’s quick pickles, her eyes narrowed as her teeth sank into the crisp chunk of cauliflower.  “Maybe Sam will-”“I don’t need a babysitter,” Tony said, “and if I did, I’m pretty sure that I’d be insulted that you think that you can convince Sam to do it.”“He’d do it just for the blackmail pictures, and you know it,” Pepper said.  “I’ll stop by Sam’s truck on our way across the road and see if he’s up for a drink, but I don’t need you setting up playdates, thank you,” Tony said. “Besides, any benefit that we might get from Sam’s presence will be immediately negated if Bucky’s hanging around looking for leftovers.”  He braced a hand on the counter.  “Add Bucky to the mix and we might as well hire a PR firm right now.”Pepper rubbed a hand over her face.  “Why are all of your friends so…” She stopped, and sighed.  “So much like you?”“Because I attract free thinking, hard drinking, culinary rebels who are ready to throwdown at any time,” Tony said.  “With a wide variety of knives used for a wide variety of purposes.”“You attract people who need bail money,” Pepper said.  “Maybe Bruce-”“No,” Bruce yelled back from the other side of the kitchen.  He ducked down, just far enough to meet their eyes under the rows of gleaming copper pans.  “Whatever you’re doing over there, taking my name in vain, the answer, uh, is no.”“Come out drinking with us!” Tony called back.  “C’mon, old man, you can-”“No,” Bruce said, and then, a moment later, “Who’s ‘we’?”“Me and Rhodey.”“No,” Bruce said.  “Absolutely no.”Pepper made no effort to hide her smirk.  Tony pointed a finger in her direction.  “Not a word,” he said.  “Fine.  You’re all allergic to fun.  That’s your problem, not mine.”“Yes, but you are my problem,” Pepper said.  Her foot tapped against the tile.  “Fine.  Last resort.”“We end up booked there an awful lot,” Tony said.“More than I like, honestly,” Pepper said.  “Peter!”“No,” Tony said.“It won’t work,” Bruce said, shaking his head.  “Of course it won’t fucking work, it’s PARKER,” Tony said.“What’s Parker?” Peter asked from the kitchen door.  “Why, what’s happening?”“You’re going to go drinking with Tony,” Pepper told him.“He’s not twenty-one,” Bruce said.“I’m not twenty-one,” Peter parroted.“Fine,” Pepper said, her eyes rolling.  “You’re going to go out with Tony while he’s drinking.”“You think that PARKER can keep me in line?” Tony asked, incredulous.  “PARKER?”“He’ll slow you down, and that’s all I care about,” Pepper said.“He’s not a speed limit, Pep, he barely qualifies as a speedbump,” T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Morning After
Bad choices made among friends
Background Carol and Jess
Fluff
Established Relationship
Tony needs to drink less

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

