Chapter 1: Home isn't what I thought it would be
    




Chapter Text
Six months. It took six months for the so called Rogue Avengers to sign the newest version of the Sakovia Accords and to get pardoned. The whole time, Bucky felt horrible over what had happened. He hated that he had hurt people. He hated that he didn’t have all the information before he got into fights. And he hated being stuck in Wakanda with some of the Rogues.When the fight had ended Bucky had asked King T’Challa to put him on ice until they could find a way to remove the trigger words. Steve had protested against it, but in the end, followed through with Bucky’s wishes.He had only stayed frozen for a month.Apparently, Tony Stark, the man who’s mother he had killed, had given Princess Shuri some tech he called B.A.R.F. that was supposed to help remove the triggers. It worked amazingly and after a month, Bucky was trigger free and slowly getting his life back. Bucky felt eternally grateful to Stark. He didn’t have to help him, but he did.What drove Bucky crazy was how a few of the Rogues reacted to the news that Stark had supplied the tech that cured Bucky. Barton and Maximoff went on a whole rant about how horrible Stark was and how he deserved to die. The others just stayed silent the whole time and it made Bucky feel stupidly uncomfortable.So, Bucky mostly kept to himself while in Wakanda. He would wander the fields and help tend to the goats. Maybe he was a farmer in a past life because he was surprisingly good as it. Steve would come by every day and talk to him. He mostly tried to talk to him about their old life growing up. Bucky remembered bits and pieces of it and would engage in conversation a bit, but he mostly wanted to be left alone to figure things out.Three months after he had been unfrozen, T’Challa approached Bucky with a formidable stack of papers.“Mr. Barnes. If you have some time, I would like to go over a few things with you.” Bucky just nodded and followed the king into the palace and into a cozy little conference room.“These are the revised version of the accords. If you could give them a read through I’ll be happy to answer any questions you have.”Bucky was more than happy to read them. He had heard the Rogues bitching about them and he was more than eager to form his own opinion on the matter. Turns out that most of them hadn’t even read the fucking thing the first time around. Bucky was surrounded by idiots.By the end Bucky had signed the documents with a smile before he went back to his room for the night. Bucky didn’t envy T’Challa. He had the almost impossible job of getting the rest of the Rogue Avengers to sign the revised accords.By some miracle T’Challa was able to get the others to sign the accords and a month later they had been granted probational pardons to return to the compound. They would have to stay on house arrest there for a couple of months, but at least they were returning. Everyone was happy about that, but Bucky felt conflicted. He didn’t have a home at the compound like the others. He was happy just working with the goats. But he didn’t have much of a choice. Wakanda was not his home and T’Challa had every right to send him back to the states.So, bright and early one crisp fall morning, Bucky and the Rogues returned back to the Avengers Compound. The flight itself was filled with a mixture of jovial excitement and muffled complaints. Bucky mostly tunes it out. He talked to Steve for a bit about what the compound was like, but that was about it.So, the flight was ok. Nothing too bad happened. Bucky didn’t like being stuck in close quarters with the annoying bird that was Sam Wilson, but it was nothing compared the angry shouting and murderous sneers that happened when they actually arrived at the compound.As the Rogue Avengers got off the jet they arrived in they were greeted by Hope Van Dyne and Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey was sporting some pretty sweet leg braces that allowed him walk after he was paralyzed in the fall he took during the airport fight.“Welcome back everyone. I’m sure you all read the welcome packets T’Challa gave to you.” Stated Rhodey as everyone gathered around just outside the doors to the common room.“Where’s Stark? Shouldn’t he be the one out here doing this?” asked Steve with an air of disapproval. There was a smattering of angry murmurs from some of the others and Bucky felt uncomfortable.“Tony just got out of the hospital. He’s not in a position to be walking around.” Spoke Rhodey.Tony had been in the hospital? That was news to the others. Although, none of them seemed to care. Bucky did, and he was terrified that he was part of the reason he’d been put there to begin with. He knew he had to make it up to Tony. He just knew it.“Where’s Vision?” asked Maximoff as Rhodey began to lead them inside.“He’s just inside. He wanted a get a few snacks ready for you guys once you arrived. Despite being an android he’s not the best at time management.” Answered Hope as she 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Mpreg
but by magic
Blame Thor
Comic Book Science
hand wavy medical stuff
more warnings to come
Depression
Eating Disorders
Insecure Tony Stark
Suicide Attempt
Misunderstood Tony Stark
serum transference
Parent Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

