Work Text:
His tuxedo was stifling. The room was damnably hot, which Charles thought was rather ridiculous. The wedding planners had to have known that they’d be cramming almost four hundred people into this hall, and that keeping temperatures close to a toasty eighty degrees was going to result in someone fainting of heat stroke or simply bursting into flames in their seat. Maybe that was the plan, to encourage guests to keep the whole affair brief so they could all leave before they died. If so, Charles had to admire such artful manipulation, even if it was a bit heavy-handed.He fussed at his cufflinks and his collar, trying to loosen something up so he could at least breathe. That earned him a slap on the thigh from Raven, who looked perfectly put-together in her light, flowing sundress. “Stop fidgeting.”“It’s like a furnace in here,” he muttered back.“Oh come on, it’s not that hot. You’re just looking for excuses to get out of here.”Charles tugged at his too-tight bowtie and sighed. “I don’t know how you talked me into this. I don’t even know these people.”“You think I don’t have better things to do with my Saturday afternoons?” Raven asked, a little sullenly. She’d been doing a good job of keeping up the cheerful façade all morning and only now was she beginning to let her own annoyance slip. “Mother said we had to be here, so we’re here. End of story.”“Actually, Mother said you had to be here, and then you dragged me along because you didn’t want to go alone.”“True. But you’ve done the same to me before, and it’s not as if you had anything better to do.”Charles had, in fact, had several things better to do than attend a stranger’s wedding. Hank wanted to re-analyze Cerebro’s data spreadsheets for the eighteenth time to search for errors again, for one. There was a horrifically large stack of exam papers sitting on his desk waiting to be graded, for another. Plus, there was the Star Trek marathon he’d been meaning to catch tonight, but he supposed it was a moot point by now. And Raven was right: he’d forced her to accompany him on more than one of his mother’s mandatory events, much to her displeasure. Turnabout was fair play, after all.The ceremony was supposed to begin promptly at four-thirty, but most of the guests arrived at least an hour early to socialize. At three-twenty, one of the groomsmen appeared, hurried up the aisle, and bent over to speak to someone in the front row. Even from the middle of the assembly where he sat, Charles could make out the groomsman’s puckered brow, more than a little out of place at a supposedly happy occasion. Please don’t let anyone be late, Charles thought. He didn’t want this to drag out any longer than it had to.The groomsman disappeared again without a word to anyone. Charles sweltered in his seat for another minute, checked his watch, and got up.“Where are you going?” Raven hissed, as if she honestly thought he was about to ditch her without a word. He was almost offended that she believed him capable of such disloyalty.“To the bathroom,” he replied, batting at her grip on his jacket. “I’m going to splash some water on my face, I’ll be right back.”The elderly couple beside him frowned as he shuffled past them to the aisle. He flashed them a pleasant smile that made them blink and headed out the side door at the back of the room.Just stepping outside the overheated hall was a relief. He fanned himself with his hand as he glanced around for directions and eventually found a placard pointing him down a corridor to the left. Following it, he had to take three turns and nearly got lost on the third before finally finding the sign marked MEN. It was, naturally, marked out of order, so he had to traverse down another maze of halls before finally reaching a bathroom that seemed serviceable. Even the door handle was gilded down its length, which cemented Charles’ opinion that this hotel was really too enormous and lavish for its own good—exactly the sort of place his mother would like.He opened the door, walked down yet another hallway, and was finally greeted with the sight of a row of pristinely white urinals next to several open and empty stalls. Across from them was a line of sinks and a man, bracing himself against one of them and obviously having something of a panic attack.Charles winced at the sudden, awful roar of unregulated fear that battered up against his mental shields. He always made an effort to keep his mind closed around large crowds to avoid the inevitable headache that came from all the ambient noise, so he shouldn’t have been able to pick up on more than a hint of surface emotion. But he could almost taste the other man’s anxiety on his tongue, could feel the stirrings of nausea in his own gut, like a bad meal waiting to come back up.“Hey,” he said, hurrying forward. “Are you all right?”Pale eyes snapped over to his. The intensity in the gaze made Charles’ steps falter, and he stood uncertainly by one of the gleaming sinks as the man straightened a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Bathroom Sex
Weddings
Bottom!Erik
top!Charles
have fun figuring out what's going on plot wise guys because I don't know either
Charles You Slut
Infidelity

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

