Chapter 1: Sleep will come later
    


Summary:

Sharon finds out about Siberia





Chapter Text

‘Tony? Are you alright?’

‘Hello?’

‘Tony?’

It had been three days since Siberia, three days in which Tony had been working every minute he had to make prosthetics for Rodhes. Three days in which he’d had operation after operation himself as his ribs had all been broken. Three days in which the genius froze whenever he saw a red-blue combination somewhere. Three days in which he hadn’t dared to leave the house or turn on the TV. He couldn’t handle life right now.

However, Sharon Carter was here now, she had heard of Rhodey’s injury and came to visit. And somehow he’d spaced out. Tony sighed, Sharon was like his little sister, as her great aunt was his father’s closest friends, Tony had been forced to babysit her many times. He’d actually been chosen as her godfather when she was born, as her parents had, in turn, babysat Tony tons of times as well. 

He shook his head. ‘Sorry Sharon, I must’ve spaced out.’

Tony tried to stand up and winced.

‘What happened?’ Sharon asked, worried.

‘Steve did, we went to Siberia, we fought, he knocked me down.’ Sharon looked shocked. Tony knew she was one of Steves friends, they might’ve even been more, and Sharon had helped Steve locate Barnes. He wasn’t going to tell the 26-year old that the person she’d fallen in love with had kept the death of Maria and Howard Stark a secret. Even if Sharon had barely been born when they died, it would still shock her, and he couldn’t do that to her.

But hadn’t that been Steves reasoning as well? Keep a secret to ‘protect’ someone?

He couldn’t do that. Sharon deserved to know what happened. She was an adult after all. 

‘You know what? I’ll show you the footage, you deserve to reach your conclusion yourself.’ With a few swift movements, Tony had started up the security footage from the bunker. He closed his eyes when the security footage showed the old footage from his parents’ murder. Sharon sucked in a breath. When the video had ended, ending with Tony being left behind, Sharon looked shocked.

‘I can’t believe… I had no idea he would keep something like this from you.’ when the initial shock wore off she added ‘You were wrong to attack Bucky, he was innocent, and you knew that. You should’ve turned all that anger towards Steve. You trusted him, I trusted him, to do the right thing. I can’t believe…’

Sharon’s voice trailed off. Tony sighed.

‘I know that I shouldn’t have attacked Barnes, I knew he was innocent, but at that moment all I could think was: ‘This is the guy Steve cared about so much that he left me to think my father murdered my mother, this is the guy that Steve spent so much of my money on to find, my father’s money before me, and he murdered my parents.

I know what I did was wrong, I will definitely admit that which is why I’ve already started to find way’s to cure Barnes of Hydra’s mind control.’

‘Is that your whole plan?’ The woman asked, knowing Tony liked to keep his cards close to his chest.

Before Tony could answer, the phone rang, it was Nat. The billionaire answered the call.

'Hi Tony, first of all, I'm sorry for Leipzig, I knew T'Challa wouldn't let Barnes away alive so I had to intervene, but I'm sorry for betraying you. But you said you had a favour to ask?’

'Yes, I can't in good conscience leave the Avengers there to suffer under Ross’ hands, can you find a way to free those who are not looking for pardons?’

If Nat was surprised by this request she didn't voice it. 'Way ahead of you, I've got the schematics in front of me already. I just don't think I can take their gear.’

‘Would an insider help with that?’ Sharon asked. 

'Sharon how? Doesn't matter… Yes, it would help.’

'Alright, where are you? I'll go and help.’

'Steve's old apartment in Brooklyn, it's still in his possession but kept out of the files.’

'Then I'll meet you there.’

The call disconnected, and Sharon looked like she wanted to ask something. 

‘What do you want to know?’ Tony asked.

‘You trust Romanov after what happened?’

‘No, I don’t, there was a time when I thought she wouldn’t stab my back in battle, but that ship has sailed. I already never trusted her in other ways, but I doubt I’ll trust her anywhere near me without my guard up ever again. She’s predictable though, and a useful ally, because of that I can’t afford to cut ties. Besides, we both know Ross won’t be kind to those in the raft. Scott has already taken the plea deal he’s been granted. two years of house arrest, and 6 months of probation and training before joining in with the Avengers. He’ll be out there on his own. The rest is too damn stubborn, and even if Wanda hates my gut, I can’t just leave them there.’

Sharon stood up, 'I'll come to visit again the day after tomorrow, don't you dare skip on me.’

Tony smiled. 'I won't, you don’t get caught alright?’

As the spy walked away, Tony returned to his office. He had plenty of work to do. First of all: Hide La
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Scott Lang & Hope Van Dyne
Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Not Steve Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs Sleep
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony-centric
Tony Stark-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Avengers Family
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Ignoring Infinity war
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
BAMF rodhey
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Light Angst
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark Feels
Insecure Tony
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Civil War (Marvel)
Clint and Laura Barton's Family
Protective Laura Barton
Awesome Laura Barton
BAMF Laura Barton
Natasha Romanoff - Freeform
POV Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov is sorry
(why is Romanov spelt with a v on this website?)
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF Hope Van Dyne
BAMF Jessica Jones
BAMF Matt Murdock
Cute Peter Parker
Protective Natasha Romanov
POV Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Natasha has a lot to think about
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Awesome Carol Danvers
Carol Danvers being amazing
Captain Marvel was technically the first Avenger
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton Has Issues
Clint Barton needs to change
Minor Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Confused Scott Lang
She-Hulk - Freeform
Post-Black Panther (2018)
Black Panther - Freeform
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. References
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Minor Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
avengers find out Coulson is alive
Fantastic Four Cameos
Fantastic Four - Freeform
BAMF Christine Everhart
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
BAMF Natasha Romanov
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D Season 4 Compliant
POV Wanda Maximoff
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Vision
POV Skye | Daisy Johnson
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie)
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker Friendship
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter Parker has PTSD
PTSD Tony Stark
miss marvel - Freeform
Kamela Khan - Freeform
ms marvel - Freeform
Comics/Movie Crossover

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Scott Lang & Hope Van Dyne
Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

