Work Text:
 


 May 29th, 2018




Tony rolled his eyes. “Your math is blowing my mind.” 




“Excuse me, but… does your friend often do that?” 




Tony looked to where the alien was staring at Strange. He was sitting cross-legged, floating slightly above the ground, hands poised in an odd shape. The time stone was glowing brightly in the middle of the amulet. His eyes were closed, and his head was moving so fast it was blurring even as Tony stared at him. 




“Strange! We alright?” 




Strange snapped out of his trance and fell forward, a cry leaving his lips. Tony stepped forwards, wanting to help but not knowing how. 




“You’re back; you’re alright,” he murmured, hoping he was being comforting. 




“Hey, what was that?” Peter asked, head tilted to the side slightly in curiosity. 




“I went forward in time to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.” 




Tony felt his eyes widen. 




“How many did you see?” Quill asked. 




“14,000,605,” Strange replied, his eyes on Tony. They seemed pained, pitying, and apologetic, and it made Tony uncomfortable. 




“How many did we win?” Tony asked, biting at his bottom lip. 




Strange stared at him for a moment longer before he looked down at the stone. “One.” 




“Okay. How do we do it?” 




Strange shook his head. “It’s not us, Tony. It’s you.” 




He fiddled with the Eye of Agamotto for a moment and then met Tony’s eyes. “You can fix this. I know you can.” 




“Strange, what—” 




“Good luck, Tony. Remember, you can do this. Even in the times when you feel like you can’t.” 



…



March 1st, 2010



Tony woke suddenly, gasping and panting as harsh breaths forced themselves from his lungs. 


“It is 3:36am, you are in your bedroom in Malibu, Sir, you are safe.”


The familiar voice was enough to make Tony’s heart thud painfully in his chest and he automatically looked to the camera in the corner of the room. 


“J?” 


“Yes, sir?” 


“Fuck me, it’s good to hear your voice,” Tony murmured, a tear falling from the corner of his eye, sliding down his face into the plush pillow he was lay on. He didn’t know what was happening, only moment’s ago he’d been on Titan and… 


“J, what’s the date?” 


“March 1st, 2010, Sir.” 


“2010,” Tony repeated, mind whirling. “Really?” 


“Yes, Sir. Are you quite okay, Sir?” 


“What? Oh, yeah, I’m fine, J.” 


Tony sat up in his bed, running a hand through his hair. It was longer than it had been before he’d opened his eyes, which was a trip in and of itself, but given the amount of problems he realised he was going to be facing in the very near future, his hair was probably the least of his worries. 


He pulled his shirt off and closed his eyes when he saw the markings on his chest from the palladium poisoning. 


Well, at least now he knew where he was going to start. 


Eventually, he’d remake his Nanotech armor, but for now, stopping himself from dying seemed like a good place to start. 


… 


“Sir, I—” 


“So… this is going to sound nuts,” Tony said, as he sat down on his favoured chair in the workshop. “I’m from the future.” 


There was silence for a long moment. It was the first time ever in Tony’s recollection that JARVIS hadn’t been able to answer him immediately. 


“Even my AI thinks I’ve lost the plot,” he muttered, shaking his head. What in the hell had Strange been thinking? And why had he sent him so far back? 


Tony rubbed at his temple. He was a genius, he should understand this and yet, he was floundering. The Avengers hadn’t even met yet; hell, Steve was still an ice cube and would be for months yet. If Tony remembered right, the Valkyrie wasn’t found until October of that… this year. 


God this was a mess. 


“Right, J, I need the Stark Expo model brought in from SI. Have it shipped over as quickly as possible. And then, I need a new file opened on the securest private server I have, understand?” 


“Yes, Sir.” 


“Make this into a bullet list, J, so I can see if I can make sense of anything.” 


“Yes, Sir.” 


Tony rattled off everything he could remember, giving the closest approximations he could to dates. He knew as he spoke that it was going to be a delicate balancing act, on what to let happen, and what he had to stop in its tracks.


A small part of him was tempted to just withdraw himself from all of it, to get on with his life and leave them all to their fates, but he couldn’t actually bring himself to do it. As troubled as the last few years had been, or the coming years—fuck that was confusing—he knew that he could fix that. 


He could fix his own mistakes and derail some of the others. He could help with the foreknowledge he had, could maneuver things and people so that the hurt and the pain, the confrontations and arguments, could all be avoided. 


The Avengers could be what they’d had the potential to be. A team. Friends. A family borne of shared experiences and a common goal. 


“Sir…” 


“J, just… keep going. I need this all down so I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Time Travel Fix-It
Tony justs wants the team to be together and happy
More family/friendship than romance
The romance is secondary
Huge Team!fic
Canon Typical Violence
Swearing
Infinity Stones
Spoilers for everything
But also
very much not canon at all
Author doesn't know how to tag omg
Minor-ish character death
Author indulged herself with everything. so much fluff and happy team.

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

