Chapter 1: Lonely at Home
    




Chapter Text
Peter sighed, walking up the building steps. Ever since he had joined the Avengers, he’d been exhausted. I’ve saved plenty of people doing it the way I have been. The Avengers, however, thought that protocol was just as important. Who cares, as long as you get it done? The only person who had agreed with Peter so far was Tony Stark. The Tony Stark. And Peter could almost swear that Iron Man himself had been checking him out. Must’ve been something behind me…
Peter got the keys out for his apartment, his hands even shaking a little, remembering the look he’d gotten when he’d walked in.“Hello, who’s this kid?” Stark eyed him up and down.Captain America chimed in. “That’s the new guy. Spiderman.” Stark nodded, gave him another up and down, and turned around, saying something into his watch and left to another room down the hallway. “Welcome aboard, kid!” The cap smiled at him expectantly. Peter looked around. He hadn’t really wanted to join, but that Fury guy didn’t seem too keen on hearing a no. “Hey, Liberty, are there any drinks here?” A laugh came from the room Stark had gone to. Rogers looked confused, but grabbed a water bottle from under a table. “So, anyways, your assessment went through, and we just want to work on your-” “Spangles! He doesn’t care about any of that.” Tony looked over at Peter, adding, “It’s all sciencey stuff, you really wouldn’t care.” He darted his head back to the data sheet. “Actually, I, uh, really like science, sir.” Stark frowned, and then looked back up. “Yeah, I can see that you interned at Oscorp. Well, I suppose if you want knockoff things. Although, I hear they have killer lizards.” Peter chuckled. “I’ve gotta run kid, don’t let Stars and Stripey over here ruin your time.” With that, he winked, and left. Peter thought he saw him look back, and right at his bum, it seemed, but then Captain America spoke up. With a look of annoyance on his face, he led Peter to another room. “As I was saying, your tactical combat skills in a group have yet to be tested…” 
And for six and a half hours, Peter fought (well, pretended to fight?) some holograms, and every time he or his hologram buddy missed, an electric shock would tell him he’d been ‘hit’. And his ‘buddy’ got in the way a lot.
Throwing the Avengers training suit off to the floor, Peter was stripped down to his socks and briefs. He dropped to his small mattress. He flung a web to turn out the light, telling himself he’d clean it up later, and took off the web shooters from his wrist. He laid there in the dark for a few minutes, tossing and turning. Only one way to calm down, I guess. He felt a familiar heat under the covers, and let his imagination start to run.
****Smut Ahead!****
First he thought of the very flexible Black Widow he’d met before, but after a few seconds and it did nothing, he looked for a new subject through his mind. He pulled and stretched himself, getting longer and harder with every stroke. Without any conscious thought, Tony Stark sprung into his mind’s eye. He was surprised at himself, but even more surprised when a bead of warm precum slipped from him. He used it to help himself, his thumb slipping over the ridge before his helmet going smoothly. He started picking up the pace, his breath getting heavy. He sat back and imagined Stark, on his knees, stroking him. Come on, Parker. We both know who the big boy is here. Peter turned himself around, face first on the bed, using his own knees and forehead to keep up. He changed hands, using his left to stroke, as he imagined Tony, first, gingerly sucking on his sac and moving his fingers over to his crevice. Peter almost gagged himself on his fingers, getting them slick. He hesitated. He’d never done this before. Still rubbing his hard erection, he slid his fingers over his hole, rimming it slightly. He gasped. He never thought of how good this could make him feel. Carefully, he inserted his middle finger. A sharp inhale was the only sound in the apartment, until a car with booming speakers passed. Peter snapped out of his fantasy for a moment, then changed his position, sitting up on the edge of his bed, spread open. He used some more of his own precum to moisten his fingers again, and the entered himself with two fingers, just under his sac. “Ohhh. Fuck,” Peter groaned. It felt so good, as he imagined Tony himself easing into him.
He started lowering a third finger down, when sirens flew past his window. His ring finger just barely touched his entrance when he remembered his job. “Oh, fuck,” Peter said. He walked as best he could to his closet, feet thudding against the old wooden floor. He started to pull on his suit, and had trouble getting the suit over his still rock hard erection. He tucked his head into the elastic of the waistband for now. As uncomfortable as it was, he wasn’t going to have that plastered on the newspaper. He had just inserted the web shooters into their place when he heard movement in h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Iron Man/Spider-Man
Iron Man/Spiderman
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Spider-man/Captain America
Spideyshield
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Masturbation
Oral Sex
Dirty Talk
Fingerfucking
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Iron Man/Spider-Man
Iron Man/Spiderman
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Spider-man/Captain America
Spideyshield
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker

