Work Text:
"When you said destruction, you failed to mention he is the living definition of the word."Odin looks less than impressed at Loki's comment, not that Loki really cares all that much for what makes the Allfather happy. "We have a deal, sorcerer. Your works lies before you."  To emphasize his point, Odin gestures to his rampaging son. "Do not waste my time."Thor, only heir to the throne of Asgard, is a berserker, the most ferocious warriors known to the nine realms. But berserkers have a major flaw, the reason they are used only as a last resort, and the evidence of that is spread out across the battlefield Loki now has to traverse. The enemies are dead, half of them nothing more than charred bits of flesh thanks to the lightning Thor is still throwing around. Without a target, Thor is simply lashing out, turning the terrain, which had a few hours ago been a wide open plain, into a waste land."Oh my," Loki says, too softly for Thor to hear over the loud roars he seems to have deemed are necessary. "How have they allowed you to remain unchained for so long?" Even with his position as Prince to fall back on, this level of destruction would have long ago called for Thor to be locked away.Thor spins, lightning arching off his skin, and his eyes land on Loki, who has just enough time to brace himself before Thor's hand wraps around his throat. The man can certainly move surprisingly fast for someone who carries around so much bulk. He roars in Loki's face, his pupils blown wide by the Rage.Loki wraps his hands around Thor's wrist, the cold radiating off his skin causing Thor to pause in wonderment for the brief moment Loki needs. "So eager for a fight?" Loki chokes out. "I can certainly offer you one."Even in his base state, Loki sees the recognition in Thor's eyes that this is no normal challenge. Thor lowers him enough that Loki can stand on tip toe, but the hand does not leave. "I can give you a new kind of fight, one I doubt anyone has thought to offer you."Thor wants to pound him into the ground, Loki can see it (and if everything goes according to plan, that is basically what will still happen, only with Loki walking away at the end of the encounter), but the thrill of a new challenge stops Thor's hand. He shakes Loki roughly, eager to draw forth this promised fight from the Jotun currently at his mercy.Loki moves one hand to Thor's cheek, the gesture oddly gentle amid the desire for violence. It confuses the dull creature, who leans into the touch questioningly. The smile that crosses Loki's face is particularly vicious. Thor's eyes go wide, and he tries to throw Loki away, but potent ice magic slams into the warrior, knocking him onto his back.Loki straddles him before Thor has a chance to stand, ice forming around the berserker’s hands and feet, buying Loki a few precious seconds. In a very unsubtle move, Loki rolls his hips back against Thor’s hard cock trying to nestle itself between Loki’s cheeks. “I see battle excites you in more than one way. How lucky for me,” Loki taunts.Thor lets lose a roar that shakes the very earth. It feels as if someone has just punched Loki in the gut with the way his breath is suddenly gone. He does nothing to stop Thor as he rolls them over, his hard cock pressing against Loki’s hip. Thor growls, his face so close their noses are almost touching. Loki fights to keep his fear in check. He had known Thor’s Rage was powerful, ever before he had seen the Odinson fight, but having it focused only on him is a completely different experience. Fear fights to overcome Loki. He can feel his heart racing and the quickness of his breaths. If he lets it take control, then this will all have been for naught. A berserker cannot have a battle partner who succumbs to the Rage; that would defeat the whole purpose of having a battle partner in the first place.Thankfully, Thor seems too focus on this new form of battle to pay much attention to the struggle going on in Loki’s mind at the moment. He spreads Loki’s legs, wrapping them around his waist as he presses Loki against the hard dirt. Loki screams as Thor slams into him. He knows Thor is unable to focus on save for the chase of his own pleasure, he can feel Thor’s sense of satisfaction and triumph washing over him as if he wore the emotions on the too warm skin brushing against Loki’s. All he has to do is hold on until the end.Loki very nearly does not make it. Thor’s stamina, unlike most Æsir stories, does not seem to have been exaggerated. The Odinson continues to pound into Loki’s body, Loki’s nails at his back and teeth biting at his neck only encouraging him. All the while, Loki wages a mental war with Thor’s Rage, chasing it down with appeals to logic and reason, but while Loki is one of the most powerful sorcerers the Nine Realms has ever seen, even his discipline is failing by the time Thor is finished.Thor’s climax brings with it one final push of Rage, a wave attempting to pull Loki down into its depths. But Loki clin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
Berserker Thor
Jotun Loki
Intersex Loki
Cunnilingus
Bonding
Mates
Mating

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga/Odin

