Chapter 1: Intro
    


Summary:

Venom is picked up by the Avengers and has to begin adjust to being 'kind of' an Avenger.



Notes:
So I'm ignoring Thanos and his face. Fun fics only. In that same vein, we're setting this a year after they figure out their civil war stuff, and keeping everyone at Avengers tower. (my timeline might be the slightest bit off, but it shouldn't matter too much). I also shifted some information to make everything make sense, eg. I make mention host shouldn't reject the symbiote to better explain how V was able to use Anne and the dog when all the hosts in the lab died. 
Please comment if you like it! Or if have questions, I'm happy to talk with you about any potential plot holes. :)




Chapter Text
Natasha tapped her computer, thinking. The Avengers had been contacted a few days ago by the San Francisco police department, and she'd taken on the task of researching the San Francisco Demon, as he'd been called by the people in the city over the past year he'd begun appearing.
Why had they taken a year to look into someone who was obviously a super of some sort? Because as outlined in the Accords they'd all signed, they weren't allowed to be vigilantes. They waited for a police department to call them in, and though everyone had been interested in the Life Foundation incident - Tony had muttered he'd always had a bad feeling about the other genius - they had done as they'd agreed and stayed away.
Now, a year after the incident, it seemed the incident had had lasting consequences. Nat was certain of the connection, though details on the incident were few and far between.
So far, she could gather this much: Some scientist had contacted reporter Eddie Brock about unethical human trials of an unknown nature. Why was it unknown? The rocket that had exploded had resulted in the deaths of most of the scientists. Or that was what the police had decided. The scientist that had called Brock was also dead, but seemingly from being forced into these unknown trials. Brock himself had been snuck into the compound and had managed to get out.
Later, he began acting erratically in public and was taken to a hospital - though all scans and tests related to that trip had somehow disappeared or been corrupted. There had been some chases through the city - supposedly Drake hunting down a reporter with picture evidence of people dead from medical trials. Oh, those pictures did exist, but Brock would be even more useful as a successful test subject. Because Brock - despite another hospital visit that no data could be gathered on - had survived, and somehow made it into the water around the rocket launch.
The story given by the man was that he'd been caught in the hospital and had escaped into the water when they tried to kill him for his knowledge. And then, several months later, the SF Demon started being sighted by people, and the police ignored it. Why?
All indications were that the demon hunted down child rapists, serial kidnappers, and other people no one would ever miss. They had finally called the Avengers on their dark vigilante when the first body had shown up the week before - headless.
Because that head had been eaten.
Nat was certain the Life Foundation incident and the Demon were connected. Not only did the timeline fit too well, but a genius trying to make people stronger and instead creating a monster (ish) was all too familiar. And the kills bore the mark of someone who - as Nat had learned from watching the reporter's show - would shy from attacking poor thieves and actually be able to track down the types of people this Demon managed to find. The only thing that didn't fit was the cannibalism.
Unsurprisingly, the children freed by the dark vigilante only considered him a hero, and said as little as little children could.
Apart from the eating people part, Nat also considered the man a hero. Clearly the police felt the same, for the most part. But he had to operate in the system, like they all did now. So it was Nat's job to hunt him down. She unplugged the Ethernet cord from her laptop.
She'd made sure to get a computer incapable of Wi-Fi connection, so the only way to hack into her computer when she wasn't actively using the internet would be to break into her room in the Avenger's compound. Much safer than trusting her internet history to the cloud. Her actual files were on another computer that she never connected to the internet. She placed this laptop on top of the other, then closed them into a puzzle box - one complicated enough that even if you knew how to crack it, you'd still have to spend a few minutes doing the actual moving process.
Then she left to find Tony or the Cap to let someone know she was leaving for San Francisco.
She found the Captain in the common room, but as he was busy making out with his boyfriend, she moved on to find Tony. He'd probably be in his lab, though he had been disappearing without telling anyone where exactly for the past few months. Nat had done
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
5+1 Things
venom meets the Avengers
Peter Parker & Venom are friends
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

