Chapter 1





Chapter Text
    James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes lives on the top floor of a six-story apartment building in a very hip neighborhood, which has gotten very expensive as the years have gone by, as much of Brooklyn seems to be doing these days. How expensive have apartments in Brooklyn gotten? Doesn’t matter. He’s owned the building since 1917.One man owning a building in this hip neighborhood for a hundred years may have drawn some unwanted attention by this point, but that’s all taken care of by his holding company through his various attorneys. They do the rent collecting and legal and tax business, he gets obscene sums of money deposited into his bank account with their fees deducted, and he doesn’t have to think about it. It’s the perfect situation for a vampire.The most feared and powerful vampire in Brooklyn, to be exact. Known in the supernatural circles simply as Winter, because vampires don’t talk their real names around. Also, it’s pretty fucking hard to strike fear into the hearts of anyone with a name like Bucky. Thanks for that, mom. Didn’t realize your son might be stuck with a cutesy kid name for actual eternity, did you.Bucky steps out of his building onto the street, wearing sunglasses, despite the fact that it’s just past six in the evening. The sun has already crept down below the western horizon, but the rays still bother his demon’s eyes, until the sky has fully blackened into night. And the sunglasses look really good with his long hair and black leather jacket. Which looks good with his thin, white, incredibly expensive v-neck t-shirt and tight, grey jeans (fashionably faded and distressed, of course, he’s a vampire not an animal).He is walking along, minding his own business (daydreaming about draining the life out of a human being till he feels the death spasm of their heart) when a neon-green tennis ball rolls past his well-worn black boot. Without thinking, he bends down and grabs it, stopping it right before it rolls into a drain.“Hey, nice catch!” a man’s voice calls out, from twenty yards away, or thereabouts.Realizing his mistake, Bucky extends the ball away from his body as if it’s something dirty, which it certainly is, and waits for the man to approach him. The lingering light in the early-evening sky is still blurring his vision, so he can’t actually see the man as more than a bluish, person-shaped blob till he gets closer.His fangs ache as he catches sight of a broad, muscular chest and trim waist in a tight, blue t-shirt. The very tall, very blonde man steps into full view in front of him, and his big, bright-blue eyes hit him like a Mack truck. Then the scent of wolf hits him with a similar impact. He feels his fangs retract, and he looks him up down with a distasteful expression as he hands back the offending ball.“Thanks so much,” the man says, with a big, stupid grin on his stupid, handsome face. “It was cool of you—oh, you’re a vampire! Neat!”“Yeah, I am,” Bucky hisses. “But I’d rather it didn’t get broadcast all over the fucking neighborhood, you idiot! Don’t they teach you about staying concealed at…werewolf obedience school, or whatever?”“Werewolf obedience school,” the stupidly handsome wolf-man laughs. “That’s funny! I’m Steve, by the way. I just moved into the neighborhood. What’s your name?”Bucky narrows his eyes behind his sunglasses. “Winter.”It’s technically true, since that is what he’s most commonly called among the other kinds, and he’ll be damned if he’s stupid enough to let a wolf find out his real name. Who knows who he’d repeat it to.“Ooh, cool,” Steve says, raising his blonde eyebrows. “That’s a good vampire name. I don’t have a wolf name, so I’m plain old Steve. Steve Rogers. I just moved into that building over there.”Bucky looks at the building, then back at Steve. “Do you usually tell strangers your full name and where you live?”“Not usually,” Steve shrugs. “But we’re neighbors, so you’re not really a stranger, you know?”“What do you mean, neighbors?”“Well, I saw you come out of that building, so we live across the street from each other. Neighbors.”“Perfect,” Bucky says drily. “Goodnight, Steve Rogers.”“Hey, wait,” Steve says, trotting to catch up with him. “Where you headed?”Bucky stops and glares at him, realizes the effect of the glare is lost behind his sunglasses and removes them, then glares at him some more. Steve blinks and his mouth opens and shuts.“What?” Bucky says irritably.“Hm? Oh, uh…I was just asking where you’re off to. I don’t know the neighborhood yet, and I thought it might be somewhere interesting.”“I’m going hunting, Steve,” Bucky says. “I can’t eat people food twenty-eight days a month and call it good. I need blood. Really soon.”Steve cocks his head to one side, in an absurdly canine manner. “Is that why you’re so cranky?”“I’m not…cranky,” Bucky replies, realizing mid-sentence that he is indeed, very cranky. “Anyway, if I am, it’s because I’m not used to being bothered first thing in the evening by some big, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Eddie Brock | Venom
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
More characters to be added
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
background sam/clint
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
not brothers in any way
not an incest ship
seriously
Minor Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Nonbinary Character
Intersex Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Eddie Brock | Venom
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov

