Chapter 1: The Phone Call
    




Chapter Text
In the end, it wasn’t megalomaniac scientists, or terrorist organizations, or Norse Gods hell-bent on world domination. It wasn’t Doom bots, or mutated creatures, or destructive aliens. It wasn’t even something out of this world.Pure, simple annihilation. In the end, all it took to bring Captain Steven Grant Rogers to his knees, was a goddamn phone call.  ###  It was amazing just how much trouble six-year-olds could find when they were motivated. Knowing that, and wanting to prevent the trouble if possible, Steve kept a watchful gaze on the little boy playing in front of him, dividing his attention neatly (if not entirely equally) between a happily entertained Peter and his own novel. It was a thriller that he’d only just started, but the author had managed to reel him in from the very first few sentences, which he almost regretted since the majority of his attention was dedicated to his son. Just the thought made a smile curve his lips. This wasn’t a life he could have ever predicted for himself, but at the same time, it was a life that he was constantly grateful for having. He had a beautiful, amazing girlfriend – and every day that he was with the infamous Toni Stark, he found himself falling deeper and deeper in love with the woman behind the name – and they had somehow ended up leading a group of the Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, and that had been enough for him. But Fate had intervened, as she was wont to do, and Toni had one day saved a little boy from an attack that had already wiped out the rest of his family; the very moment that Steve had seen her curled protectively around the three-year-old, he’d known that their lives were about to change again, and true to form, barely a month had passed before he and Toni were adopting Peter to cap off their little family. It wasn’t conventional by any stretch of the imagination, but this family was his, and Steve loved every moment of the time he spent with them. “Oh man, you’ve got that stupid, sappy look on your face,” a teasing voice drifted over the air, making Steve grin despite the words. Bucky was pulling an exaggerated face of disdain, but his eyes were warm and happy. “Thinking about your girl genius again?”Steve wasn’t sure he would ever fully understand the friendship that had blossomed between his lover and his best friend. Only six months ago, Bucky had been on the run, avoiding everything and everyone as far as possible for fear of losing control over his HYDRA programming. It had been Toni who had eventually tracked him down, once Steve had swallowed his pride and asked his resourceful girlfriend for help, and Steve had spent the better part of two weeks convincing his childhood best friend to come back to the tower with him. By all accounts, there should have been at least a little bit of wariness between Bucky and Toni, especially since the Winter Soldier programming had been so difficult for the former to throw off. More than that, after the fall of SHIELD, Toni had discovered that the Winter Soldier was responsible for her parents’ deaths. There was no reason for them to get along, and Steve had braced himself for a tug-of-war between his past with his best friend, and his present and future with the love of his life. Against all odds, however, Toni (who had trust issues stacked higher than the Avengers tower) had taken one look at a skittish and apprehensive Bucky, and welcomed him with open arms and easy acceptance. Much later, she had admitted to Steve that, looking at Bucky, it had become obvious to her that there was nothing she could do or say that would punish him more than he was punishing himself, even though it was something he hadn’t even had control over, and she’d wanted to make it easier instead of harder for him. It was, in retrospect, not unlike how Toni had befriended Bruce, by not judging the scientist based on a part of himself that he couldn’t control, but the real surprise had been how Bucky had responded. Not only had the man, reticent around everyone except Steve, allowed Toni to work on his arm and then eventually replace the bulky, HYDRA-made model, but he also willingly ventured into the genius’ workshop on an almost daily basis simply for conversation. The two could talk for hours about cars or mechanics, and according to Bucky, Toni was the best person among them to ask for help transitioning to all the new technology and era developments. It had been difficult not to be wary at first, and indeed, he’d had several moments where he’d wanted nothing more than to duke it out with his best friend, history notwithstanding, but in time, Steve had managed to look past his jealousy. He’d seen Bucky smiling and laughing and being more himself than he had been in decades. He’d seen Toni come to grips with the past and let it go, in favour of a future. He’d seen two of his favourite people become thick as thieves, and with the help of Nat, realized that they had done it because o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Earthquakes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Kid Fic
Superfamily
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Tony Stark
Female Tony Stark
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Flashbacks
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Team as Family
Protective Tony Stark
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

