Chapter 1: A table for one
    




Chapter Text
Your anxiety flared as you climbed out of the cab, your toe almost catching on the curb as you called to the driver to keep the change. You stepped up on the sidewalk and stared up at the high street moniker of one the city’s hottest restaurants. Bold letters marked its transparent facade; Spice. It wasn’t your first choice; you’d have chose a place more affordable and slightly less intimidating. You weren’t much for formality. Sure, you dressed nicely, making certain that you were pressed and primped, but you were no socialite. You were sure the menu would have you dreading your credit card statement.You sighed as you resigned yourself and approached the tall glass doors. The early stirs of the evening breeze ruffled your knee-length skirt beneath your pea coat. You gripped the thin leather strap of your purse, the beige leather clutch neutral enough to match the magenta wrap dress Tandi had lent you. Your own wardrobe had long been purged of garments befitting a date. You had sworn off men after your last relationship; almost two years ago and were content to live by your own rules. Your nude heels clicked on the pavement as you pulled the thin metal handle of the door and slipped inside.You had tried to excuse yourself from the night but Tandi had been insistent. You still weren’t ready for a date, especially a blind date. Even if it led to nothing, you didn’t want your hope to be built up only to find yourself as deflated and depressed as your last boyfriend had left you. ‘Come on. It’s been two years.’ ‘Mike was an asshole.’ ‘You’re too young to be a spinster.’ Tandi’s arguments had thoroughly shamed you into agreeing to the date and you had to admit, your apartment was growing rather lonely these days. Besides, she said Danny was a nice guy. And cute. You had seen his picture and you wouldn’t turn him away without a closer look.You approached the podium-like desk where the hostess stood. Her sleek blond ponytail made your low chignon seem frumpy. You smiled and greeted her with as strong a voice as you can muster. “Um, reservation for two. Under Y/N.” You watched her scan the tablet for your name and her blue eyes flicked back up to you.“You’re the first one here,” She announced, “May I take your coat?” She asked and you chewed your lip nervously. You were always painfully early.“Yes,” You awkwardly removed your coat and dropped your purse in the process. “Please,” You handed her the jacket before retrieving your bag. “Sorry.” She took your coat, retreating to the front closet to hang it with those of other guests and returned to you. She guided you into the dining room, passing the bar lit by pale LEDs and you glanced around nervously at the other diners. They certainly outclassed you. “This is you.” She waved to a table for two, “Can I get you a drink to start?”“Just water please,” You answered as you sat. She nodded and turned away, diligently going to get your order. You touched your neck as you looked around, the buzz of voices slightly comforting. The hostess returned, bringing a menu with your wine glass of water and informed you that a server would be with you shortly. You checked the time on your phone. He would likely be there in a few minutes, you told yourself.The server arrived thereafter and you informed him you were waiting for someone, assuring him you were fine with just your water for now. You bent your ankle, twirling your foot anxiously under the table as the clock ticked by. Ten minutes. Maybe it was traffic. It was Friday night after all. Another ten passed and you spread your fingers over the tablecloth, suppressing a sigh. You took out your phone and saw a message from Tandi.‘Hey, how’s it going?’ the text read and you swiftly thumbed a response, ‘He’s twenty minutes late.’ Your phone vibrated in your hand as she sent a second message, ‘He’ll be there. Don’t worry.’You tucked your phone back in your purse and looked around. A proper drink would calm your nerves but you couldn’t find your server. You could flag down another but you didn’t want to treat them like they were interchangeable or inhuman. So you waited, occasionally peeking around for the man in the pressed white button-up. It had been half an hour and you were struggling to sit still. You stared at your phone screen. Nothing.A shadow moved beside you and you looked up, hopeful that your server had finally return. Instead you found a blonde man, clean shaven with sparkling blue eyes, his hair combed back neatly. He wore a dark blue button-up and a perfectly tailored jacket, emanating an air of authority. As if no one had ever told him no. You recognized him but he wasn’t Danny.“Have you been helped?” He asked with a flawless smile, “You look a little…lost.”“Um, my date is just late. I wanted to, um, get a drink,” You said meekly, touching your jaw nervously as you spoke. His eyes followed the movement of your fingers and you quickly rescinded them, tucking your hand unde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
okay so i know it's kinda plain at first
but i promise you
shit will get wild
and weird
and kinda creepy
and i'll keep you updated

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

