Work Text:

There’s a snow day about two weeks or so since Peter’s met the Rogues, and he’s praising all known entities that he doesn’t have to go in and do the Spanish quiz. He’s been staying with Tony more often than usual since the arrival of the rest of the team, and May’s even given in and slept there a few times. The Rogues are still blissfully unaware of his and Tony’s true relationship (at least, that he knows) and they’re happy to keep it that way.

After a (mostly) not awkward conversation about feelings and titles, Peter had admitted to wanting to call Tony ‘Dad’ for a while, but thought it would be weird. He swore Tony was about to cry when he told him, and was dragged in for the biggest hug he’d ever received from the man. Safe to say that Tony didn’t mind being called Dad.

“Dad! Look at the snow!” Peter bursts into his father’s room without hesitation, already knowing Pepper had left for work and Tony had actually slept at a reasonable time the night before. “The balcony is completely untainted. Not a single footprint, but perhaps some bird poo.”

The man groans, rolling over in his bed. “Five more minutes, kid. Let me sleep.”

Peter rolls his eyes at the dramatics, but sighs exaggeratedly anyway. “Fine, I’ll go see if Uncle Rhodey will play with me instead, ‘cause he’s cooler.”

That causes Tony to sit up in alarm, bedhead almost as bad as Peter’s. “I’m cool. I’m the coolest person here. Cooler than ice.”

“That was the most un-cool thing I’ve heard you say.” Peter points out and is hit smack in the face with a soft pillow.

“Yeah, yeah, give me a minute to get ready.” Tony grumbles, softening when he spots his son’s excited grin.



“We have to build snowmen, Dad, it’s like… illegal not to build one on a snow day.” The team hears Peter’s voice as footsteps echo down the hallway. “Don’t you wanna build a snowmaaan?” He sings, skipping around Tony as they enter the room.

“It doesn’t have to be a snowmaaan.” Chorus Sam and Clint, and even Wanda, to the surprise of the others. 

“What? Disney is good.” Wanda mutters, blushing.

Peter beams at them while Tony chuckles. “Well, with that terrific ensemble, how could I refuse? But we’re not doing anything until you get food into your belly.”

His son groans but complies, practically sprinting to the kitchen to get himself a bowl of cereal. It’s mildly alarming how fast Peter is shovelling the Cinnamon Toast Crunch into his mouth, and Steve is half a second away from slapping the bowl off the kitchen island to save themselves a trip to the medbay from the inevitable choking session.

“You’re practically snorting the little squares, Pete, slow down or you’ll choke.” Tony barely looks up from his StarkPad as he gets his coffee. Steve is slightly impressed with Tony’s Dad-senses.

“How do you feel about French toast, Peter?” Steve asks, polite as ever. “If you’re going out you’d best be filled.” Call him old fashioned, but he’d always preferred a home-cooked breakfast.

“Yes, please!” Peter excitedly replies. “And for Dad too, please, he never eats enough.”

“False information, I eat all the time.” Tony interrupts, holding up his pack of blueberries and cup of coffee to prove a point.

“Oh, sorry—he never eats enough 

actual

 food.” That earns him a blueberry to the face, but Peter just opens his mouth and catches it without hesitation. “Thanks for the blueberry.”

Steve freezes in his place of plopping a piece of bread into the egg and milk mixture, astounded. Peter wasn’t even looking at Tony when he let loose the blueberry, and at that speed too? Peter’s got quick reflexes that rival even Natasha’s. Again, he becomes a little more suspicious that Tony isn’t telling them the full story of Peter, but chooses to let it go for the moment.

“By the way, Vision’s finally finished with the overseas stuff in Wakanda, and should be back soon.” Tony informs the team when everyone gathers around for Steve’s cooking, but he’s mainly aiming the PSA at Wanda. “Princess Shuri’s been working on reprogramming him to make the synapsis work collectively, which is something Brucie and I didn’t think of.”

The mention of the still-missing scientist puts a little damper on their moods, but Peter’s cheeriness breaks that somber atmosphere. “Princess Shuri is so cool! I’ve seen her work with the remotely controlled vehicle technology, and it’s like nothing I’ve ever seen before. No offence, Dad, your stuff is also cool. But 

vibranium,

 man—”

“Alright, alright, you can talk about how cool Wakandan technology is 

after

 you eat your food.” Then Tony promptly stuffs a spoonful of cereal into Peter’s open mouth, causing Peter to jerk in surprise, making a muffled noise before swallowing. His whole face is red in embarrassment, and now it’s Peter that flicks a blueberry at his father, causing the older man to laugh.

The team laughs good-naturedly at them as they dig into their own breakfasts. Peter is the first one done, to no one’s surprise, and pokes at Tony’s arm to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
no beta we die like men
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fix-It of Sorts
Father-Son Relationship
Snowball Fight
Fluff
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
Team Cap friendly
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes
u don't have to read the series to understand but it would make me happy :)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

