Chapter 1: Strangers to Friends
    


Notes:
This idea just wouldn't leave me alone, it has been plaguing me for weeks now. It has too much potential to put off any longer. This thing is loaded with Marvel characters but is centered around you know who. I hope you enjoy it!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

17 years ago...
Farbauti sighed as she pulled into the driveway of the new home. She turned when she heard a similar sound from the backseat; she mustered up as much of a smile as she could for her 8-year old. Laufey’s death had been hard on them both and in need for as much as a new start as possible, she chose to move the incomplete family from their homeland of Sweden to a small neighborhood in America - Boston, Massachusetts to be exact.“Vi är här, mitt hjärta.” she said.Loki looked out the window and sighed again before unbuckling his seat belt and opening the door. Farbauti got out too and walked up to the front door just as the movers arrived.Loki sat on the edge of the sidewalk and stared into space as burly men hurled their entire life into the empty shell of their new home. They had buried his father only a month prior and it still hurt as if he had died yesterday - he was so lost in his familiar grief that he failed to notice the small girl bounding over to his location and standing right in front of him.“Hi!”Loki startled and looked up at her. “Hej. I-I mean hi,” he responded quietly, his accent thick.“You talk funny, where are you from?”Her hair was blonde and her eyes shone a deep blue. “Sweden.”The girl whistled. “A long way away from home. I’m Sigyn.” Sigyn held her hand out.Loki reluctantly reached out and shook it. “Loki.”“Loki,” she repeated. “Well my friends and I are about to play soccer - its football in your country I think - and we need one more player to even it out. Care to join?”Loki looked down at his attire, he wore plain sneakers, baggy shorts, and a striped t-shirt, it was okay play material. He wasn’t sure though, it was mid-July and the weather was so much hotter here than back home.“Loki, you are making new friends already?” His mother smiled, her arms around a medium-sized box.“Hi!” Sigyn waved enthusiastically at Farbauti. “We’re about to play at the park down there,” she pointed to the edge of the neighborhood a few houses down. “Can he come? My mommy is gonna be the watching us so we got an adult.”Farbauti smiled. “Of course. Stick with her and be home for dinner. We’ll go out and eat.”“The Odinsons are having a barbecue later. Mr. Odinson’s burgers are to die for. I’m sure Miss Frigga will come to you anyway Mrs. -”“Laufeyson.” Farbauti smiled.“Laufeyson.” Sigyn repeated. “She always brings a new neighbor some of her apple pie.”Farbauti chuckled. “I’ll keep an eye out for her.”Loki didn’t have a chance to respond after that before he was dragged away by a very excited Sigyn. They were at the park in no time, Sigyn pulling Loki over to an equally as blonde woman. “Mommy this is Loki. He’s from Sweden. He’s gonna play with us.”The woman gave her daughter an exasperated smile, knowing that Loki may not be here against his will. Her daughter was very persistent. “Nice to meet you Loki. You can call me Mrs. Nal.”“Nice to meet you Mrs. Nal.” Loki replied quietly.Next he was hauled over to where a group of kids around his age - such a contrast from his old neighborhood - who were already kicking the ball back and forth.“Everybody! I gots us our player!” Sigyn shouted to them.A pale, dark haired and dark eyed girl raised her brow. “When you said you were going to search the block for a new player I didn’t think you were serious.” She shook her head and stepped forward. “I’m Darcy.” She clapped him on the shoulder before turning to introduce the rest. “The other boy is Svad. The girl with the weird hair -”“Hey!”“- is Ororo. Miss Greek here is Elektra. The mean looking one is Angrboda, but please call her Angie or she will hit you. Blondie number two is Carol, or Carrie. That’s Marcia and that’s Wanda. And you are?”Loki was feeling overwhelmed and ducked back shyly.“This is Loki. He’s from Sweden.”It seemed as though that would be the permanent introduction line.“Sweden? Sounds sexy.”“Do you even know what that means?” The Greek girl, Elektra, rolled her eyes.“I heard it on TV, does that count?”“Let’s just play.”“Do you wanna be a goalie or a kicker?” Sigyn smiled at Loki.“Um...”Darcy snorted. “He’s on our team and Angie’s too rough to be a kicker so she’s the goalie.”The park was mostly designed for kids and the goals set up were a fair distance apart but not enough to be too taxing for the youngsters. As he moved into position next to Sigyn, he looked over to where a similar size group was running around, a brown, oddly shaped ball in their clutches.“Those are some of the other kids, they’re a year older than most of us. They’re playing American football.” Sigyn told him.A blonde boy - rather large for being only a yea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Loki/Svadilfari (implied)
Sigyn/Steve Rogers (implied)
Loki/Victor von Doom (now past)
Thor/Amora (past)

freeform: 
Kid!fic beginning
Past Memories
Underage in the sense that both Loki and Thor are teenagers when they're first together
Intersex Loki
Mpreg
Singer/Songwriter!Loki
Actor!Thor
Actors
Musicians
Models
Hollywood
Some douchebag!Thor
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
He won't stay that way forever I swear
Slow rebuild
Some characters have a few OC-ish tendencies but nothing bad
Pining
Language Kink
wet dreams
Blow Jobs
mentions of anal sex
Crossdressing
Masturbation
Violence
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Poorly prepared penetration
Some angst
Loki Feels
Loki Needs a Hug
Nightmares involving memories of Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Loki/Svadilfari (implied)
Sigyn/Steve Rogers (implied)
Loki/Victor von Doom (now past)
Thor/Amora (past)

