Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text

Steve likes to see him. 

 

When they’re together, he always has Peter on his back, the man kneeling between the spider boy’s legs. He’ll stare into Peter’s eyes and they’ll stay like that, getting lost in chocolate, honey brown and and crystal, ocean blue. Peter breathes him in and knows Steve is doing the same, and they bask in the heat and the warmth and memorize each other’s faces, as if they haven’t already. Chart jawlines and cheekbones and commit the shapes of noses and lips to memory like they aren’t already burned into each other’s minds; body and soul immortalized in each other. 

 

Peter’s arms are wrapped around Steve’s neck, one hand grasping a broad shoulder, the other threading fingers through soft blonde hair. Their foreheads are pressed together, sharing breath as Steve eases into him, gripping his hips tightly. That’s the only thing that’s ever harsh, ever firm. Steve’s grip. Everything else is slow and gentle, cautious and precise, but not his hold. Finger shaped bruises form on Peter’s waist and tummy, his thighs, sometimes his wrists; but they never last. They fade quickly (thanks, spider healing) and Steve always kisses them before they go. 

 

Peter’s stretched well and he crosses his ankles at the top of Steve’s ass, pressing his heels into the small of the man’s back, encouraging him to move a little further, a little faster. Steve’s not small; his mass towers over Peter, engulfing him-- and his cock is no different. It’s thick and long and presses deep and huge inside Peter, burning just right, filling him up. Pulsing heat and making a home inside the small boy, Steve buries himself to the hilt. 

 

He takes his dear sweet time, lube and precome easing the way, the man tilting his head and dropping it lower so he can mouth wetly at Peter’s neck. 

 

“That’s it, baby, that’s it,” he whispers, planting kisses on unblemished skin. Peter sighs contentedly, biting his lip, his eyes falling closed. He lets Steve push deep until his whole length is sheathed in the younger, pausing. The soldier lets them wait, lets them sit. Unmoving, unhurried; connected. 

 

Steve gives a tentative little tug out, just an inch or so, and a slow thrust back in. Peter whimpers, even that small action rubbing against his sweet spot. He pulls Steve closer, tighter, his breathing picking up. Steve merely smiles against his skin and leaves more kisses. 

 

This is how they do it; how it always goes. So slow, too slow. Too gentle and too soft and it drives Peter crazy. He loves it. He can lift buses, he was crushed under an entire concrete building and the worst effect it had was fear. Yet Steve treats him like he’s delicate. 

 

Like he’s fragile, breakable. Drags it out, taking every second and movement together one at a time, the most tender motions and affectionate touches. 

 

Peter had wondered once if that might annoy him, having to fight for respect and to be taken as a serious, capable hero. It doesn’t. He stopped wondering that after their first time together. It was Peter’s first time, ever, and Steve has only been consistently gentle and languid ever since. The boy loves it. Treasures it. Treasures the way Steve treasures him. 

 

Treasures the man in return. 

 

Steve slides himself all the way out, the entire length of his cock rubbing softly against Peter’s sweet spot. The boy whimpers, feeling tears budding in his eyes, and grasps desperately at Steve’s shoulder, his neck. Peter clings to the man with broken, breathy, feminine moans. The soldier pumps in and out of him so painfully slow that the boy feels dizzy after just a few minutes. 

 

“S-Steve, ah, ah-” He gasps. He’s panting for breath, trying to catch air for his lungs but barely getting anything before Steve’s tortuously gentle thrusts steal it all away. 

 

“Easy, shh, easy. I’ve got you, precious boy. I’ve got you,” the man coos. Peter whines needily, wrapping his legs tighter around the man’s waist. He resolves to losing himself to the pleasure, the way he always does. Lets his mind cloud up with the sweet burn and perfect fullness of Steve inside him, the man’s thighs rubbing against his own as he drags his hips back and forth. The blissful bruising hands on Peter’s waist. 

 

He drops his head back onto Steve’s pillow and moans. He’s not loud, comparatively, but loud enough for Steve to know that the boy beneath him is letting go. Peter’s mouth falls open and he pants for air, his doe eyes still squeezed tight, thighs shaking, pressure pooling thick and heavy in his belly. 

 

“Doing so good, baby. So good for me,” Steve groans, dragging his teeth lightly across Peter’s skin. His smooth tongue wets the boy’s neck with short kitten licks, lips pressing uncoordinated and easy over the expanse of his throat. Peter’s shaking, now. His body trembles with need and he wants to beg but he knows his voice won’t work. All he can do is moan, wavering and shattered and high pitched, even in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Gentle Sex
Rough Sex
Rimming
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Crying
Coming Untouched
Praise Kink
Aftercare
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Not Canon Compliant
does this count as poly?
Polyamory
Porn with Feelings

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

