Chapter 1: hElp
    


Notes:
Basically compliant up to and including Homecoming, the difference being that everyone made up after the Accords, cos ain't nobody got time for that.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
egglayer: dude dude dude dude dudelegobutt: wHategglayer: im screwed helphElph e l plegobutt: guy-in-the-chair screwed or got-an-F screwed?egglayer: pls I would NEVER get an Fbut yea im not dyinglegobutt: we talked about this you need to CLARIFYegglayer: but im GOING to dienext Fridaylegobutt: o no ☹ ill cry at your funeral, cant u move it to Saturday tho? School trip Fridayegglayer: N E Dthat is the pr ob lemlegobutt: dude u kno I can spot you if you need cashegglayer: haha no, thanks but im good now that Mr. Stark’s paying methe p r o b l e m iswe’re going to the frickinAVENGERS COMPOUNDlegobutt: WHATDUDE IM FREAKING OUT THAT IS AWESOMEegglayer: ned this is not the support i needbeing exposed is not!! awesome!!!legobutt: maybe you should have thought about who you contacted for support bcos likeif i wasnt bed-bound id be doing a little jig rn nglHQ for cutting-edge Stark tech?!?! how the hell did the school swing this??egglayer: uh ask nichols i think he’s gonna break his spine patting himself on the backbut in reality itll be part of the outreach programtheyre tryna b ‘friendly’ after the Accordsand I was like ‘gr8’ bcos it WANSNT MEANT TO AFFECT MEplus they need more people in specialized superhero tech so theyre tryna ~inspire the youth~legobutt: dude the avengers compound do you know how sick that is to like a normal teenageregglayer: yes yes i do because when nichols announced it everyone else was like hOlY sHiT while i was just trying to die and then flash turns around with this Big! Fat! Grin! and looks at me like Eat Actual Shit, Parkerlegobutt: dude why aren’t you psyched about this? it’s an SI facility and you stay over every other weekend, people know you, come friday u can tell Flash to Eat Actual Shitegglayer: bcos Ned there isnt a real INTERNSHIP!!!! ITS A TOP SECRET SUPERHERO SHITSHOWthe staff who know me basically think im Mr. stark’s pet project?? or possibly his illegitimate child tbh the way they look at me sometimes, im one of TWO ppl on the payroll under 18so if flash is like “tell us about ur interns” to a tour guide theyre gonna be like “what, the MIT undergrads?” FUCKlegobutt: so youre a special boia special clever boiegglayer: weigh up the likelihood of flash believing that v flash psychologically beating my entire asslegobutt: hmyikesyikkersyikesumundoegglayer: help me. Helplegobutt: call in sick? ‘miss ive got explosive diarrhea’ the endegglayer: that just DELAYS the Oncoming Storm, plus if I get one more absence this semester my grades get docked ☹ ☹ ☹and then May won’t let me patrol any morelegobutt: peter not to be unsympathetic but you’re kinda worst-case-scenarioing here likehave you considered that this could be the c o o l e s t day of your lifecan u imagine Flash’s FACEif you walk in and Falcon is like “high-five”egglayer: nah sam greets me by trying to knock me over, we have a tally goinglegobutt: that’s EVEN COOLERegglayer: nO!!!! because a) the avengers are busy people they are my superiors theyre not gonna come visit my freakin schooltrip, b) if they DID then i) they’ll see me be Not Cool in class and respect me less which is a LOW BAR and ii) they dont treat me like an intern, im like halfway between colleague and problem child and THEY WOULD BE CRINGEY ON PURPOSE i know it, sgt. barnes is still sore from that time my webs gummied up his arm, so how would I explain that??? IM NOT BUILT TO LIE LIKE THIS NEDlegobutt: dude you’re just gonna have to dealor wear sunglasses and a cap so none of the Avengers recognize you hahatell IronDad not to embarrass you‘Petey you forgot your lunch’ haha can you IMAGINEegglayer: do NOT call him that ohmygodMr. Stark canNOT know, he’s a busy man he’ll be doing busy thingslegobutt: dude he owns like, the Avengers. he knowsegglayer: shit ur rightthere is no fun middleground here it is either humiliation or exposment!!legobutt: ur catastrophizing dudeegglayer: dont respond to my made-up word with multiple syllables u freakim NOTlegobutt: when was the last time you ate? you’re cranky. have a milkshakeegglayer: im not PREGNANTlegobutt: u sure? all those eggsegglayer: ha. hahahalegobutt: srsly dude you’re freaking yourself out. Chill. U talk to everyone, like /constantly/, so there’ll be /someone/ on the staff who knows you, which fits your PAPER THIN cover story, and they’ll say ‘hi peter’, not ‘hi mr starks conspicuously young ambiguous associate’. Tell none of the avengers to bearhug you, get one of them (please please please im BEGGING you) to say hi and maybe make physical contact because then you (we) are made for life, and make sure no dingus says “HEY SPIDER-PARKER ARE YOU BACK FOR TRAINING?”egglayer: that is totally something you would dolegobutt: words hurt peteegglaye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
pre Michelle Jones / Peter Parker

freeform: 
School Trip
Bullying
Humor
group chats
Avengers Family
Identity Porn
post-homecoming but everyone made up after Civil War
Field Trip

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
pre Michelle Jones / Peter Parker

