Chapter 1



Notes:
Hi to whomever reads this :)Critic reviews are welcome.Please point out any Errors for the betterment of the story.Do note the chapters will be of random length. I have never posted my writings before. .Am I a decent writer???Ok you may proceed with the storyBye Bye ;)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter sat on a building near the ferry he just destroyed, without his mask replaying the incident. Tony flew to the building, ‘Previously on Peter screws the pooch: I tell you to stay away from this, Instead you hack a multimillion dollar suit so you can sneak around behind my back, doing the one thing I told you not to do.’ Peter felt vulnerable, ‘is everyone okay?’‘No thanks to you.’Peters emotions got the best of him and he chose to speak his mind.‘No thanks to me? Those weapons are out there and I tried to tell you about it but you didn’t listen. Non of this would have happen if you’d just listen to me!’ Peter stopped yelling and mumbled, ‘if you even cared you’d actually be here.’  Peter leaped back in shock as Tony stepped out the suit.‘I did listen kid. Who do you think called the FBI? Do you know I was the only one who believed in you, everyone else said I was crazy to recruit a 14 year old kid. . .’‘I’m 15.’ Peter’s anxiety was spiking fast.‘No this is where you zip it! Alright? The adult is talking.’ Peter was startled at Tony’s shouting. ‘What if somebody had died tonight, different story cause that’s on you. And if you died, I feel that’s on me. I don’t need that on my conscious.’‘Yes, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I understand.’ Peter said quietly.‘Sorry doesn’t cut it.’ Tony said. ‘I just. . . I just wanted to be like you.’‘And I wanted you to be better. Ok i’ts not working I’m going to need the suit back.’‘For how long?’ Peter could not believe he had disappointed Tony this much.‘Forever.’ ‘No, no please please. You don’t understand this is all I have, I’m nothing without this suit.’ Peter pleaded.‘If you nothing without this suit then you shouldn’t have it, Okay? God I sound like my dad!’ —Tony Stark flew back to Stark tower screaming at himself internally. Rhodey entered the room watching as his friend stepped out of the suit and threw a brown bag across the room.‘Woah what put you in such a mood?’‘I screwed up!’ ‘I thought you went to help the kid.’‘Yeah and then I went “Howard Stark” on him.’ Tony gulped down the alcohol.Rhodey grabbed the bottle, ‘No drinking yourself away!’ ‘He is a crazy, selfless, doesn’t care about his safety or well being teenager.’ Tony swore himself recalling Peters facial expression. ‘I sent him home in pink pajama pants.’ He mumbled.‘Tony!’ Rhodey yelled in shock.‘I know, you don’t need to reprimand me.’ ‘Will you just talk to someone, like a therapist or even me. Seriously first Pepper, then the accords and now the kid. You are on the verge of a breakdown and you don’t even know it.’ ‘I’m fine. Pepper and I are on a break, we will work things out. The rogues are taking down Hydra and for once Cap is thinking with his head instead of his fists or shield, Ross can’t get them so long as he has no idea I’ve been tracking them.’ Tony defended himself. ‘See this is what I mean, you are dealing with everything yourself and you have guilt flooding you.’ ‘The kid messed up and I strictly set rules to prevent death, his and civilians because if he appears on Ross’s radar that’s it! He will either follow the accords or be a rogue. I am not bringing him into this. . .Civil War.’ ‘So if you took his suit, how are you going to ensure he’s fine?’ Rhodey questioned him. ‘Genius, remember?’ Tony said pointing to his head.‘Shut it, just tell me what you doing?’ ‘The day I met him, I saw his only other suit. I planted a housing unit a smaller less intense one to our suits. I can track everything just like I could in his old suit.’ He explained, making Rhodey sigh. ‘Crap Tony I don’t even know what to say to you.’ ‘Just give me that bottle.’ Tony made an attempt to grab it.‘No!’‘Fine!’ Tony grabbed his phone and went to the lab. ‘Friday how far along is my report on Peter?’‘Estimated 3 days for your complete report sir.’ Friday announced.‘I thought you would have done that the day you recruited him.’ Rhodey said, walking robotically into the lab.‘I had a few other priorities.’ Tony countered. ‘If you took away his suit, why are you building a new one?’ Rhodey asked, examining the metal spider logo.‘He will never stop being a hero, once I believe his ready again I want to bring him into the new Avengers initiative, without Ross and the Rogues.’ ‘Oh gosh Tony! You know the avengers are scattered, Thor is on Asgard with Loki, The Rogues are well. . . rogue! Vision keeps disappearing and Bruce. . .’‘I’m working on that.’ Tony responded. ‘Tony it’s been a year, the jet would be broken and dead, He could be anywhere in the Galaxy.’‘You told me I am a crazy genius, so let me work!’ He yelled. ‘Alright But. . .’‘Here comes th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Engagement
Spider-Man: Homecoming - Freeform
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Irondad

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

