Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The fire trucks raced by, down below.Peter watched them, focusing on steadying his breathing as they started to put out the beach that he had left on fire.He’d tried to put some of the fire out, sure, and the sand was super helpful for that, but then SI people started to show, and he didn’t have his mask on. Besides Happy, none of Mr. Stark’s employees actually knew his identity, and he preferred to keep it that way.So, instead of helping with the cleanup (like a responsible superhero, he thought somewhat self-deprecatingly), he sat atop the Cyclone at Coney Island.May and Ben had brought him here once.Shaking off that train of thought, he swung himself over the side of the roller coaster, carefully climbing down the wooden beams in an effort to not fall to his death. It was already really late, but, with luck, he’d be getting home at the same time he told May he’d be back.Though, that might not be feasible at this point, seeing as he was left with no way to get home.With his right webshooter jammed (probably for the best; his right shoulder was most likely dislocated and his wrist was either sprained or broken), he’d only be able to get home with one arm – and that was ignoring the fact that he had used up the last of his web fluid when he tied up Liz’s dad with the items he was able to salvage from the plane. And it wasn’t like he carried money with him all the time, so he couldn’t take a bus or call a cab.At least he had his...very-much-cracked-phone, which he managed to grab out of Mr. Toomes’ car before he went into the warehouse.The warehouse.
Dust.

Darkness.

Water dripping down his face.

Pillars pinning him below a mountain.

The groan of shifting metal-
Nope. Nope. Not going there.Peter touched the ground without too much trouble, and he started on his way, ignoring the dizziness and aching of his chest.Walking. He could do that – super easy. Just...left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot...He barely made it a block before he found himself stopping at a 7-11.Taking a moment to thank God for the separate bathroom outside, he opened the metal door and shut it behind him, locking it with the latch.He gripped the edged of the cool, used-to-be-white sink, trying to focus on breathing and not the way his broken ribs grinded together, the way the world tilted back and forth like a seesaw, or the way his head pounded.Nope. He’d get home, he’d sleep it off, and he’d go to school tomorrow.His life sucked.He looked up in the mirror, wincing at the harsh lighting of the bathroom...and then wincing at himself. His eyes were red rimmed, puffy, and glassy, and his hair looked like he had dried it with a wind tunnel (or, you know, maybe he had just stood on top of a plane – that would also be a plausible explanation). His pale skin was covered in grey soot – the same went for his fingers, though the pads of the fingertips themselves were bright red with recent burns.So...he would need a shower.Carefully, so that he didn’t disturb his right arm, he unzipped his hoodie and hung it over the empty paper towel dispenser. The red outerwear had made it hard to see, but now, standing with his blue long sleeve shirt on, he could see the puncture wounds and growing spots of wet scarlet.He lifted his shirt to see the injuries more closely. Three or four areas were leaking blood at that moment – the uncertainty in number because he could only see the lower two.A wave of dizziness nearly swept him off of his feet. Hastily, he let go of his shirt in order to hold the sink again.Did he have a concussion? Probably.Was the dizziness from blood loss? Also probably.He had taken biology Freshman year; he knew that this was a bad situation. He had never gone up against as big of a threat as the Vulture. Not even the first car crash he thwarted had packed as big of a punch. The cherry on the sundae was just the fact that black had started to cloud his vision.This was bad.His phone rang, echoing around the small bathroom and causing him to flinch. He answered the phone and put it on speaker without looking at the Caller ID. He grabbed an extra roll of toilet paper, thinking that, if he had a prayer of making it home, he had to at least staunch the blood flow. “Hello?”
“Hey, kid, are you still here?”
This was worse.“Hey, Happy!” Peter said slowly, wracking his brain for a quick way to end the call. “I- uh...where would ‘here’ be, exactly?”Smooth, Parker.
“What are you hiding? Remember that nothing gets past me before you lie again.”
“Pssh, what?” Peter started to unravel a section of toilet paper. “W-what would I have to hide?”
“You didn’t take anything, did you?”
“No, of course not! I swear, I would nev- ah!” He couldn’t bite back the yelp as he pressed the wad of paper against one of the stab wounds.There was a beat of silence, in which Peter found himself hoping that his phone had died. That way, he wouldn’t have to keep suffering through this phone call, and Happy couldn’t track him.
“Where are you?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Happy Hogan Has A Heart
My First Work in This Fandom
I really tried to get the Iron Dad to be natural and yet I think I went over the top
Peter Parker Whump
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
spiderson
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

