Chapter 1: The Avengers Are Decent Babysitters
    




Chapter Text

The Avengers Are Decent Babysitters
“Who is this and how did you get this number and why on Earth are you calling me at two in the morning?”“Is this Tony Stark?” a woman’s voice asks.“I’ll repeat myself only once. How did you get this number?”“This is May Parker, Peter’s aunt. He gave me your number in case of emergencies.”Tony quickly changed his demeanor. “What’s wrong? Is Peter okay?”“I don’t know. He didn’t come home. He went out patrolling, but we have a deal where he had to be home by midnight on weekends. And he didn’t—he hasn’t come home.” Aunt May hiccuped into the phone. It was obvious she’d been crying. “Can you—”“On it. I’ll call you once I know more.”“Thanks, Mr. St—” Aunt May began, but she was cut off by Tony abruptly hanging up on her.“JARVIS, get me eyes on underoos.” Tony spoke into the ceiling as he whipped out his latest StarkPad, bringing up the alert dashboard for Peter’s vitals. The Spider-Man suit’s AI, Karen, was strangely offline.“Mr. Parker has just entered the tower lobby. He doesn’t appear to be able to stand. Shall I call an ambulance?”“Don’t be ridiculous, I’ll go get him. Wake up Bruce and tell him to meet us in MedBay A.”“Of course, Boss,” JARVIS replied.Distantly, Tony could hear the loud alarm blaring from Dr. Banner’s room. He raced towards the private elevator, which JARVIS opened automatically for him. As it sped down towards the Avengers Tower’s lobby, Tony tapped his foot impatiently. It was Stark-designed, and one of the fastest elevators in the world, but it still felt too slow.“JARVIS, make a note to increase elevator speed.”“The elevator is already at maximum speed possible under current laws of physics,” the AI replied.“JARVIS, make a note to break the laws of physics and increase elevator speed.”“Noted.” If AI could roll their eyes, JARVIS would have certainly rolled his.After a nerve-wracking and improbably short elevator ride, Tony arrived at the lobby. He noticed the limp form of Spider-Man not far from the front door, suit torn and covered in blood, a pool of red forming beneath the teenager’s body. A security guard was rushing towards the teen at the same time as Tony, pulling out a walkie-talkie to call for an ambulance before he was stopped by Tony.“No ambulance, I’m taking him upstairs.” Tony gathered the boy in his arms bridal-style—even without the Iron Man suit, the scientist could easily support Peter’s petit frame.“Of course, Mr. Stark. I don’t know how he got in the building, he just—” the guard said, following Tony towards the man’s private elevator. The doors were still open, JARVIS having kept the elevator waiting.“I’ve got it,” Tony said, striding into the waiting elevator.The doors shut behind him and the elevator began zooming to the floor with MedBay A, which was located in the Avengers penthouse.“JARVIS, scan vitals.”“Pulse elevated but stable. Blood loss levels are concerning but likely non-fatal. Probable concussion. Breath shallow but unobstructed. Multiple visible lacerations. I am unable to take a full-body scan, as it appears that Karen is not functional.”“Damn. Is Bruce already there?”“Yes, boss. I’ve informed Dr. Banner that his patient has major blood loss and a probable concussion, and the doctor has set up the MedBay to accommodate Peter.”“It’s Spider-Man right now,” Tony corrects the AI. Bruce Banner, the mild-mannered scientist behind the incredible Hulk, didn’t know that Spider-Man was just a fifteen-year-old kid from Queens. Neither did the rest of the Avengers, and none of them had met Peter (though, except for Bruce, Thor, and Loki, they’d all fought either with or against Spider-Man in Berlin before both sides came to an agreement over a heavily-amended version of the Sokovia Accords).“Understood, boss.”The elevator doors dinged open and Bruce was waiting right outside with a stretcher. Tony laid Peter’s unconscious body on it and they rushed off towards MedBay A.“Is that Spider-Man?” Bruce asked as he slipped a heart rate monitor onto Peter’s finger. Because the Hulk hadn’t been in Berlin, he’d never met Spider-Man, though he’d heard about the web-slinger from Nat.“Yes.”“He’s smaller than I expected.”“Just help him,” Tony said anxiously, drawing an appraising glance from Bruce. Clearly Tony cared about the hero (or menace, according to the Daily Bugle).“I can start an IV and blood transfusion, but unless I remove his suit I won’t be able to look at the actual injuries.” Bruce sounded apologetic, knowing that Spider-Man kept his true identity a closely guarded secret.“JARVIS, cut video and audio recording and black out the windows,” Tony commanded the AI. Looking at Bruce, he added, “Nothing gets out of this room.”“Scout’s honor,” Bruce mumbled as he grabbed surgical scissors and began cutting through Peter’s suit.“You were never a boy scout. And be careful—his healing factor and metabolism is on par with Cap’s, so you’ll probably need higher med dosages.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kidnapping
First Meetings
Secret Identity Fail
Field Trip
Bullying
Deaf Clint Barton
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hydra (Marvel)
Torture
Light Angst
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

