Work Text:

Everyone liked Peter. Anyone who met him at the Compound couldn’t help but be taken in by the teenager’s infectious energy. He talked a mile a minute and had to be reminded to slow down, but he was well-liked. But everyone felt like there was some shroud of secrecy around the teen.

Tony had claimed that Peter was his intern. And something about Tony Stark didn’t scream ‘I need a personal intern’. And he was a kid in high school. Couldn’t Tony find an intern that was older?

“Maybe Pepper made him do it?” The group was sitting in the common room in the Compound. Clint was sitting on the floor, one leg stretched out with he held the other in a stretch. Nat was sitting on a chair, with Clint leaning back against the chair, his back occasionally bumping her leg, usually in a playful nature. Steve was standing behind the couch, his arms crossed over his chest. Sam and Wanda sat on the couch, a comfortable space between the two. Wanda was absent-mindedly braiding her hair. Everyone glanced at Steve who spoke. 

“What the hell are you talking about?” Sam asked, glancing at Steve.

“You know,” Steve said. “Take a kid under his wing, mentor him. That kind of stuff.”

“Tony Stark doesn’t seem like the mentoring children kind of guy,” Wanda said. Nat sighed and gave Wanda a soft smile. She came back to the Compound because everyone else did. But that didn’t mean the scars from her past didn’t make that decision difficult.

“Tony’s great with kids,” Clint said. “You should’ve seen him with Coop. He was great!” A thought then clicked in Clint’s head. “What color are Peter’s eyes?”

“Why the hell would we know that?” Sam asked.

“Brown,” Natasha said. Sam glanced at her and she shrugged noncommittally. She was a spy after all. 

“And what color are Tony’s eyes?” Clint asked. Steve raised an eyebrow. What was Clint getting at?

“Brown,” Natasha answered again. Clint smirked wickedly. Oh yeah, it was all adding up to him.

“What if the kid is his kid?” Clint asked. Natasha rolled her eyes but Sam made a face that meant it wasn’t unbelievable.

“Dude did have a scandalous past,” Sam said. “You couldn’t open a newspaper in the 90’s or early 2000’s without hearing about Stark’s partying ways.”

“It’s not that hard to knock someone up,” Clint said.

“You would know,” Natasha teased. 

“Hey I’m a married man,” Clint countered back, nudging back into Natasha’s leg. She smirked, but pushed him forwards with her foot. “But he could’ve knocked someone up and then just kept the kid hidden from the press. He’s got that kind of money.”

“I don’t know,” Steve said.

“Wasn’t his old man the exact same way?” Sam asked glancing back at Steve. Steve shrugged, grimacing a little thinking back to his ‘fondue’ conversation. God, Peggy should’ve just punched him then and there.

“I suppose it would make sense,” Wanda said. “He’s so nice to Peter. I heard him congratulating him on getting an A on a test.”

“I saw him ruffle the kids’ hair,” Sam said. “Definitely something a dad would do.”

“Guys I vetted Tony years ago,” Natasha pointed out. “There’s no way I could’ve missed something that massive.”

“Yeah but that was a decade ago Nat,” Clint said. “Maybe he found out after you vetted him.” Natasha pursed her lips, not quite believing the story. “Same hair color, same eye color, and look at how he treats him.” Steve was about to say something when Tony walked into the common room, Peter with him. 

“We have a Decathlon meet this weekend,” Peter was saying as they walked in. “If we win, it could buy us a ticket back to Nationals.”

“You’ll do great kid,” Tony said, ruffling Peter’s hair. Clint glanced at the others and mouthed ‘total dad move’ to which Sam nodded. “And how about that Spanish test?”

“It’s tomorrow,” Peter said. “I’ll study later.”

“And risk your aunt’s wrath when you fail?” Tony questioned, still not noticing the others watching them. “No can do. You’ll study now.” Peter pouted but then noticed the others sitting by the couch.

“Hi everyone,” Peter said waving at them. Tony barely glanced at them before going over to the fridge. 

“Hey Peter,” Clint said, a small smirk on his face. “What are you guys up to?” Peter crossed over to the couch.

“Mister Stark and I were working on the Iron Man armor,” Peter said. Clint fought back the frown that threatened to form on his face. Why would Peter call Tony something so formal?

“Why do you call him that?” Sam asked raising an eyebrow. 

“Call him what?” Peter asked confused. 

“Mister Stark,” Sam said. 

“Because that’s his name?” Peter asked, still confused. He didn’t know them all too well, but the question was definitely weird.

“Isn’t there something less formal to call him?” Clint asked. Natasha rolled her eyes. This was definitely not going where they wanted it to. Tony walked over and placed a hand on Peter’s shoulder. He noticed the confused look on Peter’s face.

“Barton are you weirding out teenagers again?” Tony asked, before looking back at Peter. “What’s up?”

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Rogue Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

