Chapter 1





Chapter Text
You cursed to yourself as you searched inside the cupboard. Down on your knees as you were halfway inside the lab table, looking for the samples you had taken the night before. They had been there, sealed and organized in vials, waiting to be tested, and now they were gone. Goddamnit, Bruce had been down your throat about them and you were finally done with all the other work he dropped in your lap that you had time for it. They were in no way pertinent but Banner seemed to think so. The man was hard to please; as a boss, he was competent enough but with the other guy poking him in the side, he could be quite testy.You heard the lab door open and close, followed by footsteps a few feet behind you. “Bruce, did you move my samples?” You called over your shoulder, bending lower as you searched further inside. You were certain your ass was on full display but Bruce never noticed much. He likely had his nose buried in another report, barely registering the disturbance of your voice in his small world. No answer.You pulled back, leaning on your heels and glaring over your shoulder. Your anger quickly fell to embarrassment as you found Steve staring at you; a coffee tray in his hand. A smirk peeked out from beneath his thick beard. Great. You had just wiggled your damn ass like bait for a fish…or more like a shark. “Oh, hey, Steve?” You reached up and pushed yourself to your feet. “I didn’t know you were coming today.”“Just going to see Tony. You know I try to pop in whenever I’m at the tower. And seeing as he’s such a fan of our local Starbucks, I figured I’d grab you a little something too.” He neared, stopping just beside you as you turned to keep an eye on him.You weren’t used to being alone with him. Bruce was usually here to act as a buffer but it never really kept him far. You didn’t like the way he looked at you. You had spied him with others and he was entirely different; the golden avenger, valiant and cheerful. But when he saw you, he changed. When he spoke with Bruce his voice remained even and his eyes bright; but with you, his jaw squared and his pupils widened just enough to be noticed. Even with other woman, you hadn’t seen the same demeanour; only good ole Steve Rogers.“Strawberry frap?” He offered. He had splurged; a venti. You weren’t sure you could afford the calories however, even if it was your favourite.“How did you know?” You tilted your head curiously.“A lucky guess. You seem like the type.” He waited for you to take the cup and you reluctantly accepted the drink.“And what sorta type is that?” You challenged as he took the straw from the middle of the tray and slid the paper off, popping it in the top of the drink himself.“The sweet type,” He smiled and you nodded, awkwardly turning away as you sucked through the straw. That was corny.“Well, unfortunately Bruce isn’t in yet.” You rounded to the other side of the table, “Did you need him for something?”“Nah, I just got him a coffee,” He placed another cup on the sterile metal counter, “And I can’t just come to see you?”“I’m his assistant. What on earth could I do for you?” You challenged dryly, searching around in the other cupboards as you sipped the rich strawberry frappuccino.There was no response however and you sensed a thickness in the air. Tension melded with heat and you slowly turned back to looked at Steve. His hands gripped the edge of the table as he bit his lip. He quickly righted himself as you met his gaze. “Well,” He glanced away guiltily, “You seem busy. I’ll let you be.”“Alright,” You set down the drink and opened the next cupboard, hoping it would encourage his swift departure. “Thanks again for the drink.”“My pleasure,” His voice was gravelly as he lifted the tray and headed for the door, “I’ll see you around.” He lingered for a moment before hitting the switch for the door and the whoosh let him out into the hallway. You waited for his footsteps to mark his exit before you slowly spun around and let the cupboard close. You sighed and grabbed the frap from the counter, staring at its rosy pink complexion; you couldn’t really be mad at him for being generous.………………….Steve’s visits grew more frequent. Almost every other day. Bruce often welcomed him as you tried to hide in the corner, looking through a microscope or fiddling with the floating screens as you went through your data. It was hard to do when the man continued to bring you little indulgences. Most days, it was another frappuccino, on cooler days a caramel macchiato or a hot cocoa. One day he had brought you a chai but you had to turn him away as it upset your stomach every time you tried it. He took note of that. You were tempted to tell him to stop but you didn’t want to be ungrateful and he always brought a black coffee for Bruce, too. This hardly classified as harassment.It was far from summer but by the time you got to the lab that day, you were covered in sweat. Jesus Christ what was wrong with you? Lately, you had been struggling
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Breeding Kink
Dark!Steve Rogers - Freeform
Dark fic
request
sherrybaby14
Sex Pollen
noncon
dubcon
Mentions of birth control
And abortive measures

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

