Chapter 1: The Plot Thickens
    


Notes:
HELLO and welcome back to this Modern!Bucky, Cap!Steve universe. Your response was overwhelming for "What's Left of Kisses," so I simply had to return to this universe and make sure everyone knew what happened to our darling Bucky after the events of WLoK's epilogue.   Please keep in mind that this is a sequel; it definitely will not make sense unless you read the first one!                                                                                    ***I hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I love writing it; it picks up right where we left off, from Steve's POV (and, fair warning, a LOT of this fic is about struggling with mental health, and I’m pretty sure Steve will at the very least make you very mad at some point with some poor choices......)   Notes  ** means a POV shift*** means a time jumpAlways check my beginning notes for pertinent trigger warnings; always let me know if you think something should have been tagged in the chapter notes, and I'm happy to add it!!  Warnings Mild violenceAnxiety/panic attacksReferences to past torture and surgerySuggestion of non consensual experimentation that leads to enhancementPTSD references




Chapter Text
 Bone-tired, still warm from the day’s victory, Steve isn’t thinking much of anything when he walks into his home, nothing at all on his mind but his sweetheart and how sweet he’s going to kiss him in celebration of  finally putting those Hydra fucks behind bars.“I’m home, babydoll!” He announces to the apartment, smiling when he hears the sound of the shower running.He has half a mind to strip out of this too small suit and climb into the shower behind Bucky, kiss his shoulders soft and easy, maybe help him get a little dirtier before they get clean.But then he remembers why Bucky hadn’t been with him on his trip to D.C. why Bucky’s probably in the shower at five in the afternoon, why there are six dirty teacups stacked up in the kitchen sink. Steve snorts to himself at the thought of a bleary-eyed Bucky shuffling through the kitchen wearing nothing but his softest socks and the shirt he stole from Steve a few months back. Shaking his head with fondness, he walks over to scrub the cups so Bucky can have something clean to drink out of.He hums happily to himself while he stands at the sink, his suit jacket now off and hanging off the back of one of his barstools, the sleeves of his shirt rolled up to the elbow; it’s not a tune he could specifically name, but it’s a light one, one that comes from deep in his gut, bubbling out as he swings his hips back and forth.It’s odd. Before he met Bucky, Steve wouldn’t have thought of himself as a dancer. But in the half a year it’s been since they started seeing each other, Steve thinks there’s nowhere he’d rather be than in the arms of his sweetheart, slow dancing in the living room while some song from the period of time where he was in the ice plays over the radio.He rolls his eyes at himself as he shuts off the water.  Sap. The shower’s still running, and Steve goes to change in the bedroom, loosening his tie as he walks. He opts for comfortable sweats and a loose shirt, knowing that Bucky will come out of the shower fully exhausted and ready for a nap, the hot water draining him as it usually has in the last few months.Things haven’t been quite the same since Hydra, not that Steve would expect them to be. This week’s bout with the flu is just another injury in a pile of bullshit that’s fallen on Bucky since Rumlow orchestrated his capture back in March.Bucky flinches at loud noises still, and -- even though Steve hasn’t drummed up the courage to talk to him about it yet -- often wakes Steve up in the middle of the night, screaming and sobbing and begging  someone to stop hurting him. Bucky never seems to remember those moments in the light of day, and Steve knows he isn’t qualified for shit to talk to him about it, so he just holds him when clouds pass over his face, holds him in their bed when he’s trembling, holds him and kisses him and promises earnestly that he’ll never let him go.He sits on the bed for a second and wipes his face, his own exhaustion heightening at the thought of drifting off for a nap with his boyfriend. Maybe when they wake up, they’ll both be up for a roll in the proverbial hay. It’s a tempting thought, and Steve immediately perks up; it’s helped along when the water shuts off.There’s a soft thud, as though someone lost their balance and fell against the wall. Steve rises to his feet, frowning, but that’s the only noise before there’s the definite sound of the shower curtain being pulled back and feet on the linoleum. Settle down, he thinks to himself, settling on the bed again. Half of him wants to be waiting at the door when Bucky comes out so he can scoop him up and carry him to bed, showering his face with kisses; half of him, the half that wins, tells him Bucky might find that infantilizing, even if Steve means it from an adoration
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky
History Teacher Bucky
Angst
Fluff
Smut
flangst
Comic Book Violence
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Jewish Maximoff Twins
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Sequel
Recovery
Past Abuse
Past Experimentation
Superpowers
Alternate Universe
Brief trouble in paradise
Therapy
Steve Rogers Will Fight Everyone - Including Himself
Dom!Steve
Light Dom/sub
Depression
Anxiety
Chapter 20 is epilogue
Canon disabled characters
Brief de-seruming
See chapter notes for detailed warnings
see series notes for overall warnings about the series

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

