Work Text:
It started when Steve was taking the subway back to his apartment in Brooklyn. He noticed a meager kid sit down across from him, who wore a worn-down A-2 flight jacket too big for his body. The kid himself looked maybe twelve or thirteen, while the jacket looked like a spitting image of what Steve would see back in the 40s. He reminded Steve of the old Steve, who would try on his best friend's attire late at night or early in the morning before Bucky would be gone again. The shirt used to taper down Steve's frail legs, while his hands got lost through the sleeves.  Steve's impulse suggested going to talk to the boy. Maybe he was a history buff, and they could bond while the boy talked fondly of interesting facts and Steve could relive them.  A flock of high school students came onto the subway on the next stop, one even accidentally sitting on the boy. The boy slunk away unnoticed, walked across the cart, and sat beside Steve. He whipped out an mp3 player from his pocket and closed himself off from the world once his headphones were in.  Thinking nothing of it, Steve stayed silent and made sure the boy wasn't sat on again. The kid must’ve have been quite a charmer, Steve decided. He’d got up when a mother and a child came in, and thought nothing of it. Then unsurprisingly, like all the other surprises Steve faced since the big wake up, the subway was suddenly assaulted by a giant—who was nine-feet tall and nearly twice the width. When he stepped onto the cart, he put a dent in the floor and went straight for the boy. The boy yelped, everyone screamed, and Steve whipped out his shield. As everyone shot out the door—mother and baby, high school students included—Steve knocked the man over his head, shoved his shield into the man’s jugular, and tried to restrain him. “Run!” He remembered shouting. Except the boy didn’t. Instead, he whipped out a brooding black sword, lips morphing into a scowl while his tired eyes glared at the giant “When I stab him,” the boy started simply, “you run.” When Steve blinked, he saw fur. Thick blazing fur, and two spiraling horns. The fight was as much a blur as the aliens, but Steve took an unconscious boy home. The half-man, half beast disintegrated, Steve treated wounds for himself and the boy, and the teen was gone before Steve woke up the next morning. --- Over the course of the next few weeks, Steve received tokens at his front door or inside his apartment. He had no clue how someone could break into his apartment unnoticed—and even wondered if he should give in and let Tony install a gaudy overzealous security system in his home. By the fifth token, however, Steve realized nothing was stolen and everything was a gift. The first gift was a brand new first-aid kit—while others varied between a Big Mac and French Fries, along with milk (Steve’s favorite order—so someone was definitely stalking him) or fresh fruit in his fridge, since he went through so much food. “So this guy breaks into your apartment and he leaves you hot meals and a first-aid kit.” Nat smiled devilishly one morning when they were taking a jog together. “I wouldn’t trust it. Either you have an overzealous fan that’s going to leave you a bag of hair soon or someone is trying to pull you into a false sense of security.” “People really do that?” Sam wrinkled his nose, finishing up a lap before coming to a bench that held all their things. “Like, real hair? Isn’t that a little messed up?” “I think she’s just kidding.” Cracking a coy smile, Steve wiped the sweat off his brow and downed a bottle of water. “People are willing to give you a lot of things,” Natasha assured. “Trust me. That’s pretty normal.” “In what realm of normal?” Sam’s eyebrows arched high in the air. Another smirk curled over Nat’s lips before she trudge toward the track. Steve followed after her. “On your left!” --- After another visit to the Captain America museum, Steve returned home. The boy from nearly three weeks ago sat outside his door, with a bag of McDonald’s at his side. The flight jacket lay across his lap like a large blanket, while he munched on crispy French fries. “You should be more respectful to that jacket,” he said without thinking about it. “I know a lot of brave men who wore it back in my day.” Dark eyes looked up, as tired as the day Steve first saw them. The young boy observed him quietly, another French fry in hand. Steve unlocked his door and gestured inside. “You wanna come in, son?” The young boy trotted after Steve once the lights were on. Steve pulled a chair out for him to sit. “I hear you’re Captain America,” said the boy. “I don’t really make an effort to hide my identity.” Smiling weakly, Steve retrieved a glass of milk from the fridge and sat across from him. “I see that your wounds have been healing well.” The boy shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “Thank you for that.” “Not a problem.” But a young boy carrying a sword and ready to throw himself into battle was. Steve felt his heart constrict. He al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Nico di Angelo

freeform: 
Family
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Nico di Angelo

