Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry Potter: Witch TrainerChapter 1
 
“Greetings, Lord Harry Potter,” a very tall, cloaked man said to Harry as he approached the strange room that he had only been in once before. The last time he had been here, he had witnessed his godfather, Sirius Black, die at the hands of Bellatrix Lestrange and that was nearly twenty years ago. Now after defeating Voldemort, and Delphini Riddle, Harry walked into the room with a very large smoky arch in the middle and looked at the taller man who summoned him back to this place. “I am Unspeakable Saul Croaker, and I thank you for agreeing to meet with me here.”
“Your letter was very vague, Unspeakable Croaker,” Harry responded, looking up at the man’s face, which was hidden behind a golden mask. “You did mention something about the fate of the world being in my hands.”
“Yes, however, I may have to explain myself further,” He gestured to the arch. “I did not mean our world, but unless you help, the very thing that holds the universes together could be destroyed and our world would soon disappear with the world I need you to save.”
“I still don't quite understand, Mr. Croaker,” Harry looked through the smoky arch. “I thought we couldn’t interfere with other worlds outside of our own.”
“That’s is more or less not true,” Croaker said. “We do our best to prevent damage, but in truth, even I can’t tell if we do any good to keep our universe safe from outside interference. However, an universe outside our own has requested my help, or should I say, your help.”
Harry stared at the taller man, still quite confused as to why he was needed. After a nervous silence, Croaker continued, “The universe I am talking about is one where you were never born. The reason for that fact was that your father, James Potter was killed just before starting his fifth year at Hogwarts, along with the entire Potter line. In this world, Voldemort was much more vicious than then one you faced, as any who defied him he would not only kill, but destroy their entire wizarding bloodline.”
“Does that mean Neville Longbottom became the Boy-Who-Lived?” Harry had to ask.
“No, as the Longbottom family were also victims of Voldemort’s wrath,” Croaker answered. “However, in doing so, many Purebloods that sided with Voldemort here, took Dumbledore’s side instead over there, as after Voldemort murdered the entire Potter and Longbottom families, leaving no Heir to their vast fortunes, they finally saw Voldemort as who he truly was: a Half Blooded hypocrite.”
“So, even if that’s the case, Voldemort must be close to winning,” Harry sighed, rubbing his forehead with his left hand. “That’s why you need me. You want me to go over there and kill the Voldemort of that world.”
“Well, that might be the end result, but not what we need from you.” Croaker said with a weak chuckle. “In truth, because of Dumbledore’s vast army, Voldemort was forced to retreat far from England and the rest of the world. Unfortunately, that did not stop Voldemort from killing nearly half of the Wizarding World’s population before he did. This led to Hogwarts to merge with Beauxbatons as well as other schools to keep to school alive. However, this means that Hogwarts is no longer just a wizarding school there.”
“I’m sorry, but I still don’t see why you need me to go there.” Harry, feeling the massive headache that he was about to receive, said to Croaker, wishing the Unspeakable would just get to the point.
“The Albus Dumbledore of their world has gone missing,” Croaker said, sounding somewhat distressed. “With the upcoming school year approaching there, we’ll need someone to take his place as Headmaster until we know what’s happened to him.”
“Hang on, you want me to be Headmaster of Hogwarts?” Harry asked, but as soon as he did, realized that he should’ve asked something first. “What happened to Professor Dumbledore?”
“We honestly do not know,” Croaker said, sighing through his mask. “It may be a ploy by Voldemort, but if he did something to Dumbledore  over there, he would have announced it loudly. For right now, my counterpart has kept Dumbledore’s disappearance from public knowledge, as he fears that would cause a mass panic fearing Voldemort’s return. So, he and I have concocted this plan for you to take Dumbledore’s identity until he ascertain where the Dumbledore of that world is.”
“Okay, that makes a little sense, but why me? After all, I’m sure that you’re aware that I’m quite busy at home taking care of my witches and slaves.” Harry said, almost proudly over the fact that he has bedded many women over the past several years. “Besides, trying to be Dumbledore seems quite boring really. I mean, from my memory, all he did mostly was stay in his office. I know that wasn’t all he did, but I don’t see how this benefits me.”
 “Well, first of all, your wives and slaves will be coming with you,” Croaker responded. “I will personally guide them over myself. They will be living in a house in Hogsmeade, and Dumbledore’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter

