Chapter 1





Chapter Text




He was in the corner, seated at your kitchen table. A single horizontal shaft of light illuminating his eyes, his hard stare fixed directly on you. His left arm, the one that was made of metal, was also distinctly noticeable in what little light there was in the room. You stood frozen in place at the counter, the glass that you had intended to pour orange juice into before you’d noticed him was gripped solidly in your hand. You knew who this man was, although machine would perhaps be a more accurate word to describe him, and you knew all too well what he was trained so perfectly to do. Questions processed in your mind in what seemed like a sort of foggy slow motion as he sat there across the room from you, eyes locked to yours, not moving a muscle. How could you possibly be a target for HYDRA? And how on earth could you be considered a threat? As if hearing this inner dialogue he stood up swiftly and started walking over to you, a slight sway in his shoulders that turned his movement into more of a strut. As he advanced you backed up, shuffling backwards until you felt the refrigerator behind you and you could go no further. When he was close enough the soldier grabbed the glass from your hand and threw it across the room carelessly. You didn’t dare avert your gaze to see where it had landed, although the noise alone told you it had hit something solid and shattered into a thousand tiny pieces. The Winter Soldier looked down at you and it was then that you realised how tall he was, he towered over you by almost a full foot. And still he bore into you with those azure blue eyes that somehow managed to simultaneously look like he could tell exactly what your next move was going to be but also like they were completely void of life. You swallowed, hearing a click in your dry throat. “Look I’ve heard about you and what you do, so if you’re here to kill me then can you please get it over with? Surely there’s no reason for you to prolong things?” The words came out clearer than you had expected.What does it matter? I’m still gonna die! The silence spun out and you began to wonder if he’d somehow failed to hear you until at last, he spoke. “I’m not here to kill you.” Before you knew what was happening the metal fingers of his left hand were clenched tightly in the roots of the hair on top of your head and you were pushed down onto your knees. You let out a mingled cry of surprise and pain as he pulled your head upwards with a sharp yank, forcing you to look up at him, now towering far above you. “Are you going to do what I tell you or do I have to reconsider what I just said?” You hesitated, thoughts racing through your head. What the fuck’s going on? If he doesn’t want to kill me then what does he want? The Winter Soldier let out a sigh of impatience and reached with his right hand into one his many pockets. Out of which he withdrew a slim but extremely sharp looking black dagger and brought it up close to your face as if to make sure you could see exactly what it was. “I’ll ask you again, are you going to do what I tell you?” Your eyes went from the dagger back up to his face, which you noted as being completely emotionless and cold. You nodded as best you could considering his vice like grip still holding onto your hair. “No. I want to hear you say it.” He demanded, twisting the fist in your hair slightly.You winced. Oh fuck, this is bad. This is so so bad. “Yes, I’ll do as you say.” You managed in a small and scared sounding voice that made you feel a flash of anger at yourself. The last thing you needed was to feel or sound weak in this situation, worse yet you couldn’t afford to let him view you as weak. Seemingly satisfied, his fist unclenched and released it’s grip on your hair. You sighed with relief and instinctively dropped your head down wards to help soothe the strain in the muscles at the back of your neck but the soldier’s same hand quickly came back up and grabbed your chin tightly, pulling your face back upwards. “Maintain eye contact, that’s your first instruction.”What the fuck? Why would the Winter Soldier, a soviet trained, super soldier assassin with a pretty damn impressive kill count, want me to maintain eye conta-OH GOD! You had zoned out for a few too many seconds and hadn’t noticed the metal hand disappear from your chin and move to the button of the soldier’s trousers. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING?” You howled, flinching backwards. The Winter Soldier growled, grabbed you again by the hair, although this time much more painfully, and held the blade of the dagger length ways against the skin of your throat. “You’re doing a pathetic job of being obedient. Do not flinch away from me.” There was an anger in his eyes that hadn’t been there before and it was chilling. When you didn’t respond he pushed the blade against your neck harder. “DO YOU UNDERSTAND?” His shout was utterly terrifying. “YES, YES I UNDERSTAND!” You screamed in fear. “Just please.. don’t hurt me.” You 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
winter soldier/reader

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Face-Fucking
Threats of Violence
Knifeplay
Gunplay
Dominant Winter Soldier
Reader Insert
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
winter soldier/reader

