Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
''Steve, mind manning the counter for ten minutes? I need to see to this.'' Steve, who's been poring over the latest designed posters promoting their gym, raises his thumb up at Bucky.Setting up his own gym was hands down the best business venture Steve had gone into, and after three years of slogging it out, this place was one of the most frequented venues (out of all the other gyms available) for working out. They had some of the best personal trainers (Natasha and Carol were decently well-known for their kick ass workouts), offered a myriad of classes (ranging from kickboxing, yoga and the sorts), fancier equipment and Steve would like to think that it's a safe environment for customers to pursue a healthier lifestyle. Steve slips behind the counter and takes a seat, gaze sweeping around the area. Tuesday nights were usually pretty quiet, and being a twenty-four gym, it wasn't odd for it not to be almost empty when it was close to one in the morning. ''Uh, hey, sorry-'' An almost sheepish tone distracts him, and Steve switches his attention to the person speaking to him.''Hey.'' Steve plasters on a friendly smile at the boy before him. ''How can I help you?'' Inwardly, he thanks Bucky for disappearing god-knows-where because the kid's painfully cute. To the point where Steve feels sort of self-conscious because he's been at the gym since six in the evening and still cooling off from working out with a client an hour and a half ago. He hopes that he doesn't smell odd or anything, because that's the last thing he wants.The kid fiddles with the strap of his gym duffel bag, reciprocating with a sweet smile of his own, ''I'd like to sign up for the membership. I actually attended the trial HIIT cardio class the past two weeks and it was amazing. Like, Ms Romanoff totally whooped our asses into shape.'' He adds on enthusiastically. ''Plus, this place is so much nicer than the gym I used to go to. Nearer too!''Steve thanks whatever higher power there is up there that the kid's decided to frequent his gym instead because that means, there's higher chances of him seeing him around. ''Am glad you enjoyed it. As it is, we're having a promotion for our nine-week HIIT cardio class, so you might want to check that out.'' Steve pulls up the application form on the iPad before handing the device over. ''Just fill up this membership form here and I'll help process it.''He's trying very hard to remain professional and not openly ogle the guy; clad in a pair of black gym shorts striped at the sides and a cropped workout sweatshirt that shows off the glint of something hanging from his navel. Christ, a navel piercing. He could see the hint of a flat toned stomach, and while Steve didn't want to assume that the boy was vain or something like that...he clearly seems like the sort who takes great care of his appearance. French manicure nails and all that. It's not like Steve hasn't seen his fair share of pretty/good-looking customers in fitting workout outfits, but this kid's hundred percent his type. The kind that he jacks off to when he's watching porn. ''Don't mean to sound nosy, but isn't this a weird time to join a gym? Not that I'm complaining, but it's nearly two in the morning.'' Steve asks conversationally, anything to distract his gaze from straying. ''I'm not so good with sleep, so I always end up working out at odd hours. My body clock's been really shitty since I shifted here to start college a few months ago.'' The kid sighs as he fills out the fields in the application form. ''Tried everything from yoga to meditation. Mindful breathing and all that. I'm just always keyed up, so might as well put that energy to good use.''College. Which meant that he was probably eighteen, contributing to about an age difference of twenty years since Steve has already hit thirty-eight.''Yeah, well, sleep when you're dead and all.'' Could you get any more lame, Rogers? Seriously? Was that the best that you could come up with? But the kid actually laughs and Steve feels all sorts of funny (in a good way), ''It's from that Bon Jovi song, right? ''I'll Sleep When I'm Dead''. Man, I love that song.'' The iPad is handed back to Steve and he quickly scans the information to make sure everything is in order. As expected, the kid was only eighteen and from his address, stayed about a ten minutes walking distance from the gym. Perfect.''I'm surprised you actually know that song. Not a lot of college kids to.''The other leans against the counter, corners of his lips quirking up into a playful smile, ''Maybe I've just got a keen interest for things much older than I am.''There's no mistaking that he's flirting with Steve, but then again, he doesn't want to read too much into it just in case he's wrong. It doesn't take long for him to process the kid's application and by the time he's done, Bucky's already making his way over.''Right, that's done. We're no longer issuing gym membership cards, so all y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Background Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Happy Ending
Twink Peter Parker
Romance
Manipulation
Boypussy
Confident Peter
Daddy Kink
Feminization
Porn With Plot
They're both just crazy smitten with each other
Peter has a vagina in this
Infidelity
Consensual Non-Consent
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Dirty Talk
Age Difference
Don't Like Don't Read
Mpreg
Stealthing
Incest Kink
Peter Was Born With A Vagina

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Background Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

