Work Text:
The dancehall is alive tonight and Bucky is wearing his best suit—hair slicked back like the dapper roughs from the LES who run for Murder Inc, and always have spending money. He isn't one of them, and being Irish-Catholic couldn't be if he wanted to. Their ranks are the Italians of Manhattan and the Jews of Brooklyn. Sometimes he encounters their kind down at the docks, which is Anastasia’s turf, and he can't help the surge of jealousy at their fine suits, silk shirts and neckties, all carefully tailored and bespoke. Those boys, and they are boys, they look like they got class. Bucky Barnes wants class. He isn't like Steve, who despite his stature, and his accent that mirrors Bucky’s own, seems content with their unglamourous existence, with carrying the groceries for Mrs. Schwartz downstairs, even if it leaves him breathless, nearly heaving. Steve is, in Bucky’s own opinion, pure as freshly fallen snow, as wholesome as apple pie. Hell, his birthday falls on the fourth of July for crying out loud. As much as Bucky longs for the dangerous, monied life of La Cosa Nostra, he longs  for the unwavering moral compass that Steve Rogers possesses. Steve doesn't live a black and white life, but he is unerringly pointed in the direction of righteousness. It drives Bucky nuts. He feels torn, always. What a pleasure it would be to buy Steve new pencils, soft soap that won’t irritate his delicate skin, that won’t make it raw and red. He steals instead, pretends at being the provider -- he takes a woolen hat from a department store to keep Steve’s towhead warm in the winter. He steals from the pharmacy to soothe Steve’s painful cough. He takes apples from street carts, the newspaper from the corner, and all manner of pastries whenever he can. Anything to keep Steve’s strength up, anything to keep a smile on his wan face.It's always been about Steve, so weeks later when he’s finishing up his shift at the docks, rough hands splashing tepid water over his grimy face, and one of the Anastasia boys (maybe a little older than his 23 years, worldly looking, broad-shouldered suit in place) asks him what his deal is, one eyebrow raised, Bucky puts his damp hands deep into his pockets, rolls back on his heels, and cocks his head to the side.Says,"Whaddya want it to be?” real casual. The guy is leaning against a shiny, black Chevy  Master, and he regards Bucky with shrewd, dark eyes. His hair is pushed away from his face in a tidy wave. He could be a Jew, Bucky has no idea, and nothing against Jews, he’s just curious. He’s heard that Jews are different. Down there. He takes a step forward, calling on all the practiced nonchalance he can muster. “Nice car.” “What’s your name,” the guy asks, and there’s a hint of an accent there, a little like Mrs. Schwartz, but distinctly Brooklyn, less pale of settlement. “James,” Bucky says, and holds out his hand. “I’m Irving,” says Irving, and takes Bucky’s hand in his, shakes firmly. “You got anywhere to be, James?” Bucky thinks about Steve at home, probably drawing at their rickety table, or fixing them both supper with what little they have in their cupboards and the ice box. “Nope,” says Bucky, “sure don’t.” He smiles slowly. “Ain’t got nowhere to be but here.” Irving nods appraisingly. “Want to go for a ride?”Bucky says yes. -- Men come down to the docks off of Van Brunt for all sorts of reasons. They come to work, they come to drink in the taverns on the waterfront, they come to ship out at the Navy Yards, and they come. They come to pick up. Bucky has seen it countless times. Some of the guys go with other men once or twice a week. It’s good money, is what they say. Good money. --This is how he ends up in the back of the most luxurious car he’s ever been in, parked down a dark alley off Columbia, with a hand in his hair and his mouth around another man’s cock. Irving is rough with him. He’s not surprised. His hair gets pulled, and Irving does nothing to still his hips as he pushes into Bucky’s mouth. He struggles to overcome his gag reflex, to make it good, to make it worth it. He’s done this before and Steve doesn’t know (can’t know). But Bucky has done this before with other boys from around the neighborhood. Never for money. Always for fun, or out of boredom. This may not be fun, but some perverse thrill goes through him when slides a hand up Irving's side and his fingers come into contact with the butt of a gun, holstered under Irving's suit jacket. The grip on his hair slackens for a moment and Bucky moves his hand away, settles it against the top of Irving's revealed thigh. He looks up, eyes big and round, and Irving nods. Bucky pulls his mouth away with a wet sound and his other hand takes its place, pumping away at Irving's shaft and the head of his cock, thumb rubbing at his weeping slit. Jews are different, he'd registered when he'd first pulled down Irving's briefs. Bucky favors him with his best, heavy-lidded look—the one that works so well on girls—and licks his li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
First Time
Hurt/Comfort
Guns
Sweet Talk
Actual Hooker Bucky Barnes
Anal Sex
Anal Play
Fisticuffs
Mobsters
Historical
This was supposed to be really short
Object Insertion
Let's be real Bucky fellates a handgun
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Gun play
Prostitution

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

