Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

There are people all around him. Men and women alike mill about, some dragging large projects on carts behind them, others with nothing but a briefcase. The convention area is packed, and Peter fiddles nervously with his envelope as he waits to get checked in with nothing but his book bag and a large poster board.
As he steps up, the lady glances at him with a bored expression before snapping her gaze back to him. “General Check-In for spectators is over there,” she says, pointing to his left. “Go find your parents and check in there. This is for people with a booth.”

I don’t even have parents, 

he wants to say. Instead, he holds out the envelope. “I do have a booth,” he tells her flatly.
She gives him a skeptical look but plucks the envelope from his grasp, reaching inside to pull out the certificate he’d been given weeks ago when he won Midtown’s Science Fair. The prize, this year, included a booth at the Stark Expo.A once in a lifetime opportunity, and he doesn’t even get to enjoy it. Grief rises, bitter in his throat, and Peter forcefully pushes it back down.
He watches the lady’s face color with surprise as she scans the chip on the side of it, confirming his place on the list. 

I told you so, 

he would have said at one time. Now, he just stares back at her blankly as she gives him his badge.
He starts to walk away when he hears, “Wait! Where are your parents?”Peter turns around and gives her a bitter smile. “They dropped me off so they could find a parking space,” he tells her.It’s a lie.
The worst part about the Expo, Peter thinks, is the noise. Ever since the spider bite, loud noises have been practically unbearable. And here, he can hear every grind of a gear, every rushed modification people are making to their projects, and every mere whisper.The flashing camera lights are awful, too. Most of it is coming from reporters as they document one of the country’s biggest events of the year, while some of it comes from guests wanting to record one of the most important moments in their lives.Peter looks down at the packet he was given and makes his way to booth 24A, relieved to see that it’s tucked into a corner.The first thing he does is set his bag on the table and pull out a large pair of sunglasses, sighing in relief when the light dims. Next, he pulls out the earbuds he’d modified to filter out white noise after the bite. As soon as he puts them in, the roar of the convention area becomes much more manageable.Peter looks around, watching the people nearby set up their respective booths. Almost all of them are accompanied by family or coworkers or friends, and Peter swallows the bitterness that floods his mouth like bile.He’s surrounded by some of the most brilliant minds in the world, and he’s never felt so truly and utterly alone.He shakes the thought away and turns back to his table, quickly propping up the large poster board. Peter grimaces at it, suddenly aware of how… elementary it looks. He’d hastily put it together the night before the science fair, after weeks and weeks of trying to find just the right formula for his modified web fluid.
Ben had found him on the floor of his bedroom at two o’clock in the morning, frantically flipping through his notes and trying to type everything up. The man had kneeled in front of him and brushed a messy curl from his forehead.
“Hey, kiddo,” he’d greeted. “Looks like you could use some help.” They tried not to think about how May was always much better at crafty presentations than either of them. But together, they’d managed to toss together a half-decent board. At least, decent enough to impress the judges.Peter blinks the memory away and pulls the rest of his project from his bag. He was careful to make a web shooter that looked nothing like Spider-Man’s to try to keep suspicion off him, and he nods in satisfaction when he strings up thin strands of webbing to the corner of his tent.He attaches a simple sign with his name and project name to the webbing and watches it hang there, appearing as though it’s floating. Then, he sets the vials of web fluid on the table, along with the webshooter. It’s not much, but it’s all he had at the science fair.Once he’s finished, Peter sits back in his chair and watches the people around him. Some look excited and others look frazzled with stress as they set up their booth. Most people, he notices, have flashy signs and expensive-looking tools with them. He hates how envious he feels.After awhile, general guests are allowed in, and Peter apprehensively wait as spectators slowly make their way down the line to him. He fidgets nervously, wishing he at least had a phone to mess with while he waits.Peter watches interestedly as a life-sized model of BB8 rolls behind its owner, trilling excitedly. Once upon a time, Peter thinks that maybe he would have approached the owner, flustered as he gushes over how well-built it is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Whump
Emotional Abuse
Child Abuse
Dead Aunt May
Secret Identity
kind of?? you'll see
Identity Reveal
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony is a dad
Homeless Peter Parker
Foster Care
the kinda sorta platonic cinderella story that literally nobody asked for
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

