Chapter 1





Chapter Text

After the Avengers left, Peter had hoped that everything would go back to normal. Everything was fine and they had saved the day right? But things didn’t go back to normal. First, the Tower had to be repaired. The top fifteen floors need a massive rebuilding. His dad and Pepper had a lot of new ideas for the Tower, so they were constantly busy with that. During the day, when Peter was at camp, that was fine by him. But when he came home and his dad was pouring over work constantly, Peter was disappointed.

His dad seemed different after the Battle of New York. It wasn’t like when he came back from Afghanistan. Sure back then he was always in his workshop, but there was a focus and a certainty to him. Not to mention, he had been honest with Peter about what he was up to. Now, his dad always seemed distracted. It was as if there was something on his mind, something that he couldn’t express out loud.

Some weekends, his dad would have to go back to Malibu suddenly and Peter would have to stay in New York. He’d stay with May and Ben, which was fine. But he missed his dad. He missed their movie nights. He missed sitting in the workshop with him. He missed watching his dad cook pancakes for him on Sunday mornings. He missed what had been normal.

Peter sighed as he made his way towards the lower labs. His birthday was in a few days and all he really wanted was to hang out in the Tower with Ned and watch movies all day. Ned’s idea was to watch all six of the Star Wars movies and the director’s commentary. It would take most of the day, but Peter thought it was a great idea. The only problem was having Ned at the Tower. The remodel was almost done, but his dad had been cagey about Peter having Ned over to the Tower. He walked into the lab to see his dad working on something.

“Hi dad,” Peter said. Tony looked up for a second before resuming his work.

“Hey squirt,” Tony said. “How was camp?”

“It’s Saturday dad,” Peter said. “I didn’t go to camp today.”

“Oh,” Tony said, not looking up from the suit. “Must’ve gotten my days mixed up.” Peter stood by the table awkwardly. His dad looked like he hadn’t slept. As he got older, he started to realize that his dad was working on something constantly, even at the detriment of his own sleep schedule. It was also clear to him that both Pepper and Rhodey didn’t like it. He was starting to dislike it too. When Tony continued working, Peter sighed to himself before speaking up.

“Dad?” Peter said, his voice a little timid. “I, uh, had a request. Well, more like a favor I guess.” Tony looked up from his work. Peter was fidgeting with his hands, so it was clear he wanted something.

“Sure Peter,” Tony said. “What is it?”

“Well I was hoping,” Peter started, walking over to where his dad was sitting. “With my birthday coming up and all, that Ned could come over to the Tower and watch movies with me?” Tony sighed. “Please?”

“I don’t know buddy,” Tony said. “There’s still a lot of working going on. And Bruce has been doing some work here and Natasha and Clint have been popping in and out. I just don’t know if it would be a good idea.”

“But,” Peter said. “It’s for my birthday.”

“You can have your movie marathon at May and Ben’s,” Tony suggested. “Or his house.”

“But that’s what we always do,” Peter said, his lip quivering. “I just want to invite him here.” Tony sighed and Peter felt his eyes tear up. “Dad, please.”

“I’m sorry buddy,” Tony said. Peter just shook his head.

“No you’re not,” The ten-year-old said, tears falling from his eyes. Tony moved to comfort his son, but Peter backed away. He then ran out of the lab, not wanting to talk to his dad anymore. All he wanted was to spend his birthday with his best friend in the Tower. Was that really so much to ask?


Tony sighed after Peter ran out of the lab. He felt bad for not giving his son what he wanted. But the Tower wasn’t a safe place. The Battle of New York proved that. And until Tony knew everything was safe, he couldn’t just let Peter have a sleepover.

“Why is Peter crying?” He looked up to see Pepper standing in the doorway. He shook his head and Pepper walked over to him. “He ran past me; didn’t even notice I was there.”

“He wants to have Ned over for his birthday,” Tony said.

“And you said no?” Pepper asked, indignation in her voice. “Tony!”

“Honey, the Tower isn’t fixed yet,” Tony said. “It’s not...It’s not safe.” Pepper shook her head.

“That’s a lie and you know it,” Pepper said. “This Tower has state of the art technology. It can keep out any threat.” 

It didn’t stop Loki or the Chitauri

, Tony couldn’t help but think. “Tony, Peter barely asks you for anything. If that little boy wants his best friend to come over to the Tower, then that’s what you should allow.” Tony sighed. Pepper just shook her head and then walked out of the lab. Tony rubbed his hands down his face. He was exhausted and the last two conversations certainly didn’t make him feel any better.

As he closed his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Iron Man 3
Iron Man 3
Post-Iron Man 3
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)

