Chapter 1: The Monster
    


Summary:

Monsters are people too.





Chapter Text
The kid is sucking on the end of his pen again, and it's driving Loki to distraction.He sees the red lips purse as the kid thinks, works out the answer to the problem, and he can't look away. He's glad that he decided to let the students have today's lesson time to solve a few problems from the book; it lets him get away with staring like an idiot under the pretense of surveying the class. He's also ruing the moment it occurred to him, because it gives the kid leeway to do things other than look at Loki with rapturous attention. Things like suck on the end of his pen.The kid lowers the pen to the paper and writes something, and Loki lets out the breath he's been holding; long and slow like blowing out a candle. An exhalation between yoga poses. He really needs to take up yoga again, he decides as the kid writes; needs to work off the pent-up energy. The kid's brow furrows slightly, and Loki inhales in anticipation; thinks, 'Oh, there he goes again.'Sure enough, the kid catches the end of the pen with a limber pink tongue, and Loki can't breathe; he curls the tip around the bitten plastic before drawing it into his mouth, and Loki crosses his legs under the desk. He feels hot under the collar, aroused and ashamed. Smothered. Stifled. The classroom is an oven. He puts a finger between his neck and the noose around it and pulls until it comes just that tiny bit looser. He doesn't dare take the tie off and undo the top button, but he wants to. Oh, he wants to.Sitting in his assigned desk, the kid traces his glistening lips with the pen, lost in thought. The sun falls on him through the window and makes his hair look like ganache. Loki has the irrational desire to trail his fingers through it and rub it between his fingertips.He swears under his breath and swallows hard, turning his eyes away only by consciously exerting his will. His gaze is magnetized, however; is inexorably attracted to the same place no matter how much he pulls it away. Makes sense, as magnetic attraction is not affected by forces, only by distance. 'I need to get away,' he thinks, and wonders if his class would complain too much if he moved the kid to the back.Ah, but no. He can't do that, not to his best student. The kid is tiny still. His precious body is still small. Everyone else has already gone through puberty; he will be hidden from Loki, true, but he also won't be able to see the whiteboard. Loki will just have to work harder to scrub his sick desires from his mind.Unsupervised, his eyes return to the forbidden sight.The kid is nibbling on his pen now; all soft skin, white teeth and concentration.Loki bites back a moan and squirms in his chair, cock hot and hard against his thigh. He looks down at his watch desperately.Fifteen more minutes left.Loki is twenty-eight. The kid is thirteen.*  *  *Loki's known all his life he has a thing. A problem. Something he can't get rid of. He knows what he is; he's done his research. It has a name and everything.Hebephile, he thinks with a sneer. Monster.That's the label that he wears around his ankle like a ball and chain; that's the ghost that haunts his mind like tumbleweed whenever he's in the privacy of his home thinking of little Tony Stark with a hand down the front of his pants. He has daydreamed of holding grades hostage. Turned the notion around in his head late at night when he can't sleep over how disgusted he is with himself.Says the Wikipedia, in clean, sharp, unbiased black type on a white background: "Hebephilia is the primary or exclusive adult sexual interest in pubescent individuals approximately eleven to fourteen years old."Says Loki, curled up in a corner of his cold, cold shower, pulling on his hair: "Hebephilia is unnatural. I need shock therapy."He shouldn't be allowed near kids. If the school knew, if anybody found out, he… He doesn't know what he would do. He should tell them. But he can't — teaching is his passion. He lives for the moments when understanding dawns in his kids' eyes, when they raise their hands and ask a question that is actually insightful, when the struggling student he's been helping finally manages to solve a question on their own.And to think he'd thought himself so clever when he applied to teach AP classes only. He'd thought it the perfect solution. He would still get to teach, but his classes would be restricted to juniors and seniors, young men and women far from his preference. And he'd go to school really early and go home really late, he would hide in his classroom during empty hours, he wouldn't supervise any clubs; he'd stay away from the younger students.But on the first day of school, when Loki entered the classroom where he'd teach AP Physics, he found the only flaw in his plan sitting in the first row, with his shirt untucked, his hair messy, and his tie nowhere to be seen. The one thing he couldn't have predicted: a prodigy.'It's only one school year,' he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
FrostIron - Freeform
Shota
when I say "underage" I mean it
notice how there's no non/dubcon warning
Loki Feels
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony's got loki wrapped around his little finger though
they are BOTH perverts
Alternate Universe - High School
Teacher-Student Relationship
Teacher Loki
Underage Sex
Serious
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Pedophilia
Hebephilia

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

