Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
Darcy knows, from experience (unfortunately), that sometimes your soulmate sucks. She was 12 when her parents divorced. They were soulmates and they couldn’t stand each other.
“Sometimes, you gotta do, what you gotta do, Darcy-girl,” her mom had told her.
She walked out on her and her dad that night.
She’s remarried now, with a new family all her own, and Darcy isn’t bitter.
---
His (she’s assuming it’s a him) words are printed along her ribs, have been her whole life, and if what they say is anything to go by, she’s probably going to get into a lot of trouble before she meets him. (She’s wrong, trouble gets into her.)
---
Clint can confirm that soulmates suck. His is his best friend, his partner in all the ways that matter, except for the one way he wants the most. (He’s had her. Had her.) But she moved in and out of his life so quickly and years later he’s still reeling, and silently thinking of her as an anomaly, but then she’s still there, and still pulling his ass out of the fire more times than he can count. (Somedays he just wishes she’d let him burn; others he wants her to stay and burn with him.)
When Clint meets Darcy, after New York, he matches her tit for tat.
He strolls into the lab behind Thor one afternoon, in attempts to pull Jane from work to enjoy the nice weather with him outside.
Clint gives Darcy a warm once over, and then another for good measure. “What’s the gist, physicist?”
She’s tapping a pen between her open lips, and smirks up at him, “Is that right, Rambo?” she asks back.
Thor moves hastily to make introductions before he drapes a muscled arm around Jane’s shoulders and steers her to the door, while she whines about the calculations that still need to be completed this evening before they can move on to practical application when Tony gets back from Malibu tomorrow.
Clint leans his beefy forearms on Darcy’s desk next to her computer, “so, Boondock Saints: best movie ever or best movie ever?” he asks with a grin and a wink.
Darcy mimics his posture, poking at his wrist with the end of her pen, smearing lipstick lightly across his skin, “Big Bang Theory marathon? I picked up a combo pack between here and New Mexico, and have yet to watch any of it in order.” A smile stretching across her painted lips.
He’s not her soulmate, but he is nice to look at.
They enjoy shows about physicists and movies about Irish brothers and talk. Everything and nothing, all at once. She tells him about his words, and her parent’s divorce, and how her uncle’s words burned into his skin at fourteen and said, ew gross, and how his soulmate is a bitch. He tells her about Nat and how they met and how they wear each others words, but she’s marked herself with the words of a man she can’t find and that she was his but now she’s not.
Darcy gets it. But she’s still hopeful that hers will turn out ok, and Clint doesn’t fault her for that. Then she tells him about the time she thought her high school principal said the words on her ribs and he laughs and laughs.
---
Darcy isn’t sure how they got around it, but now that she thinks back on it, they first time they met, they didn’t actually speak.
Steve was giving him a tour of the labs, and he was rocking the hobo chic (with leather!).
“Sup, Steve.” Darcy says in greeting, not bothering to look up from inputting Jane’s latest bender math into the system to triple check then check again.
“This is Dr. Foster’s lab: she’s our resident astrophysicist, but likes to collaborate with Stark on occasion, and Bruce when he’s around. Darcy’s her assistant.”
“Assistant, gopher, heterosexual lifemate,” she says with a nod.
He nods back, and ducks out before Steve can continue.
---
Clint is devastated. He hides it really well, but with the closed lip manner he’s exuded around the team, they can put a guess on what’s up.
Darcy just waits.
He shows up in the kitchen one morning while she’s plowing through a bowl of cereal and attempting to re-read data. He looks like shit.
“You look like shit,” she says by way of greeting.
He nods solemnly, “I know.” It’s quiet, defeated, and he pours himself a bowl of cereal as she slides the milk towards him.
Darcy eyes him over her glasses, not that she can see him but it’s her dad’s patented look (that he learned from his mother). “Want to talk about it?”
He shakes his head no.
Darcy resumes her studying. “Does it have anything to do with tall, dark and broody?”
She doesn’t need to look at him to see the slight nod. She didn’t even need to ask.
---
It’s not that she’s not allowed to be on this floor, it’s just that she’s probably not supposed to be? Jane’s the one with the real clearance level and she needed Darcy to get this machine or reader of some kind from the storage area, so Darcy takes her badge (most original code award goes to Jane Foster for: 1234) and wanders very confused for several minutes until she thinks she finds what she’s looking for.
“What do you think you’re doing down here?”
It’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
past Clint Barton/Nastasha Romanov
one sided Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Angst
Little Fluff
If You Squint - Freeform
Sorry Not Sorry

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
past Clint Barton/Nastasha Romanov
one sided Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

