Chapter 1





Chapter Text

PART ONE
 “In all the time I’ve served you,” Heimdall said, “have I given you any reason to doubt my loyalty?”“If you had, I would not be standing before you now.”“As you say, my king.  But now I must dissent.  You are making a grave error.”“Sometimes I think I made a grave error coming back from Jotunheim with him in my arms,” Odin said, looking down the length of the bridge.  His eyes, frost-pale, gave away so little that only Heimdall and Frigga would ever have known he did not believe what he was saying.  No, the All-Father did not regret having brought his youngest child to Asgard.  Which made what he was doing now all the more perplexing, and all the more troubling.  “I had thought him a solution, which is not a thought worthy of the wisdom with which I am credited.  Children do not make things simpler, that is not their nature.  And I did not anticipate…”“That you would care for him?”“That I would love him,” Odin said.  “As much as my true son.”And your daughter?  But that was even more dangerous to voice than criticism.  In any case, he knew the answer: Odin would never love another child as much as he had loved his Hela.  He would not risk his heart that way.  It was a pity, because the princes would never understand it.  They would yearn open-handed, reaching for what would never drop into their grasp.“If he is your true son, then keep him as such,” he said instead.Odin shook his head.  “But he is not my son, Heimdall.  And I do neither him, nor Thor, nor myself, nor any of us any favor by hiding that.  I have mistreated him, to raise him as a prince of Asgard when I intend no more for him than the throne of Jotunheim.  When Laufey dies, and Loki must go to claim his birthright, how will he do it?  With pride of his own place, and with loyalty to us?  Or with bitterness at receiving only second-best?  A king is not jealous of another king, but a brother may well be jealous of another brother.  I’d thought to forge an alliance from the cradle on, give Thor and Loki reason to love each other too well to quarrel, but already they compete with each other.  What happens, then, when Thor must win?”“Then the younger prince learns that life does not owe him victory.  That is all.”“Believe me,” Odin said grimly, “that is a lesson no member of this house will ever learn easily.  He is too much my son for that by far.”
You are trying to stop Loki from becoming Hela, and that is a noble cause, but you cannot keep him from being your daughter by making him not your son.
“I will not put the might of the Frost Giants behind an enemy to Asgard,” Odin said, “even if it is my own son.”“Then relinquish hope of Jotunheim.  Keep the peace as you have kept it for these last few years.”Odin scoffed.  “Through the flimsy assurance of Laufey’s fear?  Through our possession of the Casket?  He has too much steel in him not to raise his sons to rally against us, and sooner or later, war will come.  As for the Casket, what has been stolen from them could easily be stolen from us.  What is the Vault but a lesson in the folly of believing anything safely kept forever?  No, Heimdall.  I was a fool to take Loki in hand as though he were a tool, but having done so, I cannot go without using him, not when I know what it might bring us.  He is a resource of the throne, even as I am.”“He is eight,” Heimdall said.  “He will think he’s being dragged from his home as punishment for cutting his brother.  My king, he will not understand.”“That is another matter,” Odin said.  “His magic—it needs to be controlled.”“Who better to teach him than his mother?”“She will teach him, she will not restrain him.  She loves him too well to do so.  And so, I’m afraid, do I.”“Then you have made your decision already,” Heimdall said.  “You do not ask me to take your son, your majesty, you command it.”Odin looked ancient in that moment: his age was not in his face but in his heart, where Heimdall did not often look.  Oh, he would live long enough, perhaps even another millennium, but he had spent his best years on conquest, had turned to governance too late to know how to do it lightly.  A king who cared for his realm less might rule it better, might withstand more; a man who knew less of the weight of his own soul might not think it so necessary to crush a weed beneath his heel before it even truly grew.  What was best in him had brought him to the worst and most primitive handling of his children.  This infanticide disguised as abandonment disguised as fostering.  Or, in Hela’s case, as imprisonment.“Would you make it a command?” Odin asked.“For your sake, I would have taken him as a babe, and done so willingly.  Had cataclysm come to us, and you and the queen both been lost, I would have raised him as my own.  But to agree now and to rip him from his father, mother, and brother, from his position, from everything he has known—yes, your majesty.  I would have you command it of me, because otherwise my answer would not serve y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Heimdall & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Family
Family Drama
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Adoption
Kid Fic
Growing Up
Fix-It of Sorts

fandom: 
Heimdall & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

