Work Text:
One night, Frigga had a kenning.
She dreamt of a day, not too far distant by Asgardian reckoning, when her golden son would be crowned and her shadow child cast down.  She saw ice, twisted and black, growing within Loki’s breast: fed by misunderstanding, resentment, jealousy, and a fear that drove him ever onward.  She saw lies and poor decisions, stacked and intertwined: a cage of his making, built by his hand.  She watched battles be won and lost, chaos loosed on the realms, and death…so much death.
Tormented by what she had kenned, she tossed and turned, face wet with tears.
Is this his fate? she cried to the Norns, Is this what he must become?
The dream shifted, then, as if in answer.  She saw the realm, Midgard – called “Earth” by its inhabitants – but not blackened as it had been in her earlier visions.  Blue and green and full of life, it flickered in her view.  She drew closer, drawn by some power, and closer still, until she saw a woman, heavy with child and smiling. The child…the child was the key.
She saw a baby, smiling and happy, laughing with her mother.
She saw a girl, soft in her youth but sturdy, toddling after her brothers.
She saw a maiden, quiet and sharp, supporting those around her.
She saw a woman, grown into the sum of all her ages, and the family she had made of friends.  All gathered through her kindness, her wit, her courage.  There was a good future for this mortal, a life full of trouble and turmoil, but also great joy and gladness.  The life this woman would have would be a full one, and though her son might touch it, he would not be a part of it if he stayed on the course he was setting.
The dreaming reversed, showing her the child’s mother again, smiling down at the roundness of her belly.  Frigga watched as another future was offered, one no less full of trouble or happiness, but greatly changed by her own intervention.  There was a cost, but weighed against her son's future it was nothing.  She saw her son made happy.  She saw a choice, one that must be made quickly, before birth wrote a destiny into the mortal’s skin.
Frigga woke, greatly disturbed, and resolved to seek her son the next morn.
The night was long, but she sought her son at first light, going to the library.
“Loki,” she called.
He turned with a smile at her entrance.  His smile, she noted, had been growing more and more edged in the last few years, though he never aimed its sharpness towards her.  “Mother,” he greeted, crossing to her, “you look troubled, what ails you?”
She clasped his hands, staring up into his face for the answers her kenning had resolved her to seek.  “I have had a vision from the Norns,” she told him, “I have seen the path that we are on, and it fills me with sorrow, my son.  I would see it changed, for your sake.  The tale, as you are writing it, does not have a happy end.”
Loki’s face fell, confirmation that he had already begun the first subtle moves of some great working.  “That is grave news.  Still,” he continued, a queer sort of light in his eyes, “is it not better to write your own tale, sad though it may be, rather than to always take your happiness at another’s whim?”
“I would not take your choices, my son, merely give you another option to consider,” Frigga said quietly, resolved now.  “I might have made this choice, paid the price for its workings, but instead I will send you into the weave of my kenning, let you see a glimpse of what might be.  The choice will be difficult, but yours – if you wish it.  But Loki, understand this: there will be consequences, and they will be yours to live with.”
Her son, ever curious about her connection to the Norns, agreed.
That night, she sent him into the dreaming.  The next day, pale and haggard, he made his choice.
“I wish,” he told her with a bitter smile, “that I had your wisdom, mother.  I do not know what price you might have paid, but mine…it is dear.  She will know, mother, on Thor’s coronation day, she will see what we have seen and know the choice we have made for her.  She will see all that I might have been, all she could have had but for my intervention.”
“Then, my son, you must ensure that what she has is not so ill that she feels cheated by your bargain.”
Five days later, Loki brought a woman to the palace.  She was large with child, and seemed confused.  Every motion she made was as if she moved through water, her face always serene and dreamy.  Frigga cared for her as best she could, hurt and heartsick for her son and the choice he had made: her arts might have made the change simpler, less fraught, but it was Loki’s choice, and so must be Loki’s actions that altered fate’s design.
In a short time, a girl was born on Asgard, to Asgard, and by the magic bargained and paid for, of Asgard.
“Sigyn,” she was named by the healers, for her mother had disappeared from childbed and could not be found, “that you might overcome your enemies and find true friends.”
At birth, her sálknútr was instantly visible encompassing th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Sigyn/Loki (sort of)
Frigga & Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fate & Destiny
Parent Frigga
Darcy Lewis is Asgardian
Loki Feels
I can't see a way to put them together canonically
so Frigga helped Loki create an alternate timeline
Divergent Timelines
Species Swap
Dream Magic

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Sigyn/Loki (sort of)
Frigga & Loki (Marvel)

