Work Text:





 Bucky doesn’t mean to be an utter creep.The fact that he has to take a minute to tell himself that doesn’t paint a very flattering picture of his character, but Bucky’s usually very willing to embrace his mile-wide asshole streak. And he really didn’t mean to creep on Captain America while he pummels the everloving shit out of a punching bag. It just…happened.He came to the gym to work out his own frustration. There’s an itch under his skin that has been gnawing at him for the better part of a week. Bucky’s familiar with it, and the years have taught him the best ways and the wise ways to get it under control. The two aren’t the same, and Bucky thinks he deserves credit for choosing the wise over the best at least seven times out of ten. That was what he was trying to do when he came to S.H.I.E.L.D at an unholy hour to run or punch shit until his muscles gave out. He chose this particular gym out of many because it was tucked out of the way, unpopular among most because it lacked the high-tech fittings of the newer ones. Bucky prefers those too when he wants to train, but when he wants to let out some steam and lose himself a little, this is where he comes.It’s just unfortunate that the place is already occupied.And yeah, the polite thing to do would have been to just leave. Joining the other inhabitant isn’t an option. The good captain is a right mess. Bucky’s intimately familiar with the sort of things that drive a man to this kind of controlled violence in the middle of the night, and they’re not things that welcome company. And once he got past that initial flash of irritation at being thwarted in his release, Bucky did mean to leave. He just made the mistake of first taking a good look at his unlikely kindred spirit.Bucky knows Steve Rogers. Of course he does. They’re both part of Fury’s Avengers Initiative, and while Bucky got thrown into the Manhattan mess due to a mix of bad timing and a pesky sense of responsibility, Steve Rogers has been slotted for heavily marketed heroism since they chipped the ice off him. They worked well together, interacted minimally, and went their separate ways after the aliens were sent packing. Bucky returned to his usual S.H.I.E.L.D missions with Clint and Natasha, and Steve Rogers vanished on some soul-finding trip or something.Bucky has never had any illusions that Fury benched his little pet project after the Chitauri were beaten, but world-ending threats are hardly common and maybe Tony Stark and Thor can superhero around in their free time, but the rest of them have actual jobs which involved threats of a lesser scale. Bucky’s happy enough to return to wetwork. There’s a reason they call him the Winter Soldier. Hawkeye and the Black Widow are no different.But he has to admit that not in his wildest dreams did he expect to see Captain fucking America on Fury’s payroll. And he doesn’t know the man as anything but an excellent commander and history given flesh, but even he can see that wherever Rogers disappeared to for those few months and whatever he did in that time has done nothing to brighten his disposition.  Natasha works closely with him, and given that Fury’s eager to make the best of the supersoldier under his command, those two spend a lot of time together. Bucky keeps an eye on them because he’d be a fool not to, but he stays the hell away because he knows what’s good for him.Steve Rogers is a sad fucking man, but he’s a soldier down to his bones, and Bucky’s always been weak to that particular combination of tragic eyes and fistfuls of blood.




And now, plastered to the walls and incapable of looking away from Rogers’s heaving chest and cracked knuckles, Bucky can feel that internal pendulum shift from wise to best.He doesn’t speak a word, doesn’t even dare to breathe loudly until a vicious punch from Rogers sends the poor bag flying across the room, spitting sand everywhere. There’s no startled sound from Rogers. He doesn’t even freeze, just huffs like he’s inconvenienced by his inanimate victim’s inability to withstand the pounding.Bucky bites his tongue so he doesn’t offer himself as a replacement. He has more tact than that, usually. It’s just that Rogers’s shirt is thin and white and translucent from the sweat drenching it, sticking to his sculpted torso like a second skin. Bucky’s pretty built himself and he’s earned every pound of that muscle, but Rogers looks like he could break Bucky in two without even trying.Bucky kinda wants him to.Caught in the clutches of that particular fantasy, he can’t help the way he jumps when Rogers suddenly speaks.“Barnes. You need something, or you just gonna stand and stare all night?”“You knew I was here?” Bucky blurts, and he’s still citing his lust-addled brain as an excuse, but that doesn’t fully abate the sharp sting of letting a near-stranger throw him off like this. Bucky fucking knows better.Rogers finally turns around, lips thinned and brows furrowed. There’s a wealth of admonishment in th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Avenger Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
First Time
Sparring
Lack of Communication
Rough Oral Sex
Hair-pulling
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

