Chapter 1: Rebirth
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“ – ogers, did you hear me? Mr. Rogers?”Steve heard his name called as though from a great distance. “Steve?” Sam’s worried voice cut through his haze, and his eyes snapped to his friend. He blinked.“I’m – I’m sorry, can you repeat that?” he asked, trying and failing to keep his voice steady.King T’Challa eyed him sympathetically and inclined his head. “In the wake of the evidence that Wanda Maximoff has been influencing and controlling your minds since she engaged the Avengers in Sokovia, you have all been cleared of all charges in every country that brought a suit against you.”Steve’s mouth opened and closed, surprise cutting through his numbness. “That seems…extremely generous,” he said finally. He heard noises of stunned agreement from the other Rogues around the conference table. A series of emotions crossed T’Challa’s face.“Yes, well Dr. Strange’s assessment of her degree of control over your minds made a quite…convincing argument for your having no power over your actions,” the king stated, his own opinion on the matter carefully concealed. The Dora Milaje behind him were similarly expressionless. “That’s bullshit. People died,” Clint said hoarsely, and Steve looked at his hands in silent agreement. “We…we shouldn’t get off free after that.” King T’Challa cleared his throat, an expression of sympathy crossing his face.“By that logic, Mr. Barnes should still be locked up,” he said gently, and Steve’s heart froze. His eyes darted to Bucky, whose face revealed nothing, gaze locked steadily on the king’s face.“What’s that supposed to mean? Bucky did nothing wrong, he was being controlled by Hydra,” he snapped, unable to help himself at the defense. T’Challa raised an eyebrow.“That same logic can be applied to all of you,” the king pointed out, and Steve swallowed.“It’s not the same,” he protested, but his voice sounded weak to his own ears.“And why’s that?” T’Challa asked carefully.“Because – because,” Steve choked, uncertain if he could finish his sentence. But the words burst out of him, almost as though of their own accord, as though they simply had to be said and not even his own guilty conscience could hold them back. “Because I killed Tony Stark!”“Steve – “ Sam protested, but Steve shook his head, unwilling to hear any comforting words. He ached, the words pouring forth like water bursting from a dam.“I killed him, I killed Iron Man, how can that just go away?” he asked, voice rising in something akin to hysteria. The other Rogues around the table were studiously avoiding his gaze now, though the king’s eyes were still meeting his calmly.“And I killed Howard and Maria Stark,” Bucky said quietly, and all eyes snapped to him. But Bucky’s eyes were locked on Steve. “You didn’t want to. You wouldn’t have done it if you could help it. But someone made you. Just like me.”“Buck,” Steve said weakly. “It’s not the same. Hydra took away your memories and took away your free will.” But Bucky was unflinching at his denial. “And the witch bent you to her will. You’ve told me how much she hated Stark. There wasn’t anything you could’ve done to stop yourself under her control,” Bucky said firmly. Though the words didn’t do much to soothe Steve, he could see that Bucky’s defense was having an absolving effect on the others sitting around the table, a mixture of guilt and hope for forgiveness highlighted in the tension in his friends’ shoulders.“That’s not…” Steve’s voice trailed off, and he wasn’t sure even where he’d intended for that sentence to go. Not good enough? Not fair? Not going to bring Tony back?He wanted his team to find peace with everything that had happened; heaven knew he’d have been the first to offer them absolution for everything they’d done under Wanda’s control if he could. But for him? How could he seek any measure of peace when his hands had murdered his friend and ally? A grieving son, a good man? A hero?But his inner turmoil couldn’t intrude on T’Challa’s hospitality forever, and the king cleared his throat.“Regardless of whether or not you believe you should be forgiven, the decision to clear you has been made. The quinjet is waiting in the hangar to take you to the Compound, where an Accords council member will be waiting to discuss the details of your return with you,” T’Challa said, his voice the very epitome of professionalism.And those words were what it took for the information to start to hit Steve. They were going home. They were going home. Two years after seeking sanctuary in Wakanda, two months after Wanda’s death at the hands of the Dora Milaje after the witch lost her temper and endangered the lives of civilians around her, one month and 29 days since Steve and the other Rogues had woken as though from a deep sleep with scattered memories and a sense of deep personal horror, and they were finally returning home.But Steve wasn’t entirely sure he could call it a home.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
honestly all my boys need hugs
these poor children
not wanda maximoff friendly
seriously read that tag
the rogues got mind controlled by wanda and are Not Happy about it
BAMF Tony Stark
Age Regression/De-Aging
de aged tony stark
Tony Stark-centric
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
But No Team Cap Bashing
Fix-It
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Angst and Feels
Slow Burn
Healing
seriously these boys have some major healing to do before they get together
Extremis Tony Stark
Minor Character Death
Character Death
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
this is still team cap friendly
but the authors opinion is that team cap fucked up and that has to be acknowledged
so i want to clarify that that im firmly team iron man
Kidnapping
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
americas ass
Team as Family
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

