Chapter 1: bad boys and secrets (bucky/darcy)
    




Chapter Text


Bad boys and secrets are hard to keep

When they had first started seeing each other, sneaking around gave Darcy a thrill.  She was pulling one over on some of the best spies in the business.  (Of course, that was probably more due to his skills than hers, but whatever.)  However, it didn’t take long for the shine to wear off and for Darcy to want things to be a little more...public with the two of them.  But when she broached it with him, he had stalked out.That was a week ago.
She is moping in the lab one day when Jane said something that shocks her.  “Did something happen with you and Barnes?” she asks after Darcy had sighed for what seemed like the hundredth time.
Darcy is so startled she falls out of the chair.  “What? What are you talking about?” she asks, sprawled on the floor.  “There is no me and Barnes,” she deflects.
Jane throws a pencil at her. “Don’t lie to me, Lewis. I saw the beard burn under your scarf.  The only men in the Tower with facial hair are Thor, Stark, and Barnes. I know you’re not sleeping with the first two.  Ergo, what happened with you and Barnes?”
Does flops down on the floor and groans loudly.  “Ugh, does everyone know?” she whines.
Jane shrugs. “Probably.  Superheroes gossip worse than middle schoolers.”
Darcy just groans again and covers her face with her hands.  “I said something about maybe going out to dinner and a movie and it just...escalated until he just walked out.”
Jane rolls over from her workbench and lays down with Darcy on the floor.  After a few moments of silence, Jane says conversationally, “You know what I realized when I started to date Thor?”  Darcy grunts, and Jane takes that as a sign to continue.  “He was the first guy I’d been with who bragged to his friends about my research.”
Darcy props herself up on her elbows and stares at Jane.  “What are you trying to say, boss lady?”
Jane pulls herself back up as well.  “That you should be with someone who is proud of you, no matter what the circumstances.”  With those words of wisdom, she gets back in her chair, rolls back over to her workbench, and goes back to work re-calibrating one of her machines.
 
After some girding of her (mental) loins, Darcy tracks down Bucky to the gym.  He and Natasha are sparring, and she watches for a few minutes.  Their moves are primal, and something about the way they grin ferally as they circle each other just screams foreplay in Darcy’s mind.  As she watches, they execute a series of moves that end with Bucky pinning Natasha down to the floor.  He looms over her, her wrists pinned under his hands, and after a few moments of chests heaving and sweat dripping, he kisses her.
Darcy throws the first item she finds (a 10-pound dumbbell) at his head.  As it clatters to the floor, she braces herself for retaliation from one (or both) of them.
“I see now that you were never mine to make a claim on,” she says coldly, knees shaking from fear and anger as she stares at them.  Before either of them can respond, she turns sharply on her heel and walks out.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
Darcy Lewis/Eliot Spencer

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Drabble Collection
bad!Darcy
soul mates
Angst
Comfort
Clothing
Women Being Awesome
ladies being friends
goddess!Darcy
Charlie's Angels - Freeform
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Books
Crossover
AUs
matchmaker!Natasha
Kid Fic
Haircuts
messed up family trees
Mutant!Darcy
noir
Plot Twists
Darcy with powers
Implied abuse
possible trigger warnings
Natasha is a goober
bartending
Alcohol
short fic
Ficlet Collection
art talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
Darcy Lewis/Eliot Spencer

