Work Text:
Steve scrubbed his towel over his face then turned back to the mat. "Square up."Tony scowled, but settled into his stance. He wasn't bad, but Steve could see the openings on him like they were highlighted in neon. He charged and Tony dodged, but not fast enough. Steve hooked his waist then twisted him to the ground, slamming him into the mats.Tony cursed and his face screwed up with pain, but he shook it off and stood again. He huffed out a sharp breath then twisted and grabbed Steve by the arm. They tumbled to the mats, wrestling gracelessly. Tony's alpha pheromones were pumping into the space between them as he sweated. He smelled angry. Steve imagined he smelled pretty damn angry himself."Get the fuck off me," Tony growled, when Steve pinned him for a second too long. He had the urge to scent him, rub his nose in behind his ear and get that pungent spice all up in his lungs.Steve jumped back and shook off the urge. He was hot, flushed, and riled up from their sparring session. "Come on, Stark, you can do better than that," he taunted, wanting to see the flash of anger in Tony's eyes.He got his reward. "Fuck off." Tony charged again and they traded blows, hot breath panting out between them. Steve jolted sharply when his back hit the wall unexpectedly, and Tony pressed up against him. "’Put on the suit,’ huh? Thought I was nothing without it?" Tony's voice had dropped low and rough.Steve's eyes cut down to the jut of Tony's jaw. He growled then shoved hard, knocking him back. Tony blocked his next two hits, but his eyes went wide when Steve ducked under and got him in the ribs. He grappled with him, taking him to the floor again, Tony's wrists pinned to the mat with Steve's grip. "Thought everything special about me came out of a bottle?" he hissed back. "But I can out-strategize you without the serum any day."Tony rumbled back, but Steve didn't let him up this time, letting his full weight hold Tony to the mat. "Fuck you, Rogers. Get off.""You'd like that wouldn't you," Steve snapped back, before he realized what he was saying. When the innuendo sunk in, they both froze. There was something in Tony's eye, almost challenging, daring, and Steve was never one to back down from a challenge. He rammed his nose against Tony's scent gland and pushed, sucking in. He was hot and spicy, nothing like the sweet, sugary hit of an omega, but it got Steve's blood pumping nonetheless.Tony's hands jumped up and grabbed two fistfuls of Steve's hair. Steve pulled back, looking to find Tony's eyes, but instead Tony twisted his face and pressed their lips together. It wasn't a kiss, at least nothing like any of the kisses Steve had ever had. Tony was all teeth and tongue and desperation, sucking Steve's bottom lip in to nip at it then licking into his mouth. Steve gave as good as he got, and it wasn't long before their chests were heaving with heavy breaths, sweaty skin rubbing together. Tony's legs fell open, and Steve slotted between them. He could feel the bulge in Tony's sweatpants and he shifted around until he knew Tony could feel his pressed up against it."So that's it?" Tony huffed out between frantic, biting kisses. "We just needed to screw away our differences?""Maybe," Steve admitted with a groan. "You - you make me -  gah." "Ever been with another alpha before?" Tony asked, and Steve pulled back to find his face, suddenly wondering if Tony was making fun of him. He hadn't, though he'd had a crush on Peggy he'd never admitted to anyone. Alphas didn't date alphas, at least not back then. It wasn't done.And Bucky had been his only omega.With Bucky gone, it was hard to face the idea of taking on another omega, of giving someone the same trust and openness he'd had with his best friend and partner, but it didn't mean he didn't have urges. And the way Tony was rutting up against his thigh was bringing all of them to the forefront."No," Steve breathed, pressing down into the heat of Tony's long lines. "We couldn't -""But you've thought about it?""Maybe. I -"The door clanged open, and Steve levitated off of Tony, flinging himself towards his towel and water bottle and trying to will down the half-erection Tony had inspired. He heard Tony chuckling behind him, but he ignored it, and after a few deep breaths, he turned around to see Natasha crossing the gym towards the ballet barre. She waved at him and he nodded back."If you think you can take me," Tony whispered darkly in his ear, and Steve failed to suppress the shudder that ricocheted down his spine, "then come up to my penthouse tonight at eight and prove it."A moment later, the door to the gym open and shut again. Steve looked up to find himself alone with Natasha, heat thudding through his veins."You okay?" she asked, pulling off her sweater before starting to stretch."Yup," Steve replied, knowing it sounded strained."I didn't mean to interrupt your sparring.""No, it's okay. We were just finishing up anyway. Tony had a thing.""Okay." Natasha went back to h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Relationship Negotiations
Relationship Development
Explicit Sexual Content
Knotting
Scenting
Double Knotting
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Alpha/Alpha
No CW Angst
Touches on WS
Love
Fluff
Nesting
Jealousy
Some angst
Happy Ending
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Switching
flip fucking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

