Chapter 1: I
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  Tony watched absently as his mother brushed his hair, sighing softly as his unruly locks refused to comport themselves to her will. In the end, she doused his head in half a bottle of hairspray, pressed hard on his wild mane, and nodded in satisfaction when it finally stayed.  Maybe Dad was right. A firm hand was just what he needed to fall in line. She dabbed some concealer lightly over his cheekbone, attempting to mask a bruise, by then a faded yellow-brown. It had been worth a shot, speaking up before forever holding his peace. What was a blow to the head compared to a lifetime of indentured servitude? He’d debated, argued, then begged. Before slamming the table and raising his voice, prompting his father to raise his hand. It was for his own good. Howard said. Like everything else he'd ever done for him. Striking him was for his own good too. So, why then, did he almost seem to feel bad about it, eyes red and face pale as he looked him over to see the damage he’d caused? Tony ached for his dad to take him into his arms, but he soon remembered how the same arms were about to cast him out, into the hands of a complete stranger. I hate you. He cried, the words of a wounded heart yearning for acceptance, affection and maybe love.  “Does it still hurt?” his mom asked, pausing to look at him closely. “No,” he told her, putting on a brave smile. It couldn't hurt when he was almost dead inside. She nodded, tightening the bowtie around his collar, like a noose around the neck, sealing his fate.   “Captain Rogers is a good man. He’ll take care of you.” “Yeah.” Standing, he allowed her to help him into his black jacket, meant to protect him from the elements that chilly, autumn evening. It was just too bad the cold was on the inside.  “You look nice,” she said, trying her best to sound cheerful. “I'm going to miss you." "Thanks, Mom.” He kissed her softly on her cheek, just before Jarvis arrived to take him to the entrance of the church, where their guests had gathered. His father was already waiting, looking excited and eager to give him away. He offered Tony his arm and a soft smile, both of which he gratefully accepted. Affection was a currency his dad was stingy with and over the years, Tony had learnt to be thankful for the scraps. He looked up at the heavy church doors staring him down, judging his worth as they slowly opened, their hinges whining in protest of the impending ceremony and the countless ones preceding it. He barely noticed the soft music above the beating of his heart. He tried to remember his mother’s instructions. Back straight. Chin up. Smile. He was going to do this. Captain Rogers gave him a small smile as their eyes met so Tony returned it. Maybe life would be okay if his husband liked him. Was there an alternate universe where he could have been happy about this? It wasn't so long ago when the captain was a figure he read about in History books. He even did a project about him. He knew about his childhood struggles, the serum, the Howling Commandos, his battles with Hydra and finally, his death. Except he hadn't died. He was very much alive and about to marry him. Like Howard, Tony was more than a little obsessed. He kept his posters and a complete collection of his cards. They were mint. Was it impertinent to ask him to autograph them, now that they were about to be married? Tony was thrilled when they found Captain America, alive no less, in the ice. Like everyone else, Tony thought he would jump right back into the military, follow orders, serve. It seemed like it wasn't so easy adjusting to life forty years in the future. While the captain slept, the world spun on and the ones he loved had moved on with their lives. He laid down his life to save millions only to find out the war wasn’t over. Add that to a healthy dose of post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and the nation had a super (unbalanced) soldier on their hands. What did the country do with unstable alpha heroes? They gave them volatile omegas to make them happy. Tony would have laughed, if he hadn't been too busy being horrified, when he first heard of his father’s plans to marry him to Captain Rogers. He was supposed to help! Do his part for the country like a war prize. Tony tried to remember the last time his father looked at him the way he was looking at the captain. Howard’s shining eyes when he made his first circuit board and his first engine. Dad's bright smile after he’d successfully taught Tony to use a welding iron. When Tony received an award from M.I.T for his robot design, he was in the front row applauding his achievement. All he seemed to do after his body betrayed him was to disappoint his dad. Tony let out a sigh, resigned to his fate. If he couldn’t be the son Howard desired, he was at least giving him a son-in-law to be proud of. Tony stole a quick glance as the captain recited his vows, p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Strangers to Lovers
Mutual Pining
Misunderstandings
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Minor Character Death
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Torture
BAMF Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Age Difference
Coming of Age
Alpha Steve
Omega Tony
Superhusbands
Avengers Family
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

