Chapter 1: I'm a Web-slinger
    


Notes:
Endgame is coming in literally 9 days but I'm watching it in 10 and overtime I go on my feed on Instagram I scream cause I'm gonna miss the original 6!!  I actually wanted to get this out before Endgame because it was sitting in my files just waiting to be uploaded, or at least the skeletons of the first few chapters were. I have the whole thing planned out, and when I mean whole thing I mean not only all 16 chapters and whats gonna happen in each of them but the prequels to those to. I just think the prequels will make more sense if you read the main story, which does have backround depictions in them. It's just a matter of writing them.Enjoy!




Chapter Text
Chapter 1- I’m a Webslinger They don’t own a gun. His Aunt was dead. A bullet hole in her head and a gun in her limp hand. Peter was smart, it only took two seconds to figure out what happened. He should be scared, terrified, or traumatized. But the only thing his frozen form can process is that: Ben owned a gun...but May buried it with him...right? … Right? The gun in May’s hand looked awfully like the one that Ben had kept in their dresser in the top drawer along with his cards and keys. The steely black that now had bloody limp fingers  curled around it, couldn’t hide the curve of the trigger. The scent of gunpowder and the tendril of smoke from the exit point of the gun. Peter wasn’t surprised. He wasn’t scared that he wasn’t surprised. This happened all the time. Everyone goes away eventually. Everyone leaves him at some point. Get tired of him. This happened all the time. It still didn’t stop the ache that he refused to acknowledge. After a good hour of just staring into a void, trying to figure out how this changed his life and what he was going to do but kept drawing a blank when he looked at the body again, he called someone. Not the police, or his ex friends. No,  he called the director of SHIELD himself. The teenager never called SHIELD, he was too busy and never had a right reason to call, he couldn’t imagine what it was like for a director of a secret society that manages the Avengers. He probably didn’t want to here about a common mugger or a math test or a guy in a wingsuit that was carrying  alien weapons ohmygodhesgonnakillyou! And besides he didn’t like depending on Fury. On anybody really. It made it harder for him to let them go when they left. He’s never had anyone to depend on in the past. Not really. The phone picked up on the fifth ring and answered with a tired and irritated “You little shit.” Yeah that was about right.  Fury sounded like this was such an annoyance, which it probably was. But to be fair Peter hadn’t picked up Fury’s calls in months. It was always something or another and Peter never wanted to get Fury or SHIELD involved, even if they could help.  Nor did he want any part in his sneaky sneaky spying thing. “I need you to pick me up.” he said and it was so deadpanned and even he didn’t know how he did it himself. How emotionless his voice was, when his head was so full of feelings and plans and just everything. It was giving him a headache. “Why?” the older man asked, his tone didn’t change.
“My aunt committed suicide.” Peter said in the same tone and he could hear the tenseness from the other person and sighed. “What am I supposed to do about it?” Fury growled out only missing a beat. Despite the situation Peter’s mouth quirked up for a second but went back down at the sight of the dead body of his aunt. It was just so rewarding when he got a rise out of the man. But there were people dead...but then again that was kinda normal so... “And also the scent of the blood is making me sick and the sight is just… I feel weird… c-can you just-” Peter plowed on like Fury hadn’t spoken was growing quieter and quieter. So maybe feelings decided to visit his voice after all, he tried to choke it back. Fury wouldn’t do anything about that part, Peter had to figure out his own physiological mess of a mind he had. Fury wouldn’t give a shit if he was crying or not. “Whatever.” And Peter nodded like it solved everything. But SHIELD would handle the body, Peter never like handling bodies. He wished that they could sweep this under the rug, they probably would officially. He wished it did the same for mentally. They didn’t own a gun. OoOoO1 year later... “That’s it. It’s official. I hate explosions.” Peter gritted through the comms, as he got out of the burning building with the last two kids he managed to get out, but not without burns to his sides. A flaming beam had  fell on him on the way in and he’d managed to avoid such incidents on the way out with the kids. “Comes with the job.” Clint’s blunt gruff voice mentioned. There was no room for argument and Peter wanted to sigh. There was an unspoken ‘If you can’t handle it, then leave.’ And Peter wanted to scream like a kid, because he couldn’t just leave people to suffer. Not anymore. Especially now, That much was obvious, if the conti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romonov & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Heavy Angst
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Genius Peter
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Tony Stark is acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
inaccurate usage of political system
inaccurate usage of Science
Team Red
Tony Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark is kinda good with kids
BAMF Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Drug Addiction
Starvation
Child Abuse
inaccurate usage of military system
Child Soldiers
Human Experimentation
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Sensory Overload
Child Abandonment
cursing
Hydra Peter Parker
Dark Peter Parker
Controversial Topics
Not Canon Compliant
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Natasha Romanov
Parent Bucky Barnes
Kid Peter Parker
Fury cares just don't tell anyone
MAIN FIC!!
Russian!Peter Parker
Redemption
Wade Wilson is a Good Bro
Accepting podfics to whomever is insane enough to do it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romonov & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

