Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was out on patrol when it happened. He didn’t really know what ‘it’ was but he felt different. He felt lighter but he also felt more clumsy and weak. He climbed up to a rooftop and took his mask off. He looked down at his mask in his hands and noticed something weird. His hands looked really tiny, almost like... baby hands. “Karen, wha- what happened?” Peter asked but his voice sounded really weird. It sounded really high pitched. Well, it was always high pitched but it sounded like a different kind of high pitched. “I am unaware of what happened to you Peter,” Karen said being unhelpful “I suggest you go to Mr. Stark” Peter mumbled out as he pulled his mask back on and began webbing to the tower. He’s webbed to the tower many times before but for some reason this time it felt really tiring. His arms were killing him and he felt extremely weak. Peter knew that if he went to Mr. Stark for this, he’ll be able to help him because Mr. Stark always fixed things. When Peter finally got to the tower he climbed to the top and entered through the window that led into the living room that he would usually enter when he visited the tower on patrols. He climbed through the window and took off his mask tossing it on the ground.  He looked around and everything looked bigger than usual. It was either everything got bigger or he got smaller. Looking down on his little legs he guessed he got smaller. “FRIDAY, where’s Mr. Stark?” Peter asked wincing at his tiny voice. “Boss is currently in his lab. Would you like me to get him for you?” FRIDAY said and Peter nodded his head. “Yeah” .
.
.Tony was in the lab working on his Ironman armour when FRIDAY spoke up. “Boss, Peter is requesting your presence in the living room” FRIDAY spoke sounding worried.Well, worried enough for an AI. “Is he Okay?” Tony asked already making his way to the living room. Tonys heart was already starting to beat really fast, what if something happened to Peter, he thought. He made his way into the elevator and went to the living room. Once he got there he ran out of the elevator looking for Peter. “Kid?” Tony called out still not seeing Peter. “Mr. Stark” he heard a little voice sounding almost like a child. Well, Peter was a child but this sounded like a baby. Tony turned around to the sound of the voice and saw a little person. “What the-“ Tony almost yelled out shocked at what he was seeing. The little person walked closer to Tony “Mr. Stark,” it sounded really scared “I don’t know what happened. I was just on patrol and then I don’t know” The little person walked closer to Tony and Tony backed away. “Uh, who are you?” Tony asked kinda scared as to why this little thing was in his tower. “I’m Peter, Peter Parker” At that Tonys eyes went wide. This was not Peter. Peter was a fifteen year old kid, not this little baby. But now that he looked at the little boy he realized the resemblance. The little boy had big brown puppy dog eyes with curly chocolate brown hair and round cheeks with big ears. Tony knelt down in front of the kid.“If you’re Peter then...” Tony tried to think of something only him and Peter would know “what did we do last Friday night?” The kid seemed to think for a second then his wide brown eyes lit up “we watched Transformers then Dummy made us hot chocolate with motor oil” the kid giggled. Oh shit. It was Peter. Tony looked at Peter wide eyed as he took it in. Peter was a baby. How was this possible. He just saw the kid two days ago when he was the size of a fifteen year old and now he was not even three feet tall. “Peter” Tony asked in disbelief. Peter looked up at him hopefully and nodded his head. “I don’t know- know what happened” Peter said as his eyes started to get tears in them. Tony hated seeing big Peter cry but seeing baby Peter cry broke his heart. “It’s okay, I’ll fix it” Tony didn’t want to promise Peter because he wasn’t even sure this was possible. Peter nodded his head as Tony stood up and started to walk towards the lab. He didn’t turn around because he knew Peter was following him based on the little footsteps he heard. They got into the elevator then went down to the lab. Tony started looking some stuff up on his computer and trying to figure some stuff out. He turned around to face Peter. “Alright, I know you don’t like your blood being taken but I need your blood sample,” Tony said as he walked over to his station “come sit here, Pete” Peter slowly walked over to Tony and tried to get on the chair but he was too small so he looked up at Tony. Tony watched him struggle not really knowing what to do. He looked at Peter then he awkwardly picked him up by the underarms and put him on the chair. “Uh, I’m just gonna take your suit off” Tony said as he pressed the middle button and the suit came off. He peeled it down to Peters waist. Peter watched with curious eyes as Tony got a needle ready. “Remember Peter,” Tony said as he picked up Peters arm and cleaned the spot. Tony knew how m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Baby Peter Parker
Age Regression/De-Aging
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bodily Fluids
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Father-Son Relationship
Crying
Baby Peter
Diapers
Accidental wetting
Bed-Wetting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

