Chapter 1: Peter Was Two Feet Taller A Few Hours Ago
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony paces anxiously in the living room, itching for a drink but somehow refraining (thank you self control).
 
Most of the other Avengers and Co. are in the living room with him, scattered around, sitting on the couches and bouncing their legs nervously or leaning against the walls. The only people missing, down in the medical wing of the compound, are Bruce and Thor. And Peter.
 
Peter, who shouldn’t have even been in that fight.
 
Though, Tony supposes, ‘fight’ is a loose term.
 
It started with Loki and Thor having some kind of argument about some very square shaped little alien buggers that were wandering around in a cornfield in Pennsylvania. Despite the Gods’ insistence that they had the situation handled and that the threats were, while technically threatening, not actually violent yet, a few of the Avengers had suited up and hopped on the jet.
 
Tony, Natasha, and Steve were supposed to be going.
 
Peter was not invited.
 
Somehow, the kid still ended up in a fucking cornfield in fucking Pennsylvania, and then that little grubby looking square creature was throwing things at them, and there was this blue powder and Loki did some magic shit, god, Tony doesn’t even know, and then Peter was falling over unconscious.
 
Tony caught him before he hit the ground and looked very pointedly at Thor, who quickly assured him that Peter would be ok, but they definitely needed to get him to the compound asap. After which, Thor gave Loki a death-threat glare and told him he should get back to Asgard (where, exactly, Asgard was currently positioned, Tony’s not sure).
 
So now Tony is waiting impatiently as ever in the living room while Thor and Bruce take care of Peter, and “wait for the effects to kick in” as Thor put it. He said some people are immune to the plants (because apparently the freaky blue powder was a plant), so to preserve Peter’s dignity in the event he is unaffected, Thor would wait and see, and if Peter succumbs to the drug, then the boy himself could reveal the outcome.
 
Tony hates that logic passionately, but he trusts the God, who assures him constantly that no harm will come to Peter.
 
It’s still hell, pacing around the coffee table, waiting to figure out what’s going on.
 
They wait for maybe twenty more minutes after Clint tells Tony “for the millionth time, Tony, if Thor says the kid’s fine, then he’s fine” before Thor enters the living room.
 
“So? What’s the verdict Point Break? What’s goin’ on?” Tony asks intently, and the group collectively turn to Thor. Steve stands up. Thor sighs and gives him a sympathetic smile.
 
“It appears the spider boy is susceptible to the Jegne, after all,” he begins. Tony doesn’t want to try to pronounce that word but he’s pretty sure those were the freaky square guys.
 
“And?” Comes Bucky’s voice from where he’s braced against the wall at the back of the room. Thor seems to shift a bit uncomfortable, but he composes himself and offers them a reassuring expression.
 
“I assure you, the condition is temporary. He should be restored within a few weeks. He suffers no pain, though Banner has confirmed that his spider abilities will be dormant until he is returned to an unaffected state. I would request, on Peter’s behalf, that you try to keep judgement to yourself. He is not particularly fond of his situation,” the god says, before turning and gesturing to the hall.
 
Bruce comes into view first, one of his arms angled back. And then Tony sees the hand holding Banner’s hand, and then-
Holy shit.
 
What the fuck?
 
It’s Peter. Tony knows it’s Peter. It looks like Peter. But he’s… he’s…
 
Small.
 
He must be under four feet tall. Same unruly chestnut hair and big, caramel colored doe eyes, but… his hair looks fluffier. Those eyes are bigger. His nose is tiny and round and his cheeks are a little chubby, painted pink, and he’s got freckles, and his lips look a little less thin, and his ears are puny, like he hasn’t grown into his own face yet. He’s wearing one of his own hoodies, Tony recognizes the faded red sweatshirt, but it swamps him. The top cuts off just an inch or so above the boxers, which are definitely boxers (Tony has seen them in the fucking laundry) but reach the tops of Peter’s knees now. And he’s barefoot and holding Bruce’s hand and Tony can see how he’s stumbling over his own feet a little, even from here, and his eyes are a little red rimmed and glossy, and, jesus christ, holy shit-
 
He’s so fucking little.
 
Peter looks at Tony, worrying his bottom lip and glancing only between Tony, Thor, and Bruce, avoiding looking at the other Avengers. That is, until Sam Wilson bursts out laughing.
 
“Oh man, Pete, how,” he’s laughing to hard, “how the hell did you manage that?! You’re like, you’re like a toddler or something!” He’s bending over the couch, slapping the cushions. Clint is chuckling in a more goo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
De-Aged Peter
Fluff
the avengers are all happy and live together in the compound because i said so
Not Canon Compliant
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Peter Parker
Light Angst
Tickling
Kidnapping
Peter Parker is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

