Chapter 1



Notes:
I hope you guys like it.  I'm mostly writing this for fun because I have a lot of free time write now.  Let me know what you think and I'll see how I can improve it along the way and I'll update as often as I can.  Which will be often.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony was a bundle of nerves. He was sitting in the nicest limo he had ever been in, the only limo, and eating snacks he couldn’t even pronounce. The only problem, he was sure he was here for only one reason. He had hacked into Justin Hammer’s “secure” bank information last week. Hardly took him any time at all. He didn’t take a lot, just enough to feed him for the month. His parents were busy with the bills.So when the limo pulled up next to him on his walk home from Burger King and he was pulled inside by the goon stereotype, he was scared. Then when he saw richest man in America, Justin Hammer, sitting across from him, he mentally kicked himself and calculated his best chance for survival of jumping out of a moving vehicle.“Kidnapping is illegal.” Tony smiled at the man. Hammer picked at his teeth and looked down at him.“So is stealing money. My money.” He held out candy bar to the boy. “Honestly, it was quiet impressive. When we traced the signal to your shitty little apartment and got all the information on the happy family. We thought it was one of your parents but your dad is too focused on his drinking he can hardly keep his job and your mom- well she’s lovely.” Hammer smirked as Tony glanced around and pretended to read the foreign writing on his candy.“I won’t tell if you don’t.” Tony eyed Hammer while he fidgeted between the large man who threw in and the locked door. The older man’s smile widened.“You’re 15, kid?”“Yes, but not a kid. I did manage to get into your oh so secure bank account. Didn’t you set up that security yourself?” Tony glared. He knew he should learn to keep his mouth shut. He was kidnapped and he couldn’t help himself. He pulled out his phone.“Shouldn’t you be at school?” Hammer said as he straightened his tie, anger filling his eyes.  "Little kids go to school."“Shouldn’t you be updating your network security? Just gained access to Hammer Industries Secure Files.  What is 'Project Mare'?” Tony held up his phone. He was an idiot. A genius, but an idiot. Anger the scary people who picked you up off the street, brilliant Tony. “Graduated last year.”“I like you.” Hammer murmured. The sharp look in his eyes said otherwise. The limo pulled up in front of his building. Tony grimaced at the thought of all the wrong people who will see him climb out of here. “I have grown up things to go do, but I’ll keep in touch.”With that the door unlocked and Tony was shoved out. As he frowned at the limo speeding away he was tempted to stick his tongue out.  Okay, he did. Then he noticed how dark it was.~~~Tony ran into his building and ignored the smells of beer and piss. He ran up the stairs and down the hall, stopping just outside his door and listened. He heard the quiet whir of the tv and the angry mumblings of his dad on the other side. With a deep breath he entered.His mom was passed out on the couch with a small stream of drool dripping off her chin, nothing surprising. Howard was watching some comedy through the static of their television, empty bottles of beer at his feet.“Where the hell have you been?” Howard said as he glanced up.“Nowhere. Just being productive.” Tony said. Trying to quickly slip past and get to his room. Howard stood and grabbed him by the arm.“I asked you where you’ve been.” Tony tensed up, recognizing the look in his father’s eyes. Drunk anger. He couldn’t get out of this no matter what he said.“I was just out getting something to eat.” Tony whispered. It was the truth, usually the truth hurt less.“Are you saying I can’t provide for my family? You could eat here.” Howard’s grip tightened and he slammed Tony against the wall.“There isn’t anything here! You blow everything on alcohol and mom spends it all on drugs!” There is was again, his mouth. And there was what it usually brought him, a fist to the gut.“I work my ass off at that damn garage so you can live here. You’re just ungrateful.” Another fist, this time to the jaw. Howard stumbled back then. Falling into his chair and reaching for his beer.Tony locked the door to his room after he entered. He left the light off and slowly made his way through the maze of books he had stacked around. Once he fell into his bed he simply held his stomach and rubbed his jaw until he fell asleep.~~~The next morning had its usual feeling of wrongness. Howard would be at work, fixing cars making the apartment seem peaceful. His mom would be scrubbing the kitchen and humming to herself. Tony touched her shoulder gently after she had been washing the same spot on the counter for ten minutes. She blinked at him with a gentle smile and went back to her scrubbing.Tony sat down in front of the tv wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
They're all buddies
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

freeform: 
Kid Tony Stark
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony
Protective Avengers
Alternate Universe
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Protective Clint
Obadiah Stane is an Ass
Justin Hammer is also an ass
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Torture
Tony Angst
Domestic Avengers
Deaf Clint Barton

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
They're all buddies
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

