Chapter 1: my own left hand
    




Chapter Text
He was late for his own damned test.Not like, late for a test he had to take, but late to give a stupid makeup test to the slackers in his class. Honestly, it was ridiculous. He’d given the world’s easiest midterm exam so that he wouldn’t have to do any extra work over Spring Break, and even his worst students should have managed an A on it. These two, though, they had managed the one thing he couldn’t have accounted for. They hadn’t fucking shown up.The only way that this test could have caused him any trouble at all, and these two found it. It was like they were trying to make his life difficult. Well, one of them was. The other was just following a bad influence.It shouldn’t be a surprise, though. One was the class troublemaker – the one who was goddamned brilliant and should have been pulling down an A easy, but just didn’t seem to give a fuck. The other was his little follower, the one whose greatest asset was his pretty face, and unfortunately for him, that didn’t really affect his ability to perform in a science class.They were probably the ones who had turned all the stupid sports pennants upside down in the gym, and they’d probably done it while they were supposed to be taking his damned test. He wanted to just fail them, but soft-hearted Dean of Students Maria Hill wanted everyone to have an extra chance. Well, really, she just wanted to force Tony to come in to administer a stupid damned test on a Saturday.“Oh, I’m sorry Tony, did you have plans for Spring Break? Sorry, Dear, life of a teacher. Maybe you should go work for your Daddy?” Her smirk made the irritation even worse. He hated when people who didn’t even know him thought they understood him.How was he supposed to respond to that in a way that didn’t get him fired?So there he was, on a Saturday morning, coming in to give his two most annoying students a test that should have been unfailable. Somehow, he figured that blondie – Fandral – would manage to find a way to fail. The last test, half his answers had been filled in with ‘I don’t know.’ Honest, he supposed. Loki, the brilliant and irritating little shit, had gotten every single answer right, then crossed out his answers and written “I reject your reality and substitute my own.”Tony had given him an F on principle.His father had come to parent night some weeks later, and congratulated Tony on finally being the teacher to give his ‘spoiled brat of a son the treatment he deserved.’Somehow, this had not made Tony feel better. It was a little like his first A- in college, given because his dialogue in fiction writing wasn’t realistic enough. ‘Real people talk more than this, Mr. Stark.’ Maybe real people who weren’t his family did. Didn’t she say write what you know? A fourteen year old in college didn’t chat with frat buddies, date twenty year old girls, or have a meaningful relationship with his family. But his father had said that if he couldn’t follow directions, he deserved the bad grade. So he’d graduated with a GPA of 4.31, because of one stupid A-.It had been too late to change the grade on Loki’s test, though. Showing weakness to teenagers was a little like cutting your hand open and jumping in a shark tank. There were theoretically things that were less intelligent, but he couldn’t think of any. And did it really matter, if you were going to die one way or the other?He refused to go down without a fight, though.So there he was, on a Saturday morning when he should have been still asleep in bed, or curled up with Neil DeGrasse Tyson’s most recent book, headed to administer a late midterm.He’d bought himself two cups of coffee, and finished one on the drive over. No one needed to know that he’d Irished up the second one. A lot. If he was going to deal with these two on his vacation, he refused to do it completely sober.Imagine his surprise when he found Hill leaving as he came in. Shit. He hoped he didn’t smell of booze.She smiled broadly at him. That didn’t bode well for his future. “I see you’re late. Your students were waiting outside, so I let them in. They’re waiting in your classroom.”What?“What?” It felt stupid, and it sounded stupid, but what else could he say?“I left your students in your classroom?” She spoke slowly, as though to a particularly slow fourth grader.“You can’t be serious. You just can’t. You left two underachievers alone in a science classroom. Do you have any idea what kind of damage they could do?” He was briefly dumbfounded. What the hell was she thinking? Oh, wait. She was thinking she could fuck him in the ass, figuratively speaking.“Well gee, Tony… I guess you shouldn’t have left them unattended in a classroom. Not their fault they were on time and you weren’t.” Why did she hate him so much? He hadn’t ever dated her. He hadn’t even met her before arriving at the school, and she had immediately hated him. Everything he did was wrong, and every time she could, she made his life more difficult.“Did I do so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - High School
Smut
more smut
Warning: Loki
Voyeurism
Feels
Fluff
Accidental Plot

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

