Work Text:
Steve feels it way before any alerts even hit the frequencies.The morning is calm and peaceful, and actually pretty normal considering the the Avengers’ usual standards. The sun is shining bright through the windows, the sky is clear and blue and nothing is trying to attack New York or the rest of the planet. Steve is standing chatting to Bruce at the kitchen counter in the communal area of the tower, coffee mug in hand, when without warning something in his chest draws tight, painfully tight.Barely able to hear anything other than the sudden muffled scream of agony inside his bones, he drops the mug. It hits the ground and shatters, spraying hot coffee all over the tiled floor and the side of the refrigerator.“Steve? Steve!”He takes an unsteady step back, banging his hip into the counter. Presses his hand over his heart, can barely breathe because it honest to god feels like someone has tied a rope around it and is trying to wrench it free from under his sternum.“Tony,” he says distantly, and his legs give out.The alarms sound a moment later. 
 As first meetings went, it could have gone better. “Back off,” Steve snapped, but Tony didn’t. He stepped up close, eyes fixed on Steve’s and glittering with anger. Steve squared his shoulders, refusing to let Tony think he had the control over the situation, over him. Bruce was hovering over by the workbench, looking wary, but Steve barely noticed him.“Or what?” he challenged, looking Steve up and down before lifting an eyebrow in a derisive, scornful way that made Steve want to smack the look right off his face. “Or what, Cap?”“Back. Off,” Steve repeated, and he punctuated the sentence by pressing a hand to the middle of Tony’s chest and shoving him back hard.Instantly, Steve recoiled, grasping hold of his hand with the other and feeling stunned. Tony’s hand flew up to cover the arc reactor and the brown eyes went wide, no longer angry but full of shock and something that looked a little like fear. Without another word, Tony turned on his heel and stalked away, leaving the atmosphere brittle and unsatisfied.“You shouldn’t touch the reactor,” Bruce said into the tense silence that Tony had left behind. Steve glanced at him distractedly, but didn’t say anything. He wasn’t sure if he should admit that he’d jerked back so quickly not because of the feel of metal beneath his palm, but because of the warm tingles that had shot up his fingers and wrist the moment he and Tony had made contact. The sensation lingered, and Steve’s mind distantly recalled a memory of lying on grass next to the edge of a lake, droplets of water drying off of his skin in the warmth of the summer sun.“Steve?”“Yeah, got it,” Steve said abruptly. Brow furrowed, he looked through the doorway that Tony had left through, wondering if Tony had been objecting to him touching the reactor, or if he too had felt the same strange prickling across his skin. 
 The feeling doesn’t fade. Even after he’s pulled unsteadily to his feet by Bruce and Natasha, even as Coulson calls in to confirm that yes there has been an incident and Tony is MIA, it sits there agonizingly in his chest. He keeps a palm pressed to his ribs even as he’s hustled into the conference room, shoved into a chair and told not to move. His breathing is as unsteady as his pulse, short sharp exhales that don’t do anything to diminish the pain. He didn’t know it would ever feel like this. No-one told him it could ever feel like this.The other Avengers, Coulson and Fury are arguing around him. It washes over him; white noise. “-didn’t plan to get himself taken off the street in the middle of fucking Stockholm,” Clint is snapping, and the words faintly register in the back of Steve’s mind. Tony is just supposed to be discussing renewable energy contracts with foreign investors and now he’s been kidnapped somewhere in fucking Europe and he can still somehow feel him-When he thinks why that might be, he almost throws up.“-send a SHIELD squad-” Fury is saying, looking tense. “We know his last location, and you-”“No,” Steve says hoarsely, and everyone’s eyes snap to him. “We’re going." “You are in no fit state to go anywhere,” Fury says frankly, and he’s got that look on his face again, the one that he’d worn when he’d first found out what Steve and Tony had done. He turns away, apparently finished, already dragging his fingers across a holo-screen and speaking to Natasha about the clearance levels of current active agents-“You don’t even know where he is,” Steve says, and he will drag himself to SHIELD and steal a goddamn jet if he has to.Fury cocks an eyebrow.  Behind him, Coulson is still trying to argue his point with Clint; it isn’t going well. “Neither do you.”“Actually, I do,” Steve says. “I can feel him.”Fury just stares at him. So does everyone else. The room is abruptly quiet.“What do you mean, you can feel him?”“Here,” Steve says, and brushes his fingers over his sternum. “He’s hurt. He’s alive. And I can – I can feel it, it’s li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
Stonybingo
Canon-Typical Violence
Kidnapping
Non-Linear Narrative
Soul Bond
prompt - soul bond

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

