Work Text:
Peter was having a really good day up until that moment.He’d woken up on time at the Tower, had breakfast cooked by Captain America himself, made Vision finish Vine references with him, and then laughed at his monotone ‘yeet’ with Wanda. He’d even gave Tony a hug goodbye and said ‘love you, Dad’ in front of the Avengers (which was something he’d only had the confidence to do in private, but after a month of hanging out with them, Peter’s gotten more comfortable than ever before) and managed to get to school on time!Even his classes were pretty fun that day. It was a May Day (“Appropriate name for the days you have to spend with your crazy aunt.”) so Peter was walking back to his apartment instead of the Tower, like he usually did.His spidey-sense had been at a dull throb for most of the day, but that was pretty normal for him with Flash always bullying him. Still, it kept him a little on edge and he just wanted to get home as fast as possible.He ducked into a familiar alleyway as a shortcut.Jamming out to the music in his earphones, Peter didn’t even hear any approaching footsteps. His spidey-sense was pretty hit or miss at times, and Tony had said it was probably because it was still developing, so he didn’t even notice until it was too late.A sharp pain went through his skull, and Peter whipped his head around to see what was going on. He’d only managed to catch a glimpse of a bunch of men in masks before he was ambushed.“Hey, what—?!” Peter cried out as his arms were wrenched behind him at an odd angle, and his legs were kicked out from under him. A sack was placed over his head and tightened, and Peter didn’t even have enough time to call out for help before he felt the pinprick of a needle on his neck, and everything went black.    Tony was having a pretty good day on his end. Things with the Rogues (he should probably stop calling them that huh) were going smoothly, and they were planning their first mission after the Accords. Tony had tried to amend the Accords as much as possible to make even Mr. Righteous sign it, and it seemed like the new revised Accords were enough.“This Hydra base is located up north, near the Canadian border. It doesn’t seem to be a major base, so it should be an easy mission, but we can never be too careful.” Steve said, pointing to a spot on the map where a red dot was placed. “We’ve been practicing mostly individually so far, so I say we do some team training before—”Tony had never been a fan of meetings, so he was hoping for some distraction to allow him to leave.He was going to regret that very soon.His phone vibrated in his pocket with a notification. Tony took out his phone, thinking it might have just been a message from Peter telling him he got home safe (Peter was meant to have gotten home around half an hour ago, so Tony had been waiting for the message), and found it was from May instead.He frowned. Maybe Peter’s phone died and he got May to send him the message instead? Aunt Hottie: Tony, is peter at the tower? He’s not answering my texts Tony quickly typed a reply back. Helicopter Dad: No, he shouldn’t be here today.Helicopter Dad: Let me check He looked up at his teammates. “Excuse me for a moment.”Steve gave him a look.“Hey, I promise I’ll be back! Just checking if Peter’s here.” Tony defended, knowing that Steve probably thought he was going to ditch the meeting like he’d done on many occasions (many, many occasions).Steve sighed, but at the mention of Peter he let Tony go without a fuss. Everyone on the team had a soft spot for the boy.Tony left the room but didn’t go far. Since the walls were glass, the team could still see him as he questioned FRIDAY. “Hey, FRI, is Peter here?”
 “No, Boss. He is not at the Tower at the moment.” 
Now Tony was getting worried. “Is Peter with Karen?” He was careful not to mention Spider-man, as Peter wanted to keep his secret identity a secret from the team for a little while longer, but they had been talking about revealing it to the team soon. “No, Boss. Karen hasn’t seen him since yesterday.”  FRIDAY replied.The man starts pacing up and down the hall to get rid of his nerves. “Bring up his watch stats on my phone.” “Peter is not wearing his watch at the moment. He seems to have left it in his room.”  Tony curses. That boy is going to be the death of him, he’s sure.“Track his phone.” Tony commands. “Tracking now.”  FRIDAY pauses.  “Tracking unsuccessful.” Tony balks, abruptly stopping all movement. “What do you mean  unsuccessful?! ” “There is something blocking the signal from his phone, and I am unsure of what it is. It seems like a firewall; I can’t contact it at all. I am trying to work around it.”  FRIDAY says, her Irish voice sounding almost worried.He lets out his breath in a whoosh, burying his head in his hands. “Oh my god, what is the kid up to now?” Everyone around him had always said he was like a helicopter parent to Peter (hence why he was named ‘Helicopter Dad’ in his and May’s chat), but he felt lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
there is violence but it's not really graphic (i think)
just in case i put the warning
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Light Angst
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
we get peter kidnapped so often it's a tag now
Team Cap friendly
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
Fix-It of Sorts
don't have to read series to understand but reccommended
Swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

