Work Text:
  Bucky had a plan. He always did. It was how he stayed alive; how he did the job he was given; how he learned to look at himself in the mirror every day after. He needed a plan; an order of execution that could be followed to the latter to ensure maximum results and the desired endgame.And this – this is not going to plan.Bruce is judging him, and Bucky doesn’t appreciate it for a second.He knows it’s fucked up. That’s not in question.But in Bucky’s defense, at the time it seemed like a medical emergency. Which, according to Bruce, judgemental stares over his glasses aside, technically had been. If Bucky wasn’t technically a hundred years old and hadn’t already gone through puberty.He huffs out an annoyed breath. Bucky didn’t survive getting drafted, sent to war, captured by the enemy, falling off a train and beating the odds to see a whole new millennium to go through random, awkward boners like some thirteen-year-old.
No fucking sir.
“Not without gratuitous consent, Mr. Barnes,” Friday intones with some amusement, and Bruce looks both amused and constipated, the ability to portray both at once is a gift Bucky would be impressed with if he wasn’t so embarrassed.“Christ, it’s not like I can help it,” Bucky snaps at the doctor, rubbing a hand over his face. “Tony – Tony’s just…he’s Tony!” And despite his tone being bitter and defeated, he takes comfort in Friday’s understanding hum. Of course, if anyone would know what Tony is capable of – what he simply is snark and quip and smirks aside – unerringly kind, unashamedly caring, selfless and self-sacrificing – it would be one of the man’s children.Bruce sighs. “Listen, I’m really not professionally equipped for dealing with sexual crises, I’m not that kind of doctor,” Bruce deadpans in a way that sounds like a warning as if Bucky would have a problem with the result of his awkward boner being a man and not just Tony.“God no," Bucky scoffs, "I’ve always been, you know, I swing all the ways with a bat.” He waves off. “That’s not the issue.”“Then I’m not understanding.”Bucky resists the urge to flail because goddamn it, Barnes, you aren’t actually thirteen again, get a goddamn grip, but instead, he goes, “You have seven Ph.Ds, Banner, how could you – ugh!” which helps his case by exactly negative twenty percent.Bruce sighs again like he’s greatly aggrieved in lieu of any sort of smart retort to the contrary before turning back to the data he’d gathered; sifting through them in an impressive show of feigned interest. There’s nothing in there that they don’t already know, that hadn’t been already confirmed: Thanks to the lack of deep freeze and Hydra no longer having the Winter Soldier in their tentacles, Bucky’s hormones were finally leveling out and the results are decidedly Not Good.Bruce and Tony both had been suspicious that Bucky’s defrost would come with consequences – what with his growing level of sulkiness over several days, mood swings, unwarranted aggression, hiding in what he’d come to accept was his room, and the like. All of which could be explained away by unresolved trauma, and being in the home of the man who’d tried to kill him as Steve was so fond of saying, despite the fact that if it hadn’t been for Tony, Bucky would’ve been far worse off and – I killed his mom, Steve, what the fuck is wrong with you? Though they two scientists had kept an eye on him regardless, and apparently it wasn’t for nothing.Thank god Bucky had found Bruce in the lab and not Tony because Bucky was not prepared for the kind of awkwardness that would come from admitting –“Wet dreams happen to everyone,” Bruce says in a sigh that is exhausted as he looks like he didn’t expect to be having this conversation with a certifiable killing machine in a body of thirty-year-old man which Right back at ya, Doc, I didn’t ask for this either, Bucky sulks, trying to rub the heated flush from his cheeks.“That’s not – it isn’t – I know that.” He’d been as sexual as a potted plant for decades right until his liberation from Hydra, and that’s when that started, Bucky supposed, but that still wasn’t the point –“So?”The point was that it was Tony, and when the silence lapses, the pieces fall into place in the look on Bruce’s face, and he groans. “Oh god, don’t tell me – “It wasn’t part of the plan, and now there's no denying it. Bucky admits,  “I think I’m in love with Tony.”With a groan, Bruce throws his hands up. “And you did, right then, when I told you not to -”“I know it’s fucked up,” Bucky interjects. God, does he know.After everything he put Tony through, Little Bucky having a thing for the man he left bleeding on the floor of a Siberian bunker was just plain cruel – for both of them. That Bucky's wet dream hadn’t even been a result of any amorous activity (not that Bucky was particularly lacking the imagination with those), but had simply been a dream of domesticated bliss does not help matters any.That’s not even going into detail of the current situation in the Compound:
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Bruce is not that kind of doctor
Bucky's libido has betrayed him
Yes I'm talking about his dick
Pre-Relationship
Pre-Slash
Bucky catches feelings and does not approve
Bruce is unimpressed

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

