Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
 
 
I'll seek you out
Flay you alive
One more word and you won't survive
And I'm not scared
Of your stolen power
I see right through you any hour I won't soothe your pain
I won't ease your strain
You'll be waiting in vain
I got nothing for you to gain -Eyes on Fire, Blue Foundation
 


Tony Stark was a Beta.And not just any Beta. He was the loudest, most confident, most powerful Beta in the world. So powerful that most Alphas envied him to the point where they wouldn’t make deals with him out of pure aversion (and because Tony had won many lawsuits against Alphas who thought they could prove their dominance in a meeting).And although most Alphas assumed he was secretly jealous of their presentation, they couldn’t have been more wrong. By being a Beta, he could refuse to take part in this whole Alpha-Omega drama that was going on for decades now. The Omega Rights Movement had grown big in the 80s and hadn’t really stopped until now, although there had been little to no change since then.He was okay with being called a self-centered asshole but he was not a traditionalist. He did his best to support the Movement, to advertise its advantages. He might have been a Beta, but the people listened to him and were astounded every time he donated another eight-digit sum to the leaders of the ORM.And as good as it made him feel, it was also one of the main reasons he and Steve Rogers did not get along at all.There was only so much time Tony could give someone to adhere to the new modern world. Even if this special someone was an ice cube from the forties. The fact that Steve Rogers belonged to the part of Alphas Tony wanted gone only showed how old-fashioned the standards really were. He had had more than one fight with Rogers about the fact that Omegas ‘needed guidance’ and ‘needed protection’.He himself knew many Omegas and neither of them - bonded or not - looked like they would need help. Not that Rogers would have cared. He was the same traditional idiot as always and Tony had gotten tired of contradicting. The topic was still brought up from time to time but both men had made their point too clear to discuss it further.Today, they had discussed it again and Tony had just been too pissed to give him a sarcastic reply. Instead, he had told everyone he’d work in the lab and had stayed there. And he hadn’t come out. Twelve hours later, he still sat there, tinkering on his newest suit and living off energy drinks, coffee and spite.He had wanted to make the cooling system smaller, to extend the shields and the arms instead. But he had just noticed that he had drawn the blueprints all wrong. The construction would definitely not cool the construction the right way. If he would leave it like this he would get a short circuit in no time. And of course, he had noticed this just now.The engineer cursed silently; even freshmen at MIT would have done better. But he had not been able to think straight since yesterday. Surely, he was getting sick. All the signs were there: He had a high temperature, bordering to fever, and a headache that didn't seem to go away. Probably just the flu. But since Tony normally worked through his flus without turning a hair, this was not something he considered tragic. Just annoying.The flu would have been one thing, but there was also his hypersensitivity that was going on for days now.This morning, the taste of his normal Starbucks order (a venti skinny latte macchiato with soy milk and two extra shots of espresso) had tasted stronger than usual. It had been almost unbearable to drink, and he still didn't know why. There was a weak link he wanted to draw but he shrugged it off almost immediately.The barista had screwed up. Of course, he had.He shoved it away, denied the signs and tried to keep working. Something of an odd feeling started to grow inside his stomach. A tickling. Probably the coffee. Maybe an intern had messed something up, not the Barista. Those students could not even distinguish the stock market points from their GPA.If anyone else would have told him about the signs, he would have laughed. He would have told them what was going on and probably made fun of them for suppressing the only logical explanation. But right now he was way too oblivious to see them.He worked another twenty minutes until he stopped.The clock was ticking too loud. Why did he even need a damn clock? Why did he need machines that made that kind of noise? Why could he not even listen to his goddamn music? Black Sabbath sounded like an odd noise someone would put into an alarm to make it sound gruesome. His head was throbbing to the music. Fucking stupid headache.“Sir, I must inform you that-”“Mute.”He could not need JARVIS between his throbbing headache and his nausea, really. The last thing he needed right now was a loud voice.“Sir, it is quite important.”The fact that JARVIS had just unmuted himself made Tony frown. There were only a few protocols that would allow h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Anal Sex
Rape/Non-con Elements
Extremely Dubious Consent
Anal Fingering
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Steve Has Issues
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Rutting
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Spanking
Corporal Punishment
Force-Feeding
Misunderstandings
Hurt/Comfort
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnancy
Gaslighting
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulation
Triplets
Not the fluff fanfic you look for
Angst with a Happy Ending
well happy ending is a stretch

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

