Work Text:
Peter hated when his grandfather came to visit. Hated it with an insane passion. His grandfather always seemed to have an unnecessary opinion that managed to make Peter feel like he was being belittled. He knew his dad felt the same way, which was why he didn’t understand why his grandfather was even allowed to visit. 
Yet here they stood, Tony with his hand on Peter’s shoulder, waiting outside of the Avengers Compound. Peter was pretty sure he would’ve rather had a root canal then spend the day with his grandfather. The only positive was Maria, his Nonna, as he had called her for as long as he could remember. He loved her. She was always so sweet with him, calling him pet names in Italian and bringing him sweets that she knew he loved.
“It’s going to be fine kiddo,” Tony said, giving Peter’s shoulder a reassuring squeeze. The teen wanted to believe him, but even he didn’t look so sure. Before he could say anything, a sleek black car pulled up. Maria Stark was out of the car, as soon as it stopped. 
“Anthony,” She said, approaching her son with a smile. His parents were the only person who called him by his full name. But the way his mother said it, with love in her voice, it made Tony not mind it, even adore her more for it.
“Hi mom,” He said, letting go of Peter’s shoulder and kissing her on the cheek. “Ride here alright?”
“No complaints from me,” She said. “And there’s my beautiful, wonderful grandson.” She bent down and kissed Peter on the cheek. “Piccolo, sei così alto e bello.” Peter blushed at the compliment and smiled at her.
“Grazie nonna.” His Italian wasn’t great, but he knew enough to make Maria smile. Which was what she did as he fixed a few stray hairs on his head.
“It’s been too long since we’ve seen you two,” Maria lamented.
“I know,” Tony said with a sigh. “Not since.”
“Peggy’s funeral,” Howard had exited the car and walked over to where the others were standing. Tony nodded, keeping his face neutral. “Tony.” They exchanged a handshake. Then Howard glanced down at Peter, who wanted to stare at his sneakers instead of being scrutinized by his grandfather.
“Sir,” Peter said politely. Maria was nonna and Howard was sir. Peter never felt comfortable calling him grandfather and Howard never demanded it of him. Tony bit back a sigh. He hated how uncomfortable Peter was. He watched as Peter pulled the sleeves of his sweatshirt over his hands, a nervous habit his son had developed.
“Let’s head inside,” Tony said, trying to cut the tension. “We finally finished the renovations, so we can give you a full tour.”
“Not necessary,” Howard said. “I remember what my own building looks like.” Tony bit back a sigh. God his father was difficult. “Anyone around?” Tony felt like rolling his eyes. There was only one person who his father would be looking for.
“We’re here to see our son and grandson,” Maria said, a warning tone to her voice. Howard shot her a look and Maria just sighed. 
“Captain Rogers has been out since yesterday,” Peter said. It wasn’t necessarily a lie; Peter hadn’t seen Steve since the day before, but Howard didn’t need to know that. His grandfather didn’t deserve to see Steve. He understood why his dad occasionally resented Steve, based on how his grandfather talked about him and Peter didn’t really need that today. And neither did his dad. They walked through the building, Peter spotted Happy keeping a close eye on them. Tony nodded to Happy, who was following them at enough of a difference for Howard and Maria not to notice or care.
“I can take your coat nonna,” Peter said, when they reached the shared living space. Tony had asked the rest of the team to steer clear of most spaces besides their rooms and the gym. He hadn’t explained why, but they all just knew better than to ask when he made demands like that.
“Thank you sweetheart,” Maria said, handing her coat to her grandson. “Howard?”
“Perhaps if you had some good help around here your son wouldn’t feel like acting like the help,” Howard said, tossing his coat on the couch. Peter quickly turned away to put the coat somewhere, trying to mask the shame flooding through him.
“Can’t replace someone as excellent as Edwin Jarvis,” Tony said, fighting the urge to yell at his father. He didn’t like that his son looked like a kicked puppy. Howard sat on the couch as Peter came back over. “How about some drinks? What do you think kiddo?” Peter shrugged. “Mom? Tea?”
“Sounds perfect sweetheart,” Maria said. “How about I help you?”
“Scotch neat,” Howard said, not that anyone asked him. Maria sighed and headed towards the kitchen. Tony glanced at Peter and then at his father who was looking out the window.
“You going to be okay bambino?” Tony asked quietly. Peter nodded. Tony ruffled his son’s hair before leaving the room. Peter fidgeted with his sleeves before taking a silent breath. He then walked over to the couch and sat down, leaving enough space between himself and his grandfather. 
“What grade are you in now?” Howard asked, glancin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Precious Peter Parker
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Howard Stark Lives
Maria Stark Lives
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

