Chapter 1





Chapter Text
What Peter was feeling right now, he couldn’t explain even if he tried.
The past few weeks were as clear as day in his mind, along with the humiliation that came with it. Peter remembered everything from the beginning to the end, nothing missing in between.
He remembered the moment he was turned into a toddler and he remembered exactly how it felt. He hadn’t been in pain, but it had felt strange. It almost felt like water was gushing through every part of his body, from head to toe, drowning out all of his hearing and senses. Nothing had terrified Peter more than coming back into reality and seeing how short his legs were and how big his surroundings had been.
Peter also remembered when he realised that he no longer had his powers from the spider bite, but the toddler mindset he had fallen under made him not care and he never told Tony. He suspected the man might have already known and was trying to keep it from him, anyways.
He found that he didn’t even mind the fact that Tony had never brought it up with him. As a toddler, he didn't care most of the things he usually would have worried about as a teenager. Sometimes, Peter thought about it when he was stuck between that teenager-toddler mindset, but most of the time he had been fascinated by other things.
When Peter had been turned back into a teenager not even two hours ago, he had felt that same feeling he felt the first time. It hadn’t hurt, it just felt really weird. It just felt strange, unnatural, and wrong. He hadn’t even realised that he had passed out until he woke up to see Tony and May staring down at him and crying.
He remembered clear as day when he had snuck away from Tony to go and scream at Captain America when he was hardly two feet tall. Peter supposed he should be embarrassed for quite literally abusing the Captain America, but he was so blinded by the hatred and betrayal in his remarkably smaller brain that he hadn’t cared at all what any of the adults were going to think of him.
Captain America, his idol, had hurt his Dad and left him for dead.
Every time Peter thought about it, his eyes began to burn. He willed the thoughts away before he could burst into tears, the knowledge of Tony's near death experience a constant thought in his mind. That, and everything else that occupied his brain since he had been brought to his normal self.
When the blinding green light had disappeared that afternoon in that disgusting alleyway, there had been no one around him and the person he had been attempting to capture was gone. This time, Peter remembered every single thing right up to when Loki was there in the Compound with them, and he remembered the feeling of going under his spell. He remembered crying for Tony to pick him up and telling him he was scared, and he remembered reaching out for his father desperately.
That was the last thing in his small body that he remembered.
When he woke up to see the crying faces of May and Tony, he was sure that was one of the worst and scariest moments in his life by far, which even passed being trapped under the building by the Vulture. Peter never wanted to see the two most important people in his life cry over him like that ever again. In particular, he never wanted to see Tony cry over him like that again.
Aside from the embarrassment, Peter felt surprisingly sad.
His body was still trembling, tears threatening to fall, the little Iron Man plushie and another one he had snagged sitting in his lap. His Spider-Man suit was inside of the backpack that May had bought him, the one Tony carried around with them whenever they went out.
Now, there was nothing else apart from the suit inside of that bag. No diapers, bottles, pacifiers. Nothing that had somehow become a source of comfort to him, nothing that had become a constant in his life just as much as Tony had been.
Peter couldn’t help the blush that spread across his cheeks as he squeezed the Iron Man plushie in his hand, embarrassment being one of his most dominant emotions.
He had lost control of everything, literally, even though he was still conscious of it. His emotions, bladder and bowel control, even his teenage mindset after a short while. Peter had been okay with maintaining his teenage headspace, but eventually that went away too. It was too hard. The thought of being in such a carefree state was just so appealing, and once he got a taste of it he found that he didn't want to go back.
Now, Peter was plagued with memories, and he almost wanted to go back.
It was strange, feeling like he needed to go to the bathroom but didn't do anything about it. It was almost like a little twinge, and it was gone, and moments later his lap would be warm. Now that, was embarrassing, and Peter swore his sanity would never be able to recover from that. He was struggling to comprehend how he was going to have to face Tony again, though there were many reasons why.
Captain America, the fact Tony had changed hundreds of his diapers, the fact t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Aftermath
Crying
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Wetting
Bed-Wetting
Stuffed Toys
Separation Anxiety
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
No Infinity War
Thumb-sucking
Peter is struggling
Age Regression/De-Aging Aftermath
Teen Peter Parker
Childhood Memories
Guilt
Father-Son Relationship
POV Peter Parker
Second-Hand Embarrassment
theres gonna be a lot
No Endgame
Slow Burn
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Nightmares
pull ups
Public Humiliation
Poor Peter Parker
Panic Attacks
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

