Work Text:
//
 “So you’ll drive?” 

 “No.” 

 “Why not?” 

 “I didn’t pass my driver’s test.” 

 “Why not?!” 

 “Because I didn’t see the old lady in the wheelchair.” 

 - Cat Valentine & Tori Vega, Victorious
//
 (Hello My Name Is... / Gold / Lemonade Mouth / Nemesis / Sweetener / My Everything / Kissin U) 
//Danvers & Romanov, the kind of name one would’ve expected to see on an ice cream shop, was the kind of combination that frankly, Wanda Maximoff found intimidating.To be fair, the pair whose names were printed in big bold letters on the building were  lawyers, and those kinds of people were  always  intimidating, for a variety of reasons best condensed into some form of “we can and will fuck your life up just for the fun of it”. Generally speaking, anything that ended in  Attorney At Law  was shorthand for  Run the fuck away, as far the fuck away, as fast as you fucking can.  Yet, the woman who had been looking at the sign earlier in the week had not been thinking that. Now, because she was feeling particularly bold or particularly suicidal, Wanda had, in her infinite wisdom, decided to apply for a job at said firm. They had put out an ad, after all, seeking a secretary to help manage administrative affairs. It made sense, lawyers generated enough paperwork to drown themselves on a daily basis, so maybe Danvers and Romanov had gotten tired of managing it on their own.A part of Wanda was thinking that  maybe  she should’ve applied at another firm with a  less  scary reputation, like say, Nelson & Murdock & Page, because she had heard through the grapevine that they had things like  No Pants Friday  and  Topless Tuesday  and that Matt Murdock apparently moonlighted as a stripper named Daredevil and would give you a private show if you whispered the words  Wilson Fisk Is A Dank Fatass  into his ears, but, as much as she hated to admit it, Danvers & Romanov were closer by a significant factor, and therefore it made more sense for her to apply  there , where, if push came to shove, she could just run to work from her stupid, crappy apartment on the wrong side of town.Stupid student loans.And so, with a little tap of her computer keys, her email was sent off, resumé attached, and, she sat back to hope that they would reply. She’d been working on that resumé for the better part of a week, and while she doubted that Danvers and Romanov would bother to  look  at a resumé from a girl who spent the year-and-a-half since graduation manning ice cream stands, lifeguarding, cashiering and being a teacher’s assistant, there was no harm in trying.She left her seat. Ate lunch. Came back.And there was a message. In the mail. From Danvers and Romanov.She was dumbstruck.Really. Really dumbstruck.Because the email was saying  Interview Requested. //The email arrived on a bright Tuesday morning.Scrunching her eyes, Carol Danvers, blonde, painter extraordinaire, unicorn lover, eating-in-shower aficionado, sometimes-singer, overly-dramatic courtroom actor, girlfriend of Natasha Romanov, and professional life-ruiner, also known as a lawyer, leaned forwards in her seat to take a look at the title of the message. As said mail read  Application  and not some form of  Oh god I’m fucked I need help please represent me, she decided to give it a click.
 Greetings, Danvers and Romanov… 
...went the obligatory “letter” phase of the email, which she scanned through with about as much interest as one would have when listening to their grandmother rant about something on television, that is to say, none, for what was of  real  import was the attachment, which, after a quick click and a momentary scanning session courtesy of Windows Defender, brought up a resumé, encompassing the contents of one Wanda Maximoff, who had so thoughtfully included a photo of herself so that the blonde lawyer could see. The resumé itself was nothing special. Generic enough to immediately mark down the brunette woman as your average cookie cutter  just out of college and trying to survive  kind of person, and one could imagine that this would’ve been where the  swipe left  phase of the review process was initiated.It was not.For...said woman was hot.So hot, in fact, that Carol immediately found herself cursing the fact she’d chosen to wear stiff, formal clothes today, given that there was a certain appendage in her pants that was now most certainly making it’s opinion on Miss Maximoff known, and that opinion was  oh my tittyfucking god, I need to get in that woman’s pants. “Oh ‘Tasha…” Crooned Carol, her voice drawing a loud clattering noise as the redhead extricated herself from whatever fucked up situation she was in and came into the room. “We have an applicant…”“Does it meet our criteria this time?” Natasha Romanov asked, having, for some reason, ditched her suit and taken up wearing a rainbow-themed headband, ripped-jeans and a black shirt that said  Fuck Authority  in bright red letters, which was only really relevant because Carol gave her girlfriend quite 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers & Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers & Wanda Maximoff
Carol Danvers & Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Girl Penis
Futanari
Pregnancy Kink
Impregnation
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Girl Penis Carol Danvers
Girl Penis Natasha Romanov
Alternate Universe - Lawyers
Domestic Avengers
Couch Sex
Fluff and Smut
Threesome - F/F/F
Lesbian Sex
Falling In Love
Breeding
Marriage
Married Life
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Creampie
Lawyer Natasha Romanov
Lawyer Carol Danvers
Inspired by Music
Victoria Justice - Freeform
Title From a Victoria Justice Song
Victorious (Show)
Song: Make It Shine (Victoria Justice)
Pregnancy
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Family Fluff
Romantic Fluff

fandom: 
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers & Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers & Wanda Maximoff
Carol Danvers & Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

