Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

Feel free to add me on Snapchat @ jlmonroe1234 and snap me your feelings/reactions as you read!!





Chapter Text
Tony hadn't slept properly in almost a month.Determining the exact cause was difficult, if not impossible. Maybe it was the rusty, creaky cot he laid down on every night. Maybe it was the combination of dust and moisture in the air, making deep breathing uncomfortable and his throat endlessly scratchy. Maybe it was the occasional bouts of gunfire or assorted explosions that rang out at all hours of the day. Maybe it was the screaming. The endless screaming.As ironic as it sounded, Tony had no idea how he'd gotten so lucky. He was alive, fed (not excessively, but enough to keep that "alive" title), and not alone. For the entirety of his incarceration, a deathly smart but surprisingly personable man named Ho Yinsen had been keeping him company. Any comfort the man provided to Tony was most likely unintentional; after all, Yinsen himself was also stuck in the cave against his will. Them being roomed together was due purely to chance. But one thing was undeniable: Stark didn't mind having him around.Yinsen made things a little easier when the screaming would get too loud."Do not assume the worst," he'd say. "Besides, at least it isn't you."No, it wasn't Tony. But it felt that way, sometimes, when the shouts would echo off the cave walls, bounce off the metal doors of their containment room and reverberate through Tony's ribs. Shake him to his core. Remind him that it was him for a while, right after the magnet had been put in his chest. He didn't remember much, but the small chunks of memory he could drudge up were clouded with a red haze, tainted with pain. He'd shouted for a while after the fact. Yelling was the only thing he could do without being blinded by pain. He wondered if Yinsen had kept the at least it's not me mindset during that time.This time, the screams were particularly loud. It was the third time that night Stark had been stirred out of a deep sleep because of them."They must be getting creative," Yinsen said drowsily, shifting around on his own cot. "I pity the subject of their torment.""I thought we weren't supposed to assume the worst." Tony was sitting up now, realizing there was no possible way for him to doze off again."They've been at it for hours now. I think, this time, the worst is really the worst."Another shout sounded from somewhere in the cave."Tell you what, Yinsen. Maybe you should go knock on the neighbor's door, tell them to keep the noise down. They're scaring the kids."Yinsen chuckled behind the cup of water he'd poured from a nearby canteen. "Shall I ask them for a cup of sugar while I'm at it?""Yes, darling. That would be great. We ran out weeks ago, and I haven't been able to make my famous sweet tea.""What a shame."With a stretch and a grunt, Tony stood from his cot and made his way to the door. He'd found a way to maneuver the rectangular peephole open ages ago and used that skill to look into the hallway. He didn't see anything out of the ordinary. The lights were on but dimmed for the evening, most likely to give the rebels working within some sense of day and night. Without them, Tony would have no idea what time it really was. The lights in his and Yinsen's room remained on at all hours. It had really done a number on him the first few nights after his arrival, throwing his internal time table for a loop."I don't see anything.""Of course you don't, they wouldn't be so foolish as to-""Hold on." Tony held a hand up, signaling for Yinsen's silence. "Listen. It stopped."Yinsen tilted his head toward the ceiling, eyes skimming the cave as if he'd be able to see the source of the previous noise. "You're right. They must be done for the night. Great news, for his sake and ours.” Tony turned from the door. "His?""I have yet to hear the distress calls of a woman. I think they are saved for," Yinsen swallowed, "alternate activities.""This place is fucked.""I'm sure we don't even know the half of it."Through the still-open peephole, Tony heard movement in the hallway beyond. Two men were speaking in a language Tony didn't understand. Their voices were frantic, frustrated."Yinsen. Up and at 'em. I need that beautiful brain of yours.""You hear something?""Neighbors brought the fight outside."Yinsen took up a place next to Tony, ear aimed toward the door's opening. His brows were furrowed, eyes squinted in concentration. "Hungarian. It's always Hungarian. Give me a moment."Yinsen had been Tony's main source of communication between himself and the rebels. He spoke several languages, English, Mandarin, a few others. Tony could handle some French here and there, a little bit of Russian. Nothing close to what he needed to understand these people. He would have to work on that when he got home.He wasn't staying in this damn cave forever. He would get home. He would."I can't totally understand them, but I think they're saying someth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Has Issues
Iron Man 1
Iron Man 2
Iron Man 3
not based on the MCU timeline
Peter is already 15 when Tony's in the cave
Tony sees Peter directly after the spider bite

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

