Chapter 1: ONE
    


Notes:
Now that I've grown my spideypool sea-legs, I thought I could fully commit to a multi-chapter AU. And hopefully it's better prepared and written than Hella Fucking Gay.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Gwen kicked her feet up over Peter’s lap and smiled at him, “You mind?”He shrugged and said, “You’ll do it whether or not I mind, so why do you even ask?”Her grin widened, and she stole the remote to scroll through the menu. Nothing was on so he let her flick. She paused on some BBC show he’d never seen, and she became immediately invested. Setting the remote down, her mouth opened slightly and she licked at her lips, shifting to get comfortable.“What is this?” Peter said, grabbing a pillow to hand it to her. As the Info bar faded, he noticed that the episode was old—she’d probably seen it before.Obviously he was right because she actually responded; were she truly invested, she’d have shushed him. “Orphan Black,” she said without looking. “Sh,” she said. He rolled his eyes. Right on both accounts.He slipped out from under her feet, “I’m gonna go to the corner store. We need milk.” He leaned down to kiss her cheek and she allowed the motion but immediately pushed him out of the way to peek around him.“Grab some tampons while you’re there, please,” she still didn’t look at him, which he was lucky for—had she seen his blush, she’d have mocked him for sure.On the way out, he checked his timer. It still read 01d 14h 02m 54s and it just kept ticking down. He sighed, wishing—not for the first time, and probably not for the last—that Gwen was his soul mate. Her timer was blank, and while she liked to say that it didn’t bother her, he knew that she often wished he’d been hers as well. She was more logical than he was though—so her life had been spent mostly ignoring the entire concept of timers.Her mother had bought her one on her fourteenth birthday, and she’d had to be forced into the chair for the surgery. She had this running belief that everyone had multiple soul mates. A romantic soul mate, a platonic soul mate, a musical soul mate, and her list went on and on. So why should she have a timer that counted down to the meeting of just one? Besides, she'd said in a particularly cuddly mood, Peter was the only soulmate she'd ever need.Her timer was set up to 345d when it had been installed, but it woke her up one night just after her seventeenth birthday with a weird beeping sound. “It was just blank,” she’d said and he hadn’t needed any further explanation. He’d heard enough horror stories before to know what a blank timer meant. “Another worry off my shoulders,” she’d said. But Peter also knew that she’d cried for the girl or boy she’d lost that night. She’d had the timer uninstalled first thing in the morning.Peter was different; he’d grown up excited to receive his. His parents had been soul mates before they died. His aunt and uncle were too for that matter. He’d waited until his eighteenth birthday to buy one with the money he’d carefully saved up just for that purpose. When he’d had it installed, he was already dating Gwen. She had never explained the missing timer to him, too passionate about her disbelief to tell him the truth. He knew there was a possibility his would be blank, but that’s exactly what he wanted. Blank meant his soulmate didn’t have a timer. And no timer would confirm his suspicion that Gwen was his soulmate.When the timer turned up with numbers, he hadn’t known what to do. His first idea was to break up with Gwen, but that hurt too much to even debate and he shut the idea down before it could haunt him. When he told Gwen, she sat him down and apologized for letting him hope. Then, she told him she’d understand if he wanted to leave, but she wished he wouldn’t. “You can’t sit around waiting, hoping that what you might have with this John Doe will be better than what we have right now,” she’d said. “I understand what this count means to you, and I’ll understand if you need to end this. But Peter, I love you and I know we’re soul mates, no matter what a silly precognitive count-down tells you.”And he’d stayed. He had to. She’d been right.That didn’t mean he didn’t wish the count-down would go blank every day.At the store, Peter picked up the milk, and cringing, grabbed the tampons as well. He successfully avoided eye contact with the cashier, and hurried home. On the way out, he even thought to pick up a movie at the Redbox one block over.When he returned, Gwen wasn’t on the couch. He called out her name and received a reply from their shared bedroom. He found her at her desk, typing something—assumedly work-related—on her laptop.He dropped the box of tampons on the desk and unceremoniously sprawled himself across the bed. She laughed, “Have any trouble?” He groaned into a pillow, and after a moment she joined him on the bed. She crawled onto the mattress, pressing a kiss onto his shoulder blade. “Thanks, Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Timers
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Spideypool - Freeform
Insecurity
Peter-centric
Minor Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Gwen is a BAMF
Gwen Stacy gets shit done
Soulmates
Platonic Soulmates
Friends to Lovers
Friendship/Love
Eventual Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Fluff
Falling In Love
Based loosely around TiMER
Hurt/Comfort
Break Up
Slow Build
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Starting Over

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

