Work Text:

1943
The first thing Steve feels when he stumbles out of the chamber on shaky legs, every bone and muscle aching, is relief - relief that it's over and that he's alive.The second thing he feels is a wave of disappointment, from himself and from every other person in the room. He looks down at his arms, his body, and then up again with an air of resignation. "It didn't work, did it?" he says glumly. Howard shakes his head and claps him on the shoulder. "Better luck next time," he says in a kind enough way, as though he doesn't realise that there's not going to be a next time - not for Steve, anyway. "Well. He's still skinny," Colonel Phillips mutters to no one in particular. Up in the observation room, Senator Brandt appears to be throwing his hands up in disgust.At least Peggy looks relieved.But Erskine just straightens his glasses and hmms thoughtfully. "That is yet to be determined," he says. He helps Steve out of the straps and down from the platform. "Come, my friend. Science is not conducted by the eyes alone."*"But the results are exceedingly clear, Colonel," Erskine protests. He jabs again at the papers and sheets and diagrams all over Phillips' desk. Steve stands in the corner, wishing he could be anywhere but here, as Erskine and Agent Carter fight it out with Phillips one more time. "Our tests show Private Rogers has significantly improved against every baseline measurement - speed, strength, endurance, recall. He is outperforming men twice his size, and he's making it look easy. The serum was in every way a success, except-""Except the most obvious one," Phillips says. He sighs, rubbing his face in his hands. "Put those away, Doctor, please. I've seen the results, same as you.""Then surely there's no argument," Carter says, not for the first time. "If the serum works, then-""Then nothing," Phillips says sharply. He puts his hands down flat on the desk, crumpling some of the Doctor's papers, and stares them down in turn. "Look. I've never believed Project Rebirth would amount to a damn thing and if I had my way, Doctor, you'd be back on weapons development instead of wasting your time on this. But Senator Brandt's the one who's been pushing this all along and unless he gets results now, he's this close to having your funding pulled altogether. I'm not denying your achievements, Doctor, but it's not enough.""But we've given him what he asked for!" Erskine protests."He asked for a squad of super-soldiers, men they could put on a poster punching Hitler in the jaw," Phillips says. "You gave them..." He trails off and their eyes drift over in Steve's direction; he can feel the back of his neck burning. "Half a super-soldier."Erskine opens his mouth to protest, then changes his mind, slumping back into his seat. "What about Steve?" Carter says quietly. Her eyes cut to Steve, cut away again. "What about my proposal?"This, at least, is something new. Steve listens carefully but Phillips just shakes his head. "It's under consideration, that's all I can give you. In the meantime, you two can get started on the next batch of recruits and Rogers can await his orders. For now, Project Rebirth is going back to the drawing board."Steve walks back to the lab with Doctor Erskine and Carter, Erskine muttering under his breath the whole way. They finally get to share that bottle that Erskine's been saving up, though it feels like a wake instead of a celebration. Steve tips the liquor down his throat and doesn't protest when Erskine pours him another glass. His new metabolism processes the alcohol before he can get properly drunk anyway. Carter holds her drink with practised aplomb, but the Doctor is soon drowsy and slurring his words. The two of them end up walking him back to his quarters, swaying and stumbling between them."I'm sorry, my friend," he says, over and over. "You're a good man, Steve, always remember that.""I will, Doctor," Steve says soothingly, as they ease him on to his bed. The words seem to calm him down. Erskine clumsily pulls off his shoes and then flops backwards; after a moment he starts to snore. They pull the door shut behind them quietly. Then it's just him and Carter, standing in the dim-lit corridor. It's the first time they've been alone together since the experiment. "He's right, you know," Carter says. "You're a good man. The Doctor made the right decision when he chose you."Steve shrugs, flushing a little. "I haven't done anything yet," he says. "I just wanted to be given a chance to do my part. That's all."For a moment Carter looks like she's going to say something more, but instead she steps closer and leans down to press a kiss to his cheek. "Goodnight, Steve," she says softly. He's too surprised to do anything except watch her walk away, one hand pressed to his face.*It's still dark when Carter shakes him awake, very early the next morning. "Get dressed, Rogers, and pack your things," she says. "You have three minutes." As he gets up he notices her gun is drawn and read
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
Alternate Origin Story
Skinny Steve
Action/Adventure
Bucky Barnes as Captain America
Podfic Available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

