Chapter 1: right from the start
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Sierra, upon coming home, wastes absolutely no time coming down with the flu. Then, in the finest traditions of big sisters everywhere, she passes it to Sam. This happens approximately forty minutes after Sam and Steve walk through the Wilson family threshold, pinpointing the moment of transmission to her  hey bro glad you ain’t dead yet  annual hug, and whatever bug Sierra’s carrying joins forces with Sam’s Year Of Global Travel Avec Terrorist Hunting and promptly knocks him on his ass.Sam, as someone who has gotten sick literally four times in his life, wallows in the strange waters of snot along with the unfortunately all too familiar waters of inter-sibling resentment. The only consolation is that Sierra is sniffling and hacking and oozing along with him.His mom, who he’s pretty sure has never been sick ever in her life, just laughs at them and their quarantine camp on the living room couch. His dad adds a lot of tea and honey and lemons to the grocery haul and reminds them of the existence of the Wii. Steve actually makes the tea -  thank god  figuring out the kettle and determining precise ratios of lemon and honey stops him from hovering in a corner like the ghost of a rabid border collie - and when he brings it over he makes the mistake of sitting down to squint confusedly where they’re ruining each other in MarioKart. When Sam and Sierra realize he’s basically a giant heating pad they wordlessly conspire to trap him on the couch. Dad keeps the winter household temperature maybe ten degrees warmer  than the ice-blasted hellscape outside,  because he and Mom are freaks who believe in festive seasonal sweaters but not in gas bills. Even Barf steps up his cling game, which Sam did not think was possible.“Barf?” Steve said, when his own Welcome To The Wilsons hug was performed by Sam’s Mom’s labradoodle launching himself ecstatically into Steve’s arms. “You named your dog  Barf?” “Mom named  her  dog  Bartholomew Zebulon Wilson,  and I did him a god damn favor,” Sam said, which made his mom’s first face-to-face words to him “Swear jar!”In any case Steve handled Barf trying his best to put his buttlicking tongue up Steve’s nose very well, and while Barf is usually of the opinion that every stranger is his new best friend he’s especially taken a shine to Steve. Right now he’s parked himself on Steve’s feet, his tail thumping from time to time whenever Steve or Sierra talks.“Y’know, you, you’re a lot alike,” Sam mumbles. A mighty and extensive honk echoes from the other end of the couch as Sierra blows her nose.Steve glances at her, then at Sam, then at the dog. “Who?”“You two,” Sam says, waving a hand. “You. Sierra. You don’t care about anything ‘cept when you do and then it’s like  damn, whoa  . Y’all don’t give  a shit .”“I so give a shit,” Sierra growls, ruined by how she sneezes four times immediately after.“S’whatI’msayin’. You, when you give a shit, you  give that shit, knowhattimean? You give the  whole entire shit.  None left over. S’why you two don’t give a goddamn ‘bout the other stuff, everybody worrying ‘bout their hair or their clothes, do they like me, does everybody think I’m uncool. Y’all don’t care. Y’all are so uncool and y’all  don’t care. ”“Fuck you, I’m cool,” Sierra groans, but she doesn’t bother to open her eyes and the used tissue she throws at him bounces off Steve’s bicep.“You are fundamentally uncool,” Sam informs her. “You edit Wikipedia.” “No more cough syrup,” Sierra declares croakily. “Captain America, Sam gets no more cough syrup.”“Sure,” Steve agrees, in what Sam deems to be a far too sarcastic tone of voice. He thumps weakly at Steve’s hip with one wool-socked foot. “Hey! Withholding humanitarian aid! Illegal!”“I’m not listening to any more codeine-fueled psychoanalysis,” Sierra announces. “Denied.”“It’s not like you give a damn either,” Steve says to Sam, trying to prevent his attacks with a couch pillow before finally picking up Sam’s besocked feet and trapping them in his lap.“Hell no. I give  many damns.  S’how you get  popular,  guys. S’how - s’how I do my job, y’know, you gotta care about the little stuff.” Sam, whose blood composition is currently 75% Nyquil, still somehow manages to not say the next thought, which is  that’s why y’all don’t have any friends.  It’s - well, it’s true, but not that true, and anyway Steve has like… three whole friends. And he has Sam, who has claimed the title of Best Friend by virtue of spending a literal year traveling the world with the guy and the original Best Friend having been bumped up to Common Law Husband.Sierra has friends too probably, though maybe the closest she’s gotten so far is “competition she hasn’t crushed yet”.“Plus I can fly,” Sam adds, as an afterthought. “I got wings, that’s cool as shit.”“Wow, we get it, you’re a fuckin’ jock,” Sierra says snottily.“And Sam, baby, that was six times you 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
The Wilsons
Full Steve Ahead
Did You Know The FBI Is Unionized?
Politics
Steve Makes Some Calls
Colonel Rhodes Doesn't Start Fights He Ends Them
Sam Makes Some Calls
Seagulls - Freeform
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

