Work Text:
Bucky works too hard, is the problem. Steve can see the evidence plain as day: his sallow cheeks and dark-ringed eyes, the way he blinks his way blearily through breakfast, his constant and pained yawns. "Got to work while I can get it," Bucky says. "Double shifts mean double the money.""Yeah, but at what cost, Buck?" Steve wants to reach over their plates of eggs, across the breakfast table, and place a palm on Bucky's pale forehead. He wants to brush the lank hair out of his eyes. At the very least, he wants Bucky to go back to bed and get one more hour of shut-eye. "You can't keep running yourself ragged like this," he says instead. "Something's got to give."Bucky hums and shovels more eggs into his mouth. "Something's got to give," he repeats in a low mumble, like it's a prayer. He leaves before the clock strikes eight to be down at the docks by nine. It's backbreaking work, to hear him tell it. And since ships come in at all hours, it's a job that can last all day if he lets it. They need the cash to pay for this awful flop with its broken steps and drafty windows; they're down to their last tin of beans and heel of bread. They need, and Bucky provides. And Steve? Oh, he's got jobs. He carries his weight, or tries to. But the work of an artist is more sporadic. One week he may have ten signs to hand-letter, or a dozen different posters to draw for a club. The next week, he may have nothing. And so Bucky works, and his hands get calloused and his language gets coarser and his smile doesn't appear as often, and Steve hates himself for not being able to keep Buck away from this life. They're twenty years old, Bucky older by just three months, and Steve still can't stop his friend from trying to protect him.Bucky comes home that night stinking of sweat and saltwater. For the first time in a long time, he doesn't go straight to the bedroom, fall face-first into the mattress, and sleep like the dead. His eyes are bright when they catch sight of Steve sitting at the kitchen table, working on his charcoals. "Hey pal," Bucky says, sitting backwards on the other chair and leaning forward with a too-wide grin. "Long day?""Yeah. You?" Steve catalogs Bucky carefully. He's rumpled and worn from work, but he's not exhausted anymore. And that's worrisome. Bucky gives him a curious little smirk, doesn't answer his question. His right leg jumps to the tune of some unheard music. "Want to put on a record? I could use some Duke Ellington." Steve glances at the dark windows, then at the clock. "Uh, it's kind of late for that. Wouldn't it wake the neighbors?" Bucky sighs dramatically. "The perils of living in this ant farm of ours. I can't dance with you at all hours," he says, and it's such an un-Buckylike statement that Steve has to stop himself from recoiling. "You feeling okay?" he says slowly. This time, he doesn't stop himself from reaching over and putting his hand to Bucky's forehead. He uses his left, the one not stained black with charcoal. Bucky is hot to the touch, a little sweaty too. "You sick or something?""What makes you say that?" Bucky asks, but he doesn't pull away. Leans into it, if anything, like he's starving for it.Steve pulls back his hand, shaking it out as if it was burned. "Maybe you should go lie down."Bucky's eyes light up even more. "What an idea," he murmurs. "A damn fine idea. Why don't you help me to bed, Steve? Since I'm so feverish and all."Steve regards him warily, wondering what trick Buck might be playing or what the joke is supposed to be. But in the end he puts down his charcoal stick, cleans his hands off with a rag, and gets up. "Lack of sleep must be making you punchy," he says. "Come on. What you need is seven solid hours." He takes Bucky by the arm to help him up from the chair, and Bucky stands—too close—his mouth parted and wet, his eyes trained on Steve's face. "Is that all I need?" he asks quietly, and steps closer. Before he knows what's happening, Steve is crowded against the kitchen counter and Bucky is right there, pressing a thick and insistent erection into Steve's fluttering belly. He can feel its pulse through their slacks. It's a steady beat that competes with the rush of blood in his ears."Buck—?" "Let me tell you about what I need," Bucky says, and kisses him, frenetic and rough. It isn't how Steve had pictured it, this Heaven. He'd always imagined it would be slow and careful, the way he'd grown to love this boy of his. His dreams had been filled with whispered confessions and tears wiped away on tentative fingertips. He feels silly now; how small and fragile the scenes in his imagination had been. His arms come up to wrap around Bucky's neck, and he kisses him in return. He should have known Bucky's love for him wouldn't need coaxing. He should have known—Something hard pokes him in the hip, and it's not Bucky's cock. It's something in his trouser pocket, the shape and hardness of it strangely familiar. For the briefest of moments, Steve wonders if ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mutual Masturbation
Sex Pollen
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum
Roommates
Drug Use
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

