Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey, are you the new kid?”
Phil Coulson looks up and finds himself face to face with a tall, dark-haired girl wearing dark slacks, a blue blouse, and a blazer.
“I didn’t think Shield had uniforms,” he says stupidly.
“Says the guy wearing a sweater-vest,” says the girl. She looks unimpressed, but there’s no malice in her voice, which Phil thinks is probably a good sign. “You’re Phil, right?”
“Phil Coulson,” says Phil, extending his hand.
“Maria Hill,” says Maria, not shaking it. “Put that away. This is high school, not the Harvard admissions board.”
She turns and starts down the hall without waiting to see if he’ll follow.
“Right,” says Phil, running to catch up with her. “Sorry, you’d think I’d be better at this. This is my third high school in three years.”
“Yeah,” says Maria. She pushes open a pair of double doors and leads him out into the quad. “But to be fair, Shield isn’t exactly a normal high school. I mean, sure, you have your army of dumb jocks, led by golden boy quarterback Thor Odinson and his faithful halfback Sif Sylvan.”
Maria gestures to group of people clustered around a blond guy who looks like — and the stupid thing is that this isn’t an exaggeration — a greek god. Not really Phil’s type, but he can’t say he doesn’t see the appeal. Beside Thor is the most intimidating girl Phil has ever seen.
“Sif is the only jock with any sense, and she’s deadly, so stay out of her way,” Maria warns. “Now unlike other high schools, Shield doesn’t just worship the jocks. There’s also the science nerds.”
“The science nerds,” Phil repeats skeptically.
“Thirty seconds in Tony Stark’s general vicinity and you’ll understand, trust me” says Maria. “But he’s probably off in a lab with his friends blowing something up. My friend Pepper is Tony’s girlfriend, so you’ll meet him later.”
“So you’re popular?” Phil is surprised. Popular kids never agree to show the new kid around.
Maria laughs.
“Not at all,” she says. “Not that it matters. I’m just here to get straight A’s and move on to a better future. Anyway, next you have your angry hipsters.” She nods to a table with four occupants: one looks thoughtful, and another just sad, but two look like homicidal maniacs. “Their leader is Loki Odinson, Thor’s younger brother.”
Maria points at one of the homicidal maniacs, a pale kid with dark hair. He’s the only one not wearing glasses, but in all other ways is pretty much the opposite of his brother.
“Loki’s goal in life is to completely reject Thor’s golden boy image by being everything he’s not,” Maria continues. “He’s dangerous and unstable. Avoid him and his minions at all costs.”
“Noted,” says Phil.
“And then we have—”
But Phil isn’t listening anymore, because walking across the quad is the most gorgeous guy he has ever seen.
He’s got piercing blue eyes, dark blond hair, and a smile that outshines the sun. He’s wearing low-slung jeans and a black tank-top — which Phil would normally consider tacky, but in this case he appreciates getting an unobstructed view of bulging biceps that lead down to perfectly defined forearms.
“Who is that?” Phil murmurs.
“What?” Maria follows his gaze and groans. “Oh lord. That is Clint Fury, and it is never gonna happen, Coulson.”
Phil’s heart sinks. He suddenly notices Clint is surrounded entirely by girls.
“Is he—”
“Oh, he’s gay as they come,” says Maria easily. “Single, too.”
“Then I just—”
“And entirely, completely, one-hundred percent out of your league,” says Maria firmly.
Phil is offended. He’s no Thor Odinson, but he’s not hideous. Maria is seriously underestimating his chances.
“I’m sure I could—” he tries again.
“Forget it,” says Maria. “Everyone knows the Fury brothers aren’t allowed to date.”
Oh.

Ohhhhh.

“So if he were allowed—”
“Let it go, Coulson,” says Maria.
“Sure,” Phil says. He steals another look at Clint, who’s laughing at something one of his friends just said.
Not likely, Phil thinks.
-----
Phil doesn’t see Clint or Maria again until lunch.
“How’s your first day?” Maria asks, joining him in the lunch line.
“Fine,” says Phil. It is fine. It’s a pretty typical first day, even if arriving in the middle of the school year sucks.
“Come sit with me,” says Maria. “I’ll introduce you to my friends.”
Phil joins her at a table with two other girls, a redhead and a brunette, who are dressed just as sensibly as Maria.
“Phil, this is Pepper and Betty,” says Maria, pointing at the redhead and brunette in turn. “Phil is the new guy.”
“The one drooling over Clint?” Pepper asks.
Phil shoots Maria a look, but she looks unfazed.
“One and only,” she says.
“Listen, Phil,” Pepper starts, but she’s interrupted by a deafening clatter.
“She said no!”
Phil turns around to see a tall, broad-shouldered blond guy standing practically nose to nose with Loki. Standing up, Loki is taller and more intimidating than Phil’s original impression of him, but the blond guy is equally (if not more) intimidating, and doesn’t look like he’s about to back down. Behind him, a tiny 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

