Chapter 1: Lessons from Eve
    




Chapter Text
 The post it note stuck to her computer would have been illegible to anyone else, the scribbled sentence looking more like the death throes of an ink-coated spider than actual written words.Darcy Lewis smiled smugly to herself, the ability to read Jane’s handwriting was one of the many skills that made her invaluable as her assistant. That, her organizational expertise, and in today’s case, coffee getting abilities.Now if only she could  actually  get paid for it.‘Bring the X4II to the lab ASAP,’ Jane had written, then below it as an afterthought, ‘thank you!’“That’s my girl,” Darcy grinned, shifting the paper cups into one hand as she turned to grab the strange metallic instrument Jane wanted with the other, “acting like a real human being and everything.”Humming to herself Darcy headed for the lab, pulling a move most contortionists would be proud of as she swiped her pass without dropping anything. Yet  another  invaluable skill of hers.And Karen said she never would amount to much. Ha!“I brought the thing you wanted,” she called as she edged into the pristine lab, rocking back on her heels as the cups threatened to overbalance, “and coffee. Everyone needs coffee.”It wasn’t until she’d set everything neatly on the side,  unspilt, and turned to receive her well earned thanks that she realised the lab was empty.“Or not.”For such a big ass place Stark tower was surprisingly empty, well the floor they were working on at least. Some new top secret science crisis had seen them jet from Sweden to New York in a flash. Darcy still didn’t fully understand what was going on but it all seemed very important. And it had managed to distract Jane from the fact they were temporarily staying at Avengers HQ, so it had to be something super science-y.Jane still wasn’t entirely over the fact that the God-who-shall-not-be-named swung into their universe during The Incident, saved the world, and never even bothered to call.Big loveable alien jerk.Grabbing her cup from the side Darcy sighed, there was no point in both of their drinks getting cold just because Jane had temporarily forgotten her. Again. Cradling it between her hands she moseyed further into the room in the hopes of finding another post it note explaining Jane’s absence, or whatever it was causing the weird readings that had dragged them out here in the first place.A glint in the corner caught her eye, something shiny and gold and completely out of place in the cold white lab. She turned towards it, post-its forgotten. There, in a thick glass case, was a small golden object about the size and shape of an apple.No, no wait.It  was an apple.
 For real? 
No way was this Faberge knock off what had kept them from sleeping for the past two days, no matter how fancy a case they’d put it in. Squinting her eyes Darcy took a step closer, it looked like it had something written on it. Thick angular lines carved into its surface...“Darcy no!”Her coffee spilt in slow motion, tumbling wildly away from her as thin hands yanked her backwards.“Jane what the hell!” Darcy screeched, heart racing as she struggled against her friends surprisingly tight grip. She’d obviously done a better job that she’d thought making sure Jane got enough vitamin D. “That was Costa Rican!”She didn’t have time to mourn the loss of her coffee, heart stopping completely as a dart gun was shoved in her face. A wicked looking needle projected from the end, pointing right between her eyes.“Woah woah woah!” She froze, hands rising instinctively in surrender as she tried to force her gaze behind the gun. Getting an impression of a black visor and a stupid goatee as her knees turned to jelly, “what’s with the weaponry and grabbing, guys?”Was it Shield? Was it a new super-villain? Oh please not a new super-villain, she didn’t want to die wearing her Hello Kitty laundry day panties with the broken elastic.“You… you don’t want the apple?” Jane said from behind her, fingers clenched tight enough to bruise. Darcy winced, focusing on the pain to clear her mind.“Uh… no, not particularly?” She hedged, eyes flicking between the shiny bauble and the big frickin’ needle still pointed directly at her face, “More of a coffee girl, at least I  was  before someone spilt it. So like... can you put the gun down now?”“It could be a trick,” Tony Stark’s voice came from beneath the visor, she  knew she recognised that facial hair, “a diversion.”“What-” Jane’s grip loosened enough to let Darcy pull free, stepping back quickly to get them both in view. And oh yay Jane was wearing a creepy visor too, a trend she’d obviously missed out on, “-the actual hell guys? It’s just a - hey, I said put the gun down dude!”She turned sharply as Tony tracked her with the weapon, trying to maintain eye contact as she edged towards the door. That’s what you did with angry bears right? Oh God she didn’t fucking know, she didn’t even know if they’d been brainwashed or not. Or brain slugged, that was to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
LOOKS LIKE WE’RE DOING THIS KIDS
Slow Burn
Enemies to Lovers
Frigga doesn’t die
Magic!Darcy
tasertricks - Freeform
when snark meets mischief
Darcy Lewis Taser of Gods
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
morally ambiguous loki
Magic Fruit
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Thor: The Dark World
AU after Avengers
Dysfunctional Childhoods
Mentioned Abusive Parents
Romance
Literally every Tasertricks trope you can think of will be in this fic
Every. Single. One.
Reconciliation
Redemption
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

