Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
It’s exactly eleven pm on the dot when Peter Parker gets back to his house in Queens, his entire body aching as it usually does when he goes on patrol.He’s since swapped his suit for normal clothes, his backpack slung over one shoulder as he struggles to pull his keys out of his pocket. He’s soaked, as the rain had picked up in the last fifteen minutes. When he finally does, he spends another two minutes trying to jam each key on the keyring into the doorknob, each attempt unsuccessful as the last. Just when he’s sure he has it, the door unlocks from the inside, and MJ pulls it open, an amused smirk on her face.“You were taking too long,” MJ says, pulling him inside by the arm. She’s in her pajamas already, her curly hair tied up into a bun.“Babe, we’ve talked about this,” Peter sighs, pushing the door closed and locking it. MJ throws him a towel, and he uses it to dry his hair and face. “I don’t like you opening the door this late at night. It’s too risky.”“So what, you don’t think I’m capable of fending for myself?” MJ crosses her arms, eyebrow cocked, but Peter knows she’s not angry.“Nope, that’s not what I said,” Peter says, setting his backpack down onto the ground. “Trust me, if a robber or murderer came by while you were here holding down the fort, I’d fear for their life. But robbers and murderers aren’t what I’m worried about.”“I know,” MJ gives in, uncrossing her arms and letting them fall by her sides. Peter takes one of her hands in his own, pulling her close.Peter knows that it’s hard for her. Him being Spider-man leads to a very risky lifestyle, and although he does his best to keep his family off the record, he’s always aware that there’s a chance something bad can happen.“I just don’t know what I would do if something happened to you or the kids,” Peter admits, but he knows the confession doesn’t surprise MJ in the slightest. That’s the thing Peter loves most about their marriage—there are no secrets, no held back feelings, no lies. Just the truth.It feels good to not have to lie anymore to at least one person. He’s had to keep secrets and lies his entire life to the point where he had started to question what about himself was real or not.
Now he knows.“You’d probably starve to death,” MJ says matter-of-factly, and suddenly the mood is immediately lightened. “And you’d probably never have clean clothes.”“All the more reason to keep you safe,” Peter chuckles, and his heart swells with unconditional love for his wife. He really wouldn’t make it without her. “Are the kids in bed?”“They’d better be,” MJ glances towards the top of the stairs. “I told Ben that if he gets out of bed one more time, I’m going to cancel his birthday party at the zoo next week.”They gravitate towards their bedroom, Peter ready to get off of his feet and into bed.“If I’m being honest with you,” MJ continues, “I’m kind of hoping he does. I really don’t see the point of going to the zoo—you see the same thing every time and half of the animals you can’t even see.”“Luckily, he’s three,” Peter reminds her with a small smile. “He’s just going to run around, eat ice cream, and yell at the cages no matter if there’s anything in it or not.”“Remind me why we had kids?”Peter opens his mouth to answer, but before he can, the doorbell rings. They both frown, glancing from each other to in the direction of the front door.“Who the hell could that be?” Peter keeps his voice low, just in case they can somehow hear him from all the way from the back of the house. The thunder booms and the rain starts to pour down even harder onto the roof.“Maybe you should go look,” MJ suggests, matching his tone. “I’ll go grab the baseball bat from the garage.”Peter nods and walks to the front door, but he’s puzzled when he can’t see anyone on the porch while looking through the peephole. He slowly unlocks the door and opens it cautiously, making sure to only open it a crack. His gaze shifts downward, and he’s startled at the sight in front of him.Standing on his front porch is a young girl not a day over eleven. She’s peering up at him with deep brown eyes, her hair and clothes soaked to the bone. Her long brown hair is tucked behind her ears, and Peter swears she looks familiar, even though he’s pretty sure he’s never met this girl in his life. She shifts from one foot to the other, obviously nervous, both of her hands holding onto purple backpack straps.“Um… can I help you?” Peter says, not unkindly, and looks up for a second to make sure there wasn’t anyone else with her. Nope, it was just her. He pulls the door open wider.“Uh, yeah, um…” the girl stutters before taking a deep breath. “My name is Morgan, and I think you’re my brother.”Peter just stares at her, unable to process what she had just said.“What?”“I think you’re my brother. Legally, that is—I don’t think we’re actually related by blood.”The realization hits Peter’s brain, and suddenly he thinks he understands, but he has to be sure.“What’s your f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Memory Loss
Peter Parker is good with kids
Flashbacks
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is all grown up
Hurt Peter Parker
Brother-Sister Relationships
Father-Son Relationship
Alternate Universe
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
No Spoilers
Adult Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

