Chapter 1: Hadn't quite seen that coming
    




Chapter Text
You hadn't thought it through.You were cold and wet, saturated right through to your skin.And you had to admit, you were terrified.The noise of the traffic was deafening and for a horrifying moment, you had been trapped between the fast moving legs of people who had almost trampled to death as they were crossing the road in a hurry. By the time you reached the small traffic island and huddled against the pole of the pedestrian lights, your heart was beating frantically and you were shivering.Admittedly, downtown Manhattan wasn't the place for anyone to get lost - a kitten least of all.You hadn't thought it through.In your panic you hadn't considered that once you'd cast the spell, you would, of course, need to turn back into a human being at some stage – which required you to cast another spell. The only problem here was, that you hadn't learnt that one yet.Those guys in black had thoroughly scared you when they appeared at your sister's door, demanding you to open up. You checked them out through the spy hole. There were three of them. And that black guy with the eye patch was especially scary. You weren't used to that kind of thing, but you were used to hiding from people. Or running away. So, you snuck out the window and jumped from the second floor into a pile of trash, before you ran.By the time you had reached Madison Avenue they were on your heels. Five of them, so you shape shifted as soon as you reached the Park and watched from your hiding place under a shrub as they searched for you. When they were a good distance away, you prepared to turn back and realised your mistake.That was the second time you panicked.Panic can make you do really stupid things.You decided to find your way back to your sister's flat. But of course in the small, furry body that you inhabited now, it was highly unlikely you would actually make it back in there.It was a cold November day, pouring with rain.
God, you really should have thought it through.
You had the tendency to plung into things head over heels, and consequently had to drag yourself out of seemingly impossible situations.Now, this one, truly was.Of all the animals you could have shifted into, you had turned into a kitten. In the middle of Central Park.You hadn't been prepared for what it meant to take on this form in the middle of a city.The assault on your senses was brutal.The onslaught of noises, smells and lights that tormented you as soon as you reached the road was almost unbearable.You hadn't been prepared for how sensitive your senses were in this body. The noise of the traffic and the smell of the fumes was overwhelming. And not only that. You could sense things. Emotions. Vibrations. There was so much fear and anger around you.In addition to that, you tried to be a good girl and cross the road at a pedestrian crossing, only to be caught between people's legs and narrowly escaped being trampled.So, here you were, wet and cold and scared. Curled up on a traffic island. Terrified, slightly traumatised and feeling very sorry for yourself.And then a pair of hands scooped you up and tucked you under a coat, against a warm chest.The first shock abated as you felt the heat of the body saturate yours. You desperately nuzzled closer, your own body shivering helplessly. You felt the coat close over you, keeping out the rain and a strong, warm hand molded against your back and kept you safely tucked in.Had you been human, you would have sighed in relief. This was comforting. Soothing. And most of all dry and warm.A loud rattling noise startled you, which, as you realised a moment later, emerged from your own throat.
Oh my god. You were purring.
You hadn't even meant for that to happen.Was this some kind of automatic response for cats when they felt comfortable?You felt yourself relax, the anxiety dissolving as you purred and snuggled closer to soak up more body heat. Apparently the nervous system of your little body wasn't as resilient, because you suddenly felt extremely tired. A moment later you had dozed off. When you opened your eyes and carefully glanced around, you found yourself in a room with computers and technical instruments you didn't recognise. A man with brown curly hair and glasses sat on the chair next to you moving his fingers over the screen in front of him. You, yourself, were wrapped up in a soft towel, on a chair next to the man with the glasses. You guessed it was him who had found you, because when he turned around to look at you, he offered a smile.“Hello.” He had a pleasant voice.“Hi.” You wanted to reply, but nothing more than a high pitched meow left your throat.You mentally rolled your eyes.“What were you thinking, sitting out there in the rain in the middle of the Columbus Circle, little one? That's no spot for a kitten.” He chastised affectionally, adjusting his glasses as he spoke and regarding you with gentle eyes.He was nice. At least, someone nice had found you.“You c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel)/OFC

freeform: 
You're Loki's kitten
Slow Romance
Eventual Smut
AU
AU after Thor the dark world
Loki is redeemed and alive
Asgard still exists
Sexual Content
Smut
Fluff
sweet smut
Loki helps with insecurity

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel)/OFC

