Chapter 1





Chapter Text
___
 
“Why are you never drinking away the pain?” Jasper Sitwell asked. He was blinking owlishly over the top of his beer. He'd changed into jeans before leaving the office, making him the only one fully out of uniform. “I mean, we’re here like once a month for me or Mars, but you just sit there, sipping happily like your heart is unbreakable. How you do that?”
“Step one is not having anything resembling a love life,” Maria Hill mumbled, swirling the dregs of her third beer in the bottom of her glass. She wore her tight, black SHIELD-issue uniform with the ease of long practice, ignoring the admiring-but-intimidated looks she garnered from every corner of the shabby bar. “Seriously, Phil, when was the last time you got laid? Hell, you’d think you would have an easier time than we do finding someone to warm your sheets.”
Phil Coulson lifted one eyebrow at her. “And just exactly how would I have an easier time? Is there some large segment of the population with a fetish for men with too many secrets and too few hair follicles I haven’t managed to tap into yet?”
“You’d be surprised.” Jasper ran a hand over his polished dome and grinned. “You have good bones; you should try shaving that Captain America-perfect part you have going on.”
A wave of Maria’s gun-calloused fingers interrupted him. 
“I’m just saying,” she explained glumly, “you’re not bad looking. You’re smart. Sometimes you’re funny. And you’re not choosy about girl or boy. You should be able to…” She trailed off, staring vaguely into the middle distance toward the shining bottles behind the bar.
“Mars?” Phil nudged her leg under the table with the polished tip of his shoe. That was usually a dangerous gesture, but she was slow enough from alcohol that he was sure he could dodge a retaliatory kick. He nudged harder. “Mars!”
She swung her attention back and lashed out with a boot. Phil easily pulled his foot out of range; Jasper’s shin wasn’t so fortunate.
“Goddamn it, Maria!” Jasper curled uncomfortably to reach his abused leg with one hand. “That fucking hurt!”
“You were saying?” Phil headed off the drunken posturing with a hand waved between their faces. “I should be able to what?”
“You should be able to walk straight enough to get the next round,” she told him with the deep sincerity of the exceptionally intoxicated. “Although, since you’re not straight…”
“I’m going.” Phil rolled his eyes in exasperated fondness. He slid out of the circular booth and leaned his hands on the table. “You two try to contain the drunken tears. Or at least the drunken snot.”
“You need to get your heart broken a few times,” Maria told him solemnly. “It’s unnatural that you never need to drown your feelings.”
Phil patted her hand before heading to the bar. When he returned with three beers, Maria and Jasper had their heads tipped far too close together, whispering and gesturing. 
“Bad idea, Jas,” Maria said, leaning away. “He’s got a nice ass. We could just work with his ass to set him up and let him get dumped that way.”
“I really just don’t want to know, do I.” Phil kept his tone dry, sliding the drinks across the table. 
“We decided you have a nice butt,” Jas announced loudly, and then his face went through a complicated twist of expressions as he rewound his statement and realized how it sounded; Phil snorted at the horrified look that Jasper's face finally settled on. “Not that I’d know, but I’ll bow to her expertise.”
“Shut up and drink,” Phil grumbled as he slid back in and bumped his shoulder against Maria’s. She went boneless against his side and let her head flop against his shoulder. 
“Hey.” Jasper was plaintive and pouting from the far side of the table. “This is my pity party! Why is he getting all the love?”
“Six weeks,” Maria mumbled, pressing her face into Phil’s shirtsleeve. “‘S been six weeks since I’ve so much as had a date.”
“And it’s been…” Jasper held his arm too close to his face, studied his watch a moment. He blinked twice and then closed one eye before studying the face again, counting under his breath. “... five hours since I got dumped. By text message. Who even does that?”
“You probably deserved it,” Phil told him blandly. He took a long draught from his mug, and then lifted his free arm to swipe the foam from his lip with his thumb. “You’re really a pretty lousy boyfriend.”
“I’m a very good boyfriend, I’ll have you know." Jasper sniffed, offended and haughty. “I’m just a better secret agent.”
“Let’s finish this round and call a cab,” Phil said wearily. “With friends like you, who has time to date? Too busy getting you drunk to go out with anyone else.”
Jasper snorted and downed his mug in steady gulps. “So get a move on with the finishing." His empty glass thunked against the table. “We’re crashing at yours tonight.”
Once Phil had collected his suit coat and tie from the back of his chair, it took Jasper's help to haul a stumbling Maria out of the booth. Leaning together, they all lurched their way out to the street
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Jasper Sitwell & Maria Hill

freeform: 
Mail Order Brides
Mission Fic
Farce
Fluff
Secret Identity
Fake Relationship
UST
mild depictions of canon-typical violence
nothing good ever happens in Rotterdam
Something good happens in Rotterdam
poor decision making with a head injury
faking not being in a relationship
Resolved Sexual Tension
so resolved
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Jasper Sitwell & Maria Hill

