Work Text:
When Bucky is seven years old, a green and yellow moving van with the word “Mayflower” stamped on the side parks at the curb across the street. “Mom?” he pitches his voice so she’ll hear him in Rebecca’s room.  He pushes his nose against the glass of the skinny window next to the front door as he sees the driver of the truck get out and stretch. “Mom?” “For goodness sake, Bucky, come up here!  I have my hands full.”  Reluctant to leave the window in case the van pulls away, Bucky scuttles up the stairs backwards and then sprints for the baby’s room. “What is it?” his mother asks as she fusses with the little yellow outfit she’s trying to squeeze Rebecca into.  Bucky’s sister is having none of it, and Bucky’s determination to get out of the house is doubled when he hears the wet hitches of breath that mean she’s about to start screaming. “Mom, there’s a moving van across the street!  A moving van!  It stopped!  Is someone moving in?” he asks at about a mile a minute.  His heart is racing, and he can’t help but bounce on the toes of his light-up hightops. His mom smiles at him before making a grab for squirmy Rebecca. “Your dad and I met the new family last week.  We held off on telling you because we knew your jets would be going until they got here,” she says affectionately. Bucky bounces all the harder, and it seems like a good idea to grip the sides of the doorjamb so that he can channel this bounciness into actual jumping.  His sneakers flash as he uses the doorjamb to pull himself even higher, his little butt wagging behind him.  “If you knew I’d be excited…then that means there’s a kid,” he exclaims, before whooping loud enough to set Rebecca off and flying back down the stairs. “Bucky, you may not go over there without your dad or me,” his mom yells at him, and Bucky dramatically leaps from the bottom step and flattens himself against the door. “Moooooom!” he howls as Rebecca does the same thing upstairs.  This is the height of unfairness.  There is finally a kid in their neighborhood, and Bucky is being held inside against his will. All the other kids are babies like Rebecca or teenagers like Bucky’s older sister Nat.  Babies are boring as dirt, and teenagers are actually really interesting, but it’s important to pretend like they’re unbearably stupid.   Bucky would rather lick a worm than admit to Nat that she’s cool. But thinking about her gives him an idea. “Mom, can Nat come with me?” he yells as he resituates himself on the floor and stomps his feet on the wall. “James, stop yelling when Rebecca is crying!” is her response.  Bucky huffs, chastened by his real name and seething with the lack of justice in this house. He will meet that kid, he swears, and he will be friends with him or her.  Come September when they go back to school, Bucky will have a new best friend, and Joey will regret the day he buried Bucky’s Optimus Prime and forgot where it was. Bucky’s mom insists on bringing the new family, the Rogers family apparently, a cake.  Now, Bucky has nothing against cake – he’s a big fan, in fact – but it seems to him that the neighborly spirit is a little squashed when you have to bring a bribe. He expresses this idea as he’s sitting on the counter, feet swinging and banging into the cupboards with pleasing thunks.  Nat is laughing at him as she spreads yellow frosting over the surface of the cake and steals little licks of frosting when their mom isn’t looking. “I agree with Buck.  It’s like we’re buying our way into their circle,” she says.  Their mom rolls her eyes. “I have the most jaded children on the planet.  We’re doing something nice for them to welcome them to the neighborhood and show them how nice we are around here.” “Is that so they’ll be surprised when Bucky kicks the snot out of their little boy?” Nat asks sweetly.  Their mom swats at her arm while Bucky’s thoughts race.  A little boy.  He’d been hoping, not that he has anything against girls.  He’s already kissed two; he likes girls. His feet kick harder as he gets more and more excited. “Nat, don’t joke about that,” she’s scolded.  “Bucky knows that hitting is wrong.  He and Dr. Michaels have a plan for when he gets angry.”  She’s technically speaking to Nat, but Bucky knows he’s supposed to be listening too.  He doesn’t respond; Bucky’s only been in four fights, and it’s not like he can’t control himself.  They were all necessary, is the thing. “Can we go soon?” he asks, finally hopping off the counter.  He pinches Nat’s leg innocently as he passes, and she hits him with the spatula, getting frosting in his hair.  That sets their mom off for some reason, and it’s over an hour until Bucky’s frosting-free, they’ve both been scolded, and the cake is covered in sprinkles. After careful deliberation, Bucky had decided to wear his best Yankees t-shirt today.  It’s important to make a good first impression, and anyway, there’s no point if the kid is a Mets fan. Bucky’s mom holds the baby, Nat holds the cake, and Bucky hol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
soul mates
Minor Character Death
Wakes & Funerals
Divorce
Bucky/OFC - Freeform
Scarring
Fate & Destiny
2014 SteveBucky Bookclub
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

