Work Text:
Tony scrubs a hand over his face as he sits back in his very expensive, ergonomic office chair and laments his existence.As an omega in a high, very public position, control has always been the key element in Tony’s life. Sure, there was a period in his twenties to mid thirties when he’d thrown that idea to the wind and done whatever the hell he’d wanted. Even then, though, he’d played the game of manipulating what the media saw and said about him. He had to control everything: his scent, sex drive, and most of all… his heats.Which isn’t possible when he’s run out of his goddamn suppressants. He had dug through the workshop earlier, found nothing, and then remembered that he sometimes kept some in his rarely used office. So he came up here for a few meetings, hoping to grab his suppressants, only to find himself at 6 PM on a Friday with his heat coming on and not a prescription bottle in sight.Needless to say, he isn’t in a good mood as he marches to the elevator.“J, any issues clearing my schedule?”“There was an interview that you were expected to participate in, Sir, but I’ve sent instructions to reschedule it.”“Good.” Thank god he’s able to dodge that bullet. If anyone tries to make Tony sit in a room for yet another meeting, he will lose it. From what he can remember, he’s got a few hours before the symptoms get really annoying, but he’d rather not take any unnecessary risks.Upon reaching the elevators, he impatiently jabs the down button and groans when he sees one elevator coming all the way up from the 40th floor. This is what he gets for building something with 96 floors. Naturally, Stark Tower’s elevators are fast and comfortable. Right now, though, with how Tony’s stomach is starting to cramp, he would jump out of a window if it would get him home faster instead of killing him.He glances over to see a second elevator in the sublevels and the third out of service. “Remind me why I didn’t have a private elevator installed?” he asks his AI.“If I recall, Sir,” JARVIS replies, “you consider them to be in poor taste.”Tony groans again as he reaches up to pinch the bridge of his nose. Fuck his good intentions. Seriously.As he’s watching the numbers on the elevator rise, he notices his leg shaking and has to stop himself. Even worse, he can feel the first signs of his ass loosening up as it prepares to produce slick, and it’s driving him nuts. When the elevator finally arrives, he breathes a sigh of relief and practically dashes inside.He mashes the garage sub basement and close door buttons at the same time and retreats to the far side of the car once the doors have closed. As the numbers count down, he turns to look at the gorgeous view of the city below through the tinted one-way glass of the elevator wall. Usually, he’d find the sight relaxing, but right now it’s hard to concentrate. Despite the building’s many air filters and perfectly controlled climate, he’s sweating more than usual. Tony reaches up to loosen his tie, but ends up just untying it and sticking it haphazardly into his suit jacket pocket.He needs a cold shower. That, and a nice night with some of his favorites from his sex toy collection. As he’s thinking over which vibrator he’ll start with, the elevator starts slowing down. Glancing up at the number, he resists the urge to sigh. Fucking floor 52—he’s not even halfway to the garage.Tony takes his phone out, pretending to look at it to avoid any interaction, until he catches a glimpse of his unexpected companion. He almost drops the phone and has to consciously restrain himself from gawking because  wow, since when did his company hire a total specimen like this guy? Tall, built, and definitely Tony’s type. He knows he would have remembered walking past this guy in the hallway—that hip to shoulder ratio alone. The guy’s shirt is clearly a size too small, and Tony isn’t sure how much longer those checkered sleeves can contain those biceps.Needless to say, Tony wants to climb this guy like a tree. Not that he would, seeing as how Tony does  not  date his employees. He decides to blame his oncoming heat for how all these thoughts are going right to his dick. And who knows, maybe this guy is a contractor working on the building? Which means he wouldn’t technically be an employee… Tony shakes his head as he slams the brakes on that train of thought. Shit like this is why he  hates his heats—that loss of control frightens him more than he’d care to admit.Figures that on today, of all days, Tony runs into this mystery Adonis. Well, at least he has something for the spank bank when he gets home. Every cloud has a silver lining, and all that.Tony starts to relax again and actually pays attention to his phone instead of the blond hottie on the other side of the car. That is, of course, when the whole elevator jerks to a sudden stop and the lights go out.Well, shit.
 “I’m so sorry, Mr. Rogers,” the receptionist says sincerely. “I’m afraid something came up at the last second and the fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Trapped In Elevator
Elevator Sex
Mildly Dubious Consent
Pheromones
Awkwardness
Smut
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Knotting
Wet & Messy
Come Inflation
Belly Kink
Meet-Cute
meet-sexy
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Porn With Plot
Possessive Behavior
Nesting
Getting Together
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
POV Alternating
Soulmates
Steve Rogers' Monster Cock

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

