Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Tell that to the dead."Helmut's words were cold and despite everything that had happened between the two of them, T'Challa still lunged to push his hand in front of the brunette's chin to intercept the shot. T'Challa was done allowing vengeance to consume him, to alter his judgments and turn him into a man his father would not have wanted to see if he were still alive. Justice wasn't letting the man end his life, it was making him live a life of confinement. He may not have believed the stories himself, but the Ancestral Plane allowed his father to finally rest with his ancestors of the Golden Tribe such as Azzuri. Zemo, on the other hand, would wallow in a cell. That was justice in itself.Tightly knitting his arm across Zemo's neck, he brought the two crashing to the icy ground - of which his Black Panther suit allowed him to remain free of its freezing touch - and after discarding the silver gun, T'Challa kept a tight hold on Zemo as the latter's breath became more agitated."The living are not done with you, yet."Knowing it was all over, Helmut struggled less and initially, T'Challa had chosen to take Zemo back immediately to Everett Ross and conclude all of this by going back to Wakanda and properly mourning his father. But something erupted from a far distance than him, it sounded like a blast, and T'Challa decided it was best to investigate it. He had last seen the Avengers and Bucky from a distance while they talked to Helmut and after that, T'Challa had sought a way to find and capture Helmut. Now that he had the Sokovian bound and incapacitated, the prince chose to investigate the noise. He picked up his helmet from the snow and began to trail back.Making his way back into the HYDRA Siberian Facility, he had failed to overhear Steve and Bucky fighting Tony and looked around the dingy facility in an attempt to find someone. Soon after, he found the same room he'd been in, but this time there had been signs of some sort of fight. Between who? He'd gone after Zemo himself. Garnering more confusion on the subject, T'Challa observed his surroundings and saw burning metal in the corner of the room, scorch marks across the gravel of the ground and utter destruction across the entirety of the room.Rubble spread across the room, T'Challa couldn't make sense of the situation other than the Super Soldiers must have been woken to fight the three and this was the outcome of said battle. But now it was about finding the others in case the whole facility came crashing down and they were unconscious. "Barnes! Rogers! Stark!" T'Challa called out ferociously. The building seemed unstable, despite being one made for durability, and when it was silent after, he listened past the crackling of further and the groaning of steel stretching before it dropped and heard what seemed to be a deep, echoing clanging from below the floor he was on. Looking down, he could see something red at the bottom of the building and cautiously dropped down. Once he was all the way down, he landed gracefully on the thin snow of the ground and to his shock, the red he'd seen from a distance was a body laid out, covered in cuts, broken armor tore apart and a destroyed helmet to the side.It was Tony.Struck with shock, T'Challa quickly kneeled and observed the man. He was critically injured, but pressing two fingers against his neck allowed him to detect a pulse and he looked up, seeing Steve's shield resting flat against the snow with the same claw marks he himself had left. Where were the others? T'Challa thought to himself, too distressed to say anything aloud. Seeing the brown-haired billionaire laid out on the ground barely breathing rose grand concern for T'Challa and he'd never seen anything like this. "Tony? Tony, can you hear me?" T'Challa asked nervously. An ally in circumstances, and in the airport, T'Challa was already worried about Tony, but this was someone who had offered Barnes to him understanding how much T'Challa had been affected by the damage initially believed to of Bucky's doing. Throughout this entire situation, Tony had always been on T'Challa's side, and T'Challa was more than grateful for it. So much so that seeing Tony in this condition disturbed T'Challa, whose eyes were wide and mouth was open. "Stark, if you can understand me, I am going to take you back to Wakanda. You'll heal better there."He knew only one person to contact and tapped the radio on his helmet."Okoye, I need you to contact Agent Ross and tell him that Helmut Zemo has been incapacitated in Siberia. He will find him tied up outside the HYDRA Siberian Facility, I'm sending the coordinates now."
'Of course, my prince. Is there anything else you wish for me to do?'
T'Challa looked over Tony and frowned."I will be bringing Tony Stark back to Wakanda, he is severely injured. Let Shuri know I will need her assistance in the Medical Center immediately."
'Yes, T'Challa.'
"Thank you, Okoye."T'Challa picked Tony up gently and put Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (past)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Shuri & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Injury Recovery
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst
Sad

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (past)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Shuri & Tony Stark

