Chapter 1: Finding Out
    




Chapter Text
Claudia Stilinkski always did her best to hide the truth from her family: her past, her family, the boy she couldn’t quite seem to let go of. All to spare John and Stiles from the heartbreak that would inevitably occur if they were to ever know. Claudia didn’t necessarily believe in karma. Growing up surrounded by some of the wealthiest members of society in the nation, she’d met her share of vile and power-hungry people, and despite their awful actions, only seemed to succeed in life. So no, she couldn’t say karma existed.Though being diagnosed with an incurable disease in her early 30’s did temporarily force her to reevaluate her beliefs. As she read through the letters she’d written Tony over the years it became clear this wasn’t an act of karma. Rather, it was an inevitability. One she prolonged for her own selfish reasons. Life intervened to correct her mistakes. It was comical really; in the end, she became her own worst nightmare. A woman who lied, cheated, and stepped on multiple hearts to keep her safe bubble from exploding. A woman who hid her own child from his father, the very man (who she claimed to love above everyone else) she left with a broken heart. Then to rope a man not only into loving a woman who would never be able to fully love the man the way he loved her but roped him into loving a boy that wasn’t even his.Karma, some supernatural force trying to balance good and bad, isn’t real; karma is just the inevitably of your actions catching up with you.And just like all the people she did her best to despise, she gets away with it. For she dies much too early in life and never has to face the consequences of her actions. She leaves behind three broken hearts to clean up after her mess with her looking down from above, regretful of the choices she made, as she watches the truths she guarded deeply within herself, finally unveil themselves.  Stiles Stilinski has the best mom in the world.He knows everyone believes that about their mom but when he compares his mom to his classmates’ moms, he knows he’s right. His mom actually plays toys with him. She doesn’t just read books aloud to him, she recites stories of epic tales and ancient battles. She understands him. He knows his ADHD can be hard on others (he’s too twitchy, too talkative, just plain too much) but his mom always makes him feel like he’s just the right amount of himself. She helps him with his homework, knows that you should put the peanut butter on one side of the bread and jelly on the other, and puts just the right amount of ketchup on his hot dogs.So yeah, his mom is the absolute best.When his parents sit him down to tell him his mom’s brain is shrinking and that she’s going to die (they do a much better job of explaining this, using special words that make him think they were coached by someone on how to tell him) his entire world crashes. It’s not fair. Stiles pleads and promises to be his extra best self so that God won’t take his mom away.She still dies.What he hadn’t been aware of is that had only been the beginning of his world crashing. For as his mom’s health declines, she starts to say the oddest things. Sometimes when he talks to her it’s like his mom is missing and a whole new woman appears. His dad says it’s normal and to just go along with it.By pure chance, his father happened to never be in the room when she forgets who Stiles is and instead calls him Tony. It hurts a lot because moms aren’t supposed to forget you. Isn’t a parent's love for their child the most powerful thing? Shouldn’t that be enough for her to remember him? To stay? After a while, though he becomes used to the slip-ups and plays along because he loves seeing her smile, and this was a beautiful smile. His mom had always been pretty but even Stiles, who thinks girls are pretty gross except for Lydia Martin but that’s okay because it’s Lydia Martin, has to admit he’s never seen anyone prettier in his whole life than his mom when she smiles at him like this. Her whole face would light up, her smile soft and her eyes filled with unbridled joy. Whoever this Tony was, he had clearly been special to his mom.Whenever she’s lucid he wants to ask her about this friend of hers, but he always puts it aside to bask in the rare moments of her undivided attention on him, not Tony. He knew what was coming and at age 9 he’d rather have his mom tell him stories, ask him to blather on about the newest book he’d read, geek out with him about superheroes, and avoid the topic that next year she might not be here anymore.But he never forgets about Tony. It’s what prompts him to go searching in the attic one day, at the age of 14, years after his mom’s been buried. Scott’s mom had some old friends stop by Scott’s house that day and he witnesses how different she acts. She looks younger and lighter and it reminds him of those days he hadn’t been Stiles anymore, but Tony. He knows his dad keeps a lot of his mom’s stuff in the a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Scott McCall/Kira Yukimura
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
They break up in this
Pre-Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sheriff Stilinski's Name is John
Sheriff Stilinski is Not Stiles Stilinski's Parent
Stiles Stilinski Is Bad at Feelings
Light Angst
Fluff and Angst
POV Alternating
POV Tony Stark
POV Stiles Stilinski
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Slow Burn
Stony is endgame
As is sterek
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not teen wolf compliant past 3B
Additional POV's added throughout
Hurt Stiles
Hurt Tony Stark
Clint barton doesn't have a family in this
Swearing
POV Derek Hale
Bad parenting in chapter 7
Mentions of eating disorder behavior as a result of grief

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Scott McCall/Kira Yukimura
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
They break up in this
Pre-Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

