Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There was a thud and suddenly the weight on Peter’s back disappeared.“Oh crap.” Peter muttered as he saw his schoolbooks scattered on the floor next to his locker.“Uh, Peter, I think your backpack has a hole.” Ned pointed out. Peter grimaced as he inspected the damage. The bottom of the bag was completely torn, and Peter doubted that any amount of duct tape would be able to fix it again. But he had to try, because he knew for certain that May couldn’t afford another backpack.“The infamous Parker luck strikes again.” Ned chuckled as he started to pick up some of Peter’s books. After putting them in Peter’s locker he patted his friend’s shoulder encouragingly.“Come on, dude. You look like somebody killed a spider. It’s just a backpack.” Ned tried to console him, while also grinning about the reference to Peter’s secret alter ego.“Sure. Yeah, you are right.” Peter hastily answered and quickly crouched down to pick up his notebook with sketches on improvements for his suit. He wouldn’t tell Ned that he couldn’t even afford a new backpack. He wouldn’t tell his best friend that he and May had neatly written down their budget for the coming months down to the last dollar. There was not enough money for surprise expenses like a torn backpack. There was barely enough money for anything really. But Peter didn’t have the courage to talk about it. As much as wished to explain to his friend, how bad his situation was (first and foremost how bad May was) he just couldn’t bring it up. Because talking about it would make it so much more real.His spider-sense warned him of an approaching danger. Peter didn’t even have to look up to know whose boot just kicked Peter’s things across the hallway.“Hey, Penis Parker.” Flash greeted him mockingly.“What do you want, Flash?” Peter asked angrily.“Can’t even afford a backpack, huh Parker? Why don’t you ask your friend Tony Stark to buy you a new one? Oh wait, your internship is just made up, of course you can’t ask him.” The other boy scoffed.“Leave him alone.” Ned stepped closer to Flash.“You can’t even defend yourself, but your girlfriend has to. You are pathetic Parker. Pathetic Penis Parker.” Flash then shoved Peter into the lockers behind him.  “See you at the party, Penis. Maybe ask your buddy Spider-man to join since last time he couldn’t manage to come.”When Flash had finally left into a classroom, Peter sighed. His spider-sense tended to keep him on edge, even when there was no real danger around. It flared up and it almost didn’t matter if the danger was a bank robber, a man dressed up as a mechanic vulture or just Flash.“Peter?” Ned asked him as the boy had picked up some wrinkled notebooks from the floor. “Why don’t you?”“Why don’t I what?” Peter wanted to know..“What Flash said… Why don’t you ask Mr. Stark to, you know, buy you things?” Ned wanted to know.“Why would I do that?” Peter asked growing irritated.“He is a billionaire. He could probably pay yours and May’s rent for the rest of your life and it wouldn’t even make a dent for him.” Ned explained.“Yeah, but why would he?” Peter countered as he brushed some dirt of his physics homework which had also been kicked by Flash.“Because he can…? I mean you fought freaking Captain America for him and that flying vulture guy. You would kind of deserve some payment.”“I got the suit. I think that is payment enough. Also, Spider-man fought those guys, not Peter Parker. Why would Mr. Stark pay Peter Parker’s rent?” Peter argued, but Ned only furrowed his brows in confusion.“But Peter Parker is Spider-man.” Ned said, his voice was something between confused and uncertain.“Ned, I just got Mr. Stark’s trust back after that whole homecoming fiasco. I’m not going to ask him for money. I don’t want him to think that I’m after his money like everybody else. Besides, how would I explain to May why Mr. Stark suddenly buys me things? I already had a hard time making up an excuse, when she saw me in the suit. As far as she knows I’m just a regular intern at Stark Industries and I get to see Mr. Stark once in a while. May and I are doing fine. We don’t need his money.” Peter told his friend.Ned shrugged his shoulder. “Alright, alright. It was just a suggestion. Let’s go to physics. Mrs. Warren will have our asses, if we are late again.”Peter nodded and quickly took out his physics book from the locker before closing it.“And, Peter.” Ned quickly added. “I can bring you my old backpack tomorrow. You can have it; I don’t need it anymore.”Peter felt his cheek turn red. How much did Ned know about his crappy financial situation?“Thanks Ned.” Peter answered after some hesitation. “That would be great.”They quickly moved towards their next classroom.“By the way, what party was Flash talking about?” Peter asked.Ned blinked at him a few times incredulously. “Tonight is Cindy’s party? Remember? The party the whole school is talking about for days? You promised you would go with me. You can still come, right?” Ned asked his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Poverty
sick aunt May
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Seriously. Somebody please hug him.
Peter Parker Whump
Slow Burn
Parent Tony Stark
Irondad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

