Work Text:
‘One last announcement before you can finally leave, we’ll all be going on a field trip next Friday, one we’ve been granted due to our excellent prestations with the team in the last year. We’re going to… Stark Industries’ Mr Harrington closed off the academic decathlon practice.NO! Nonononono. This can’t happen. Peter groaned‘Dude, do you think the Avengers will come to our group?’ Ned asked.‘I hope not.’ Peter whispered.‘So Peter, afraid of turning out to be a liar?’ Flash taunted. Everyone rolled their eyes. It wasn’t like they believed Peter, but they didn’t feel the need to constantly try to call him out on it.As M.J. gave everyone the permission slips, Mr Harrington came to Peter. ‘Can you stay behind, please?’Peter sighed. He already knew what this would be about. Despite having filed the correct paperwork, still, not a single teacher believed him.They waited for a second until everyone had left, Ned was waiting outside.‘Peter, do you know why I asked you to stay behind?’ Mr Harrington asked.‘I have my suspicions.’ He answered dryly.‘We know that it’s not always easy to not be the most popular kid, but lying isn’t going to change that. Please, even if you don’t admit to your lie, don’t mention it at Stark Industries.’‘I really do have an internship, and I’ve filed every paper necessary to prove it to the school, but I promise I won’t tell lies or do anything else to embarrass the school during the field trip.’Mr Harrington sighed. ‘Then you can go.’Peter couldn’t believe it. Why couldn’t his teachers at least take the paperwork as the truth instead of some school gossip?‘Why did he hold you back?’ Ned asked once Peter had left the classroom.‘He, just like everyone else, thinks I’m lying about the internship.’ Peter answered, frustrated.‘But you’ve even got a real one now and you’re actually doing science stuff. Why does he think that?’Peter scoffed. ‘Not a clue.’When Peter returned home, May was already waiting for him.‘I just got a mail from school, requesting me to talk to you about the fact that you’re lying about your internship. How long has this been going on?’‘Since it started.’ Peter admitted. It was hard lying to May.‘But we filed all proper paperwork.’ His aunt exclaimed.Peter just shrugged as an answer. He grabbed in his bag and held out the SI field trip form.A smile erupted on May’s face. ‘That’s your Parker luck playing up right there. How do you get in these situations?’ She asked. At the end of that sentence, she was barely holding in her laughter.‘Beats me…’ Peter sighed.‘I’m going to tell Tony about this.’ May laughed devilishly.‘Don’t you dare.’ Peter protested.‘Who’s stopping me?’ Came the innocent reply.‘Spider-Man.’‘I wish him the best of luck.’Peter dropped himself on the couch sulking. Which only caused May to laugh harder.Eventually, she sobered up. ‘You’re heading over there this afternoon anyway. Perhaps you can ask Pepper to schedule some meetings for Tony?’‘I can try…’ Peter said doubtfully. ‘But he’d probably skip these meetings anyway.’‘There’s no harm in trying.’When Peter arrived at SI, through the actual entrance for a change, he even had to use his badge, it turned out he didn’t even have to ask Pepper, as she intercepted him when he entered the private elevator.‘Hi, Peter.’‘Hi, Ms Potts.’‘I’ve told you to call me Pepper.’ She corrected kindly.‘Sorry, Ms- Uh Pepper.’Pepper laughed. ‘I saw your school’s academic decathlon team has a field trip here. You’re on that team correct?’‘Yes, I am.’ Peter answered resigned.‘I can try to schedule meetings for Tony, but that both won’t keep him there not will it stop any of the others.’‘Don’t remind me please.’As Peter got out at one of the intern floors to help the other interns (and duck the Avengers.) Pepper smiled. ‘I’ll try to keep the Avengers from finding out, but good luck on your part.’Peter just sighed, that was getting a regular occurrence, he realized. It might have something to do with the rollercoaster that was his life.‘Peter, do you mind helping me with this problem?’ A higher level intern, Ellie, came towards him.'Of course not.’ He said, walking over to her work.'Try using magnesium nitrate instead of magnesium chloride. It shouldn't matter, but yet, every time it does.’'I should've known.’ Ellie sighed. ‘Thanks, Pete.’'No problem.’ He smiled.He went to work on some independent projects for an hour before Bucky came in.‘Pete, can you help me with my arm? It keeps jamming.’‘One sec.’ He picked up his stuff and went with Bucky to his personal lab.When the got there Peter immediately frowned. ‘That arm doesn't look very comfortable...’‘It isn't, but it works.’ That would have to change, perhaps he could design a new arm?Peter started to fix this one first, memorising how it was built in the meantime. By the time he was done, Steve walked in. ‘What do you want for dinner?’‘Chinese’ came from Bucky, ‘Indonesian.’ said Peter.Steve sighed. ’What's wrong with a good home-cooked meal?’‘You could try to make n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Field Trip to SI
flash thompson is a dick

fandom: 
None
