Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Please, sir,” Steve said, not ashamed that he was close to getting on his knees and begging. “I’ll have the money by Friday. That’s when my paycheck comes in.”“I’ve given you long enough. Your rent has been overdue for weeks.” His landlord didn’t move from behind his desk. He didn’t look any bit apologetic to be kicking Steve out of his apartment. He’d come back from picking his son up from school, saw that there was an eviction notice taped to the door, and the locks were changed.“I had the money, but my son had to got to the hospital because of an asthma attack. I had to use all the money money set aside for rent for his medical bills instead.”“I don’t want to hear your sob story.”Steve sighed, clenching his jaw. He took a moment to calm himself before answering. This man didn’t want to hear his ‘sob story’ because he hadn’t been there the night Peter’s lungs decided they didn’t want to work. He didn’t see his lips turning blue or hear his pained wheezes as he struggled to breathe. He didn’t know what it was like to almost lose his child. “Fine. Can I at least go up and get my stuff?”“Not yours anymore.”Steve shook his head. He didn’t have much, but everything he did have was in that apartment.  Everything. “Please just let us up one last time. We’ll be done within the hour.” He knew if he got a lawyer he could fight this, but if he had the money and time for all of that, he wouldn’t be getting kicked out of this dump in the first place.“Or you can leave now.”Steve wrung the baseball cap he was squeezing in his hands. “Sir, please. At least let me up to get my son’s stuffed animal. It’s his favorite. He’s only 4 and he won’t understand why he can’t have it back.”Shrugging his shoulders, the man said, “Then his daddy should do a better job at taking care of him.”Steve really couldn’t argue that. He didn’t have a good job that paid enough to support him and his son. What kind of father struggled just to put a plate of pasta in front of his child? “I know. I know. Just-- please. His inhaler is in his room too and he needs that-- I don’t have another. Please.”Either the man did have a heart and didn’t want a child to die without his inhaler or he realized Steve was stubborn enough to stay here and argue all day. “Fine,” he snapped. “You’ve got a half hour. Whatever you can carry down in one go, you can keep.”Steve sighed in relief. “Thank you. Thank you so much.”“Yeah, yeah,” he said, tossing the new set of keys on the desk. “Your clock is ticking. Go.”Steve nodded his head as he grabbed the keys and hurried out of the office. He grabbed Peter’s hand from where he was sitting on the ground just outside the door. “Come on, buddy.”Peter ran next to him, doing his best to keep up with Steve’s big strides. When they got to the stairs, Steve leaned down and scooped him up in his arms. Peter laughed and grabbed onto his shirt. “What’re we doing, Papa? Why’re you running?”Peter didn’t know how screwed they were. He didn’t know they didn’t have a buck to their names. Even if he did, he wouldn’t understand what being broke meant. And Steve didn’t want him to worry about a thing. “We’re playing a game.”Peter kicked his feet excitedly with a giggle. Despite the situation they were in, Steve couldn’t help but smile at that sound. “Okay!” Steve was grateful that even through all of this shit, Peter could still be a kid.He ran them to their apartment and stuck the new key into the lock. He dropped Peter to his feet carefully, looking around the apartment. It wasn’t much, but it was home. It was where he brought Peter home, where Peter first talked, learned to crawl, and then walk. It was where he grew up. And now they were losing it.And there was no way he could carry everything, but he was going to get everything he could.He turned to Peter and said, “Alright, next part of the game. Go to your room and pack up a backpack full of your favorite toys, okay?”Peter frowned, tilting his head. “Why?”“We have to leave here. And...what we leave behind, we’re not gonna get back. So make sure you take what you want. I’m going to pack our food and clothes. You worry about your toys.” Steve could see Peter getting upset, so he tried to calm him down. “We’re okay. We’re just going on an adventure.”“But...but I like home.”Steve didn’t have time to argue this and he tried to remain as patient as he could. “I know, Pete, but we’re going to find a better place. I promise you. Right after our adventure.”“A fun adventure?”Steve smiled smally. “I hope.”That seemed to get Peter to run to his room and get to work. While Peter worried about his toys, Steve hurried to take care of the stuff they needed to survive. He went to their closet and pulled out two suitcases and a backpack.The first thing he went to get was the box in his room. It was a wooden box made by Peter in school last year. It was a bright blue and in red paint he wrote:  I love you Papa! Steve used it to keep valuables safe. He had a small wad of bills
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Superfamily
Homelessness
steve is peter's biological father
Kid Peter Parker
He's four
he's a cutie
Protective Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Derogatory Language
Financial Issues
Slow Burn
Mentions of Prostitution
Temper Tantrums
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Codependency
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Separation Anxiety
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Panic Attacks
Drinking
Strippers & Strip Clubs
Past Child Abuse
Nightmares
Fluff and Angst
Domestic
Christmas Fluff
Sickfic
Common Cold
Asthma
Fainting
Hospitalization
Child Protective Services
Christmas

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

