Chapter 1: Audition
    


Summary:

This story will IGNORE what happens in the future  and past of the MCU. Just AU for y’all.



Notes:
I don’t own ANY of characters, celebrities, companies, and brands mentioned in this story, I wish I did but I don’t obviously.This Natasha is going to be so OOC, so you’ve been warned! And also, you’re not gonna see too much of S and N past, just a tiny bit, the necessary only, because we’re gonna focus on the present.Characters are gonna be young, so Steve will be 26 and Nat 25. Others age will be said later on in the story, but they’ll be around the same age. AND my Steve is having short hair and beard, just a sweet reminder ;)So, without further dumbass explanations, enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Are you nervous?”Natasha sighed and looked over her best friend from the passenger seat as Maria drove her beat-up Nissan four door (since Natasha’s beat -up Honda broke down yesterday) towards R&S facility in Manhattan.  R&S, a famously known fashion clothing line that stands for, Rogers & Stark .  “A little. Yeah,” Natasha sighs again, but this time deeper. She was going to audition for a model in R&S, since the said company launched a campaign looking for new talents. The redhead’s dream since she was a little girl was to be a supermodel and walk those famous catwalks and Fashion Weeks around the world, but she never had the time nor the money to invest on that dream.  Orphan five year old girl, who never got adopted or at least fostered, moved from orphanage to orphanage until she was 18 and immediately left the orphanage to pursue her dream career, but life out there isn’t always pretty or how she imagined.  After leaving the orphanage, she started working and since then, there was no time for her dream, she tried , but for people like her, with no family or support, there was no way she could be a model.  Until now.  Until she saw the perfect opportunity online, seeing the ad from R&S, and immediately quitting her lame ass job as a waitress, rushed into practicing and showing her friends her strides in the small living room of the apartment. Clint mentioning she was born to be a model, Bobbi, Clint’s girlfriend, cheering her up as she modeled, and Maria (who has been there since they both met at the age of 14 in the orphanage and ran away together) smiled proudly and fanned her face before she could cry. Because she knew this was Natasha’s dream .  “You’ll be fine,” Maria smiled and reached for Nat’s hand.  Natasha chuckled nervously and nods her head, grabbing her friend’s hand and squeezed it.  When they arrived, after getting anxious with the traffic, and fearing Natasha wasn’t going to make it. Maria managed to drop Natasha off and wished her luck before she left for work as the redhead thanked her and watched her drive away. She closes her eyes and inhaled, exhaling slowly.  She adjusted her blouse and skirt, turns around to see the impressive modern building, her heart flutters. Smiling brightly, she begins rushing toward the entrance, not even paying attention to the beautiful structure outside and inside.  Natasha reached the lobby and fast walked to the receptionist, who’s a blonde middle-aged woman , around her 40 to 50’s, smiling and waving goodbye to three young ladies. The blonde woman then turned her attention to the redhead stopping in front of the deck.  “Hello, good morning - I'm here for the auditions for appendices model?” Natasha said a little bit breathless. The woman smiles wider and nods her head.  “It must be your lucky day, because the deadline is in 10 minutes.”  “I know, the traffic was bad, I thought I wasn’t gonna make it,” Romanoff explained as the woman reaches for a tag.  “Here. You can go up in the elevator like in about 15 minutes, go to the last floor and then there should be a lobby full of girls waiting for their turn to be auditioned,” the blonde lady sweetly instructed her.  Natasha sighs in relief and then worries, “Are there a lot?”  “ Uff ! Let's say like, whole New York is here?” The lady chuckles, making Natasha’s face fall, hopes going down, “But don't you worry, sweetie. By far, you're the prettiest I've seen,” the woman smiles friendly as Natasha huffs a laugh and nods her head.  “Thank you, ma'am.”  “Oh, please call me Sarah.”  “Alright, Sarah ,” Natasha said while Sarah kept smiling, “Do you know who's gonna interview? - I heard a rumor it was going to be Tony Stark, one of the CEOs himself.”  Sarah rolls her eyes, “Pfft!” She waved her hand dismissively, “Honey, that boy only comes over, only if he has to - Steve Rogers is the one who you're looking for. He'll be the one who's interviewing after auditioning for the judges,” Sarah told Natasha, whose eyes bulged out at the information.  Steve Rogers ?  The model, artist, fashion designer, co-inheritor of R&S, most yearned bachelor, America’s youngest CEO at the moment for being 25 years only, graduate of Har
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
CEO Steve Rogers
Assistant Natasha Romanov
Boss/Assistant - Freeform
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Past Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov Has A Crush
Out of Character Natasha Romanov
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
POV Natasha Romanov
Slow Burn
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

