Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Hallo Everyone,this will probably earn me a massive shit storm, but I have had enough! Ever since posting the second to last chapter or so, I have gotten nothing but comments that I mentioned the letter Harry has written twice! Yes, that's such a massive, huge mistake, that it's apparently all consuming. Never mind that you can read your fellow readers review, or that I have retorted to some of those already, or that I mentioned I would go back and straighten out this story soon anyway. Frankly, it has taken away all enjoyment I once found in writing this fit. You should all realise that this is a hobby and I do the writing on top of studying at university, caring for my grandmother, a house, two dogs and working. It was supposed to be fun and relaxing but it has stopped to do that for me quite some time ago. I am totally uninspired by now, even though I have the outline for about 20 more chapters already written down. Maybe I will post the story once its all tidied up again. Maybe I will never feel like it, I frankly don't know at this point. Suffice to say that I don't want to see it posted or re-posted anywhere else. If this story is online and open to read is not any of your decision. But maybe this can be an inspiration for some of you to sit down and write yourselves, see how it feels to deal with comments often so annoying or frankly stupid that you wonder what's went wrong with the world. Comments that make you question if your readers have actually read the story they are commenting on. Like those questioning me when Thor will finally become Allfather. Or those that say, they can't wait to see Harry finally getting together with Clematis!!! I mean... what the actual f***????  Just as a side notes, I know many fellow authors and they often feel equally frustrated, it's not just me being sensitive. It's just frustrated after putting 10h+ into each single chapters to get such stupid and/or annoyingcomments in return. In this sense, have a nice weekend,
JSG
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Crossover
Mpreg
Marvel Universe
Sub Harry
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

