Work Text:
Field trips are always prime targets for the infamous Parker Luck. Peter can't remember a single one that’s ever gone well. In his short high school career he’s been bitten by a spider, knocked out by his (ex) girlfriends dad, and forced to scale a 555 foot stone pencil.Maybe the universe just has a thing against legally ditching school.Peter’s sitting in Decathlon practice one afternoon- in which his attendance record is much better now, thank you very much- when he notices Mr. Harrison practically vibrating in his seat. The man is trembling like a bottle rocket about to take off through the ceiling, his eyes gleaming with almost manic excitement.Usually, Harrison alternates between only two states: sleep-deprived and anxiously coffee high. This is something completely different, and it’s sending warning bells off in Peter's head.The rest of practice passes uneventfully, despite the abnormal enthusiasm. Peter almost forgets about it entirely until it’s Harrison’s turn to give the closing remarks.“I have an exciting announcement,” He declares, grinning widely at them. Dread tugs at the pit of Peter’s stomach. “As a reward for our win at last year’s Academic Decathlon, we’re allowed to take one educational, school-funded trip. That being said, we were personally invited by Stark Industries to visit Stark Tower next week Friday!”The room explodes as Peter’s teammates begin to chatter excitedly. MJ perks up considerably at the mention of the name Pepper Potts. Abe looks like he’s about to pass out. Flash snickers in Peter’s direction.Ned grabs his best friend’s shoulders and shakes them excitedly.“Can you believe it? Stark Tower, Peter! Stark Tower.” He repeats breathlessly, awestruck. Peter, on the other hand, isn’t so amused.“Ned, what am I going to do?” He groans, burying his face in his hands. “I’m screwed.”“What are you talking about?” Ned stares at his best friend as if he grew a second head. “You intern there pretty much on the daily, what’s the issue?”“That’s the problem! How am I supposed to keep my cover when we visit the tower?” Peter hisses, glancing left and right. “Someone will recognize me, or they’ll find out the internship is fake and then put it together that I wasn’t in the monument in DC and that I’m spiderm-”“Relax, Peter,” Ned waves off his nervous rambling. “You’re basically a Stark Industries intern anyway. You work in Tony Stark’s personal lab, I’m sure you’ll be able to make something up.”Peter groans with frustration and scrubs at his eyes with the palms of his hands. Ned pats his back reassuringly. “Dude, this is gonna be epic.”Peter isn’t quite as sure  “Alright, something is up. What’s bothering you, kid? And don’t try to say it’s nothing,” Tony cuts off Peter’s refute before it even leaves his mouth. “You’ve been on mute all afternoon, and that’s not very Peter Parker-ey at all.”After a few seconds under his suspicious stare, Peter deflates. He groans dramatically and puts his head down on the lab table. A muffled waterfall of words come tumbling out from his slumped form.“My Decathlon team is coming to Stark Tower for a tour next week Friday and now everyone is gonna find out that I don’t really work here and god I’m gonna get so much shit for it and then they’re gonna realize that I’m Spider-Man and my identity will be leaked and people are gonna talk and- ohmygodMr.Starkyouknew?” His head shoots up with a look of betrayal. Tony’s shoulders are shaking with badly concealed laughter.“Kid, I asked Pep to invite you guys.” He says, chuckling as Peter gapes at him with horror. “Is that really what you’ve been worried about?”“Yes,” Peter groans, letting his head thud onto the lab table. The billionaire shakes his head fondly and ruffles the kid’s hair.“And here I was, worrying that you caught some life-threatening disease. Don’t even sweat about the trip. Seriously. I was even planning on using it as an opportunity to legitimize your internship.” Tony mentions casually. His mentee’s head shoots up immediately.“Really? I can be a real intern?”The billionaire rolls his eyes. “I’d say you are one with the amount of time you spend here anyway.” He leans over and gives Peter a shit-eating grin. “And besides, I can actually order you around now. Maybe make you get me some coffee.”The kid wrinkles his nose. “I think you’re confusing intern with assistant.”Tony’s eyes gleam. “Whatever you say, squirt. We’ll see where you are in a couple of months.” All too quickly, the day of the field trip arrives for the Decathlon team. They’re boarded onto bright yellow school buses wearing bright yellow Decathlon jackets to match. Peter sighs and sinks into a lumpy grey bus seat with Ned to his right and MJ a seat in front.His classmates file in around him, conversing excitedly. Anxiety bubbles in the pit of his stomach.Thankfully, the ride there is relatively uneventful. He attempts to shake off the nerves by engaging Ned in a healthy debate over which Star Wars movie is the best: New Hope or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Field Trip
Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
One Shot
Hurt Peter Parker
Pre-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

