Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Today marks the one year anniversary of what has been dubbed the Battle of New York, a few words far too simple for the horror that rained down on us this time last year. There isn’t a person in the city that doesn’t remember the sky opening up and the creatures that poured through, and there isn’t a single one of us who walked away unaffected. Whether we had loved ones among the rubble or–.”“Change the channel please.”“Yes sir.”“…All across the country and all across the world, millions have gathered to mourn the loss of those who perished in the Battle of New York. The day lives in infamy not just as one of the biggest single attack against the United States, but also as the day that many of us realized that not only are we not alone in the universe, but that we are hopelessly outmatched should those others decide to pay a visit…”“Change the channel.”“Yes sir.”“… a year since the Chitauri invasion and the government is still maintaining their tight lipped silence, denying answers to a nation and a world desperately needing explanations for what happened. There has been no sign of the team called Avengers, at least not all together and lately neither billionaire Tony Stark nor his alter ego super hero Iron Man have been seen out and about. One has to wonder when the general populace is still struggling with post traumatic stress and nightmares, how much worse is it for those who actually fought the …”“JARVIS!”“Perhaps some jazz, sir.”The channel changed for the third time in just a few moments and only after the first bluesy piano riff came over the speakers did Tony finally relax, the paintbrush falling from his hand as he ran his fingers through his hair and sighed.He knew it was a year since the battle, of course he did. People just didn’t forget things like how shockingly heavy a nuclear bomb or how cold space was or the noise the Chitauri had made. He wasn’t going to forget his suit shutting down or falling like dead weight through the sky or waking up in the fucking nineteen forties either.Tony didn’t need to be reminded that this had been the hardest year of his entire life, that somehow it had only been a year and so much had happened, and hearing it again from every single news channel all day long was only making him anxious.“Call Spangles please.” he requested and the music moved to the background, JARVIS dialing Steve’s number immediately, the phone only ringing once before it picked up.“Tony?” Steve sounded like he was talking over the wind. “Hey sweetheart! I was just going to call you and tell you I was home!”“Well it’s about damn time you got back from your little jaunt around the globe.” Tony leaned his head back against the wall and smiled. “How are you?”“Well shucks, I’m sure doing better the longer we talk.” Steve was grinning, Tony could hear it through the phone and that combined with the goofy speech made him smile more even as Steve sobered up to say, “How are you doing, though? I saw all the special reports on the news about New York. Wish I could have been here so you didn’t have to listen to it all alone. I know it isn’t easy.”“Yeah, surprisingly enough it’s sort of shitty to watch yourself fall from a wormhole over and over and over on every available news channel.” Tony picked idly at a sliver in his thumb. “You look great in the footage though. I’m banged half to hell and look like I woke up in a dumpster, which to be fair? I did like seventy years earlier. But somehow you and Thor look gorgeous. Is that a blonde thing or just a ‘I’m sort of immortal’ thing? Do you guys not know what a bad camera angle is?”“You’re deflecting.” Steve said easily. “Sure I look great wearing that ridiculous costume and hefting something big and–” he coughed. “–thick in my hand–” Tony nearly choked, wheezing out a surprised laugh. “– but you’re deflecting. Tell me how you’re doing with all the footage of New York.”“…better than I thought I would.” Tony admitted. “It’s not easy hearing about it or seeing it on repeat, but really all it did was made me miss you. Made me miss Bucky.”“Yeah.” the noise behind Steve cut off abruptly as he most likely stepped into the elevator. “Yeah, I know the feeling. I’ve been thinking about him a lot today too. Not just cos I’m looking for him, just some of the other memories.”“Right.” Tony chewed at his lip for a few seconds so his voice wouldn’t shake when he spoke again. “So you’re home?”‘“Home and ready to see you.” Steve confirmed. “Come upstairs and find me, we’re weeks overdue for a good kiss.”“I’m actually up at the cabin.” Tony glanced around the loft bedroom, then down at the bed frame he’d been staining. “But I brought the helicopter so I can be home in an hour. Take a shower and wait for me.”“What do you mean take a shower? I’ll have you know that not only do I always look great on camera, but that I am always minty fresh.”“First off, you’re ridiculous.” Tony informed him. “And second, I knew you both before and after the seru
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Time Travel AU
book three
Stony - Freeform
Developing Winteriron
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Heavy Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Developing Relationship
falling back in love
Slow Burn
For Winteriron
Relationship Negotiations
Not Movie Compliant after First Few Chapters
The Accords
bucky barnes pov
steve and bucky on the run
Tony Fighting to Get The Accords Overturned
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Aunt Peggy Carter
Goodbye Peggy
Mild Sexual Content
Healing
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Asexual Bucky Barnes
Polyamory
taking pictures
Sweet
Fluff and Humor
Domestic Bliss
Living Together
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

