Work Text:
When Bucky wakes up, he’s in a hospital—an honest-to-god hospital, not a tent on the front—and Lieutenant Colonel Jack Fury is standing by his bed. He tries to sit up and salute but is instead met with a shooting pain down his shoulder, radiating to his arm. He lies back down and tries to blink the moisture away from his eyes. “Colonel,” he greets the officer with a grimace.“You look like shit, Sergeant.”Bucky wants to laugh but his head hurts too much. “I feel like shit, sir,” he says, taking a deep breath. “What happened?”“You were ambushed. Your vehicle was overturned. Broke your collarbone and sprained a few other things. You’re lucky to be alive,” the Colonel says, pulling up a chair by Bucky’s bed and taking a seat.Bucky offers him a tight lipped smile and an eyebrow raise. “So this is what luck feels like?”The Colonel ignores him and continues. “You’re headed into surgery again in two hours and even then it’ll still be months before you’re better. Until then you’re useless to me as a sniper.”Bucky sighs, closing his eyes as his head falls back on his pillow. “Great,” he says sarcastically. Desk job it was, then. He’d go crazy with boredom before the year’s end.Colonel Fury doesn’t seem to notice or care about his crisis because he keeps going. “So how about I give you an honorable discharge and hand you over to the reserve until you’re feeling better?”Bucky cracks one eye open and if he didn’t know better, he’d say that was a hint of a smile on the Colonel’s face. 
 The guys are all humming “Beyond the Sea” as the ship approaches the docks, giving Bucky a hard time because he’s the only one with a gal waiting for him. “She’s not my—” he tries to tell them for the fifth time, but they’re still laughing when he turns around so he doesn’t even bother this time. None of them have ever been friends with a dame before in their lives without expecting something from her.Still, his foot is tapping impatiently and he’s biting his lip nervously as the ship comes to a stop at the dock and they all wait to be let off. Bucky’s been overseas for almost two years now—a lot could’ve changed since he last saw Stevie. She could have a fella by now. She might not even be here to greet Bucky and welcome him home.Bucky scoffs at the idea. Fella or not, Stevie’s his best friend and she wouldn’t leave him hanging at the docks after being at war for two years. When they finally disembark the other guys disperse, some stopping to meet the crowds of friends and family waiting for them and others walking on to catch a train. Bucky looks around the docks for a familiar face and sees it toward the back, behind all the other crowds.Stevie doesn’t look much different from when he last saw her two years ago, standing under an umbrella in her blue sundress and sweater to keep from getting wet. Her blonde hair is styled a little different and maybe shorter than he remembers, but her smile is the same—wide and honest and genuinely happy to see him. He picks up his pace, trying to get to her faster while also trying not to seem too eager or jostle his arm in the sling too much.When Bucky finally reaches Stevie she wraps her free arm around his neck and he wraps his good arm around her waist and he kisses her just like he did the night before he left, lifting her tiny frame with one arm and twirling. She laughs, breaking her mouth away from his and swatting at him good-naturedly. “Will you quit it, Buck?” she says, still laughing, and he complies, setting her back down.He’s got butterflies in his stomach as he looks down at her, a stupid grin on his face. God, he missed her. “I gotta tell you somethin’,” he says, trying to will his nerves away. She raises her eyebrows to show she’s paying attention and he takes a deep breath.“See, the thing is, I was thinking, and maybe…” he pauses, looking her over more closely. There is something different about her and he’s embarrassed at how long it takes him to realize. “Stevie, is this—” he begins, reaching out to touch her stomach, rounder where it used to be flat.Stevie’s face sobers immediately as she looks down at her feet and shakes her head, swatting Bucky’s hand away before grabbing it and pulling him away from the docks, Bucky trailing behind her with a million questions and a heavy heart. 
  Some people might call Bucky and Stevie’s friendship weird, and they might be right. It wasn’t often you saw a guy and gal as close as they were who weren’t sweethearts, or fucking at the very least.Stevie and Bucky grew up at the same orphanage, is the thing. A year older, Stevie had an overdeveloped sense of justice and zero tolerance for bullies that always got her into scrapes with other kids. The nuns got her with the ruler every time, telling Stevie that her behavior wasn’t ladylike and that if she ever wanted to get adopted she best learn to calm down, but it never stopped her.Between her behavior and her asthma, Stevie pretty much knew she wasn’t getting adopted. She had an attack ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
1940s
Female Steve Rogers
World War II
Fake Marriage
Pregnancy
Kid Fic
(baby fic??)
Pining
Fluff
DIABETES AND CAVITY INDUCING FLUFF
Angst
D/s
Nursing Kink
Breast Fucking
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Bucky feels guilty about his kinks
Stevie gives him what he needs
Dom/sub

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

