Chapter 1



Notes:
endgame: i—me: no.




Chapter Text
Thanos drops Tony.That’s how it happens. He just loses the Titan’s interest and Tony is unceremoniously thrown to the ground, like discarded rubbish. He scrapes his palms against the red planet, wrists burning briefly, and huffs at it like he’s not bleeding out from a stomach wound that he struggles to cauterise. Peter is by his side, helping him up, as Tony tries not to choke on his own blood, dirt in his mouth.“Where’d he go?” someone says, through the blood thundering in his ears.But it’s Peter’s harsh breath that takes his attention. “Mr Stark?”The kid is turning to ash in his very hands and Tony stares at this horror, knows that he will see it for a thousand years over and over again. Peter’s face is creased in pain and horror, his eyes wide with fear.“You’re alright,” Tony says quickly, trying to will his words into existence.
Please be alright—
Then Peter falls into his arms and Tony finds himself sinking to the ground, a breathless prayer burning within his chest, hotter than the arc reactor could ever be. Peter’s growing lighter in his arms, and all Tony can think about is the fucking ash—ash and dust, cinders blowing in the wind—
Mantis said something was happening—
“I—I don’t know what’s happening,” Peter stumbles out, his eyes wide with terror, and neither does he. Tony has never felt so helpless and clueless, but fuck, the kid shouldn’t know fear like this. Realisation begins to dawn on his face, his fingers trembling where Tony has gripped them. “Mr Stark, I don’t want to go, I don’t—,”No, no, the universe wouldn’t be so cruel. But Tony knows it. He knows the strength of the awfulness within the universe, has felt its sharp sting more than once. The arc reactor burning in his chest is only one of the reminders that life isn’t fucking fair. That you might not want to go, but death will drag you by the heels, screaming and kicking.But this is Peter, this is Peter Parker, and he doesn’t deserve this, Tony wants to scream.There is Peter, and then there is nothing.Tony stumbles forward helplessly, his hands reaching out desperately as ash fills the air and he almost chokes, stumbling to his knees. His heart has ripped itself in two, wrenching apart and leaving him scrambling in his grief like a mad, sick thing. He’s on his knees, begging and choking as he scrabbles desperately for Peter. Where is the kid? What the fuck is happening?“Thanos,” the blue alien says mutely. “He did it.”It’s the end of everything that has plagued him since New York, since he burst through that wormhole and saw things that would fuel his nightmares for a lifetime. Panic attacks, the PTSD, the trauma that left him cold and shaking. Things that he had tried to tell everyone about, over and over again, until they had gotten sick of him and left him dying in a Siberian bunker.But Tony would take it all back, in a heartbeat, if it means Peter will be back.And then, Tony realises to himself slowly, that Peter was the only exception.Peter had managed to chink the armour of Tony Stark in a way that not even Pepper could. He rocks back and forth, alone on that distant planet Thanos once called home, the ashes of what was once Peter Parker left in his fingers. He was supposed to protect the kid. He was supposed to have the answer, like Peter always thinks he does, but now the kid’s gone, gone, gone—The blue alien is on her knees, choking on something, murmuring Gamora’s name like a breathless prayer, as Tony grieves. He is quiet, as he has always been in his grief, as he has always been taught, since the morning he first heard of that fatal car crash and the press swooped in like vultures. Obadiah had given him those sunglasses to stop them seeing his true face.But here, there is nobody to see him.There is no Peter.Here, Tony cries and cries, unwilling to move from where Peter had been, as though his tears could bring the kid back, as the blue alien’s distraught howls ring through the universe...They have to get back to Earth, he thinks numbly.It’s the problem-solving part of his brain that says this, the sensible part that had been driven to the ground by the ex-Avengers. He takes care of everything, cleans up everyone’s messes. Well, not since Captain America thrust his father’s shield into his chest and left him for dead in a freezing bunker, in a broken suit. Even the reminder makes him flinch briefly, but it’s a scene from another Tony Stark that seems a faded thing to him now.It’s the life of a man who seems blissfully happy in comparison to him now, in spite of all the panic attacks, the recurring PTSD, the bad dreams. Tony would do anything to have it all again, because it would mean he’d be in a world where Peter Parker was still alive.He knows he has to get back to Earth. He has to sort this mess out. He has to clean things up. Tony thinks first that he can’t, that he simply can’t physically do anything. It takes him a few moments to realise that he just doesn’t want 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Angst
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark Friendship
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War Fix-It
Fix-It
Canon Rewrite
Happy Ending
Team as Family
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
POV Multiple
Bruce & Hulk Interaction
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Friendship
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mental Health Issues
Canon-Typical Violence
Infinity Gems
Suicide Attempt
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
BAMF Hela (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

