Chapter 1: Long Way From Shore
    




Chapter Text
 
"We won.”

 

“We won.”

 

“Please...”

 
Peter swallowed the pill that was forced into his hand. 
“It’s anxiety, PTSD…Mrs. Parker, your nephew is struggling. He needs help.”

 
The handful had come and had been swallowed dry and Peter had woken up with needles in his arms, and Doctor Strange’s hands on his face. Peter had vomited for two days straight. Peter had almost drowned in it, in what had opened its arms to him, in a face that lost all light. Peter had – he had – he had…Stopped existing, for just a moment. His own doing. But Doctor Strange had put a stop to it, had rescued him. Only to trade him off to a new cell full of different types of monsters. Memories of weekends, of having his own room, of being his own person. Of living, and living, and being happy. Peter remembered it…and then remembered nothing. “You know,” His psychiatrist, the one that came to the Compound (his prison, because his aunt couldn’t be home all the time…the Avengers felt this weird obligation – ), “Yesterday you took it, no problem, what was different about today?” Peter bit the inside of his lip. The difference…Was in the folds of the sky, the colors, and the way things looked…generally speaking. The difference was in something else entirely, and Peter gripped the arm rests below his fingers, the fabric threatened to give way under his hands, they were alone in the room. She scared him, because sometimes she told Aunt May stuff. He didn’t know what stuff, but…just stuff. Things to keep an eye on. Barnes and Wilson had been following him, after that one Thursday, the bad one, right after he had been allowed to get out of bed. When the doctors had decided his body was recovered enough from the pills, Aunt May’s pills, that he had taken. God, she had cried. She had said she was sorry. Peter averted his eyes. “It’s sunny today,” Peter was bouncing his leg, he wouldn’t be when the meds kicked in, “It makes things dull, and tired, and I wanted – I just wanted today to be sunny.” Doctor Purple (it wasn’t really purple, Peter called her that, it was Puddle, but Purple sounded better) sighed. “You can’t skip a day, you know that with these meds comes a routine and – “ “I know,” Peter interrupted, “It’s all…pharmaceutical. Science, I like chemistry. If you guys would let me go back to school, maybe I could actually enjoy it again, you know? That homebound teacher doesn’t know anything, she doesn’t know shit – “ Doctor Purple interrupted, “Peter.” “Crap,” He corrected, “Comment still stands. She doesn’t know how to do chemistry, and that was my science for this year. I might not get to graduate on time…Because I was in the hospital for so long. No one trusts me. Aunt May won’t let me leave the Compound because of your suggestions.” Doctor Purple raised an eyebrow… “Do you think our suggestions are wrong?” Peter ground his teeth. She continued, “Do you think what you did…Do you think your aunt shouldn’t be worried about you?” “Don’t do that,” Peter croaked, “That was three months ago. We had – we had only been back home a week…And there was the funeral, and I was dying. I was dying, you don’t understand what he was. You don’t…” His voice broke off. The poetics of it…Peter died in his arms, and was it supposed to come back? Wasn’t it…well, the older died first. But this wasn’t fair. Peter looked away, he would have – no that thought was wrong, it was what led him there in the first place. But that first week had been so bad. And the sleeping pills had been right there. He hadn’t been thinking, he knew now it had been stupid. It had been an impulsive mistake that had cost him his freedom and his aunt’s peace of mind. Now they were all drowning in this never-ending sea of recovery. Recovery. Recovery. That was all he heard anymore. He could have gagged on it. Vomited it up. Doctor Strange having them pump his stomach, just like that, Doctor Strange making him vomit into the basin thing, plastic still smelled like death to him. Peter wondered still, how he had known. Doctor Purple said, “I do understand. And I understand that you are still in need of a stress-free environment and being here…Upstate at the Compound with access to these facilities is better for you. There’s fresh air, there’s a modified school schedule, there’re the dogs Miss Potts has the shelter bring by for you every once in a while.” “Oh therapy dogs make it all better,” Peter whispered, blinking. “Would you prefer Miss Potts not do that? Or maybe not send her weekly updates on herself and Morgan?” Peter inhaled, “Why’re you putting words in my mouth? I love them…And I like my updates. Morgan…you know, she already knows her time tables and she’s only five? She’s…she’s awesome, and I…But you know if I could actually leave to go visit, that’d be better. But I can’t leave without permission, and you’ve got Mister Barnes following me around. That’s not his job, Doctor Purple. His job is to be a hero, not a babysitter.” “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Suicide Attempt
Aftermath of Suicide Attempt
Endgame Fix-It
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Alternate reality travel

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

