Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony never intended to 

bond

 with Natasha. Sure as fuck no after the whole “Rushman” experience, though admittedly her playing at much more neutral than she is didn’t phase him nearly as much as the rest of the lies. Playing with people’s expectation of dynamic is pretty much his entire ballgame, when it comes to social interaction. And that freaks others out, once they catch onto it, so they have a weird sort of something in common with their mutual comfort around behaviors that most people find alien and unsettling. 

Personally, Tony would point out to anyone who cares to actually ask that he never 

lies

 about his dynamic. He just doesn’t talk about it, ever, and if they want to deduce from his behaviors it’s not his problem. He can play the alpha when he wants, submissive at other times. Most people believe they can just 

tell

 how much power someone’s holding at a given moment, but that’s not really true, not unless you get close or explicitly test them on it. And of course, people who 

don’t

 do power exchange are seen as myths, mostly, and as unhealthy and isolated if they’re real. Fortunately, SHIELD is pretty much founded on unhealthy and isolated, so he’s in good company these days. 

Some of the girls and one of the guys Tony took power from back in the day have given salacious interviews, one of them a tell-all book. But the media tends to focus on his eccentric behavior and lack of any real nurturing characteristics and assume that if he 

is

 an alpha-type, there’s something wrong with him. Natasha, on the other hand, 

does

 have something wrong with her, something that’s been wrong for decades, but it’s clear to Tony that she’s settled whatever demons she has from the Red Room at least as much as she’s going to, and when anyone dares to comment on how she seems kind of… 

cold

, for an alpha, she just gives them her most cutting smile to feed the psychopathy rumors. He likes her style.

Rogers, on the other hand…

Seriously, that man needs to find someone to top, pronto, or Tony’s going to hire him a sex worker before the puppy eyes send the entire tower into a bout of depression. Cap never says anything about it, but the sadness lingers on him like a bad smell. After New York, the purpose that all that chaos gave him, the man seems to have realized again that he’s alone in a new century without a whole unit of men submissive to him, and worse still, it’s not wearing off. Bruce says it’s the serum—that the normal rate of recovery to baseline levels of power after a relationship with a releasing partner ends is significantly slowed in Steve’s case, and it doesn’t help that he’d started at such an intense level during the war. It might take years.

Tony teases him about it, sometimes, when he seems to be in a mentally stable mood, but in truth it’s pretty obvious that Cap’s exactly what you’d expect from a high-level alpha. He revels in providing for others, in generosity. He’s got a strong nurturing streak even with those he’s 

not

 taking power from, and Tony can see why he had the capacity to take care of five, six submissive partners at a time. That kind of magnetic field around him would be enough to draw even the most dominant personalities—and in truth, that’s why Tony can’t stop fueling this weird love-hate friendship the two of them have established. It keeps Tony on his toes, safe from being drawn in by that same charisma that had fucked him over with Obadiah. The truth he’ll never tell the media is that while he doesn’t think he has the ability to care properly for a submissive partner after Afghanistan, he’s even less inclined to give his power to someone else after Obadiah Stane. Nothing good could possibly come of that.

~*~


Some time later…


“Stark. Pancakes or bacon and eggs?”

Tony blinks a little blearily at the man standing by the common stove, and takes another large gulp from his mug. Sam Wilson is way too cheerful for nine in the morning.

“What is this ‘or’ of which you speak?” he manages, and Sam laughs and shakes his head. 

“Have a seat. Food’s up in a sec.”

“All right.” Tony refills his coffee from the big pot on the counter and then slides onto a barstool at the island next to Barton. “Any news from our Brooklyn wonder twins yet?”

“Steve says Barnes is doing better,” Natasha answers. “Not up for company yet, but less… that.” She waves a hand vaguely, and Tony makes a face. Two months after the Triskellion and the helicarriers, James Barnes had shown up at the Tower to turn himself in to Steve—and only to Steve. Now it’s been three days, and neither of them have emerged from Steve’s floor to report, but Tony’s not exactly surprised with the condition the Winter Soldier had been in. Beyond the mental programming, they’d uncovered some pretty fucked up files on the way HYDRA turned Bucky into the Super Alpha with the Super Creepy blank stare, not unlike what had been done to Natasha to leave her permanently alpha. 

But i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Worldbuilding
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Switching
Dom/sub
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Kink Negotiation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

