Chapter 1: you're going to die in your best friend's arms
    


Notes:
Now, we have a banner for the fic courtesy of the lovely kocuria!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text





Bucky knew.It’s all Steve can think of as he enters the last of the coordinates, even though his mind should be on the greater picture; practicalities, secrecy, world peace maybe. The stones have been returned safely, stealthily enough that he probably hasn’t spawned another parallel universe, not like he’s about to. He’s on his last vial of Pym Particles, the one that’s supposed to get him home. He thought of getting more, again, but didn’t. Wouldn’t. Couldn’t, soon enough.His hands don’t shake, but he feels like they should.He doesn’t know what he’s doing. He’s a soldier, a strategist, but not a scientist, and he understands the way this works, but not the how of it. He should go back, to Bruce and Sam and Bucky, the first two unaware and trusting, the latter anything but unaware and more resigned than trusting.Gonna miss you, Bucky said, and he wouldn’t lie, not to Steve, not on this, but he didn’t stop him. Didn’t ask to come along either.As good an answer as any, maybe even permission, Steve wants to think, but the justification echoes flatly in his own skull.It doesn’t stop him. - Steve’s not there to see him hit the ground, but Bucky’s warm when he gets there, torn arm bleeding like it’ll bleed this boy dry.And Bucky does look like a boy, young and pained, though Steve knows he’s anything but. The Russians may have broken Bucky, but the cracks were there long before they got their hands on him. Steve knows the shape of them, has echoes in his own skull, but his demons don’t peer at him from the wrong end of a rifle scope.Bucky’s unconscious, and Steve hopes to the god he abandoned years ago that he was out before he hit the rocks that ripped his flesh away. He stirs when Steve hurriedly ties a tourniquet and dresses the wound. He has some supplies, pilfered from another past, but nothing good enough to fix a severed limb.He does have a plan.Man with a plan, he thinks, half-hysterically.It would be smarter to leave Bucky there and hide somewhere with decent sightlines, wait for the Russians, but–Bucky looks so small and lost, pale and bloody and breathing in ragged whimpers heavy with the pain he’s thankfully not aware enough to truly feel. Steve’s still dressed in his Captain America suit under the quantum suit; the only warmth he has to share is that of his body.His teeth chatters as his gathers Bucky in his arms; he hasn’t liked the cold since he brought the Valkyrie down, but he can handle it.Bucky loathes the cold. Loathed? His future has become his past, and Steve’s starkly aware that it will remain there. Maybe it’s not so bad, to leave behind a time when both Bucky’s and Peggy’s eyes fell upon him so many times to only see a stranger. He can’t quite convince himself of that, but he could bring himself to stay even less, and that’s what decided him, in the end.It's selfish. Steve’s not denying that. This isn’t moving on, this is–He hears them, body reacting before his mind can catch up. He’s gentle with Bucky, but it still hurts to leave him alone in the cold. He does it anyway, has to, and uses tricks Natasha taught him to hide his footprints in the snow. Every second that passes until the Russians come into view prickle on his skin like the rough bark of the tree he’s half-hidden behind.There are four of them, armored and armed. They’re wary but focused on the man bleeding out on the ground. Steve kills three before they can get so much as a shot off. The fourth, he chokes out.He uses the dead men’s clothing to create another layer of warmth for Bucky. He strips the live one, takes most of his weapons, and leaves him naked from waist-up with strips of his undershirt tying his limbs. He’ll die of exposure if Steve leaves him, but Steve doesn’t intend to let him live that long. He melts snow and smears it over the man’s face to wake him. He’s not kind about it. He’s not cruel either, but the long knife in his hand, appropriated from the man himself, says enough about the transience of that state of affairs.He remembers that he flinched the first time he saw someone tortured. Couldn’t stand it, the way he couldn’t stomach most necessary evils. In the end, he never liked it and never wanted to, but he sure as hell got used to it.War’s a ruthless mistress.The man wakes up and his eyes grow huge as they focus on the star on Steve’s chest. They get impossibly wider when they see the knife in his hand. He starts blabbering, threats mostly.Steve’s Russian isn’t fluent, but he gets by. Learned after he found Bucky; memorized phrases first. I’m sorry. Please come back. I won’t hurt you. You’re safe. Come home. Took online courses to get the basics. Natasha taught him later, those years on the run. She taught him a lot, and sometimes, he can’t quite believe that she never will,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Time Travel
Fix-It of Sorts
Canon-Typical Violence
Developing Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Stealth Pining
Time Skips
Canon Disabled Character
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Resolved Sexual Tension
Miscommunication
Background Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli/Daniel Sousa
Bisexual Peggy Carter
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Communication
Ableism
Canonical Character Death
Explicit Sexual Content
Possessiveness
Heavy Spoilers in the Bookmarks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

