Chapter 1: Betrayal and Starting Anew
    




Chapter Text
   He wasn't sure how long he stood there staring at the spot where the man who had tormented him throughout his life had been. It was over, finally he could be free to live his life by his own standards. Blinking Harry looked around at the chaos that surrounded him, the noise from the survivors finally making it's way to his awareness. There was so much rubble and debris scattered all around the grounds of Hogwarts that the school was hardly recognizable to the once magnificent castle it once was.     Bodies were strewn everywhere he looked, and Harry couldn't help the pang in his heart as he thought of the lives lost and the families that remained behind. It didn't matter to him weather the life lost belonged to a Death Eater or an Order Member, a death was a death no matter who it was. However when he caught sight of the students that fought beside him, he couldn't help the tears that ran freely down his face. They were so young, much too young to lose their life in such a way. Blinking back the tears that continued to fall down his cheeks he turned from the lifeless body of Tom Riddle and walked toward the remains of the castle. He really needed his family and friends, he needed to see if they were all ok.   Harry was halfway to the stairs leading to the doors that somehow were still standing, when the twins grabbed him by the arms and pulled him to the side. Harry blinked up at their faces that used to be identical, now it was too easy to tell them apart. Glancing at the vacant space George's ear used to be Harry couldn't help but wince knowing that it was all his fault. If the Weasley's hadn’t welcomed him into their lives George would still have his ear, Percy would have never left the family the way he did and Bill wouldn’t be scarred forever by a werewolf and have to live his life with the angry and scared looks he would receive because of the wolf traits the man would now have. Lowering his head Harry blinked back the fresh torrent of tears that wanted to fall. He couldn’t break down, not now, not in front of the twins.    Harry was startled out of his self loathing by a gentle hand tilting his head up to look into the bright blue eyes of Fred Weasley. “Stop what you’re thinking Harry. It’s not your fault, none of this is your fault.” Nodding George stepped forward and slipped his arm around Harry’s shoulders, squeezing him close to his chest. “Fred is right, we don’t blame you for anything, and neither does the rest of the family.”    Harry couldn’t help the choked sob that slipped from his throat as he clung to George. The arms that slipped around him from the back had his tears falling again, running is torrents down his cheeks. He clung to the twins as it became harder to breathe, gasping as he tried to fill his aching lungs with oxygen. After a few minutes he became aware of the hands rubbing against him a soothing motion, George rubbing circles on his back and Fred running soft hands through his hair. Breathing deeply to calm himself Harry mumbled out a quiet ‘Thank You’ and pulled back from the twins, gifting them with a small thankful smile. Both redheads returned the smile and waved off his thanks, “It’s what you do-” Fred started, “-for family” both twins finished. Harry nodded, thankful for the support the two were handing out, even though he felt he didn’t deserve it but he wasn’t going to complain.     Harry started to turn back to walk into the school but his arm was grabbed again to keep him from moving. He turned back opening his mouth to question the twins only to stop short at the look in their eyes. He had never seen the twins with such a serious look, even when helping him escape from the Dursleys over the summer did they have such a look. Harry soon realized that he wasn’t going to like whatever they had to say. “What’s wrong?” Harry’s nerves shot even higher when the two glanced at each other and seemed to have an entire conversation in the span of a second.  “The other day some of the Order came to talk with Mum and Dad about what was going to happen after the final battle and you survived”, Fred said quietly. “We overheard them talking to our parents about how a source close to you told them that it was possible when you defeat the Dark Lord that you would absorb some or all of his power-”. George took over for his brother when he made a pained noise and grasped Harry’s arm, “-and that it could drive you insane or push you into becoming the next Dark Lord.”    Harry’s eyes widened in shock as he processed the statement only to shake his head in disbelief, “What did Molly say?” Fred tightened his grip on Harry and looked at him sharply, “What do you think she said? She in no polite terms told them to get the fuck out of the house and to take their nonsense elsewhere.” George nodded along as his brother spoke and started speaking as soon as he was done, “She warned us to get to you first and to get you out of here whi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Harry Potter
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Harry Potter
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

