Chapter 1



Notes:
SPOILERS FOR AVENGERS: ENDGAME! PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK! :) Like guys, I'm not kidding, you will know things.Thank you guys for trying this! Hopefully we can find healing in this together. :)Disclaimer: I own nothing!Rated for: Some violence, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, some gore/possible injuries, mentions of past torture, mentions of Odin's A+ (sarcastically) parenting, depressive thoughts, and paranoia on my part. If further warnings are needed, they'll be posted at the top of the chapters. :) No slash, no smut, no non-con, no incest—nothing else inappropriate. Language is all K.Pairings: Pepper/Tony, Clint/Laura, Gamora/Peter Quill, and some Thor/Jane (my OTP shall live on, okay! =D) For your information, this story is cross-posted on Fanfiction.Net under the pen name of "LodestarJumper"Just a personal note, if you could refrain from using cussing/strong language if you comment (no offense to how you speak! Promise! =) It just makes me uncomfortable) I would greatly appreciate that. ;)For the record, I do not think that Thor would collapse and shut down inward, not outward. :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 "I know I let you down, didn't I?"-Imagine Dragons "I Bet My Life" 
 
Chapter One:
The head.He was supposed to go for the head. (Why on Helheim did he—?) It would fix everything. Vengeance for Loki would be met, his dead soldiers could sleep in peace. It would solve all the problems. That was that. Simple. If he'd just had bloody better aim, he would have fixed it right at the beginning of this mess, at the start with Wakanda and Thanos's stupid snap and his awful aim.Stormbreaker is not Mjolnir.Thor has been using a blunted weapon for years before got the stupid axe. If he'd had Mjolnir (if Hela hadn't destroyed it along with the beginning of everything else) then he would have gone for the head. Bashed Thanos's ugly purple skull in and not felt a hint of guilt. Thanos killed his brother. Thanos killed his—Why did he want to make Thanos suffer? To make him feel his death like Thanos had made him feel his? (Yes. He's breathing. His heart beats, but everything alive in him died when Loki's neck sna—why does he have to keep thinking of that Norn's twice cursed word?).Everything is numb.It hurts.How can he hurt and feel nothing?Steve drags him away from the stupid spot that Thanos disappeared from, and tries to talk to him, but Thor doesn't hear a word of it. His eye is twitching. Not his normal eye. The one that Hela took. Does he need the clarification? He only has one eye. Oh, Norns, he as one eye and his planet is destroyed, and Brunnhilde took point and fled with everyone else, and Heimdall, and Loki is dead—He feels sick.
Failed. Failed. Failed. Failed. Failed—
He throws up all over the forest floor, digs his fist into Stormbreaker's handle, and screams. A long guttural howl from somewhere hollow inside him. Somewhere that is still sharp with the sting of failure, and not numb with the realization of how much he's lost. (Lose. What more can I lose. Lose. Lose. Lose. Lose. Lose. Loki. Lose. Loki)."Thor," it's Steve's voice, but Thor isn't focused on him. He knows that the captain is trying to calm him, but he can't pay attention to it. All he can hear is his ragged screams.The head.He was supposed to go for the head.He has fought enemies for hundreds of years, and he didn't go for the bloody head. The vendetta didn't matter that much. He's the reason that trillions are now dead, he's the reason that they've lost so much, (Loki died for him. Loki—).His voice gives out before the anxiety and sickness in him do.Everything just feels so wretchedly wrong.Steve swears sharply, and he can hear Natasha's voice now (and can't you just get it together? They don't need to comfort you, you—). She's speaking just as rapidly, and Steve says something about shock before her hand slams against his face. His head whips to the left, and he bites at his tongue to withhold the surprised cry that threatens to escape him.His hearing returns with full force, and he blinks several times (stupid eye, it's rubbing against the back of his skull, and Thor prefers the stupid eye-patch over this cursed thing) before he can see the assassin properly. Her lips are pressed together with aggravation and concern, but her eyes are settled against him.Steve is watching him, too, and Rhodes.Thor bites at his tongue sharply, suddenly aware how stupid he's being. (The head, he was supposed to go for the stupid head, and he didn't—)"Thor," Steve says the word quietly, softly, as if Thor is something fragile.Thor's fingers fist.He wants to hit something.No, he wants to kill something.Thanos. Took. Everything.He wants to rip Thanos's heart (if he has one) from his chest and squeeze. Make him bleed out slowly, make him bleed because—stop. No. He doesn't want to think about that. Stop—(He popped Loki's blood vessels. His little brother. Blood was pooling in his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Thor & Avengers Team
Avengers as family - Relationship

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fix-It of Sorts
Angst
Dysfunctional Family
Whump
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Torture
Depressive Thoughts
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Everyone Has Issues
Friendship
Canon-Typical Violence
Redemption
thor whump
Loki is a mess with capital "M"
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Protectiveness
Team as Family
Sort Of
they get better at it as time goes on
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Time Travel
Minor Injuries
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Protective Avengers
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Anxiety Attacks
sickfic kind of
Muteness
Anxiety
selective mutism
Permanent Injury

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Thor & Avengers Team
Avengers as family - Relationship

