Work Text:
Bucky felt Steve shift behind him before he felt the kiss against the back of his neck. The bristles of Steve’s beard scratched his skin, but they didn’t move any lower. He snaked a hand around Bucky’s front and ran it over his stomach. Steve’s movements were slow and lazy, perfect Sunday morning sleepy affection. Bucky smiled and sighed happily. His back was sore from the lashing he’d received a couple days ago. Much to his surprise, Bucky found that there actually was some measure of truth to what people said about submission being a kind of escape. His anxiety was relentless, lately. He had one month left before a decision would be made about whether he’d stay on with Stark Industries permanently. On Friday night, Bucky was so wound up that Steve had tied him to the bed and gone to town on his ass and back. For the ass, Steve had used a belt. For the back, Steve had chosen a flogger. It hurt. It burned and Bucky had cried and yelled until his ass and back were covered in welts and bruises. And then Steve had come around, wrapped a hand around Bucky’s cock and whispered sweet praise until Bucky came and it was the most intensely satisfying experience Bucky had ever had. The fact that the welts and bruises took a couple days to clear up made Bucky feel a little proud. Just like the hickeys Steve left on his body, he saw them as trophies, of a sort. There was a certain comfort and thrill in knowing that Steve had left marks on him.Behind him, Steve hummed as he kissed Bucky’s neck and shoulders softly. His hands wandered over the expanse of Bucky’s body. They never wandered over any erogenous zones, but they felt good nonetheless. “Morning, Daddy,” Bucky sighed. He felt Steve smile against the crook in his neck as he sucked gently on the skin there. Bucky gave a soft, breathy moan at the feeling.” “Morning, baby,” Steve replied. “Got any plans for today?” “This feels nice,” Bucky replied. “Been thinkin’ of getting my hair cut, though.” “Really?” Steve asked. He moved Bucky onto his back and started kissing his collarbone. “Why’s that?” “I’ve had this for a while,” Bucky said. “Sorta getting tired of the maintenance, you know? Want something different.” “How much you thinkin’ of gettin’ rid of?” Steve asked. Bucky wrapped his arms around Steve’s body as Steve’s caged him in, making him feel safe and secure and loved. He ran them across the smooth, muscled plains of Steve’s back as he considered the question. “I’m thinkin’ a lot,” Bucky replied. “Like, short. Might shave, too.” Steve grinned. “You wanna look all cute and innocent for Daddy, baby?” he asked. “Never seen you clean shaven before.” Bucky grinned and his hands wandered down to rest just above the curve of Steve’s ass. He felt Steve growl softly against him as he sucked on Bucky’s clavicle. “You can only take my virginity once, you know,” he said. Steve chuckled against him. “Ever heard of role playing?” he asked. “I can take it any times I feels like it, doll.” Bucky arched against Steve’s body. “Fuck,” he murmured. “Maybe later,” Steve said. “Just wanna love on ya a bit for now.” “Sounds nice to me,” Bucky replied. Steve hummed in thought. “Could take a razor elsewhere, you know,” he mused. “Could shave your whole body, have it all nice and smooth for me.” Bucky’s breath hitched and his cock started to harden. He moaned as Steve continued kissing along his chest as though he’d said nothing out of the ordinary. “Your whole body, from your legs to your arms and your chest, even your ass,” Steve murmured. “All soft and smooth for me.” Bucky squeaked and Steve laughed. “You like that, huh? Well, I guess I have some plans for today, too.”
It was almost noon by the time they managed to get to the barber’s office. Steve dressed incognito. Sweaters and coats that hid his body and a hat with sunglasses that obscured his face. It was a necessary part of going out. Bucky didn’t mind. Steve’s celebrity status made it difficult to be himself in public and Bucky was honestly not ready to deal with the media finding out about their relationship. He wanted to savor the privacy a while longer. Bucky’s hair, thankfully, was easier to style than some other types of hair. It was neither completely silky and straight, nor thick and course. The hair stylist knew what she was doing, too. He had Steve wait outside. He wanted to surprise him with what he ended up with. In less than an hour, his hair went from shoulder length to not even covering his ears. His hair was styled up in a curl on top of his head, but short on the sides. He looked smart and professional and every bit the young guy he was. Part of the reason why he’d decided to shave and cut his hair was he thought it aged him a bit. Maybe having a different kind of look where he didn’t look like he’d gone through a war (aka college and grad school). After he’d paid and tipped the stylist, he stepped outside. Steve turned to him and Bucky smiled as he saw Steve’s eyes go dark. He pulled Bucky close and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Pietro Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Nick Fury
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Group Sex
Kink Negotiation
Dom/sub
Daddy Kink
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Anal Sex
Threesome - M/M/M
Gay Bucky Barnes
Spitroasting
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Dom Natasha Romanov
Sub Sam Wilson
Sub Clint Barton
Come Swallowing
Anal Plug
Rope Bondage
Bondage
Shibari
Open Relationships
Adult Peter Parker
Barebacking
Large Cock
Master/Pet
BDSM
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Friends With Benefits
Platonic Sex
Post-Coital Cuddling
Aftercare
Erotic Electrostimulation
Hair-pulling
Safewords
Safe Sane and Consensual
Explicit Consent
Not Canon Compliant
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Voyeurism
Mommy Kink
Praise Kink
Virginity Kink
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Pietro Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Nick Fury
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

