Work Text:
Peter was livid. And it wasn't because a few pardoned Avengers had ruined his movie night with his dad. When Tony had officially adopted Peter all those years ago, him and May had decided he would spend weekends at the tower (now technically the compound), and weekdays in Queens. Somewhere along the way Friday had become the official movie night of the Stark household, and was a treasured and anticipated event. Usually it was only Tony and Peter cuddled up on the couch watching various films, but every once and a while a free Pepper or Rhodey would join in on their little party. However, on this particular Friday, Peter walked into the compound only to find the recently pardoned Avengers sitting in his living room. Tony was standing right smack dab in the middle of them, his arms crossed and a pained look on his face. "Hey Pete", Tony said, the expression on his face turning from annoyance to fondness at the sight of the boy. "You're home early" "Hi dad", Peter responded, dropping his worn backpack to the floor. "Decathlon practice got done early today. MJ was out with the flu, so Mr. Harrington told us all just to go home early" All of the Avengers were now starring at him, and Peter felt incredible uncomfortable with their glares. "Why is he here?", Steve asked, obviously upset over something. "I thought you said the compound would be empty tonight" "Well for one he lives here", Tony replied, his facing contorting back to it's original expression. "And the compound is empty, I sent all the employees home early today", he informed them. Peter could tell he had walked in on a conversations he probably didn't want to get involved with, so he opted to instead silently walk off to the kitchen to grab a snack. Lunch that day had been awful, and Peter could basically feel his stomach trying to eat itself from the inside out. Despite the an entire wall was between him and the other, Peter's super senses allowed him to hear everything the group in the living room was talking about. "You talk about secrets and yet you kept a child from us for nearly six years", He heard Captain Rogers say, making him flinch slightly. "This has absolutely nothing to do with that so leave him out of this, he heard his father basically scream at the others. Tony didn't lose his temper often, but Peter was starting to notice that when he did it usually had something to do with him. Like when Steve and Sam had first found out about Peter which led to probably one of the biggest arguments in Avengers history, right under the Civil War. Peter slowly peaked his head back into the living, just to check on his father. He knew that Tony had a bad habit of getting to worked up over things and spiraling into a panic attack of sorts. He really didn't want that to happen here, especially on their favorite night of the week.But then Sam had said it, the sentence that made Peter go red with anger."No Stark", Sam had interjected, basically fuming at this point. "He has everything to do with this. It's just another example of you being too selfish and prideful to tell the whole truth to your team. I don't care what you have to say about safety, he was a ginormous part of your life that you decided not to share with the people you were suppose to trust the most"  None of them must have realized that Peter had reappeared in the living room, because they all jumped a little when he spoke up. "So Mr. Barton is the only one allowed to keep his family safe?", he asked quietly, trying to keep his voice steady. "And Mr. Rogers is the only one who can be forgiven for keeping a big secret?" The atmosphere of the room suddenly got uncomfortably tense as everyone once again locked their eyes on Peter. "Kid please out of this", Steve told him, making Tony squint his eyes in disapproval. "You just don't understand everything"Peter crossed his arms and tried to copy the look on his dads face. "Oh I think I understand enough", he said, mocking Steve's tone of voice. "I understand helplessly watching my dad slowly slip away from reality as the people who he thought were his closet friends stab him in the back"When no one said anything in response to that, he continued. "And I definitely understood when the quinjet return from Siberia and all I could do was stand there as they wheeled my dad into surgery to fix the hole in his chest, not knowing if he was going to make it or not. I barely slept for three days because every time I closed my eyes all I could see was his lifeless face starring back at me" Peter locked eyes with Tony, and almost started crying when he saw the immense sadness they held. They had never really discussed what had truly happened in Siberia, but he was mostly able to piece it together. From the clean cut through his fathers arc reactor, to the ever familiar shield they recovered from the scene, Peter had made his own assumption. "How much do you guys really know about Tony Stark?", Peter asked, genuinely curious as to what their answe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Angst and Feels
Little bit of Fluff
just a little
mostly angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

