Work Text:
They have to carry the body.
 
Carry him, Steve should say. Him. What’s left, or what was. He’s the first person to even suggest it, while they stand there, ash in their hair, in their mouths, in their eyes.
 
The kid is crying, but he’s got a hand gripped around Pepper’s wrist, and she’s screaming. It’s wordless, agony, sound. To lose a husband. She had waited, Steve thinks, when he steps forward, ground rough under his boot. She supported him, always. Which is more than Steve ever did. You can rest now; perfectly selfless.
 
No rest for the wicked, of course.
 
Rhodey puts out an arm, as if to stop him. “Don’t,” he croaks, but he’s crying too, and there’s no force there. “Too soon.”
 
Steve thinks, they went to college together, didn’t they? Tony and Rhodes. They had known each other longer than anyone here. Pepper’s fingers are tearing at the kid’s armour, her nails digging into his chest, knees tucked beneath her. Jesus, the daughter. She’s going to have to tell Morgan. And what will she say? Daddy isn’t coming home. Daddy gave his life so we could have ours.
 
Steve’s throat feels thick. Worse than that – past the exhaustion, and numbness, a bleeding in his brain. Not physical. But drip by drip. And now Thor is murmuring, saying, it’s only right, and talking about practicalities when there’s a widow sobbing over the body of her husband, and a boy crying with a hand fisted in his hair like he’s never known loss, and then the great injustice of it all, which is a man who spent a life burdened only to –
 
“Steve,” Thor says. He grips his shoulder. “We must,” he says.
 
He’s shaken. “Yeah,” he agrees. “Pepper,” he says, and rests his hand against her back, as gentle as he can.
 
“No!” She screams at him, and protects the corpse with her body, shields him. “No! No one! Just – “ she takes his hand, shuts her eyes. Steve peels back. He thinks, the body will harden. We need to get it out of the suit. Half of its face is calcified, burnt. The agony of that, he thinks. A terrible way to die.
 
It. Him, Steve corrects himself, his. The kid looks up, eyes swollen, face drawn. “What?” He croaks, frowning.
 
Steve stares. He had spoken aloud. “Him,” he says again, and then realises how he must sound. But the kid seems to get it – he holds out his hand, as if to be pulled up. And Steve obliges.
 
The kid looks at him. Peter, Steve tells himself, slowly. He should learn the name. Put the face to memory. Scared as it is, this is the boy who – Tony had said, I lost the kid. He had wanted something from Steve, in that moment. Some kind of balm, a self-soothe, even though after he had spat in his face. In that tight, brief moment, his hands on Tony’s back, frail, there had been no animosity. Like friends. Like –
 
Lovers.
 
I should have, he thinks, and stops. Should have what?
 
The kid draws the back of his hand across his eyes. “It’s not fair,” he breathes, “it’s not fair, not for him.”
 
There’s one moment, brief, but so fucking tangible; Steve can practically hear the thoughts in the kid’s head, in all their heads, Rhodey and Pepper: it should have been you.
 
Steve grips his chest, massages below the breastbone. It should have been him. It should have been him, Jesus, he has nothing to live for anyway.
 
“C’mon,” Steve says again, thickly, putting his arm around the kid’s shoulders. “We need to move him. You want to help, son?” He offers it, because the kid is a kid, but he’s going to have to grow up fast, now. Manhood isn’t going to wait.
 
The kid nods. “Yeah,” he says, eyes swollen, face filthy, resolute. “I want – I want to help.”
 
“Good,” Steve tells him, quietly. He nods at Rhodes, and Rhodes puts his hand on Pepper’s hair. We should move him, he says. We should take him out of the suit.
 
Him. Rhodes called it him. The body, corpse, carcass.
 
She’s sobbing still, but gently. For Steve, tears don’t come. He thinks, maybe she expected this, maybe she’s always expected it. Always prepared.
 
She lets Rhodes kneel, press a catch beneath the arm of the armour. And all he can think is, he has a child, he had a daughter, why did I make him, why did I steal his peace.
 
Rhodes grunts, pulling apart the breastplate. “Some help,” he says, and the kid crouches, scuttles closer, unafraid of the death. He helps Rhodes lever it down, gently, careful not to disturb the body. The clothes underneath have been charred and burned, the skin mottled, blistered.
 
Steve thinks, again: an awful way to die.
 
“Here,” Rhodes is saying, gently, “you’re okay, buddy.” He closes Tony’s eyes. He holds his hand. “Cap,” he says, “I can’t carry him.”
 
Steve nods. The others are coming, now. Sam has landed, Wanda drifted down to earth. Quill and his team, T’Challa and his sister, all of them. “Oh, no,” he hears someone murmur, so softly.
 
Steve’s throat is thick. He wants to be like Rhodes. He wants to tell Tony’s body that it’ll be okay, he wants to thank it. God – he wants to thank him. He never did.
 
He never thanked him.
 

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Angst
Happy Ending
THE HAPPIEST OF ENDINGS
Hurt Tony
Steve Rogers Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

