Work Text:
Steve woke up to Bucky's quiet cursing from the apartment bathroom, muffled through the wall but not muffled enough to let him sleep through it. Steve was a light sleeper anyway, more so lately than he used to be, even. It was hard to relax and sleep when every night meant one day closer to Bucky leaving.Steve sat up, yawning and running his fingers through his messy hair. A quick glance at the alarm clock on his bedside table showed that it was closer to the middle of the night than dawn. Whatever Bucky was doing he was real sore about it, considering the language he was using. Steve got out of bed and went to find him.The bathroom door was open, light pouring from the bare bulb. Bucky was in front of the mirror in just his boxers. There was a lit cigarette in his mouth and he was spreading what looked like half a jar of Brylcreem through his hair, glaring at his reflection like he was trying to pick a fight with it."Die, you fucking, God-damn—Oh, shit. I didn't wake you up, did I?""No," Steve lied, shaking his head. "What are you doing?""I got fucking cooties," Bucky said. He took a drag of the cigarette and blew the smoke out of the corner of his mouth. There were smears of Brylcreem on the cigarette, more of it on the sink and the mirror. "One of the guys at the docks said this stuff'll smother the fuckers.""Cooties?" Steve blinked, suddenly hyper aware of his own scalp. He ran his fingers through his hair again, but he couldn't feel anything moving. "How did—" The cigarette smoke started him coughing before he could finish."Shit." Bucky spat the half-burned cigarette into the sink, then ran water over it, smearing Brylcreem all over the tap. He looked at his greasy hands, then wiped them on his bare stomach and wrenched the window open. "Sorry. You were asleep—I didn't think it was going to bother you." He looked anxiously at Steve. "Better?"Steve nodded mutely, still coughing. "Yeah, thanks," he was able to gasp finally. When he looked up again Bucky was back to his attempted louseicide with beeswax and mineral oil. Only now he'd managed to get dust from the window mixed in with the grease in his hair. Steve started laughing.Bucky scowled at him. "What?"Steve just laughed harder, which started him coughing again. He staggered out of the bathroom and leaned against the wall until he wasn't wheezing so much anymore.Bucky came out of the bathroom too, looking like he wasn't sure if he should be worried or annoyed. He put his hands on his hips, getting grease and dust on his boxers now too. "You done cracking up?"Steve nodded, taking in Bucky's shiny chest and hands, grease-covered boxers and his hair, which was now so full of Brylcreem that it glistened like a pool of oil, except for the occasional streaks of grey dust in it. It was very hard not to start laughing again. "You look like you've been hit by a Vaseline truck."Bucky tried another scowl, but it ended up looking a lot more like a smirk. "Jackass."Steve grinned at him, and Bucky grinned back, ridiculous and dusty and greasy, and Steve loved him so much it made his heart hurt. And in four days he was going to leave and Steve wouldn't be able to follow him.He swallowed, looking away before his expression completely betrayed him. "It's pretty late. How long were you supposed to keep that stuff in your hair, anyway?""I don't know." Bucky shrugged. "An hour, maybe? It can't take that long for the little bastards to croak, can it?" He huffed an annoyed breath, tried to run his fingers through is hair, then grimaced with they were stopped by the gleaming sludge he'd coated it with."No idea," Steve said. He stretched, extremely aware of the thinness of his arms and how his elbows popped like he was an old man. Bucky's eyes jumped from Steve's arms to his also-bare and horribly thin chest. Steve hated the flicker of worry that always went through Bucky's eyes, like Steve was about to keel over dead any second. He clapped his arms back to his sides.Bucky grimaced. He rubbed the side of his face, where a drip of grease had slid down from his temple. "You should go back to bed, Steve. You don't got to stay up to keep me and my cooties company." He jutted his chin towards the bedroom. "Go on. One of us should be sleeping, at least. I didn't mean to wake you up, anyhow.""You didn't," Steve lied again. "Besides." He cocked his head, smiling innocently. "I'm thinking maybe I should get my sketchbook. It's inspiring, the way your hair's reflecting the light."Bucky rolled his eyes, then arched an eyebrow. "Here. Have some, then." He quickly plowed his fingers through his hair, then held them out like he was going to wipe them off on Steve. Steve yelped and backed away, but instead of advancing on him Bucky made a disgusted noise and wiped his fingers on his boxers. "Damn dead louse on my finger," he explained."At least it's dead, right?" Steve said, then, "Wait—I just remembered. I have a lice comb." He ducked widely around Bucky and his slimy hands and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers UST

freeform: 
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Pre-Slash
Pre-Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Angst and Humor
Friendship/Love
Feels
Community: hc_bingo
Bingo

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers UST

