Chapter 1: Iron Man
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark had been having the best night of his life.He had made pasta using his mother’s recipe. He had never touched her cooking book since she had died but he had the sudden urge to grab the leatherbound book and make pasta. There were dozens of Italian recipes, things Tony remembered having but couldn’t bear to make so he had gone simple.Pasta.He supposed the biggest reason he had wanted to use her cookbook was that he was having a family dinner. He had known his family had consisted of three people these days: Pepper, Rhodey, Peter, and May - though Peter’s aunt was at work at the moment.Today would be the first family dinner where all of them would be here.Peter was only allowed in the Tower on Fridays through the weekend. Pepper came in during her breaks and it happened to be her break today on Friday. Rhodey had been given a vacation day and Tony? Everyone had bullied him out of the labs to cook.They had all been together many times but today would be the first time they would be having dinner together.“Then May went into the shop, right?” Peter laughed. “Ned was working there at the time and she was complaining about her lawnmower. Ned was freaking out and then she realised it was Ned and they both freaked out.”“You live in an apartment, why would she even need a lawnmower?” Pepper asked.“I have no idea? Something about ravioli.” Peter shrugged.“Dear lord, how did you survive with her cooking?” Rhodey asked.“Takeout.”“I see why we both get along.” Tony grinned.“Nah, I don’t think that’s why.” Pepper grinned.“I think it’s because you’re both  nerds ,” Rhodey added.“I take no offence to that.” Peter and Tony said in unison.They were both wearing matching t-shirts saying ‘Peter Borker’ with a puppy under it. They weren’t the usual science puns but it brought out the same reactions from everyone: Peter giggling, Tony being exasperated, Pepper being sweet but secretly either hating or loving it, Rhodey would love them if they weren’t science puns.Before anyone of them could speak, Rhodey’s head hit the table. Tony watched as his best friend’s head landed with a thunk and everyone one went to him. Tony shook him but the man would not wake up and before he knew it, Pepper had mirrored Rhodey by falling asleep and not waking up.“Mr. Stark? I think I should go to bed…” Peter murmured and Tony whipped his head around fast enough to see the boy crumple. Tony wasn’t fast enough to catch him, his movements were sluggish, and his own eyes filled with sleep.✤✤✤Peter woke up sitting in a foreign room.His senses screamed at him that there was something dangerous but as he looked around, there were bodies.For a moment, he thought he was surrounded by the dead.The scream died in his throat as shock took over when one body sat up. The figure rubbed at his eyes and Peter honestly thought that they were a zombie.So he hit them on the head.“Pete, seriously, why did you do that so hard? You have fucking super strength!”“Mr. Stark?” Peter’s eyes widened. “Holy crap, I thought you were a zombie!”“ Why? ”“Gee, I wonder, I guess all these bodies mean nothing,” Peter mumbled.“Holy shit, why is she green?” Tony looked at a woman with violet hair and green skin.“What do we do now? Wake them up or find a way out?” Peter asked.“You wake them up. Most of these people hate me and don’t know you. I’ll go find a way out.” Tony said after looking around.“No, I’ll help you. If they saw a stranger, they’d think I kidnapped them.” Peter said.“The question is, who kidnapped us?” Tony asked.Peter walked alongside his father-figure as they walked around the cavernous room. At the front, there was a large screen taking up the expanse of the wall whilst the three other walls were blank. The lighting was dim like a dying heart and there were no doors.“Petey, try and find out if the walls are hollow,” Tony said as he decided to start knocking on the walls.The knocking must have broken through the sleeping beings’ minds as they slowly all woke up. There were a few groans but Peter was too busy knocking on the walls to care.“Peter? What are you doing?” Pepper asked.“Tony, have you cracked?” Rhodey groaned.“Who are all of you?” A man with ginger hair asked. “And where’s my gun?”“Peter, can you stop fussing about?” The green woman asked.“I’m actually trying to find a way out,” Peter said from where he was knocking on the door.“She was talking to me, dipshit.” The ginger said.“My GPS isn’t working.” Vision said which earned a very confused look from Tony.“Petey, there’s no hollow walls. Try to hit the wall with all your strength.” Tony said.Peter fisted his hands and struck the walls. There were no cracks. Peter looked at Tony, alarmed, and the billionaire had the same look.“Rogers, hit the wall with Peter,” Tony said numbly“ He’s  here?” Peter groaned.“Play nice,” Tony smirked at the young boy.Peter watched with uncertain eyes as the blond superhero walked next to Peter. His eyes were as blue as ever and Pet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Avengers watch the MCU
avengers watch iron man
Iron Man 1
They're not okay yet but will be soon
Fix-It
kind of
There's going to be weird tension
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

