Work Text:
Tony stays in New York for a while. The tower is damaged but the power and structure’s still good, and it’d be a cold day in Hell before Tony misses the symbolic importance of him staying there in the aftermath of the Chitauri battle.From there, Tony stays on top of things: repairs, clean-up and security, and salvaging Chitauri tech near the top of the priority list. Pepper and Rhodey come out to help (and hug Tony), whereby Pepper reroutes Stark Industry resources into the city programs, and Rhodey puts polish on the PR. But both of them have their own matters to deal with, and bow out once they get the momentum going.Bruce hangs around for a stint, too, up until General Ross comes sniffing around. They both agree that he should lay low for a while, so Tony helps him pack his bags and doesn’t ask where he’s going.This means that Tony is effectively alone in the tower on the evening that Steve Rogers shows up.It’s a confusing surprise, but not an unwelcome one. Tony buzzes the guy up, curious and only getting curiosier when Steve steps into the not-at-all-properly-refurbished penthouse looking like someone pissed on his shield and he’s too polite to do anything about it.“The shawarma was not that bad,” Tony says.Steve starts a little. A corner of his mouth quirks, but the smile doesn’t complete its journey. “No, it was pretty good.”“Don’t spare my feelings now.”Steve looks pretty much the same from when they’d parted ways, right down to the plaid and khaki. Though that might be different plaid? Tony can’t tell. But the face is off, tense. He hadn’t been relaxed, exactly, when he’d ridden off on that ridiculous motorbike of his, but he’d looked better than this.“Fury kicked you out?” Tony says. “You need a favor? What’s up?”“I can’t just visit?” Steve retorts.“Oh?” Tony turns on his heel, hands on his hips as he regards his surroundings. “Well, if you want the grand tour, there’s not much to see here beyond scaffolding and tarp and, uh—” Tony remembers that his table computer is still projecting the tower plans he’d been tinkering with. “Hey JARVIS, could you slide the—”“Very good, sir,” JARVIS says, and on the far side of the room the tower models blip off the screen.Tony clears his throat, and just resists rolling his eyes at himself. It’s not like it’s a secret, or that he’s embarrassed about his thought experiments. The Avengers may be a one-and-done for now, but that’s for now, and of course Tony’s already thinking about what they might need in the future. They won’t be taken by fucking surprise the next time.Tony turns back, a pithy rejoinder at the ready, but he’s startled to find Steve standing right there, close enough that Tony could’ve knocked him as he’d turned. And there’s that face again, watchful and intense, though for some reason it doesn’t ping Tony’s fight-or-flight instinct as it had on the hellicarrier.“Uh, what?” Tony says.Steve’s eyes are locked on his. “Hail Hydra.”It’s a douse of ice water, shocking to the core. Oh, fight.Tony flails away from Steve, heart hammering and arm flung out. The armor comes flying, the gauntlet first to wrap around his arm. Tony brings it around, repulsor aimed at Steve just as the other pieces slot into place, it’s when the HUD lights that Tony focuses on his target and he registers that Steve is... holding his body small, his hands up in surrender. There is nothing but relief on his face, which now sags.“Oh thank God,” Steve says breathlessly. “I’m not Hydra. I swear, I’m not Hydra.”“Then what was that?” Tony snaps. “An early April Fools?”“I needed to see your reaction.”“What the hell for!”“Yesterday a SHIELD agent came up to me and said… that.”“Hail Hydra,” Tony says flatly. “Like a joke?”Steve’s face twists. “No. Not a joke. In earnest.”“To you. To you? Why, did they have a death wish?”“They said it…” Steve pauses, pained. He either hasn’t noticed or doesn’t care that Tony still has his weapons locked on him. “As if they knew I would welcome it. They had this little smile the whole time. Knowing. Confident. It wasn’t a challenge, or a threat. It was the sharing of a secret.”“How did you react?”“I was shocked, but they seemed to take the shock as a good thing. I didn’t say anything, and they walked away. Then I, uh… had to think.”“By physiological signs as far as I can measure them, the Captain appears to be telling the truth,” JARVIS says.“But... Hydra.” Tony flips the faceplate up, staring at Steve in disbelief. “There hasn’t been Hydra since…”“Are you sure?” Steve says.Tony’s head spins. “Okay, SHIELD. That happened within SHIELD, so you couldn’t bring it up to Fury. Or Natasha, or Clint.”“Honestly, I don’t think Natasha or Clint are involved, but…”“Yeah, I get it.”Tony quickly runs through his schedule for the day, sorting through what can be moved and what can’t. This has to be bumped up, but maybe not to the very top just yet because they don’t even know if there is a crisis, let alone the shape of said crisis. There’s also the fact that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers (2012)
Alternate Reality
Canon Divergent
Tony POV
Unintentional flirting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
First Time
Casual Sex
sex then feelings
Happy Ending
Branching Timeline Theory
2012 Branching Timeline

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

