Chapter 1: October 14, 1949
    




Chapter Text
Her clock goes off, bells clanging like a three-alarm fire, at precisely six in the morning. Peggy Carter rolls out of bed, groans, slams down the latch, stretches, rubs her eyes, and jams her feet into her slippers, padding out into the kitchen and fiddling with the stove.The flame turned up, the kettle on: she gets her teacup out and slips out the back door, picking up the milk and carrying it back in, putting the bottles into the refrigerator. It's a lovely fall morning, brisk and clear. The milk has stayed cold. It's quite nice and convenient, and she likes things to be convenient.She sits on her kitchen chair at her kitchen table (the dining room is hardly ever used) and sips her tea with milk, going over the morning paper. The evening one keeps being left at the front and not the back: she's going to have to have a word with the delivery-man about that if it doesn't stop at once.Howard's face takes up a goodly portion of Page Two: he's working on some fancy what-have-you or other, nothing she can pretend to care too much about until he inevitably calls her on the telephone and yammers her ear off about it. She's already got enough on her plate, what with the construction plans she's got to sign off on today, the trip she's got to make down to the site by Thursday, and the meeting Wednesday she's got noted down neatly in her daily planner, and her thoughts go directly to work. She finishes her breakfast and gets dressed: stockings, sensible heels, a gray suit with a pencil skirt and matching hat. Hair: taken out of its curlers and brushed out, pinned up. Gloves, handbag, briefcase, scarf and pin—and she's out the door, locking up and heading down to the bus stop.She takes the bus to 23rd and Virginia, and from there walks to work. It's not an ideal situation, sharing space with the Central Intelligence Agency, but until they can get the site up and running it will have to do. Mend and Make Do, she remembers the old posters saying during the war, and smiles to herself as she heads into the imposing building and shows her pass to the guards, passing them, signing in, and heading down to her office.
 Lunch swings around, and she's once again faced with a sandwich at her desk, alone. She can't very well go out and have a hot meal with the secretaries at the five-and-dime, and it's awkward for everyone when she joins her male peers, so she sits alone, chewing ham and cheese and taking the time to go over more of the building plans."Carter?" asks a familiar voice, and she looks up to see Colonel—no, the war's been over for four years, he's just Mr. Phillips now—Phillips, poking his head around the corner of her door. Age has barely changed him at all, maybe another wrinkle around his eyes, but he's as crusty as ever."Yes?" she asks, mouth full, and swallows hurriedly."I'm thinking we should leave at ten tomorrow to go oversee the new site. I'll drive. That work for you?""Oh, certainly. How's the progress coming?""Pretty well so far. These new guys seem to know what they're doing." He gives her a once-over and nods. "You oughta wear coveralls. It's not too clean, and I know how you like to be hands-on."She pretends to sigh. "I suppose the SSR simply can't handle another dry-cleaning bill?"He chuckles. "Not with all our funds being shuffled around by our Strategic Homeland whatever-it-is.""Very well. I'll show up looking the very image of Rosie the Riveter. Anything else?""Yeah. Uh, Agent Sousa called again." He looks vaguely uncomfortable, and Peggy's heart sinks."Did he," she says flatly. "I shall have to call him back, then. Thank you.""Oh, and I want the updated blueprints on my desk so I can sign off on them after you. Stark make it in yet?""Who knows where Howard Stark is or what he's doing," Peggy says dismissively. "No, and I don't think he's signed off on them either. I'll call him and drag him in to have a look; he seems to think deadlines are suggestions.""You do that. Thanks, Carter." Phillips leaves, and Peggy finishes her sandwich and picks up the phone, dialing Howard's private number. It rings twice, and is picked up, which means Peggy knows immediately that Howard hasn't picked it up: he lets it ring until kingdom come.
"Stark residence. Jarvis speaking."
"Hello, Edwin. It's Peggy." She smiles as he blusters in delight.
"My goodness! Hello, Miss Carter! We haven't heard from you in ages; how are you?"
"I'm very well, but look—we've got to get Howard into the office to sign off on these blueprints for this thing we're doing, and nobody's seen him all week.""Oh, yes," says Jarvis after a moment. "Yes. One moment." There's a distant voice, a conversation that's muffled—he must have his hand over the receiver—and Howard picks up, voice slightly slurred."Peggy!" he almost shouts.Peggy winces and holds the receiver away from her ear. "Yes, good afternoon, Howard."
"Is it afternoon?"
"Yes. It's nearly one. Look, not to be a bother—""You could never be 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Howard Stark & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peggy Carter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
SHIELD
1940s
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Canon Compliant
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Established Relationship
Cold War
Miscarriage
Pregnancy
Light BDSM
Stillbirth
War
Canon-Typical Violence
Marriage
Brainwashing
Hydra (Marvel)
Alternate Timelines
Post-Endgame
Endgame Fix-It
Original Character(s)

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Howard Stark & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peggy Carter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

