Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter has worn a variety of different suits in his time. He vaguely remembers being dressed up in a tiny suit for his aunt and uncle's wedding, years and years ago. He remembers, more recently, wearing Ben's old suit to homecoming; and, of course, there's the Spider-Man suit and its iron cousin.

This particular suit, though, all-black and stiffly uncomfortable, is the only one that's ever felt wrong to wear.

It's a stark reminder that something is missing, something he'll never get back. It doesn't feel real that he's standing here, watching Tony's wreath float away from them, knowing his mentor - his dad - is dead. They were supposed to have more time. Pepper and May and Happy are here, familiar faces, as well as the rest of the original Avengers, but Peter can see Tony's daughter from where he's standing. She's a visual reminder that it's been five years since Thanos killed half the world: five years since he died in Tony's arms.

It feels like five minutes since Tony died in Peter's.

A weird sense of numbness steals over him as he watches the wreath drift further and further away. The feeling of May's hand on his shoulder is fading, and it's like Peter is underwater. He can barely hear Pepper speaking about Tony, much less the eulogies that follow. His gaze is fixed; it's like his head is empty. Peter recognizes the feeling, that soul-stealing loneliness, from when Ben died. He should have realized it was inevitable he'd feel it again.

After the wreath finally disappears into the horizon, the mourners start returning inside. May gives his shoulder a squeeze before she heads in with them, telling Peter to stay if he needs to. When she leaves, he looks round to see the deck has almost emptied of people. He takes a step forward, to the edge, looking out towards the wreath that's still moving away from him. He wishes he could reach out and grab it, bring Tony back with the sheer force of his will. Instead, he sits down on the wood and dangles his feet over the edge. His dress shoes brush the top of the water, the toes likely getting wet. He couldn't care less. Right now, he doesn't particularly care about anything.

"Hey," comes a voice, and Peter looks up to see a curly-haired teen similar to his own age standing over him. "Can I sit?"

Peter nods, then realizes he probably needs to answer verbally. "Y-yeah. Sure."

"Thanks." The boy gets down beside him, drawing his knees up to his chest and resting his arms on top. "I'm Harley," he offers.

"I'm Peter," Peter answers. "It's, uh... nice to meet you."

Harley lets out a humorless laugh. "Yeah. Could be under better circumstances, though."

Peter blinks, hating the heat that rises in his cheeks. He's too tired to cry, though, now. "Could be."

"He talked about you a lot," Harley says, and Peter turns to look at him.

"Huh?"

"Tony. Talked about you all the time. He really loved you, y'know? You could tell. He wouldn't shut up about you," Harley continues. "At least in the time before I got Snapped, anyway."

Peter's brow furrows slightly. "Oh. How did you, uh...?"

"Know him?" Harley completes. "Met him in Tennessee. Helped him with the -"

"- Mandarin," Peter finishes. "You're that Harley."

Harley looks slightly amused. "Yeah, clearly. I mean... how many Harleys do you think he knows?"

Peter huffs. "I don't know. It's been a long day."

That kills the humor, because Harley's smile fades. "Yeah. Yeah, it has."

"He talked about you, too," Peter offers. "When we were working in the lab, he kept saying what you guys got up to. He, uh... I think he was going to try getting us to meet, before... all this." Peter waves his hand vaguely in the air, trying to encompass everything that happened without having to actually acknowledge it. The Snap. The Vanished. Tony dying.

"I don't think so," Harley counters. "He told me if we ever met we'd probably blow ourselves up, so it was best to keep us at opposite ends of the States."

Peter laughs, despite himself. "Yeah, that sounds accurate too."

"We haven't exploded anythin', though, so..." Harley makes a pfft sound with the corner of his mouth, looking away. "Don't know what the fuss was about."

"We haven't exploded anything yet," Peter corrects. "Could still happen."

"Very true," Harley says, tilting a finger at him. "You want to try?"

Peter's about to reply when there's a scuffing noise behind him, and he twists to see Tony's daughter standing there, looking slightly like a rabbit in headlights. Morgan.

"Hi," she says quietly, waving faintly.

"Hey," Harley replies, and gives her a small smile. "You're Morgan, right?"

She nods.

"It's nice to meet you, Morgan. I'm Peter," Peter tells her.

"I know," Morgan says, slightly shyly. "Daddy talked about you all the time. And that's Harley," she adds, as if to prove her point, and Harley makes a choking noise and a muffled swear.

He stands, and Peter squints up at him, trying to ignore the bright sun above them. "I, uh... I'm goin' to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Harley Keener Needs a Hug
i cannot believe that's not a thing
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Fluff
Character Death
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Irondad
spiderson
Whump
Angst with a Happy Ending
Panic Attacks
Time Travel
sibling relationships
Post-Canon Fix-It
Fix-It
Family
ironfam
i wrote this because i abjectly refuse to accept the ending to endgame
morgan is an absolute sweetheart and must be protected
Fake Science
technically this is canon compliant
take that russos

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

