Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He is aching all over, and yet he cannot remember ever feeling so... light. Every step he takes causes another flash of skull-splitting pain behind his eyes, but that seems entirely inconsequential compared to the hooks that used to tear into his brain like white-hot steel claws until he was barely able to think, barely able to remember who he was, why he was even still struggling against the ropes that had him dancing like a puppet, a mere plaything in the hands of those who were pulling his strings.
No more. He is being taken back to Asgard, where he will face the tender mercies of an executioner's axe or (if Odin is willing to let it become public knowledge that he has tricked the Golden Realm into mistaking a stolen Jötun changeling for a prince of Asgard) the hangman's noose, but either way, it will be over. If the Allmother has her way, he might be locked away for eternity instead, and even though that prospect seems less desirable, even Asgard's deepest dungeons hold little terror for one who has endured the hospitality of the Mad Titan and his children. It isn't that Loki is longing for either death or unending imprisonment, but given the alternative, he will gladly take either and consider himself –
Without warning, the world tilts sharply sideways like the deck of a ship hit by a strong gust of wind, making his stomach lurch and his vision grey out for a second. The blue glow of the Tesseract is suddenly right there in front of him, at his feet, in his hands, and Loki feels his own magic surging in response, ripping a tear into the fabric of space and dragging him through before he even realizes what he's doing.
He hits a hard, flat surface and stays there for a moment, dizzy and disoriented, until the universe no longer feels like it's spinning in a mad dance around him.
The first thing that registers is the smell, familiar and strangely comforting, of dust and leather and something that might be... parchment?
Loki pries his eyes open, but to no avail; wherever he is, he has landed in complete darkness, and he has to bite down hard on the panic that wants to rise at the realization. Remembering what allowed him to come here in the first place, he carefully raises his head to look around, and sure enough, there's the soft blue glow of the Tesseract only a few feet away from him.
The cube comes to him without hesitation when he reaches for it. He knows the power it contains, is fully aware of the risk he is taking by touching it with his bare skin, but it seems content enough in his hand. Its gentle song fills Loki's mind and calms his racing heart until he can finally bring himself to pull enough of its energy into himself to dissolve his shackles and the thrice-damned muzzle.
Then, working some feeling back into his sore jaw, he pushes himself up on his elbows and looks around by the illumination the Tesseract provides.
He's on the wooden floor of a vast hall, entirely empty and filled with darkness. The Tesseract's light is reflected in the huge panes of windows that show nothing but blackness outside, although Loki's ears pick up a whisper of wind and rain from the other side of the glass. Wherever he is, it appears to be the middle of the night, which might be the reason the hall is deserted.
He climbs to his feet in spite of the protest from his aching bones and gently nudges the Tesseract to provide a little more illumination, caution be damned. It may be frivolous to use a source of cosmic power for a nightlight, but Loki is well aware that his seiðr is in even worse condition than his body, so he's willing to utilize every resource at his disposal. He assumes that the Tesseract will forgive him, considering how willingly it took him here when it could have left him stranded in the eternal darkness between realms just as easily.
Do not think of it, do not think of it –
Suppressing a shudder, Loki raises the cube to look around – and then almost drops it when he finally realizes why this place feels so familiar.
What he first took for walls are actually bookshelves, row after row soaring up towards the vaulted ceiling, thousands and thousands of books filling the darkness with a smell he has always associated with the peaceful joy of reading and exploring. Loki spent several decades here during his youth, and looking back, he probably has to consider those years the happiest time of his life.
He is standing in the Great Library of Vanaheim, unrivaled center of learning and study among the Nine Realms. The Tesseract has taken him to the one place in the universe he is still allowed, in his heart, to consider home.
+++
The Great Library is like its own city within Vanaheim's capital, with plenty of smaller buildings that provide lodgings for the scholars who come here from all over the Nine. While Vanaheim is less unchanging than ever-static Asgard, Loki is still familiar enough with the layout of the City of Learning to know exactly where to go. Tesseract stored awa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Asgard
Frigga | Freyja & Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tesseract (Marvel)

freeform: 
Endgame Fix-It
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
all the fix-its basically
might as well fix everything while I'm at it
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Angst and Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
King Loki (Marvel)
Asgardian politics
Canon-Typical Violence
Family Issues
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Brothers
Fantastic Racism
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Infinity Gems (Marvel)
Loki trilogy characterization
POV Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Asgard
Frigga | Freyja & Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tesseract (Marvel)

