Chapter 1: Everyone Shows Up
    




Chapter Text
Everyone was going about their normal business that fine afternoon in April when suddenly, a mysterious white flash of light surrounded them (conveniently nobody who wasn’t taken by the light saw this) and they vanished from wherever they were and woke up in – 
“A theater?” asked Peter Parker in bewilderment. He’d been at Academic Decathlon practice (for once) when suddenly he appeared here. He was thrilled to see Aunt May and Tony Stark, as well as members of the Avengers and other famous superheroes, but slightly startled by the fact that the rest of his Decathlon team, and several of his schoolmates, were also present.
“Where are we?” Ned groaned. “Whoa, is that Captain America?”
It was indeed Captain America, glorious beard and all. 
“What’s happening?” he asked, and then caught sight of Tony, who was glaring at him and Bucky coldly.
“Okay, let’s not fight, please,” T’challa said, which was exactly the opposite of Tony wanted to do at that moment. “We’re all in the same situation here. We need to figure out what happened and where we are, and then we can focus on other problems.”
“Well said, brother,” Shuri smirked. 
“I found a note,” a girl with antennae said from a group containing a raccoon, a tree thing, a green-skinned girl, a tattooed man, and a human. She held up a sheet of paper. 
Natasha took the writing from her and read the words. “’Dear Avengers and co, sorry for the alarm this may have caused you, but we mean no harm. We have gathered all of you here for a simple purpose: to display your past and your future, for your benefit and entertainment. Do not try to escape. Because this is fanfiction, this room you are in defies all logic so the door will appear only after we have decided you have seen enough.’ Then there’s a list of names.” 
“Our names?” asked Clint, surrounded by his family. 
“Yeah,” Natasha said. 
“I suppose we should sit down, then,” Peter said brightly, ignoring the glare he received from Flash. 
“Peter?” Tony asked incredulously. 
“Oh, hey Mr. Stark!” the teen said brightly, and Flash’s look changed from glaring to shock to anger once more. 
“Wait, who is everyone?” Wanda asked. Her gaze flickered to Tony and then quickly away, still unsure how she felt about the billionaire. She reached for Vision’s hand and held it tightly. 
“I guess we should introduce ourselves,” another guy said. “Also, maybe say something about ourselves? I’m Scott Lang, Ant Man. Currently under house arrest for, uh, violating the Sokovia Accords.” He coughed awkwardly as the atmosphere in the room, which had been rather tense already, grew colder. He could feel Hope and Hank’s glares from the other side of the room. 
“I’m Cassie!” a little girl said with a huge smile on her face, and immediately the air seemed easier to breath as everyone couldn’t help but smile at her. “And my dad’s best grandma in the world.” 
This earned looks of confusion from everyone else, but Scott looked extremely proud at his daughter's words. 
“I’m Maggie, Scott’s ex-wife,” Maggie introduced herself. “And this is my husband, Jim Paxton.” He waved. 
Next Hank and Hope introduced themselves, and then Luis, along with Kurt and Dave. Ava and Bill Foster, along with Jimmy Woo, the FBI agent involved with Scott’s case was there as well. When Darren Cross went to introduce himself, Hank, Hope, and Scott all but growled at him. 
“Okay, I guess I’ll go next,” said the human with the group of non-humans. “I’m Peter Quill, better known as Star Lord, and supreme leader of the Guardians of the Galaxy.”
Behind him the tattooed man snorted. 
“Okay, we never appointed you leader,” the raccoon snarked, causing most of the room’s occupants to do a double take. “And I’m Rocket. The true leader of the Guardians of the Galaxy, as most would say. And no, I am not a raccoon.”
Quill looked affronted.
“I am Groot.”
Then Drax, Mantis, and Gamora introduced themselves, along with Yondu, Nebula, and Ronan and Ego, the latter two of which the Guardians were less than pleased to see. 
“What’s up everyone, I’m Peter Parker!” the teen superhero said excitedly. Then he quieted because, with his friends here, he couldn’t announce his alter identity. So he said, “I go to school at Midtown in Queens.”
There were a few questions shared among others as to why there was a group of teenagers in the midst of all these superheroes, but nobody said anything as the rest of the people from Peter’s life introduced themselves: Aunt May, Mr. Harrington, Ned, MJ, Liz and her parents, Coach Wilson, his teachers, Mr. Delmar, and Jason and Betty, among others. 
“Well, I think you all know who I am,” Tony started out.
Quill raised his hand. “Yeah, sorry, you’re wrong there.”
“Does Peter Parker really have an internship at your company?” Flash blurted. 
Tony ignored the Terran but answered Flash. “Yes, in fact he is my personal assistant. And, for the unfortunate few who have no clue who I am, I am Tony Stark, genius, playboy, ph
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
avengers watch the movies
movie reaction
who doesn't
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Irondad
spiderson
Natasha is awesome
So is Clint
Really all the Avengers are awesome
Maybe more characters later
i am bad at tagging
maybe more tags later

fandom: 
None
