Chapter 1: Let December Glow In Flames
    




Chapter Text
All Peter remembers before Doctor Strange had woken him up and told him to rejoin the battle was Tony Stark holding him as his body dusted into nothing. It was jarring and Peter couldn’t help but feel like he was important.Peter Parker was thrown back into a battle that was far more bigger than what he had thought he would be fighting in. He fought to his best abilities, got a hug from Mr. Stark, which he assumed came from the guilt of Peter dying on his watch. Peter did remember him saying that he would be guilty if Peter died, and that took a chunk of his consciousness. Peter also had the job of running with the glove, which he got saved by Captain America and then gave it to the glowing woman who randomly showed up. He wished he got the memo on who she was, but he wasn’t going to randomly throw a fit over it.But in the distance, Peter saw the three lead guy Avengers fight Thanos, which he couldn’t tell if they were winning or not. Mr. Stark had gotten hold of the new gauntlet and was now staring across the battlefield at Doctor Strange. Wizard man held up one finger and mr. Stark nodded. Peter then knew what he was going to do. He was going to snap the bad guys away. But Peter knew Hulk brought them back and he saw what it did to Hulk. He couldn’t let that happen.Peter took out the guy next to him by webbing him up before taking off. He swung up right as Thanos ran towards Mr. Stark. Peter shifted his weight and propelled towards the two. He held his arms out and hit Thanos in the head, catching the purple guy off guard.“Mr. Stark! Hit him again quickly!” Peter called out as he landed. He had landed behind Mr. Stark, who blinked at him and quickly shot one of his blasts at the Titan. Peter watched as Thanos got up and swiped again at Mr. Stark, making the hold on the gauntlet slip. Peter watched as the gauntlet slowly fell and he shot out a web as it slipped. Thanos reached for it, but Peter was quicker. He pulled it towards him and Mr. Stark took Thanos’ shock for granite, shooting him. “Kid, hold onto it for a second.” Mr. Stark instructed, but Peter knew better. Mr. Stark was human. He was a pure human with only special metal and tech protecting his worn body from injury. Peter was a mutated boy with healing and strength that went past Captain America. His body looked frail but it could take a beating and easily recover. He knew better.“Peter, I know what you’re thinking. Don’t do it.” Karen talked in his ear.Peter looked around as eyes naturally gravitated towards the fight and himself. Some expected him to run, or to fight back and pass it on. Some just watched the fight, waiting for their respective side to win and get the gauntlet. Some of the bad guys ran at him, and Peter counted his seconds as he looked up to Doctor Strange. His mouth was drawn to a small line and his eyebrow creased. Was this what he predicted in his one ending? Or was this the wrong one?A small nod was all Peter needed from the wizard.Peter slipped on the gauntlet and it took a second to readjust.“Queens-!” The energy that went through the gauntlet made Peter let out a scream. It was of pure pain and was almost drowned out by the chaos around them. But the heroes and enemies around them all turned to see Peter standing there, the power making the nano suit peel back and his suit underneath burn away. “Kid no!” Peter heard Mr. Stark’s voice call out as he kept the Titan back.Peter looked up and held up the burning arm. It was a struggle but he managed to get it so he could see it. He then pressed the correct fingers together and snapped.There was a bright light and a shock went through him. His body felt like it was ready to burn up and explode. But it was over as the energy stopped exploding from him. Peter gasped for air as his body felt empty, like a used and empty bag of flour. He fell to his knees and his eyesight swam. He blinked a few times.“You’re crying.” Karen informed him. “Peter, your body is trying to shut down.”“‘M fine, Karen.” Peter put his hands flat on the ground in front of him. Dust just like the type that came from the original snap flew by him and he felt like throwing up. The memory of dying came back to him, like a ghost, as his eyesight barely kept up with the dust.“Who snapped?” Someone asked from nearby. Was that Mr. Stark?“He did.” Someone answered. That was… Ant-Man.“Oh shit.”Peter could hear that the area had gone silent. The wind blew by, whistling a quiet omen. Footsteps ran up to Peter and arms wrapped around him, bringing him on to their lap (which Peter guessed they dropped to their knees). His mask came off and Mr. Stark’s face came into view. His hands had started to brush Peter’s tears away. Peter couldn’t even feel the pain anymore. His adrenaline was pumping and he just felt too numb. Peter also barely acknowledges the crowd of Avengers that start to crowd. The people who aren’t Avengers, or basically family, don’t dare to get c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
and if you cant already tell
Endgame
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Whump
Fix-It
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)

