Chapter 1: Spider-Man In the Hot Seat
    




Chapter Text


(Image description: a collage of pictures. Along the top is an image from the YouTube show Hot Ones; it shows a wooden platter with an array of chicken wings and behind it are several bottles of hot sauce lined up. On the bottom left is a picture of Sean Evans, taken from a video clip from Hot Ones. He appears to be listening to his interview guest speak (not shown). The bottom middle picture is a still image from Civil War, and shows Spider-Man posing and kneeling on one knee while holding the stolen shield from Captain America. The bottom right image shows someone in a Spider-Man costume holding a child who has no hair and is hugging him tightly around the neck. The background shows what appears to be a hospital bed and several ribbons that most likely connect to a bunch of balloons above the picture. End description.) The video begins focused on a man in his early thirties looking into the camera, hair buzzed short and wearing a white hoodie under a black bomber jacket. He is sitting at a small table with ten bottles of hot sauce lined up down the center from hot to hottest, a platter of ten chicken wings set in front of him, with the whole set backdropped in black. The man smiles and begins his introduction."Hi everyone, from First We Feast this is Sean Evans and you're watching Hot Ones: the show with hot questions and even hotter wings."The camera angle changes but maintains the closeup."You may recognize our next guest from his daring acrobatics, swinging high above the streets of Queens as he patrols vigilantly to keep its citizens safe. From rescuing cats stuck in trees to taking down drug rings and even occasionally joining the Avengers in taking on aliens to save the world, there is no task too simple or too daunting for this hero. Please welcome to the show, the amazing Spider-Man."The camera changes to focus on the guest sitting across from him, a young man wearing dark blue jeans, white sneakers, and a thin dark grey hoodie that easily displays the shape of his fit body, the sleeves casually pulled a third of the way up to reveal sinewy forearms corded with veins and a few faint scars. Most notably he is wearing a Spider-Man mask to preserve his identity.The large white eyes narrow a fraction in delight and the area around the mouth twitches, as if there is a smiling mouth beneath the fabric."Wow, what an intro," he enthuses, "Thank you so much for having me! I'd say it's a pleasure to be here but I'm actually a fan of your show and so I have a good idea of what's in store for me."His voice is light and friendly and sounds relatively young.They both laugh at Spider-Man's joke and Sean looks delighted and flattered."Thank you so much, I am a fan of yours as well, Spider-Man! You sound a bit apprehensive though. I've gotta ask, how are you with hot food?""Uhhhh-"He reaches back to scratch the back of his neck nervously and the eyes on his mask widen comically as he cocks his head to the side and continues."I'm gonna be real honest with you here, Sean."Sean laughs again, "Okay lay it on me Spidey - can I call you Spidey?""Yeah of course. I actually used to love hot food. A relative of mine was pretty terrible at cooking when I was growing up so we got takeout a lot and we would often get this crazy hot curry for fun from a spot down the road and man, I think we had cast iron stomachs because it didn't bother us a bit and most people can't even get through half."Sean throws his hands up in confusion and gestures at him, "So this should be a breeze for you! Why do you sound so worried?!""I said 'used to'! Since I became enhanced and became Spider-Man my senses have been heightened and are what I've described as 'dialed to eleven'. So where I used to be able to basically eat battery acid, I fear now it's going to kick my ass. I actually don't know for sure since I've avoided it since the incident but I suspect it will be bad."Sean grins devilishly and not at all sorry, "Uh oh! That's not looking good for you!"Spider-Man shifts in his chair to get more comfortable and one eye widens slightly as if he has raised an eyebrow, "No it's not! Give me a mob of dangerous armed criminals any day, but a plate of chicken wings can get the best of me!"Sean rubs his hands together like a cliche evil villain, "And now we know your weakness!"Spider-Man recoils in jest and slaps a hand to his covered mouth."Seriously though," Sean continues, "Aren't you worried that potential enemies will know now that you're weakened by things that will overwhelm your heightened senses?""I mean nobody is invulnerable, not even people who are enhanced. I'm still human, just...extra. If you blast loud noise or bright lights at anyone it's going to be unpleasant. But I've got my suit to help with most of that. My mask helps dampen sounds and dim lights, things like that.""Well what if you lose the mask?"Spider-Man shrugs, "If they're close enough to manage to relieve me of m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
First We Feast
hot ones
Sean Evans - Freeform
Interview
YouTube
Video
Profanity
vague mentions of mature content
Secret Identity
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
No Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
Humor
Sexual Humor
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Social Media
Screen Reader Friendly
Michelle Jones - Freeform
Minor Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Minor Tony Stark - Freeform
Minor Michelle Jones - Freeform
Peter Parker-centric
Protective Happy Hogan
Minor Happy Hogan

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

