Chapter 1: Hide and Seek
    


Summary:

The first chapter, in which Loki returns from the dead, and he and Thor try to be brothers again. They go to a funeral.



Notes:
I think all warnings are in the tags. Some alcoholism. Some panicking. Some throwing up.Then there's some Mind Stone headcanon-ing, too. Nothing too wild.Enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Loki spots his brother among the debris in the desolate battlefield, and a warmth settles in his chest. A warmth which, apparently, has desperately been missing in there for the last five years.
Huh. So that's what that was.
Naturally, the feeling arrives in company with that ever-unavoidable anxiousness that prickles Loki's insides, these years, every time he's faced with the head of golden hair and piercing eyes (eye? Didn’t you only have one eye?). A gaze which had become increasingly and uncomfortably a little too knowing for his tastes, in the later time the two of them spent together.More so than ever, right now. A lot of emotion in those eyes (eye ... anyway). Thor stands a little away from a person on the ground leaning against some large break of a building (is that Stark?). More people are gathering around. A woman is speaking to the person, who is probably Stark, and Loki thinks he might have seen that strawberry blonde hair before. (Potts, that's it.) A kid is crying, and someone is holding him in their arms. In fact, a lot of people are crying. Loki decides that he probably could not have chosen a worse time than this one in which to appear.Then again, it isn't as if there is a lot of choice-in-the-matter as to time and place involved with escaping from the claws of Death herself. Thor isn't crying, Loki notices as his brother (once-brothers, anyway) draws back further as the others are closing in. That officer of theirs, the star-spangled one who, if a bit obnoxious, also has an admittedly appealing backside, walks up to Thor's side. Thor doesn't look at him. His eyes are fixed on his friend on the ground; by now dead friend, it seems likely to be. He's wearing a slight frown.The Captain surpasses him, putting a hand on someone's shoulder further ahead.Abruptly Loki's brother turns his back to the scene, walking away in the opposite direction. Still not crying, Loki notes, following him from the shadows and safe in the distance. Only that frown. It must be difficult, too: they ought to be celebrating, having defeated Thanos finally (they defeated Thanos) yet they must have lost many more than a single man. Evermore the paradox of war.Thor walks with steady steps. Knowing his brother Loki doesn't think he has any specific destination in mind. A new axe (which is beautiful, if very large) hangs limp in his hand. His back is straight, chin held high but gaze somewhere else. It is odd to see him like this, beside himself as Loki has never seen him before, as if many more than five mere years have passed. But then, of course, that was all rather to be expected.The changes in his appearance, Loki can't find in himself to deny: it's kind of a look. He loathes to admit it but though that mop of hair is for sure frustratingly neglected, it is ... well, his brother is an even more intimidating figure than usual. Not that Thor especially was lacking in that department but here they are.Loki looks back at the gathering of people over his shoulder. He's still a good thirty-five feet away from Thor himself, hidden partly by magic shrouding him and partly by just the fortunate effect of lingering debris and dust in the air - it isn't hard to not be noticed. The others are further yet and Loki, deeming now a good a time as ever, speeds up his pacing. He nears the figure from behind and diagonally to the right, dropping any residue of shrouding magic.His tongue feels heavy but he wills it to move. There is nothing to be scared of.Maybe twenty-five feet away and slowing down his step, he calls out. “Thor,” he goes for but his voice cracks and is but a croak from disuse, barely audible. He grimaces, clearing his throat. That thing still isn't working properly. Figures, since he only just got an actual, physical body back. He wonders if the bruising is as fresh as the injury feels because he hasn’t had the chance to look in a mirror yet - not that he particularly cares for that. But he imagines it doesn't look especially inviting.“Thor,” he calls again, voice carrying a little louder this time.His brother stops, shoulders drawing tense. He doesn't turn and Loki pauses his movement, waiting.Then Thor begins walking again.“Thor,” Loki calls again and can hear the slight waver in his own voice. He walks faster, a good twenty feet out to Thor's right side to make himself visible in the peripheral vision (which eye was lost again? Is the new one working or is it just for show?) if Thor won't turn, himself.Thor stops walking again and so does Loki, irritated with his own inability to just go to his brother
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
also more friendships that are less in focus :)

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Loki (Marvel) Lives
Dysfunctional Family
Angst
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Mental Instability
Eating Disorders
Brothers
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Depressive Thoughts
Suicidal Thoughts
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Author takes generous time-travel and magic liberties
Author makes questionable choices based on whims please enjoy
Complete
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
also more friendships that are less in focus :)

