Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony exhaled through his mouth trying to finally relax. He leant with his back against the front door of his thankfully quiet Malibu house trying to go some way to processing the last few days. The whole Afghanistan thing was only a few weeks ago. Then the suit and, Jesus, Obidiah, that prick. Telling the world mid-press conference about this new superhero identity against the advice of the Men in Black was the least of his concerns right now. But Agent Coulson didn’t seem to agree. Luckily for him, Pepper Potts was still apparently a magic worker and she’d gotten Tony out of that press conference with only minor tinnitus from all the questions that had been hurled his way.  Now that he’d made it home, he was just looking forward to a little alone time. His footsteps echoed comfortingly in the empty house as he crossed the entrance hall to the flight of curved steps that descended into the workshop below, discarding his suit jacket on a nearby sofa as he went. Now everyone knew about the Iron Man, maybe he was less likely to be shot out of the sky while he was doing his test flights. Or maybe it would be more, he’d yet to find out how Rhodey felt about the situation.  The touchpad beeped as he entered the code and the workshop door slid open with a soft hiss. He stepped through, pulling off his tie as he went then paused. He should really get changed before tinkering around. This was an expensive suit after all and- “Ah finally,” a smooth, unfamiliar voice sounding from the kitchen area of the workshop made him psychically flinch and turn abruptly, a scowl on his face.  A few feet away, a man was sat crosslegged on his countertop, at the start of the process of getting to his feet. His presence was curious enough on its own, were the guy not dressed as though he had come here straight from some strange convention that was half Star Trek and half medieval fayre. From what Tony could tell, his green, black, and gold outfit was made up of cotton, leather and what looked like it could be literal gold. Tony stood in fascinated stillness as the man stood from the counter, easing his shoulders back to a confident six foot two. The white lighting over his head exaggerated sharp, refined features and raven hair that was fashioned back over his head, flicking up ever so slightly at the base of his skull. The guy took a moment to readjust the light jacket he was wearing and brush down his trousers with his free hand, while the other held an open book, his thumb still in between the pages, rsaving a place. Once he was apparently satisfied with his appearance, he finally deigned to look at Tony with an expression that was almost bored.  “I presume you are the owner of this building?” the man asked, when Tony did not immediately react to his presence, “Or at the very least would be able to furnish me with some means of egress.”  Tony blinked a couple of times to make sure sleeplessness hadn’t caused hallucinations, but when the man remained defiantly present, he rubbed his eyes, and then threw his hands up with exasperation.  “So, I survive all this bullshit, just for them to send this Crow superfan,” he grumbled to himself and turned to where he kept the special whiskey in his desk. If he was gonna die he was going to do it drunk, “Coulson send you? I know he’s pissed about the whole Iron Man thing, but sending someone to break into my workshop to kill me seems a bit over the top. I mean I assume you are going to kill me. If you were gonna take something you wouldn’t still be here, skulking in my kitchen. Sorry if I kept you waiting. Enjoy that book?” A slight frown marred the man's otherwise smooth complexion. He glanced at the book, then around the room, then back to Tony, “I’m afraid I don’t know this Coulson you’re referring to and I certainly have no intention of doing you any harm. Forgive my rudeness, my name is Loki Odinson, Prince of Asgard.” The guy lifted his chin with obvious pride but it was deflated somewhat as Tony regarded him flatly, “Should’ve known the name would match the outfit,” he muttered and the guy - Loki - scowled and glanced down at himself, trying to find what Tony was talking about. Seeing that, Tony couldn’t help but smirk a little. Whoever Loki was – a prince was a bit of a stretch of the imagination – he clearly was not here to hurt him or else he would have done it already. He relaxed a little and his curiosity piqued. He flicked his eyebrows up and down then continued the journey to his whiskey, a little less concerned about turning his back on the guy now, “So, if you’re not gonna kill me, you gonna tell me what you do want.” Loki looked up at the question, though not without subtly attempting to readjust the lines of his outfit. He regarded Tony curiously for a moment before starting, “As I said, all I ask is that I may leave.”  Tony rose an eyebrow at him as he reached his desk, “Uh huh…Alright then, new question. How did you get in in the first place?”  L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Canon
During Canon
Missing Scene
Fluff
Developing Relationship
No Spoilers
FrostIron - Freeform
Iron Man 1
Post-Iron Man 1
Canon Universe
Fix-It of Sorts
Canon Rewrite
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Canon Timeline
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Secret Relationship
Strangers to lovers to enemies to friends to lovers again

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

