Work Text:
Tony awakens to the sound of soft voices, hushed but animated as they chatter away in excited whispers. He can’t quite make out what they’re saying but the noise is soothing and exhilarating all at once. He groans then as his body becomes more aware, feels the bone-deep aches and the stinging of skin as he shifts on the bed he is lying on. He feels the room go still around him and the voices immediately stop and he instantly misses them, feels such a sense of loss that he actually wants to cry until-''Mr Stark?''''Daddy?''The voices overlap each other and it’s the sweetest sound Tony has ever heard. He cracks open one eye, squinting slightly against the brightness, and then the other and lets out a gasp at the sight hovering above him. Morgan and Peter.Peter and Morgan.Together. His beautiful, amazing Morgan and his wonderful, remarkable Peter, staring at him with wide eyes and hopeful smiles. 
His kids.
Tony immediately surges up, ignoring the almost blistering burst of agony that shoots through his entire body and sweeps them both into a crushing hug, crying as he does so. Peter lets out a sob of his own and grips him just as tightly, pressing his face into Tony’s neck and breathing deeply while Morgan peppers his face with kisses and bounces in his arms. ''Daddy Daddy you’re okay you’re awake-''''Oh god,'' Tony chokes, running his fingers through their hair and rocking them from side to side, because this right here is what he’s been dreaming of for nearly five years, what he risked his very life for and it’s right here in his arms. ''Daddy, look! Peter is here, he came back, just like in your stories! He’s real!''Peter pulls back and he and Tony share a look, eyes blazing with emotions that just can’t be put into words and Tony presses a firm kiss to Peter’s forehead, hoping it conveys all the things he wants Peter to know, before resting his head against Peter’s hair, smiling through his tears at his daughter. ''Yeah, honey. Your big brother finally came home.''The door to his room flies open an hour later and pretty much fucking everyone is there and Tony can’t hold it together as he is swarmed and the joy is so palpable in the room that he can barely breathe. Strong familiar arms capture him in hugs and luminous grins are shared and happy laughter fills the air and there isn’t enough room really for everybody as they pile on him and shove against one another for space, but Tony will be damned if he lets a single one of them out of his sight for a long time to come.  ******** A few months after Tony wakes up, he and Pepper renew their vows. The woodland surrounding their cabin is turned into something out of a storybook; hundreds of twinkling fairy lights cast a magical glow into the summery darkness and the lake sparkles like there are diamonds hiding beneath the surface. Lanterns hang from trees and a trail of sunflowers leads the way from the door of the cabin to where Tony is waiting. Warm happy voices join with the gentle music that is playing as everybody waits for the bride to appear. The rows of white chairs that have been set out on either side of the aisle are filled with the faces of everyone who should have been there the first time and Tony feels such immense bliss at the sight of them all that he worries for a moment that he might fall over. ''Nervous?''Tony snorts at Rhodey.''Of what? We’re already married.''Rhodey grins at him. ''Yeah, you’re nervous.''Tony elbows him and they playfully push at each other before there’s a hush that has them both standing to attention, though Rhodey can’t resist one more dig into Tony’s ribs. Tony doesn’t notice as his eyes fix on the people walking towards him. Peter, dressed in a suit and an Iron Man red tie, walks towards him with one of the biggest smiles Tony has ever seen on the kid’s face. His hand is holding that of Morgan who is practically skipping with delight, her red and gold dress swishing around her bare feet as she goes. And then there’s Pepper, a vision so beautiful that Tony actually loses his breath for a moment before he grins at her, and she grins back just as brightly, her eyes dancing with cheekiness and merriment and pride and love and he can’t help but kiss her before any words can even be spoken, dipping her low to the ground and laughing against her sweet lips as everybody whistles and cheers.   ******** Tony makes building a guest house, a project that he started just before the wedding, his main focus and it isn’t long before there is another cabin by the lake. He builds it with enough rooms for everyone to sleep comfortably, though he supposes that some of the kids will have to share if everyone visits all at once. The place is rustic, homely and filled with his personal ‘Tony Stark’ touches and he surveys his work with pride, relishing the excitement he feels for when the others come to stay. Steve Rogers is the first guest and he claps Tony warmly on the back when Tony shows him the finished building. Sam and Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Nebula & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
SO MUCH FLUFF
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Father-Son Relationship
Father-Daughter Relationship
Friendship
Love
Light Angst
Bittersweet
Precious Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Slice of Life

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Nebula & Tony Stark

