Chapter 1: Penny For Your Thoughts
    




Chapter Text
 When Peter was seven, he collected pennies.Not quarters, not dimes, not even nickles. He had been insistent that his collection be for pennies only. And despite Uncle Ben’s various attempts at tainting his beautiful collection, not a single silver coin could be found in his dingy mason jar, crudely labeled ‘Peter Parker’s Pennies’ with half-smudged, half-dried out Crayola marker.It was his goal to save up enough pennies to buy himself and Ned LED Star Wars Lightsabers from Toys R Us. Was it odd? Absolutely. But there was something prideful about spending so much time saving up every little penny he came across for such a large purchase. A reminder that no matter how bleak life got, he could make the impossible happen.He spent the entire summer of 2008 working on his collection, picking up pennies he found on the street and subsequently causing Aunt May to carry hand sanitizer with her everywhere they went. His hands became cracked and dry from the frequent use of Purell, but his jar a little more full. And just like that, a lonely, sad orphaned kid mourning the loss of his parents found an odd sense of control in his life, something to look forward to each day. Even if it was only collecting a penny.“...ow.”Ultimately though, he caved, spending the entire $2.47 he had saved up on Iron Man ice cream bars. What could he say, the ice cream truck driver really knew how to make a sale. Ned tried telling him it was because of the ‘Keep calm and Iron on’ t-shirt he was wearing, but who really knows.He remembered dumping that entire mason jar of pennies out and being rewarded with a frightening looking Iron Man treat that tasted much better than it looked. That didn’t take a whole lot, what with the summer heat having melted half of the red coloring into the yellow and morphing what might have been the Iron Man faceplate into a ghastly green.Walking back to his neighborhood of Forest Hills in Queens, New York, he licked his fingers clean of the creamy residue left behind from the ice cream. It had an odd aftertaste of cherry with a surprising kick of metal. Copper. The counting of his change to the truck driver created a distinct, pungent taste that invaded his tongue, and he promptly wiped his hands clean on his pants, grimacing at the bitterness left behind.“...wha...ugh...”His mouth tasted like pennies.Peter ran his tongue across his bottom lip, momentarily cringing when it brushed against the open gash near the corner of his mouth. It stung. He didn’t know why it stung. He didn’t know…“..wha…?”He didn’t know what happened.With shaking hands, he laid an open palm against the ground, bracining himself. It was pressed flush against the wet cement, a puddle of rain dampening the fabric of his suit. His hand. That was his hand, right? It didn’t feel like his hand. Did he even have hands? Wait, of course he had hands. How else would he do…...hand...stuff.Peter groaned. That made no sense.This was important. Why was his head spinning? And why did his mouth taste like pennies? He needed to figure out what happened, and that meant getting to the bottom of this hands situation.Did he, or did he not have hands?With a breath deeper than he should have known was necessary — his entire body lifting upwards from such a dramatic inhale — Peter slapped his open palm against the ground for affirmation. It splashed a puddle of street water onto his face, and – ouch! – his lip stung even more now.Okay, at least he was getting somewhere. He had a mouth, he had lips. Right, that meant…It meant…Peter blinked. Again and again, eyelashes fluttering together. Suddenly, he found himself overly aware of how many times he was blinking. What was he saying? Something about blinking. How long was he supposed to go between blinks? Should he be blinking less? More? Maybe if he blinked more, his lip would hurt less. That made sense.Right?The onset of rapid blinking suddenly had him feeling incredibly, insanely nauseous. Like, the entire world just became one broken tilt-a-whirl sort of nauseous. His stomach cramped into a tight ball and a flood of saliva moistened his mouth and —“Ohhhh...” Peter moaned, closing his eyes tightly. “I’mgunnabesick.”With one fluid motion, he went to cover his mouth, hoping to keep his insides inside of him where they belonged. Unfortunately, by either instinct of lack of coherent thinking, he went to use the hand that had been propping him up from his unbeknownst prone position on the ground.“Shi—!”
SMACK!
His body hit the ground with a thud, his chest cracking at impact and stealing his breath away.Of course, not before he managed to projectile vomit first. Like a boss.A spew of sickness flew out from his mouth, a gurgle that ended with a wet, spluttered gasp the moment his chin bounced off the cold and damp ground. Each retch strained his muscles, bile trickling into the crevices of his neck while he heaved in that position, laying on his belly with his chin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter
Irondad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Head Injury
Concussions
Vomiting
Seizures
Fluff and Angst
Civil War Fix-It
it's really only in the narrative
Medical Jargon
Sensory Overload
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Protective Tony Stark
If Tony is Irondad then Pepper is Ironmom
and poor May just wants her nephew to live past high-school

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

