Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I'm not your parent!" For a moment everything and everyone froze around the compound. Steve nearly dropped his shield while Bruce was on the verge of changing back to hulk. The animalistic growl that tore from his mouth was unheard by any avengers before. The two gave a deadliest glare to their idiot friend Tony who dared to say these words to their youngest avenger. Even Clint had a worried look on his face wondering why in the world would Tony say something so harsh to a fifteen year old kidAll eyes were now fixed on PeterThe Spiderman... no scratch that... he didn't look like a superhero right now. He looked like a small boy lost in the middle of strangers. Peter's expression was one of horror mixed with despair, his jaw went slack and eyes widened in shock. His whole body was trembling and soon eyes stung with hot tears. It felt like he had swallowed a heavy rock as his throat bobbled up and down with emotions. Everyone could see Tony's comment had cut right through his heart. The avengers shifted their gaze on the IronmanTony looked really upset. The rage was clearly vibrating from his body, eyes narrowed and hands fisted. They all knew Tony was feeling miserable for past three days. The work load had increased causing him to snap at almost everyone in his staff, Happy included.The media people were breathing down his neck, monitoring his every move which annoyed him to no limits. On top of that Pepper had gone to her parents house for a week. Bruce and Steve tried to talk to him but gave up when Tony threatened to take away their roomsIt was record heat wave on the fourth day. Even with the airconditioners on, it felt like they were stuffed in oven. Tony had gone down to his workplace early morning without even eating his breakfast. He spend half of the day researching on god knows what but he didn't care. The genius just wanted to be left alone for a while. He was busy with his beakers and chemicals when FRIDAY alerted him about Peter saying the boy had pressed on the emergency button on his watchTony got up from the stool "Is he hurt?" he asked in concern"Peter's vitals are slightly elevated but other than that he is fine" replied FRIDAYTony frowned. If the kid was alright then why did he send a distress signal "Send me his location""Yes Boss" FRIDAY then answered in five seconds "Peter is in 24th park revenue street" "That's close to compound. What the hell is he up to now?" Tony sighed in frustration "Ask Happy to get the engine started. This better be good Parker"Apparently the boy was heading towards facility since he had holiday at school. He was three blocks away when suddenly he was surrounded by five paparazzi who started taking snaps even before he could protest. They began bombarding him with questions like how did he know about Spiderman and what was his connection with the Stark industries. Within minutes the area was crowded with people pointing and whispering about him. Feeling overwhelmed by the attention, Peter pressed on his watchTony arrived in ten minutes and quickly assessed the scene. He was furious at the media guys who were still hovering over the boy and not letting him go without answering their questions.Tony stormed his way through the crowd and stood protectively infront of Peter. He yelled at the reporters and warned if they continued to harass them, then they would loose their jobs.On the way to compound Tony didn't utter a single word. Peter tried to have a conversation in his own cheerful manner but his mentor choosed to give him a silent treatment. The teen followed Tony inside where he waved a hi to other avengers "What's up kid? Heard you had a little trouble" asked Bruce and Peter nodded "Yeah.. ah..I got surrounded by reporters on the way here. They weren't letting me go so I called Mr Stark" "Damn those paparazzi. Next time you call me. I'll teach them the real meaning of privacy" said Clint Peter smiled and started rambling in his usual self "Thanks Clint but I don't think that would be necessary. You guys should have seen Mr Stark yell at them" he laughed lightly "He was so amazing...he stood right infront of me okay.. just like a parent protecting their child from a mean teacher and..." Tony who had sealed his lips for last half an hour turned around and snapped at the boy "I'm not your parent!"   Peter sucked in a shaky breath and looked at his mentor, voice sounding like it was choked up on something solid. He bit his quivering lips, trying hard not to cry like baby infront of everyone "I.. I didn't mean it Mr Stark. I know you're not my...." Tony crossed the distance in two large steps and grabbed Peter's arm "You know nothing Peter! You can't even handle few reporters, how the hell are you planning to become a hero?"The room was filled with silence"I specifically told you to take a different route to compound. Did you listen to me?"Peter swallowed hard "But...""I always tell you to be careful and don't get hurt but you still gi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Heat Stroke
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Fainting
Father-Son Relationship
Angry Tony
Protective Avengers
Guilty Tony

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

