Work Text:
The first summer they spend together is mild and pleasant, a long season of constant joyous mating, making up for time wasted. The first fall is hectic and tumultuous with the rush to find a decent cave, and the move that followed. The first winter starts out beautifully, a few gentle snows, a warm hearth, and a satyr fixated on his beginning family.But by the tail-end of winter, it’s been snowing for ages and they’ve never had any visitors and he’s read all the books they have at least twice. Charles is bored.And fat. He’s very fat, and very bored, and both of those facts are very much Erik’s fault.He hefts himself up from the bedding, dislodging Erik’s leg.“Hmmph,” Erik murmurs, scarcely awake enough to say that much. Lucky bastard, Charles grumbles to himself. His own sleep is interrupted about seven times a night, always for the same reason, and he has to stand up on hooves that can barely hold his weight.  Erik doesn’t look like he’s about to topple over. Erik gets to sleep. Erik still has a waist—a ridiculous one at that. Charles spends about two seconds glaring at Erik’s back, the slim curve of his torso and the graceful length of his tail. Charles doesn't even think his own tail is there any longer. It's surely been consumed by blubber by now.Outside their den it's freezing, frost thick on the ground. He trots quickly behind the little rocky outcrop Erik marks every morning, and squats. It’s a struggle to bend down, every single time he needs to go. He’s not as limber as he was without the belly, and the thought irritates him. Pregnancy has made him adopt a waddling gait, and leaning back while walking in deference to the shift in his gravity has been torture on his spine. Shivering, Charles nuzzles deeper into the scarf he has twined over his neck, saturated with his and Erik’s scents. Not wanting a rear end full of slush, he gets up carefully, and stamps the snow off his hooves when he gets back to the den.Erik barely stirs when he returns, and Charles huffs, tossing an ear in annoyance. Now that his bladder’s empty, other needs have become more apparent. There’s more than enough food to last them the winter, but Charles is hungry for something he can’t eat.He wants Erik’s fist in him and he wants it now.His mate reacts automatically to him shuffling back to the nest, making space even though the bedding is large enough for four. Charles feels like he may be fat enough for two, so Erik’s foresight in a large nest is truly wonderful. He cuddles up to the satyr, pressing bodily up against him and burying his nose in Erik’s underarm where the musk is strong. One of his favorite positions to sleep in is laying with his head pillowed by Erik’s bicep, caged in by both scent and strong limbs, the kids between them and protected by both of their backs.“Erik,” he murmurs, nipping at his mate’s chin, fingers curling around the end of the satyr’s beard. Charles has more hair as a faun, but it’s softer, finer; more for insulating a body that moves less and less as pregnancy progresses. Satyrs have no need for thick, downy hair, but many choose to grow long beards by the time winter arrives and lop it off by spring. It all boils down to practicality. In spring the bucks run wild with rut and cross horns, and long beards prove to be more of a weakness than anything, allowing a satyr to be yanked around by the chin. There’s no such danger in the winter, when everyone is cooped up inside. It’s cold besides, and Charles finds that he likes how it looks, thick over Erik’s mouth and chin.“Erik,” he whines a little this time, his hand petting over the fur of the satyr’s chest. It’s the dead of the night, not that in winter it’s any different from the day, but his mate should be a little more sensitive to Charles’s needs than this. Charles nuzzles against the base of Erik’s neck with his cheeks, careful not to catch skin with his horns. His hand trails down past the satyr’s navel to where his cock is sheathed, limp and sleeping and deliciously warm in his hand.Erik stirs, then, with a stretch and a murmur and the slightest tilt of his hips toward Charles’s hands. When Charles glances up, though, he’s still very much asleep.Ridiculous, Charles thinks, it's not as if satyrs hibernate. He squeezes gently, reaches down to cup Erik’s heavy balls, brushing through the fur between his thighs. Erik's cock is thickening, and Charles shifts his bulk backward, wanting to watch. Even if a prick is completely superfluous to what Charles needs—he still loves it when Erik takes him that way, rutting like a buck in season even when his mate is enormous and long overdue, but lately Charles is always craving the stretch of a fist—it makes him wet, watching this. The sheath fills, tip dilating slowly wider until the blood-red length of Erik’s cock begins to emerge.Licking his lips, Charles pumps firmly, needing the sight of Erik’s full erection huge and bright against the dark of fur. And that, of course, is when he hears Erik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
charles - Relationship

freeform: 
Fauns & Satyrs
Pregnancy
Mpreg
Pregnant Sex
Hand Jobs
Scenting
Watersports
Tidbitting
Fisting
Lactation
Mating Bond
Sleepy Sex
Somnophilia
Biting
erotic birth
Kid Fic
Literal kids
Because baby goats are called kids
Your authors have a terrible sense of humor
Bad Puns
Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Childbirth
Goats are still kinky as fuck

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
charles - Relationship

