Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He’s suffocating.Bright lights. Distant sounds. Buzzing in his fingertips. His senses are conflicted – it’s too much input and not enough all at the same time. His heart is trying to tear itself out of his chest; simultaneously he feels it and doesn’t. It’s like he’s stepped outside of himself and someone else is telling him what he is experiencing while he tries to paint a mental picture of the information.There’s a sickening shade of sea foam green in front of him that looking at leaves him feeling nauseous and itchy. A distant voice is sourced somewhere among the green. He hears his name, the words “breathe” and “okay.”But he can’t breathe, and it’s not okay, because the world is ending around him. It’s already gone.He flexes his fingers, remembers that his hands are resting in his lap. They feel like they’re floating. He blinks a few times and looks to the side, away from the rocky ocean of color swirling in front of him, and his eyes latch onto the mahogany curve of an arm chair. He forces his diaphragm to lurch and feels the air pool in his lungs. His mind drifts down a few feet and reconnects with his body. Peter is in a private waiting room, having been led in here by this surgeon from his previous place in the general emergency waiting area. They’d come in here just a few minutes ago – too soon since the surgery had started. Peter had known what that meant long before the man had opened his mouth and said the words. He’d said they have people on site to help with this. Counselors, chaplains. Peter had shaken his head.“I know it’s hard, I’m so sorry.” Peter’s eyes dart back to find the face of the man in front of him, and his expression softens at Peter’s gaze. “Take your time.”Peter doesn’t want time. It’s a nightmare, every second that passes still in this room, trapped in the weight of this reality as it slowly settles in around him and solidifies in his mind. He doesn’t want to sit in it; he wants something else to happen. Anything. Anything other than this. He can’t quite speak, so finally he just looks back to the surgeon with parted lips and a pleading gaze. The surgeon seems to get it and doesn’t push him, instead just moves ahead calmly.“We looked into your aunt’s emergency contacts, but she didn’t have anyone listed that we can call.” No, she didn’t. She would have just had Ben and himself, and Ben is gone while Peter sits right here. “Is there anyone we can contact to be here with you?”Is there? Peter isn’t sure, but he does know that he doesn’t want anyone he knows to be woken on their Saturday morning to a call from a stranger at a hospital regarding himself. For whatever reason, it sounds embarrassing and unnecessary, and like one small thing he might be able to regain control of in this mess.“Um.” Peter winces at how strangled his voice comes out, loud in his ears. “Can- can I do it?”“Of course. I’ll step out to give you some privacy.”Peter nods numbly as the surgeon stands. A few parting words, another apology, a reassurance that he will be around and there are people right outside if he needs anything. Peter’s eyes can’t seem to move from the floor.He’s alone, and his phone is in his hands. Breathe, in and out. The inhale is so deep that it straightens Peter’s spine as his lungs shudder, but when he releases it his posture crumples again. He sniffs and fumbles with his phone, unlocking it with shaky fingers.Peter should be feeling something, he knows that at least, but the only thing there is a hollow emptiness. He needs someone here to help fill it back up.His thumbs are clumsy on the screen, and he can barely focus his eyes enough to see the names of his contacts. He doesn’t know who to call. Ned? His mom would drop everything in a heartbeat to come help, but he doesn’t want that. MJ? No. He has the number of his decathlon coach, but that doesn’t feel right either.His fingers know the answer and have selected the contact before his mind registers it. The call screen flashes, and Peter shudders on an exhale before lifting the phone to his ear. It rings twice, and then the muffled, grainy sound of AC/DC greets him. Tony’s voice speaks over it.“Hey kid, I was just thinking about you. I’ve got your shooter here, working on it right now.”Peter blinks at the patterns in the carpet, trying to think and figure out what the hell Tony is talking about. Then it comes back. The web shooter. It had been badly damaged in a recent patrol – God, was that just last night? – and Peter had swung by the tower and left it with him to fix. Tony is still talking.“It’ll take some time to finish, though. Probably be done tonight or tomorrow. But, anyway, what’s got you calling so early?”“Mr. Stark.” Peter’s voice is breaking and barely audible. It gets Tony’s attention immediately. The music on the other line stops, and Peter squeezes his eyes shut as he imagines Tony standing from his table in the lab.“Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Tony Stark
IronDad and SpiderSon
Crying
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Nightmares
Sensory Overload
The Avengers - Freeform
Because I don't feel like tagging them all indiviually
Anxiety
Headaches & Migraines

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

