Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text




Prologue
 Beware the song of the siren, lest she sing you to sleep.
 Think twice before you heed her call, she’ll lead you to the deep. Steve Rogers knew the lullaby before he knew himself, words sung low as he lay in his cradle, passed down from parents who had learned the rhyme when they themselves were small. Back and back and back. A hundred years. A thousand. The song was familiar to anyone who lived their life along the shore of Eascor. Wizened sailors and small children alike lived by the warning, cleaving to the old ways and paying respect where it was due. For they were not the masters of the frothing grey-green sea that swirled between the rocks, creating eddies and treacherous tides. The sea belonged to none but the sirens, and so for generations, the people who lived on the loam and took their living from the water heeded these words.Steve's father Joseph was one of these people. A sailor by trade, he had fallen in love with Steve's mother, Sarah, the daughter of the local carpenter, and handy with a rasp herself. They were married on a Tuesday and took up residence in Joseph's weather-beaten cottage, which lay along a cliffside overlooking the sea. Their humble but happy life was made all the better when Steve arrived scarcely a year after their vows.An inquisitive boy—sweet with a stubborn streak—Steve grew steadily. One, two, three, four years passed, until he was much too old for lullabies. Yet during those long days spent alone with his mother while Joseph was at sea, Steve sought comfort in her arms and in the familiar words of the song.“What is a siren, ma?” he asked one morning as they sat together, scanning the horizon, ever-watchful for his father’s ship.“Don’t you know?”“Only that she sings a song and makes you sleep.”Sarah smoothed an errant lock of hair from Steve’s forehead and hummed deep in her chest, just the way he liked. “Do you remember the mobile above your cradle?”“Yes,” he said, though at five years old, he didn’t like to be reminded of babyish things.“The carving of the woman with the tail of a fish. That’s a siren.”Steve furrowed his brow. “But why?”“Why what?”“Why is she a fish?”“Because she’s as the Fury made her.”“What’s the Fury?”“I—” she laughed, then kissed the top of his head. “Sometimes, starfish, I forget that you are very small, and that you don’t know all the things I know.”“Then I think you’d better tell me,” he replied, solemn as ever.“I suppose I’d better had,” Sarah said, holding him closer and reciting from memory the theological verses she’d learned as a girl—myths and legends of their own beginning. 
Before the world was the world, there was only the Fury. 

Lonely in the deep dark of the sky, without even a star for friendship, the Fury wailed and gnashed its teeth and in so doing tore itself into four parts. These children of the Fury were the Elementals, and in their creation so was the world begun. 

The first was the Loam, who lifted great rocks from the void and smoothed them to form the land. 

The second was Fire, who joined the Loam, bashing and crashing the rough shape of the world. Mapping the mountains with fists of molten flame.

The third was Wind, and when it saw what Loam and Fire had done, it blew in two directions, becoming the quick wind and the red.

Fourth and finally came Water, soothing the fire, covering much of the loam, and gentling the winds through its tides. 

And so it was that the world was created by the children of the Fury. 
 Steve listened carefully to his mother and found no answer among her verses. "That's not sirens," he said. "That's Lellementals."“There’s another bit,” she laughed. “Only I don’t remember the words exactly. I think the Fury returns…”“But he turned into pieces.”“I know, starfish, but it’s all a bit metaphorical and—”“That’s not sirens,” he sighed.“Steve,” she said, a smile on her lips. “It has been a very long time since I’ve been to a kirk, but if my memory holds, the next chapter says that sirens were created by the Fury as a gift to the Water. Same as fire forged the blacksmiths.”“Oh.” Steve frowned. “So sirens aren’t real?”“They’re real enough.”“How come I never saw one?”“Because nobody who sees a siren lives to tell the tale.”Steve’s tiny body tensed, blue eyes widening. “Why?”“It’s in the song,” she said, pressing her lips to his temple. “When sailors turn from the old customs, sirens sing songs that lure them close to where they lie in wait. The ships are lost, and those traitorous sailors? Well, the sirens eat them up.”She punctuated the last words with a tickle and a squeeze, making Steve squirm and scream with joy.“But!” he gasped. “Mama, surely they don’t eat them.”“That’s what the legends say.”“Mama—”“Such a skeptic,” Sarah said, feigning horror. “Don’t you believe me?”“Has Da ever seen a siren?”“No. But your father keeps to the old ways. Do you remember what that means?”Steve knew the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Riley/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Historical Fantasy
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Sirens
Slow Burn
Adventure & Romance
Canon-Typical Violence
Captivity
Escape
Language Barrier
Culture Shock
Explicit Sexual Content
POV Steve Rogers
Implied/Referenced Torture
Gaslighting
Circus
Art
Bathing/Washing
Sharing a Bed
Falling In Love
Hair Brushing
Hair Braiding
Tails
Biting
Domestic
Team as Family
chosen family
Past Character Death
Telepathy
Villain Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Riley/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Natasha Romanov

