Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
The New York skyline was breathtaking.
Harley had lived fifteen years on this planet, yet he’d only left Rose Hill twice in his life. Both times were owed to Tony Stark flying him out somewhere for the two of them to spend time together (though Tony came to visit much more than he’d taken Harley away). And now, today marked his third time leaving.
It was a bit more permanent this time.
After the seventeenth incident of Harley falling asleep in class yet answering questions and acing tests with unrivaled boredom, it had been Abbie to make the suggestion through a mouthful of mac and cheese:
“Why not go live in New York with Tony? He mentioned last week that one of his interns goes to a STEM school. I’m sure they’d take a nerd like you.”
He’d almost told her to shut up before their mom piped in, “Sounds like something you’d enjoy.”
She’d said it half-jokingly, but clearly she had been serious.
Harley stood at the edge of the penthouse at the top of Stark Tower, the living room to be precise, eyes wide and a grin on his face. Tony stood somewhere behind him, on the phone with Pepper about yet another meeting he’d neglected to attend. Whatever it was, Harley was too busy seeing how many buildings he could name, there wasn’t time to care.
He took a picture of the city on his phone, sending it to Abbie.
Harley turned his head to look back at Tony, who was no longer defending himself but rather smiling fondly as he spoke into the phone, “See Pep, this is why you’re the best soulmate anyone could ask for.”
“How dare!” Harley yelled, placing a hand over his heart, feigning offense. Tony raised an eyebrow at him. “Pepper is legit a goddess but title of best soulmate goes to my soulmate!”
“I’m gonna pretend you didn’t just say that, or else I’ll ship you back to Tennessee in a crate, capiche?”
Harley threw Tony his mischievous smirk, calling out, “FRIDAY, is he serious?”
“He is not, Sir Keener,” FRIDAY responded. 
Tony rolled his eyes, but it didn’t escape Harley that his the corner of his lip twitched as if holding back a smile. Harley smiled, turning back to look out at the city that was now officially his second home. Behind him, he heard Tony going back to talking to Pepper, something about complaining about ‘stupid egotistical teenagers’.
Harley really wished that one day, he’d have that kind of love with his own soulmate. He dug deep, opening the connection between them and smiling when he felt a hint of stress from his soulmate. It was the same feeling as when Abbie and he made something for dinner and they both mourned their stomachs because no way in hell were either of them good cooks— 
He thumbed his collarbone, closing his eyes when he felt a tug at his fingers as if his soulmate was holding his hand. There was an underlying question there, what has you so nervous? He wished he could tell his soulmate that he’d moved, that he was finally out in the world and perhaps one step closer to meeting them. But he couldn’t. That wasn’t how this worked.
Years later and he still wasn’t quite sure how it worked. They couldn’t hear each other’s voices, they didn’t get each other’s scars, and they certainly had no idea how they would recognize each other. Some days, their feelings were obvious, other days were more abstract. It was a unique soulbond, one that Google wasn’t giving him any answers on. 
Harley opened his eyes once again to look back out at Manhattan. He took his hand from his neck, placing both hands in the pockets of his hoodie and pursing his lips.
The bond felt stronger now that Harley was in New York. He couldn’t help but wonder if distance had something to do with it. If it did, maybe that meant he was closer to finding his soulmate.
He felt a tentative brush against his cheek, and Harley quickly cupped his own cheek and leaned against his hand. His soulmate got the message and he soon felt something like a thumb stroking his cheek. The little things like this had become more and more common. Harley was an affectionate person, and he thrived in this. The casual touches, the comforting hugs, fingers curled around wrists. 
He wouldn’t give it up for anything.
“Hey kid, go unpack.” Harley was jarred out of his thoughts as Tony clasped a hand on his shoulder, having snuck up behind him. “Dum-E doesn’t do organizing so that’s on you.”
“Genius billionaire playboy philanthropist and you can’t even make a robot to help unpack, old man?” Harley grinned.
“My playboy days are over, thank you very much. And for that ‘old man’ comment I’m not letting you in the lab until Wednesday.”
Harley mock-gasped, “That’s manipulation!”
Tony shook his head as he walks backwards away from Harley. “More like a delivery on an unsaid threat since you don’t have the chance to redeem yourself. Now beat it before Happy gets here for dinner. He’s already dealt with one smart-ass teen today, I doubt he wants to deal with another.”
Just as Harley was about to exit the room, he paused and looked at Tony
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Harley Keener's Sister
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
harley-centric
Fluff and Angst
I might look like I know what I’m doing
but i dont
no beta we die like men
Skip Westcott is His Own Warning
(he won’t appear but he’ll be addressed later on)
(there’ll be warnings before he’s discussed and that’s not happening for a while anyways)
Angst
Fluff
Humor
don’t trust me I don’t even trust myself
Mild Language
Bisexual Peter Parker
Gay Harley Keener
Mutual Pining
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Harley Keener's Sister
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener

