Chapter 1: First Date
    




Chapter Text

(This picks up directly following the end of Murderers and Thieves...)
 "So?" Tony said as the elevator doors closed. "At least tell me if we're walking or driving."Bucky leaned against the wall. "Um. Driving. I already-- I mean, I talked to your driver about it. If that's okay?"Tony didn't think he'd ever seen Bucky so flustered before. He planted his hands on either side of Bucky's shoulders and ducked a little to force Bucky to meet his eyes. "It's fine. What's up?"Bucky snorted out a little laugh and thunked his head back against the wall, closing his eyes. "Nothing. Just. Okay, a little nervous. I'm not exactly well-versed in modern entertainment, and planning a date for someone like you is... intimidating."Tony snorted. "Contrary to popular opinion, I am really easy to please on a date. I like movies with lots of action and explosions and extremely questionable science. I like cheeseburgers, even fast food. I like walking in the park. I like loud music. I like... You know the point is just to spend time together, right? It doesn't matter that much what we actually do, Bucky.""Uh-huh," Bucky said. He opened one eye and fixed Tony with an unimpressed glare. "Okay, hotshot, if you were planning it, what would we be doing?""Um..." Tony considered it. Dinner, obviously, maybe one of those places Pepper always used to-- No, bad idea, never take a date to a place your ex loved. Well, there was always Denario's; Bucky liked pizza, and Denario's made the best pizza, plus Tony could usually count on getting that table in the back with the great view. And then after? God, it had been too long since he'd dated. Some kind of show? Not a movie, that was beyond cliche. Something off-Broadway, maybe? Even that felt a little pat, though. Bucky needed something that wasn't too overwhelming, but he deserved something really special...Bucky was grinning. "See? Not as easy as you think."Tony harumphed, but mostly just felt amused. Also: curious. "Okay, okay. So where are we going? I promise I'll love it, no matter what.""Yeah?""Unless it's the ballet. If you have tickets for the ballet, I'm going to go back inside and make Natasha go with you instead.""It's not the ballet. Are we going to make this elevator move any time tonight?" Bucky was still grinning."Why is that my job?" Tony demanded. "Did you forget how to work the elevator?" But he pressed the button for the garage.Bucky wouldn't tell him where they were going even after they made it to the car. He just put his arm around Tony's shoulders and rubbed his face on Tony's hair like a cat and said, "We'll get there soon."Tony snuggled in against Bucky's side and watched their progress through the windows, but it wasn't long before he realized they weren't going anywhere that Tony actually knew. And how the hell had Bucky -- who'd only been out of the Tower a handful of times since Steve had brought him to New York -- found someplace that Tony didn't know?When the car stopped, Tony... still didn't know where they were. It looked like... a high school gymnasium. There were other small groups of people making their way toward the building. A lot of them looked like teenagers, and there were a few smaller kids mixed into the crowd. Tony craned his head around, but they'd been dropped off on the wrong side of the building for him to see if there was a marquee or sign.Bucky caught Tony looking. He just looked smug and offered his arm.Tony pretended to be more annoyed than intrigued, but wound his arm through Bucky's. "Okay, we're here now. Going to let me in on it?""Sure," Bucky said, as if he hadn't spent the last hour ignoring every such request. "There's a state competition for kids with an interest in robotics engineering." He nodded toward the door. "These are the finals."Tony pulled to a halt and spun Bucky around to face him directly. "You've brought me to an amateur battle-bot competition," he said. "For our first date."Bucky bit his lip and shifted his weight, his gaze flickering with sudden uncertainty. "Yes? Um. Bruce told me about it and helped set it up. But if you'd rather--"Tony put his hands on either side of Bucky's face and kissed him, ignoring the catcalls of passers-by. "That is," he breathed when they finally parted, "the best first date idea I have ever heard.""Yeah?""Absolutely. You are so getting lucky tonight." Tony grabbed Bucky's arm again and started pulling him toward the doors. "Come on, I want to find a good seat. There's at least one future SI intern in there and maybe an engineering scholarship or three. Plus, I bet ten dollars that I can pick the winner before they even start the competition."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dating
PTSD
Nightmares
Age Regression/De-Aging
Dancing
Shovel Talk
Minor Character Death
Avengers are good bros

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

