Chapter 1: tired
    


Summary:

Peter has not slept in days and is acting completely adorable and ridiculous, and it's both hilarious and slightly concerning for Tony.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It would have been god freaking hilarious if Tony wasn't slightly concerned."Kid, why are you chugging a Red Bull like it's your savior?" Tony asked, curiously watching Peter completely drain a can."My blood flows with Red Bull," Peter responded, chucking the empty can aside."And you're littering in my lab," Tony said, watching the can skid across the floor."Your face is littering."Tony bit his lip to smother a laugh. "You good, kid?""You know, I really like MJ," Peter said, looking up dreamily, completely bowling over Tony's question. "She can be rude but her eyes look like pots of honey and I just want to swim in them."Tony actually laughed this time. "Alright, are you high?""Hm? No, I'm like 5'7," Peter said like it was the most logical answer on the planet. Tony laughed again and face-palmed. "The last thing I can expect from you is being high.""Are you calling me short?" Peter exclaimed with an offended look over his face. "I'm almost as tall as you!""Oh my god, Peter," Tony snorted, wrapping an arm around Peter's shoulders. "Look at me for a second?"For some reason, Peter just laughed at that like it was the most hilarious thing on the planet. "I don't even know why I'm laughing!"Tony glanced at the Red Bull can and then back at Peter. "When was the last time you slept?""I dunno," Peter said with a shrug. "Five or somethin'.""Five days?" Tony asked."I think," Peter said, looking down to count his fingers. "It could be six.""How many Red Bulls have you chugged?" "I . . . don't . . . know?""Why the hell have you stayed awake for practically a week?"Peter looked up pensively. "I have a few exams that I need to study for plus a big project in like every class. Sleep is for the weak.""Okay, time for you to take a nap," Tony said, directing Peter to the elevator with an arm still around his shoulders. "You're taking after me, kid. It's unhealthy.""Noooo," Peter mumbled, pathetically trying to wiggle out from under Tony's arm. "I don't wanna.""Well we can't get everything we want, now can we?" Tony held him firmly under his arm the entire ride up the elevator. With anyone else, there would be no possible reasoning for this behavior other than drugs, but this was just Peter. He was just tired. Tony practically dragged Peter into his room at the compound and had to haul him into the bed. "But I have an exam," Peter tried to protest, but Tony pushed the front of his face onto the pillow with his hand."Nope. Face. Pillow. Now." Tony held his hand there, acting as some form of blindfold. Peter was quiet for a few seconds. "Can you lay with me?"Tony raised an eyebrow at that. "Uhh, sure. Move over."Peter shuffled to the side and Tony removed his hand and flopped onto the bed next to him, laying atop the covers since he didn't plan on staying that long. Peter's head immediately fell onto his shoulder as the kid snuggled up against him with a comforted sigh."So you want to be cuddled?""Who doesn't?" Peter replied sleepily.Tony smiled fondly and wrapped his arm around Peter and tugged him closer to his side, Peter sinking into the embrace instantly. "Is this what you do with Pepper?" Peter asked with another sigh."Sometimes," Tony said. "Depends on if I end up getting to bed in time to have the energy to.""And you do now?""I haven't been awake for five days straight, kiddo," Tony said, tapping Peter's shoulder twice with his index finger."It's not my fault," Peter mumbled. "Stop blaming me."Tony snorted. "Okay, kid. Sure."Peter cuddled up more to his side and Tony rolled onto his side to wrap both arms around Peter and have the kid's back against his chest. They'd only ever hugged a few times so this was a big step up. But Tony knew Peter loves physical affection and hugs and anything of the sort, and he found he didn't really mind it either."This is nice," Peter said with a sleepy sigh. Tony just smiled. "Go to sleep, Pete.""Mm," Peter mumbled. It was only about two minutes before Peter drifted off into dreamland. Tony continued to hold him affectionately, even though his arm was going numb under Peter's head. Eventually, he wriggled his arm carefully out from underneath Peter's head and quietly climbed off the bed. He looked down at the kid sleeping peacefully after staying awake for five days straight and almost chuckled. "FRIDAY, you were recording Peter acting like a doofus, right?" Tony asked the AI once he returned to the lab. "Of course, Boss.""Would you mind storing it in a new file?""What shall I name this file?""Spider-Kid," Tony responded."Adding," FRIDAY said. "Complete. New file titled Spider-Kid has been made.""Thanks, FRI," Tony said, smirking. If any other days were gonna be like today, Tony was quite excited to see what else Peter could pull out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
pure fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Cute Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Sleepy Cuddles
Sleepy Peter Parker
NOT STARKER - Freeform
ya friggin nasties
Domestic Fluff
Cuddling
Platonic Cuddling
Father-Son Relationship
Iron Dad
spider son
Iron dad and Spider son
Nightmares
Crying
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sickfic
Sick Peter Parker
Wisdom Teeth
Adorable
Birthdays
Insomnia
Sleep troubles
Bullying
Scared Peter Parker
Tony Stark Cries
Sick Tony Stark
Lots of cuddles
like dude there is so much cuddling
Scared Peter Parker again
more cuddles
Lonely Peter Parker
Separation Anxiety
kinda not really
Cheek Kisses
Dad!Tony
tiny bit of blood
Star Gazing
argument
Amends
Fever
Fever Dreams
lonely
Reunion
Completed

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

