Chapter 1: blow my whistle, baby (never letting you go)
    




Chapter Text
Darcy had barely taken three steps off the elevator when she heard the wolf-whistle.  She didn’t even look up from the files she was re-ordering when she told Tony (because who else could it possibly be?), “Not in a million years, Dolly Levi, you go your way and I’ll go mine.”  She kept on down the hall, heading towards Bruce’s lab since he was the one that was liasing with Dr. Richards, today.
Tony claimed that he could only handle that much smug on a once-monthly basis, Pepper had told Darcy that she wasn’t certain the reinforcements on the lab walls could handle the pressure from two such egos colliding with any regularity.  Bruce wasn’t really a fan of Richards, either, but he was willing to put up with the other man – mostly because he thought Sue Storm was charming.  Jane had refused to work with him, point-blank.
Apparently he had been one of her more vocal critics, Before Thor.
Darcy thought he was an asshole, but then again, she worked with a lot of people she thought were at least 1/10 asshole.  Richards was, simultaneously, one of the worst and best examples of the type: he wasn’t deliberately infuriating, insulting, and patronizing – that was just how he was wired.
Still, there was a pretty hefty betting pool riding on the probability that the whatever-it-was that gave the Four their powers had extended to his cock.  How else could you explain Susan Storm, a remarkable woman by anyone’s standards, and her continued devotion to such a jerk?
Bruce greeted her with a smile when she came in, whereas Richards didn’t even acknowledge her presence as she set the files down next to their workstation.  They were, apparently, working on replicating the special properties of the suits the Four had been wearing when they were…mutated.  Bruce was hoping they could come up with some sort of formula to create fabric for pants that would grow and shrink with him when he Hulked out.
(The bet on whether or not Little Bruce was Hulked had been resolved months ago, much to Darcy’s and (surprisingly) Thor’s monetary satisfaction.  Betty Ross was one damn lucky lady!)
The whole process probably would go more smoothly if Tony helped, but… re: egos.
“Need anything else, Bruce?”
“No, thank you, Darcy.  If you could check in with us in an hour or so to remind us to break for lunch…?”
She smiled at him.  “Consider it done, boss.”
“…and if you could check on Tony, soon?”
“On it!”
“Coffee?” Richards broke in, looking up at her, “Did you bring coffee?”
Darcy stared at him, “Dude.  This is a Stark lab.  There’s a coffee machine right behind you.”
He turned and looked at it, then back at her, a bit sheepish, “Oh, I didn’t notice, sorry…”
Darcy shook her head and shared a commiserating look with Bruce before she headed out.  Richards was a real piece of work: not an asshole on purpose, like Tony could be, for him it just seemed to come naturally.  Sue Storm was either a saint, or getting laid fantastically (pun completely intended) on the regular.
She was startled to see a person leaning up against the wall opposite the lab door, but a second look revealed that it was Johnny Storm, the super-flashy playboy of the Fantastic Four.  She’d never actually met him, but she’d heard him compared to the worst bits of Tony, Clint, and Bucky, so she was a bit leery.
He flashed her a smile (and yeah, okay, she could see the appeal: he looked like a down-and-dirty, slightly leaner, version of Captain America – and that was a damn good look) as she pushed the door open, pushing off from the wall and taking a few steps towards her so they met in the middle of the hall.
“I’m gonna be the man that wakes up next to you,” he half-stated, half-sang at her with a smirk.
Darcy stared at him.  “I really hate that song,” she said faintly.
He quirked an eyebrow at her, “I’ve never been the biggest Streisand fan.”
“So,” she started, still kind of reeling.
“So…?”
“Where’s your mark?  I mean, I thought the tabloids had seen all of you, unless,” Darcy’s eyes flicked down to his fly and then back up to his (smirking again, the fucker) face, and she could feel herself blushing.  Still, she had to ask, “Did I mark you somewhere they can’t show on TV?”
Johnny rolled his eyes, then made a show of sucking his index finger into his mouth, getting it very, very, um, wet.  Darcy gulped and watched, wide-eyed, as he half-twisted away, lifting his shirt and swiping his spit-damp finger across the small of his back, just above the hem of his jeans.  Black lettering was revealed along the path his finger had taken as the concealer was rubbed away.
“My mark on you…is a tramp stamp,” Darcy said slowly, savoring the words.  His smirk quickly became a scowl as the giggles started bubbling out of her because, that was freaking priceless!  She just could not stop laughing, not even when he crowded her up against a wall and started - unbuttoning her shirt?!
“So?  Where is it?” he asked, batting away 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
implied others

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Johnny is a little shit
Darcy likes him anyway
their love it is so full of snark
UST
Lots of UST
no really guys SO MUCH UST

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
implied others

