Chapter 1: it's probably a duck
    




Chapter Text

If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck…


-*-

 
Peter hates ducks with a passion.
 
Under the metal bracelet on his left wrist, his mark tingles. It's annoying.
Ever since he became Spider-Man, more people start random conversations with him, rambling about every topic under the sun. No one says 'Hello,' of course, that would be silly. Everyone got their own modified hello, no point wasting breath on such a mundane word before you find them.
Initiating talks is always stressful when anyone can be your potential soulmate. Even if the words are already etched upon the person's skin, Peter is still constantly afraid to say the wrong thing, to miss out just this one chance. This one person who'll have him just the way he is. What a catch – a cynical, penniless orphan who crawls around New-York in spandex on his spare time, with the social skills of a constipated cat.
He shoots out a web and propels himself forwards.
With enough quick turns and needless maneuvers, he can almost forget about the prickling patch of his skin.
 
Almost.
*
On the first day of Peter’s tenth year upon the earth, he wakes up anxious. He rises in a haste to pull his sleeve down and read the fresh mark upon his wrist.
After he starts crying, it doesn’t take Uncle Ben and Aunt May more than a minute to step into the room.
"What's wrong, Peter?" His aunt crouches in front of him with a worried look on her face.
"Is it a naughty word?" She asks, her voice soft and reassuring.
"You know it's not your fault if it is, Peter." She opens her arms as he throws himself against her, sobbing.
"Come on, little man," his uncle says, kneeling next to the pair. "It can't be that bad."
He gently picks Peter's wrist.
He purses his lips.
"Well, that's… that's unusual, but –"
"It's Obscure," Peter spits the word out between his sobs, while Aunt May pets his back soothingly. Even being Ordinary is better than being Obscure – having words which can't be interpreted as a definitive exclamation, question or answer. 
"It's not bad, as far as those things go –"
"It's says duck," he draws the word out miserably.
"Well, maybe your soulmate is an ornithologist?" his aunt suggests.
Peter looks up, confused.
"A what?"
"A bird expert, Peter!" She smiles down at him. "This already gives you a lead about them, doesn't it!" She looks at Peter's uncle with something in her eyes that Peter can't decipher.
"It's a great word. Isn't it,  sweetheart!"
"It's a great word," Uncle Ben confirms, smiling as he squeezes Peter's shoulder gently. "It's special! Just like you and your soulmate."
"Really?" Peter sniffs, clinging to their reassurance like a lifeline.
"Really. You know, not many people have a decent lead to find their soulmate, but you already have much more information than I had with an Answer. And we found each other anyway." His uncle and aunt share a smile, and their matching bracelets glint on their left wrists, full of an unspoken promise.
 
So Peter tries.
He tries really, really hard.
 
They go bird watching. They go to the park to feed the ducks every other Sunday, after church. They go to the zoo.
No one tells him anything particular about ducks.
He watches them as they trudge around after bread crumbs, lacking grace or any sort of balance. Their eyes are vacant of any emotion or thought as they demand more food from him with their awful, shrilling cough. Next to him, Uncle Ben chuckles.
Stupid birds, Peter thinks, and throws the bread a bit more aggressively against the ground. One of the ducks quacks in distress as Peter hits her on the head, and Peter's satisfaction is only dampened by his uncle's disapproving stare.
He atones by giving the duck a few of the fresher bread crumbs.
"That doesn't change anything between us," he mutters to her as he hands her another piece of bread. The duck makes sure to bite his fingertips as she snatches it.
Ungrateful useless third of a turducken.
 
At home, he joins his aunt when she asks him to watch her silly rom-coms with her. He makes a big deal out of it each time, rolling his eyes as the pair meet – as their lives slide perfectly together, like two jagged puzzle pieces, against all the odds the script writers could've thrown in their way.
His wrist itches and his heart clenches at every cliché – a spy who is paired with his interrogator, a bank robber paired with one of the hostages, two lawyers from rivaling firms – the film industry thrives on those dramatic conflicts. They enjoy exaggerating the situation to the extreme – and still Peter finds himself captivated each and every time. The Obscure characters are always his favorites, and he feels his heart flutter with each close up on the actor's face, when they realise they’ve found their soulmate.
Even though it's stupid and fake, it helps him hope.  
 
It's a gloomy Monday spent in Mary-Jane's room, when she quietly admits to Peter she's one of them. Ordinary. The people whose wrists
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Canon-Typical Violence
Self-Mutilation
Past Child Abuse
Mental Health Issues
Ableism
Minor Character Death
Age Difference
Podfic Available
Translation Available
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
Translation in Vietnamese

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man

