Work Text:

One.
"Which leads us to believe at this juncture we’d only like to use you as a consultant." Fury stated with a hint of condescension that was just enough to sting but could be passed off as a misunderstanding if pressed.Tony stared at the file, the few sentences that had summed up his personality and declared him lacking. Indignation buzzed in his veins and he was sorely tempted to throw the folder in Fury's face and leave, maybe even slam the door for good measure, but he stayed in the uncomfortable office chair.Something was off.The way that Fury had chosen for this conversation, piquing Tony's interest in the Avengers Initiative only to snatch it away by revealing how little SHIELD thought of him then offering him the consulting position like a consolation prize to a sore loser. Fury could have easily rearranged the sequence in an order less likely to put Tony immediately on the defensive.Fury was too much of a veteran to make a rookie mistake; this was deliberate.A test, then, to see if Tony really was as compulsive as Natasha's assessment claimed. He would be a fool to lose this little mind game by proving them right but it didn't mean he couldn't have a little fun first, at their expense, of course.Tony stood, slightly annoyed that the change in position only put him at eye-level with Fury who was perched on the edge of the desk. Height had never been one of Tony's many advantages. Silently, he held out his hand and made sure it was a bit too far into Fury's personal space.Disbelief flickered in Fury's eye as he was forced to lean back to accept the handshake.Tony felt a thrill of pride at surprising a master spy and a wave of irritation at how they had underestimated him. Again. He clasped his other hand on top of Fury's, a gesture that contradicted the smug smile and casual dismissal. "You can't afford me." As he turned to leave, he caught a glimpse of Fury's shocked profile and inwardly crowed. "Then again." He pivoted on his heel. "I will waive my customary retainer in exchange for a small favor. Rhodey and I are being honored in Washington and we need a presenter.""I'll see what I can do." Fury conceded with a small nod and Tony inwardly crowed with victory.*"The Sokovia Accords." Ross announced. "Approved by one hundred and seventeen countries, it states that the Avengers shall no longer be a private organization. Instead, they'll operate under the supervision of a United Nations panel, only when and if that panel deems it necessary." His drawl was as infuriating as ever.And just as effective too, Tony noted from his position in the back of the room. One by one, his teammates' postures stiffened, shoulders either hunched forward or pulled back in a defensive ripple that foretold the brewing argument."The Avengers were formed to make the world a safer place. I feel we've done that." Steve pointed out, sounding perfectly logical and missing the point at the same time.Ross peered down at Steve, his tone gentle and patronizing as if speaking to a child. "Tell me, Captain, do you know where Thor and Banner are right now?"Steve's silence was answer enough."If I misplaced a couple of thirty megaton nukes..." Ross paused meaningfully. "You can bet there'd be consequences."Tony chewed the inside of his cheek, biting down on the hysterical laugh bubbling in his throat. He had become part of another system with zero accountability again. Only this time, he was a consultant, a position he had accepted because...With a crushing clarity, Tony remembered his conversation with Fury six years ago and realized Fury had actually ducked his head to hide a smile.
 

Two. 
"Stark, you know that's a one-way trip?" Steve's voice drifted through the suit's audio system, nowhere as booming and hostile as it had been on the helicarrier but it still carried the same sour note of doubt.
I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. Yeah, I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.
Tony bit back the sarcastic retort and adjusted his thrusters to accommodate the boost of speed from the nuclear missile clutched in his gauntleted hands. "Save the rest for return, Jay.""Sir. Shall I call Ms. Potts?"Pepper's photo flashed on the display and Tony wished that he had one of her real smile, eyes crinkling and teeth showing, instead of the standard Stark Industries staff picture with her lips politely curved.The same expression Aunt Peggy had affected whenever cameras flashed at Stark functions or whenever the topic of Captain America was brought up. Steve had been on the phone with her when he crashed the Valkyrie into the Arctic, their last exchange an empty promise that provided little comfort. If Tony were a better man, he would want to spare Pepper the heartbreak and go it alone. "You might as well."No answer. At least the universe was looking out for her.The wormhole loomed before h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
First Impressions
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
5+1
Marvel Trumps Hate 2018

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

