Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Becca Barnes is eight years old, and her big brother can do no wrong.Ruth, her eldest sister, has always been an extension of her mother, nagging her to do her chores and her homework; Sally, who is six years older than her, is a rival, someone to argue with. Bucky, on the other hand, has a soft spot for her,and indulges her.He dresses like a movie star, and when he takes her out for a soda she feels like Greta Garbo. She tries to drink her soda mysteriously, with a raised eyebrow. For some reason this makes Bucky laugh.“What’s so funny?”“Nothin’.” He stifles a grin and tries to look serious. “You know Mom and Sally are going to the country?”“I ain’t dumb and I was listening.”“I was gonna offer- if you wanted to come live with me’n Steve.”She had known that her mom was looking for somewhere for Becca to stay while she and Sally went to the country (Sally’s lungs were bad, and they were going to stay with some vague relative out where the air was clear - a vague relative that didn’t have space for Becca). But she had also overheard what her mom had said to Ruth about Bucky moving in with Steve - that Steve would always be sickly, would end up relying on Bucky, and what if Steve had TB like his mom?“Shouldn’t Steve be going out to the country for his health too?”Bucky huffs a disapproving sound. “Yeah, if he had any spare money, could take the time off, and he wasn’t the most stubborn guy in the world. So he ain’t. And he ain’t got TB either, before you say he’s infectious.”“I could stay home.”“When Dad spends three weeks at a time away? That ain’t happening.”“I could go with him.”“Pack you up with the rest of the stuff he sells and stick you in the back of the car? Nice try at avoiding going to school, Becca, but that ain’t gonna wash either. And you can’t go sleep under Ruth’s bed at the Nurses’ Home either. Or run away and join the Navy.”She likes the idea of living with her brother and Steve. Steve may not be glamorous like her brother, but he’s in art school which automatically makes him more interesting than most adults she knows. He’s clever and kind and draws like she wishes she could.Her mom is less enthusiastic about the idea when Bucky offers, and tries to find somewhere else for her to stay, but no one has the space. She reluctantly accepts, but doesn’t stop fussing right up to the point that she and Sally are about to leave.“Just because you’re living with your brother, it doesn’t mean you can start being… un-ladylike.”“Yes, Mom.” There’s still a splinter in the palm of her hand from climbing a tree that afternoon.“We’re a Respectable family, Rebecca.” You could always hear the capital letter when her mom or dad said Respectable. It was important to be Respectable. “And it’s not quite right, you living with your brother and a man you’re not even related to. So you’re going to be extra good, young lady. You’re going to show everyone that. Church every Sunday, without fail-”She makes a face, “Mom, Steve’s never gonna let me skip church.”“It’s ‘going to’ not ‘gonna’. And you’re going to have a clean face, and clean hands, and clean socks every day-”Bucky appears in the doorway of the kitchen, holding a pair of battered suitcases. “And I’ll make sure we walk her every day, and we’ll get flea powder from the veterinarian as well.”“James Buchanan Barnes-” But her mom is suppressing a smile.Sally has her arms folded, “This ain’t fair-”“It isn’t fair,” corrects her mom.“Yeah, it ain’t. I don’t wanna go-”“You heard what the doctors said, Sally.” Her mom sighs. “A few months. Let your chest heal properly. I don’t much like the idea of the country either, but I want you to be well.”Bucky smiles, “You write us and tell us anything you can’t get out there, and we’ll send it.”Sally is still scowling, “If they even have mail in the country. Or anything else. No movie theaters either. Bet they’ve never even heard of Errol Flynn.”Bucky cracks a wide grin and says, “Might have a hard time getting Mr Flynn in a package for you.”Sally’s scowl softens only slightly. “But you’d try, yeah?”“Maybe for your birthday. Gotta cost a lot to mail a guy that size.”She hugs Sally tight before they leave. She’d like to have Sally out of her hair for a couple of weeks, but not months. Her mom hugs her so tight that it’s difficult to breathe.When she arrives at Bucky and Steve’s apartment, she’s surprised to be shown to the second bedroom - she’d assumed she’d be sleeping on the couch cushions, like she always does at home when there are relatives who need the bed.“Don’t Steve need someplace- ” she begins, but Bucky makes a dismissive gesture.“He’s tiny and I’ve got a big bed.”“Also not deaf!” Steve yells from the kitchen, and Bucky grins.“Didn’t want to have to tiptoe around you if I had work early in the morning. And Steve snores so loud it don’t make a difference whether you’re in the same room or not.”“Still not deaf,” yells Steve.“Yeah, but I might be if you start snoring in my ear tonight,” Bucky y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Original Character Death(s)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

