Chapter 1: Prologue - Wake in the Morning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I…am…Iron Man.”Tony snapped his fingers, knowing the cost, knowing it was the last thing he’d ever do with his life, holding one single thought, one directive like a lifeline and pushing it at the stones: Protect them all, keep the universe safe from Thanos and his army. His insistence was as desperate as it was emphatic, throwing all his mental fortitude at the stones and praying, wishing, dreaming that it would be enough. And when the alien army started crumbling to dust, dissolving to pieces in front of his eyes, he didn’t feel gleeful but instead felt merely wearily relieved.The purple grape was the last to go, and with him went the last of Tony’s stamina. He crumpled as the stones’ energy consumed him, feeling his insides begin to blacken and curl up as the stones tried to integrate with his poor battered, broken mortal body. Morgan, he thought desperately. Harley. Peter. His children, his sons and daughter who he didn’t want to leave behind. At least he could leave them a world that wouldn’t be threatened by Thanos or, if his teammates had any sense, the infinity stones.“Mr. Stark?” As though conjured by his thoughts, Tony heard Peter’s voice, the boy’s face lowering so that it hovered in front of his own. Tony tried to focus in on him, wanting to respond, to reassure, to even just see his kid one last time, but his vision was blurring and his tongue couldn’t find the words. “Mr. Stark, we won,” Peter said desperately, his voice coming from further and further away. “We won, Mr. Stark. Please – please don’t go. I’m sorry.” And Tony wanted to respond so badly, but his head was swimming, his vision darkening, and he couldn’t – he couldn’t – And then she was there, his beautiful firebird, his own personal phoenix, his Pepper who had been with him through every moment of Iron Man’s progression, who had told him once that he was going to kill himself trying to be a hero, who had told him to go be a hero (this one last time, they’d both known, though they would never have admitted they knew he wouldn’t be coming back) because she knew he wouldn’t be able to rest if he didn’t. “FRIDAY?” she prompted without looking away from her dying husband's eyes.“Life functions critical,” FRIDAY responded, distraught but trusting that Pepper would come up with something, anything to fix this. It was what Pepper did – she put him back together, she patched him up and made him as whole as he could ever be. But not this time. Not this time, FRIDAY.And Pepper knew it, too, because she smiled at him, gently, so gently. “Tony, look at me,” she said, her voice soft, and he tried, head lolling her way and eyes locking onto her, willing her to be the last thing he ever saw. “We’re going to be okay. You can rest now.”Rest. Rest sounded good. “Get up, Stark, you sleep too much. You said you would teach me paper football.”Tony’s eyes snapped open. No. No. Had it all been a dream? Had he just dreamed up five years – five years - of an idyllic life, complete with a beautiful, wonderful daughter? He pushed himself up, looking around; he was on the Milano – he was on the fucking Milano, and either this was a really weird version of hell or everything had been a dream. Or, a little voice whispered, he’d done something horribly, horribly wrong with the infinity stones. Oh god, let it all have been a dream. He’d never be able to live with himself if he’d erased his sweet daughter, his relationship with Pepper, the happy endings the entire rest of the worlds got when he snapped his fingers.But when the next two days on the ship passed exactly as he remembered, complete with Captain Marvel appearing in her brilliant stream of blue-and-red-and-gold light to steer them home, that hope became more and more distant.Although, there had been some oddities over those days as well. Like a bunch of ‘memories’ popping up that differed vastly from Tony’s own – memories of things that happened before Titan. Sometimes way before. Like a memory of retiring completely from the Avengers after Ultron amidst the other Avengers’ suspicion and distrust. Like a memory of him and Pepper getting married surrounded by all their friends and her family – family that had been dusted in his true memories. Like a memory of raising Morgan in Stark Tower with Peter popping in periodically after Tony had figured out Spider-Man was just an extremely smart kid and had dropped in to give him gear and a stern lecture on keeping himself safe. Like a memory of kissing Pepper and hugging his daughter before putting on the suit for the first time in three years when aliens appeared in New York again, of racing after a wizard without any backup, of successfully keeping Peter off the giant circular spaceship this time.They were memories, but they weren’t his, and his memories weren’t real.It was enough to give him a headache, and he was equal parts 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Nebula & Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Endgame
Post-Endgame
Endgame fix it
Fix-It
Time Travel
sort of???
Alternate Universe
Infinity Gems
Mind fuckery
the logic behind this makes like zero actual sense I'm sure
but honestly it makes about as much sense as anything else in this universe I guess
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
BAMF Tony Stark
iron dad strikes again
seriously tony stop adopting everyone
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
the author does what the fuck she wants
i will make everything better dammit

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Nebula & Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

