Chapter 1: Italian Game
    




Chapter Text

Prompt: Brock, Darcy, & a chess game for it'sjaili
 
octopus

A strongly positioned knight in enemy territory. A knight on e6 reaches out in eight directions, like the eight tentacles of an octopus.
 “I’m not playing chess with you, mate,” Jack Rollins said out loud. Rumlow snickered.“Afraid I’ll beat you again?” the other agent said. They were stuck in a remote Norwegian lab guarding Jane Foster and her assistant. Now that they were finished with their HYDRA undercover work for Fury after the fall of SHIELD, Fury had given them what was considered a plum assignment. Of course, Fury had also warned them to lay low, considering the number of real HYDRA who wanted them dead.“I’m sick of being cooped up indoors,” Jack grumbled.“I thought you were happy that you could be Australian again?” Brock said. Jack’s inability to master a solid American accent had meant that he’d been a rather silent and sullen triple agent. He’d grunted and frowned a lot. Only Brock knew that was because his vowels were all FUBAR. “Come on, Steve Irwin, play some chess with me,” Brock said. In the months after Triskelion–while he waited for Helen Cho to come patch up his burns with her Cradle–Rumlow had become obsessively fixated on chess. He couldn’t do anything physical and online chess meant that he didn’t have to see people’s winces when they looked at his battered skin and face.“I’ll play,” a female voice said. Foster’s assistant, the one with the iPod fixation who’d sent Phil all those emails after New Mexico, was standing in the doorway.“You’ll play?” Brock said, raising an eyebrow in challenge.“I’ll win,” Darcy said, catching his skepticism. She took off her heavy coat and scarf.Rumlow was good at chess. He thought she would lose within a few moves. Most people did. She didn’t. “Did you think I would go down easily, Rumlow?” Darcy said. He felt himself flush a little. Was she trying to rattle him by being provocative? He’d caught the way she leaned forward whenever she moved a piece, revealing the edge of her bra, or the way she nibbled at her lips, and touched her hair. He tapped his foot as she considered her next move. “Agitated?” Darcy said.“No,” he said. So what if it felt like years since he’d had sex. She couldn’t know, just by looking at him…“Sure,” she said.“Knight to E6,” she said, moving her knight into his territory.“You’re going to lose, Lewis,” he said.“You keep thinking that,” Darcy told him.She won. He was sitting there, baffled and blinking, when she smirked at him. “Chess blindness?” she prompted. “I would have thought you’d recognize a knight in octopus, too.”“Shit,” he said. She stood up and got her scarf. “Two out of three?” he offered.“Nope,” she said. “I have new plans.”“Oh,” he said, disappointed.“It’s a date actually,” she said.“Yeah,” he said, sighing.“Are you just going to sit there or are we going to dinner?” Darcy said.“Huh?” he said.“We’re dating now, catch up, chess genius,” she said.“Oh–oh,” he said, looking at her.“For a chess guy, you don’t have a smooth game,” she teased.“I’ve got a pretty good opening move,” he said, grinning slowly and raking his eyes over her body. “You ever see a good Italian Game?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Tumblr Prompts

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

