Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Stevie would you stop starin’? He’s gonna call the police if you keep this up,” Bucky says drawing Stevie’s eyes back to his husband and partner in crime.Literally.“Sorry Buck. It’s just that we’ve been laying low for two weeks and I haven’t had the chance to see him in forever and we’re leaving for our trip tonight so I won’t be able to see him again for another two weeks,” Steve says staring over at the mechanic’s garage in the hopes of catching sight of the pretty mechanic that works there. “I know how much you like making eyes at him. But can you at least try to show me some attention before this trip ends up being all things I want and none of what you want? I mean he does have an ass that is out of this world, but you’ll be driven out of your mind if all I plan is fishing,” Bucky asks and Steve blushes and nods his head.He’s able to give Bucky his attention for ten minutes, a new record where the mechanic is involved, before his eyes are shifting back to watch the front of the shop.“Come on,” Bucky says and stands before paying their bill.“Where are we going?” Steve asks as they leave the cafe and start making their way across the street towards the mechanic shop.“To go see if your little crush is here,” Bucky says and leads Steve into the shop. “Hi, can I help you?” a young brunette boy says looking up from a laptop.“We’re looking for the guy that works here, short with salt and pepper hair?” Steve says and the kid perks up.“You mean Mr. Stark! He went on vacation two weeks ago. He won’t be back for another couple of days,” the kid says and Steve falls quiet and pouts.“Come on baby. Let’s head up to the cabin. He’ll be back around the time we will and you can talk to him then,” Bucky says Steve gets into their car and Bucky starts driving to their cabin.“Would you stop pouting?” Bucky says resting his hand on Steve’s knee. When Steve doesn’t stop Bucky slides his hand up to cup Steve through his pants and the blonde gasps and and he shakes his head and tries to act like he’s not reacting to Bucky’s game.“You are not going to cum understand Stevie. I have a surprise up at the cabin,” Bucky says and presses the heel of his hand against the zip and grinds it against Steve’s cock. That gets a reaction out of the other man and by the time they have made their way to the cabin he’s a shuddering mess and the car seat is wet with the sheer volume of pre-cum Steve was producing as they drove up.“Now...should I give you a ruined orgasm? Bet your dick would look so good twitching in my hand as it is denied,” Bucky says with a grin.“I ain’t one of the whores at our club Bucky. You do that to me and I won’t bed and cry pretty for you. I will cut your dick off,” Steve says and helps him with the suitcases which they leave by the door and collapse on the couch.“God you are so wet,” Bucky says glad he had made Steve where wear pants. The precum allowing him to see everything his husband has under them. “Are you going to do something about it?” Steve asks wagging an eyebrow and Bucky grins.“Me? No, I’m tired from driving up here. But I do think your little surprise should be enough to help with your problem,” Bucky says jacking Steve’s cock a couple of times before pulling away to get him turned on even more.“What’s the surprise?” Steve asks moaning as Bucky makes Steve spread his legs wide on the couch.“You close?” Bucky asks.“Y...yeah Buck so close. I’m gonna blow if you don’t do something to me right now,” Steve whines and Bucky edges him again and Steve is practically vibrating with anger and sexual frustration.“Good. It’ll mean you will be absolutely brutal when you play with your gift. I’m glad. It was made to be used rough. Come on out Antonia! Let Master show Daddy his gift!” Bucky calls out and Steve’s eyes lock on movement down the hall.Steve nearly cums on the spot when he realizes that Tony Stark, his sexy little mechanic, is on the floor in nothing but makeup, a collar, handcuffs, and a pair of sexy lace pink panties that show his cute little caged cock through them.“Oh my,” Steve breathes out as the man settles up on his knees, arms locked behind his back, and looks up at Steve between Steve’s legs. Bucky smiles and edges Steve again mere inches from the bound captive’s face.“Stevie, meet Antonia. She’s your surprise,” Bucky says.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Hurt Tony Stark
Rape/Non-con Elements
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Criminals
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Edgeplay
Dirty Talk
Hand Jobs
Handcuffs
Pink Panties
Panty Kink
Cock Cages
Kneeling
Forced Feminization
Feminization
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Makeup
Dry Humping
Fucking Machines
Face-Fucking
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Nipple Piercings
Sounding
Nipple Play
Come Marking
Tattoos
Marking
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Behavior
Gags
Public Sex
Public Nudity
Public Humiliation
Public Hand Jobs
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Skull Fucking
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Master/Slave
Daddy Kink
Rough Oral Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

