Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I told you, it doesn't work like that!" Hulky-Banner's right arm had been immobilized with a sling hanging around his neck. Therefore, it was his left that rubbed the bridge of his nose. He then waved it dismissively as if all was said on the matter and the conversation over. Nope. Peter was nowhere near done.Someone had organized this room at Metro General hospital for them to sit and talk. Sitting was not an option for Peter though. He couldn't bear to sit. He couldn't bear to have anyone look at his injuries either, not when there were more pressing matters to attend to."You said that whatever we do in the past will not change our present!" Peter's fist hit the table with a crash. They simply weren't listening. His face felt grimy and tight in places where the dirt from the battlefield stuck to the tears he had cried over Mr. Stark's body. Maybe he should have thought of washing the traces off his face before confronting a few of the Avengers and Doctor Strange. It might have made him seem a little more collected. A little more rational. "That's what you just said!""Yes, yes that's true-""Then let's go get him! We can just use some particles, go to 2012 or 1970 where Mr. Stark is running around already wearing the quantum suit and… and we just bring him here. Hell, let's pick any time, Thanos didn't even need a suit to travel. Neither did Gamora or Nebula after her fake copy took hers.""That's not how it works, kid!" Rogers stepped closer to him, his hand reaching for Peter's shoulder. He sidestepped him before the Captain could touch him and turned to face him."Oh, shut up, Rogers. Like you of all people understand how it works!" Peter's voice was vibrating with anger. Why in the world were his mentor's supposed teammates so set against giving Mr. Stark a second chance? He had risked everything for everyone else. Again. And this time lost it all. His fiancé. His future. His life."It's not what Tony would have wanted.""Again, Captain. Like you of all people would know what Mr. Stark wanted!""I've known him for quite a bit longer than you have, kid!" Rogers visibly pulled himself together. He fought to keep his expression calm, but Peter wasn't looking for calm. He would escalate this situation without a second thought to stand up for Mr. Stark."That means nothing! Last time I checked, Mr. Stark wouldn't have trusted you to tell him the truth about whether it's raining outside, let alone with what he would have wanted!""Hey now..." Hulky-Banner stepped closer to Peter, arms spread out. But Peter had no interest in being conciliated."There's really no need for this tone, boy," Rogers intervened. "I understand that this is difficult for you to grasp at this point, but a lot has happened while you weren't here. Things between us had changed."Peter's eyes were fixed on the Captain. His pulse was racing. Was Rogers really that naive? Did he not know Mr. Stark at all? He let out a humorless laugh."He might have tried to move on or even told you, that he was over it and that what happened... what you did was in the past... for his sake. But he would have never trusted you with anything important... with anything that mattered to him! Never!"Rogers' hands balled up into fists. A red flush was creeping across his face. Hulky-Banner had stepped between them, but the Captain towered behind him, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Oh, Peter would get him to snap. He would poke him as often as Rogers would need it to lose his cool. He would get the satisfaction to... punch him in his perfect teeth.There was a sting deep in his heart, real physical pain caused by the mere thought of Mr. Stark's voice, their banter in the lab, just being around him. He took a step back from Banner, a shiver running through him. He couldn't cry now. Not again. They'd never take him seriously if he would cry.Peter tried to control his heart rate, took a few deep breaths. Mastering his anxiety and the stress of the situation. Just like Mr. Stark had taught— Urgh, nope. He couldn't think about that right now! His mind was racing. He needed to convince them. He needed their help to bring Mr. Stark back. There was no way that he could figure this out on his own."They are right, Peter. Time is a difficult construct. There are rules that have to be followed and when we break them, we might make a mess. An enormous unnecessary mess, that we can't take back. Tony deserves better than that." Strange had taken a seat at the opposite end of the room, furthest away from him. The sorcerer seemed to know what was good for him."You said, we would win." Peter was proud, how strong his voice sounded. With all of them against him, against Mr. Srak, he was fighting a losing battle against his emotions, but he couldn't let his weakness show. "14 Million possible futures and you said we would win this one!""Peter, Tony was trying to save the Earth. To save the universe. He won.""Bullshit!" His breath hitched. He wanted 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Post-Endgame
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Hurt Peter Parker
Grief/Mourning
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Nebula & Tony Stark Friendship
POV Peter Parker
Peter Parker Deserves Better
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
Angry Peter Parker
Parent Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
In a way
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
because I'm fixing this shit
Irondad
spiderson
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Lives
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Time Travel

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

