Chapter 1: The Announcement
    




Chapter Text
Field trips per se, for Peter Parker, is an event he never wants to go through again. Considering his last field trip got him mutated because of a radioactive spider, he wasn't very "keen" to go on one again. It's his senior year at Midtown High when his class received news that they were going on a field trip. It was announced last Tuesday during his Chemistry class. When Professor Harrington declared that they would be visiting The Stark Industries, his stomach started to turn. He wasn't sure if it's because of the news he was receiving now or because of his inhumane metabolism. To be frank, Peter isn’t actually excited about taking a tour of his house. "As all of you may know, you are all required to have this permission slip signed before you are allowed to come with us to SI on Saturday." Prof. Harrington huffed while arranging the mini stack of A5 papers in his hands "Do know, that this is a once in a lifetime opportunity as not many science schools are granted a tour of the Stark Tower. I hope you all can go, return the permission slips tomorrow. Class Dismissed." "Hey, Parker!" an awfully familiar voice shot up. "There's still time to come clean before Saturday. Then again, I would love to see your petty humiliated face. Yeah! On second thought, keep lying Puny. It'll be much more interesting to prove you wrong once we're there." Flash laughed, nudging Peter not-so-gently on his shoulder. "You talk too much Flash. We don't want to hear it." Mj retorted without even bothering to look up from her drawing notebook. "Whatever see you later freakshows!" Flash shot up a middle finger in the air as he storms off. "Dude, that isn't even a strong comeback," Ned said.  "Hey, Peter?" Peter gave him a look signaling that he's listening. "You okay dude? You look like you're going to throw up." "Yeah, I'm fine. " Peter squeaked. He is not fine at all. He feels like he's going to hurl any second now. He can't go to the tower; they'll find out soon enough that he's Spiderman. He knows that Clint and the others wouldn't miss a chance to embarrass him in front of the class and knowing Tony, hell will come loose if he finds out about Flash's excessive bullying him. Tony knows about the teasing, but he doesn't know that Flash pushed him into the school's swimming pool and he had to wear gym clothes for the rest of the day, or the time when Flash 'accidentally' but totally bumped Peter on purpose, making his Starkpad's screen to smash into pieces on the floor. Peter has no plan to tell Tony just yet. "I just don't think to go to the tower is a good idea." Peter muttered. "Pete, what are you saying?? This is finally your chance to put Flash in his place! Plus once he finds out that Iron Man is technically your dad, he'll stop harassing us!" Ned beamed. "Especially YOU." Ned pointed out. “Ned, I want to prove him wrong, and I will, I’m actually pretty sure that I’ll prove him wrong on that day. What worries me is the Avengers.” Peter buried his head onto the table as he grunted. “If they interact with me during the tour, people won’t actually believe that I’m just ‘an intern’ anymore.” Peter’s head shot up, eyes blow. “Heck what if they piece together that I’m Spiderman?!” Peter screamed-whispered as he tried not to hyperventilate about all this. He hasn’t told his friends yet that ever since May died, Tony and Pepper legally adopted him. He’ll explain that one some other time. “You’ll be fine loser.” Mj spoke up. “People here are dumb. They won’t find out.” As much as Peter would like to be reassured more, Mj’s words are somehow enough for him. The three began to head out to the school’s entrance, Mj and Ned took the bus home while Peter waited for Happy to come pick him up. Happy arrived five minutes after, he obviously saw how pale the kid was and how he looks sickly though he never bothered to ask why. The ride to the Stark Tower was fairly quiet that until they finally reached the tower and Happy started to speak up. “Hey kid, something wrong?” He pretended to say in nonchalantly as Peter groggily said “m’ fine.” Then he hastily exited the car. He said a short greeting to the receptionist as he headed straight up the penthouse. As he arrived, he saw Tony sitting at the lounge, eating a medium sized cheeseburger while watching the television. Peter didn’t have to say hi as Tony immediately said “Hey Underoos, how’s school?” as he walked in. “T’was great dad,” Peter said, looking down as he made his way to the lounge. He swung off his backpack and plopped down beside his adoptive father and remained silent. “Oh yeah, kid I have some errands for you at lab 36, 47, and 63. You just nee–” As Tony looked at the boy, he suddenly stopped talking and furrowed his eyebrows in worry. “Pete, what’s wrong? Are you feeling okay?” “Yeah, yeah–yeah I’m fine. Just a little under the weather.” Peter force smiled his way through the soon to be interrogation that he was sure Tony would do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Mandatory Field Trip Fic
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
this is not starker
Parent Tony Stark
Swearing
Tom Holland is my Spidey
Irondad and Spiderson relationship
Adopted Peter Parker
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

