Work Text:
Steve's grin was big as his boots hit the ground, stepping forward a couple steps and out of Tony's armored grip as he cut the momentum to their landing. Tony was already trapped, bots stripping him of his armor as he walked the length of his landing pad. Steve fell into easy step beside him.“I'm not saying anything negative, no, you're misunderstanding me,” Tony protested, hands flapping about even as his bots stripped him of his armor.Steve walked alongside him with a knowing smile on his face. “Right. Nothing like that,” he replied dryly.“No. I'm just saying I'm insulted, is all.  You  insulted me.” Tony jabbed one unarmored finger at Steve's chest. On impulse, Steve caught the finger and held it. Tony grinned at the miniature act of aggression, causing Steve to grin back at his approval. They got so caught up in a feedback cycle of grinning at each other that Tony ended up stumbling over his own feet at the end of his platform, and Steve had to rush forward to grab him. That only resulted in Steve stumbling over himself, and in the end they were barely standing, clinging to each other's arms and chests just outside Tony's penthouse. Tony cracked up, while Steve shook his head ruefully.“Insulted?” Steve tried to continue the conversation.Pulling Steve in even closer against him, Tony looked up at Steve with those bedroom eyes of his. “Yeah.  Insulted. If you wanted to go flying, you should have come to  me  first.”“It wasn't planned. I was falling off a helicarrier into the Potomac at the time. Kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing.” Steve squeezed at Tony, hands running over his back. “Are you jealous?”Tony scoffed at that. “Jealous? I'm Tony Stark. I have the best of everything. What could some geeky flyboy have that I would be jealous of? I've got money, good looks, fast cars, a  way  cooler ride than his bird wings...”“And you've got me,” Steve pointed out. “And you better get over this since you guys are having dinner together next week.”Tony groaned and walked away, dragging Steve by one hand behind him. “I'm going to forget about that, you know.”“No you won't. Nat says she's coaxed Bucky out to come have dinner in public with us. This is a big deal.”As they strolled into the penthouse together, Tony turned to Steve, continuing his walk backwards. “I'm not promising to make friends.”Steve grinned. “You're just jealous that Rhodey likes him.”Tony's eyes narrowed as he glared at Steve. “I already told you why I don't like him: bird-boy got one of your firsts. And I don't like sharing you or your firsts.”Steve's stomach fluttered at that, for reasons he was secure enough to recognize. He liked Tony's possessive streak. And he liked that Tony had taken so many of his “firsts.” Steve was a romantic like that: always had been. And even though Tony had all the experience under the sun, it felt... special, to Steve. Hopefully to Tony, too. Steve thought it did.Steve pointed this out. “You have plenty of my firsts. We weren't even together then.” His ears heated, and he knew he was blushing. From the way Tony was grinning at him like he had  plans, he was blushing pretty bright.“Yeah, but this one was an  armor-related first. No one else should have taken you on your first flight, our status as a thing notwithstanding.”Steve's stomach flipped as he suggested: “I'm sure there are other firsts I haven't had yet. Ones you could think of.”Tony actually came to a dead stop at that, eyebrows perking up like cat ears. “Armor-related firsts?”Steve scuffed his feet on the ground and shoved his hands in his pockets, shoulders hunched. “I don't know what that tech of yours can do. I'm sure there's some trick you want to try with me that you haven't yet.”Tony licked his lips. Steve hunched his shoulders harder, worried he had just bit off more than he could chew. “You might be right at that...” Tony mumbled, half to himself. He twitched, suddenly focusing on Steve like he was coming out of a trance. “Hey. Wanna check off one of those firsts now?”Steve jerked a thumb over his shoulder at the landing platform out the penthouse window. “You want to go back out? When we just came in?”But Tony was already shaking his head as he reached for Steve's hand, before Steve was even done asking the question. “No, this is definitely not an outdoors thing.” Under his breath, Tony mumbled: “Not the first time, at least.”“Should I even ask what you’ve got planned?”“Only if you want to know.”Tony shrugged one shoulder as he continued to tug Steve to the elevator of his penthouse, not letting go even once the doors shut behind them. Steve used the opportunity to slip his hand properly into Tony’s. They didn’t do that much, just hold hands. Tony glanced sidelong at him like he knew  exactly  what Steve was doing. Steve stared back defiantly, daring Tony to call him out on the sappy behavior. Unsurprisingly, he didn’t. Steve was beginning to realize that Tony was really a romantic at heart—he didn’t  want  to be, he didn’t even  thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Iron Man/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Armor
Armor Kink
Robot Sex
Sex Robots
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Facials
Snowballing
Fucking Machines
Vibrators
Dildos
Multiple Orgasms
First Time
Fingerfucking
Iron Man Suit Kink
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Iron Man/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

