Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
Queens wasn't really a place Ironman hung out. It certainly wasn't someplace that Tony Stark frequented. Aside from a couple of pretty good restaurants, the billionaire had no reason to go there. It was far from home – his apartment in Manhattan or the actual house that he owned but only used on a rare free weekend – and not really on his radar.And yet, there he was.Sitting in the limo, waiting for Happy, in a shit-heap of a neighborhood looking for a somewhat less than reputable tech-head that Tony had heard might have a new kind of software that could possibly work with the new Ironman suit he was tinkering with. The only problem? The guy was a complete recluse and pretty much hung out in his apartment all the time, refusing to meet Tony anywhere beyond his tiny little comfort zone.Geniuses were weird. Stark could attest to that.Which was why he was willing to try and find this guy. If only to see if he actually had anything Tony could use. He’d pay handsomely for the software, maybe the guy could buy a life somewhere else. Somewhere that didn’t reek of garbage and vomit.He saw Happy, his driver, walk out of the building they were double-parked in front of and get into the car.“He’s not here, boss. His mom said he might be back in an hour or so.”“Where did he go?”“I didn’t ask. She was pretty flighty.”Stark scowled.“Fine.”“Do we wait?”“No. I’ve got better things to do, right now.” Besides, the smell of the alleys was really getting to him. “Let’s go back-“He was interrupted by a commotion on the other side of the street and down about half a block. Three men came running out of that alley at full speed, looking behind them as if being chased. Two were holding guns and the third, incredulously, was carrying a case of beer. They ran by the car as Happy and Stark both watched, startled. Then, as if it could, it got a little weirder, a figure in red and blue, wearing a mask of some sort, came swinging behind them.Swinging.On some kind of… well, Tony didn’t know. Rope? String? He was flitting from light post or building, moving quickly and yelling at the three to stop. Right in front of the car, he shot more of the string out of his hand, somewhere, and nailed the guy holding the beer with it, dropping him literally right there on the sidewalk. Without stopping, the costumed figure hit the sidewalk and ran after the remaining two on foot, ducking after them when they ran into an alley.“Well?” Stark said to Happy, who was still staring. “Follow them!”That wasn't something you saw every day, after all.The driver started the car and tires squealed as he made a U turn to drive toward the alley the three had vanished into. Even as they entered the alley, Stark saw another of the men – this one pinned to the side of a building, struggling to free himself of even more of the rope or whatever it was. Happy drove right by him intent on the two retreating figures ahead of them, and Stark tapped his watch to have FRIDAY notify the police of what was going on – just in case no one in the neighborhood already had.As the car crossed one side street, still following the two running ahead of them, the man being chased suddenly turned, brandishing the pistol at his pursuer. The shots were shockingly loud in the narrow confines of the alley, and the costumed figure dropped. Just as the car reached him, however, he was back on his feet, once more chasing the man who had just shot at him, only now he was limping, holding his thigh with one hand as he did.“What the hell?”No one was going to just get up and keep chasing someone after getting shot, Stark thought, shaking his head. Well, yeah, Steve I have a perfect smile and a great head of hair Rogers probably would, but no one else. Even as they watched, the costumed figure proved him right, and stumbled, falling to the ground in a heap of garbage bags.“The guy with the gun or the guy who was shot?” Happy asked, wanting to know who he should be chasing.“The guy in the mask.”The car slid to a stop and Tony looked around, carefully, before getting out – just to make sure the guy with the gun wasn't looking for another target. Then he opened his door and hurried over to the still figure, half-sprawled against a dumpster, holding his side and panting. Blood was pooling from a tear in the thin fabric of the costume he was wearing.Stark grabbed his handkerchief and knelt down beside him, immediately pressing the cloth against the wound.“Hang in there. I’ve got first responders on the way.”“What?” Even with a mask on over his entire head, Tony could hear the voice was young and frightened. “No.” he tried to struggle to his feet. “I’m fine. Thanks for the help. I gotta go.”He tried to move away, and Tony caught him, feeling ribs even through the sweatshirt the boy was wearing.“You’re hurt. Help is coming.”“Yeah, I heard you. I’m okay,” the figure repeated. “I can’t talk to the police. Thanks, though.”He raised his arm, pointing his hand at one of the fire
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Consensual Underage Sex
First Time
First Time Bottoming
First Time Blow Jobs
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Tony is Iron Man
Peter is Spiderman
May died with Ben and Peter is homeless
Peter Needs a Hug
Poor Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Tony needs a hug - and a drink
Awkward Sexual Situations
Somewhat Rough Sex
Possessive Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Starker
Peter loves to be praised
Peter can be a shit
daddy kink develops
Peter can't cook
Jealous Tony Stark
Peter Is Clueless
unsuccessful attempted forced sex by an oc
Cock Warming
Cock Worship
Rimming
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanoff is a bad-ass
Domestic Fluff
and a lot of it
somewhat graphic torture nothing to give nightmares

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

