Chapter 1: Bruce
    




Chapter Text

Dr. Banner is careful. 
 
He’s soft. Not overly so, not even particularly gentle; not like Steve or Bucky. But he’s careful. Like the scientist he is, he’s cautious. Cautious like he’s broken too much before to be anything less than circumspect. 
 
That’s why when he threads his fingers through Peter’s hickory brown hair at four thirty in the morning, sitting on the living room couch with the younger kneeling between his legs, he doesn’t tug. Just holds the soft, messy locks in his hands, scratches lightly at the boy’s scalp. 
 
Peter kisses down Bruce’s length, freed from the confines of his jeans. The fingers in his hair massage his temples and the nape of his neck and it feels like comfort in the highest degree. He flattens his tongue to trace the vein on the underside of Bruce’s hard on, then takes the head into his mouth. It’s hot and wet and heavy on his tongue, and he has to drop his jaw down to fit it in. 
 
Peter closes his lips around the tip and can feel Bruce’s pulse against his cheeks, salty, bitter precome leaking into his mouth. He laves at the head, eyes closed, feeling Bruce’s thighs tense where they cage Peter’s shoulders. The older man sighs, head lolling back as he fondles curls and stray waves of Peter’s hair. 
 
The boy isn’t the most skilled in the world, but neither of them mind. It’s quiet right now, everyone else on a mission. The sun hasn’t risen but through windows that take up the whole walls, Peter could see the horizon starting to grey. He closes his eyes and feels the heat in his cheeks when he sucks lightly at the tip, eliciting a soft moan from Bruce. 
 
Quiet. Quiet and calm apart from Bruce’s playlist of classical music, playing at a low volume. There’s cellos and a smooth melody in the back of Peter’s mind as he takes the older man further into his mouth. 
 
“You’re doing great, Pete, doing great,” he says, voice breathy. Peter groans in response and knows the vibrations must do something to Bruce, because more wet fills his mouth. He relaxes himself the best he can and takes a deep breath through his nose, dropping down to take the scientist all the way in. 
 
Bruce moans and his fingers run all the way through Peter’s hair, one palm flattening on the back of the younger boy’s head. It feels like a command but Peter knows it’s an encouragement, a request; nothing more. 
 
Bruce isn’t forceful. He lets Peter set his own pace, moves when and how Peter’s ready to move. He’s cautious, but he isn’t nervous. He’s not reserved. The most open and exposed Peter ever sees Dr. Banner is when they’re losing clothes together, pressed close, sharing heat. When Bruce takes off his glasses and unbuttons his shirt and relaxes, actually relaxes, because there’s no one and nothing less threatening that Peter opening up to him in return. 
 
They aren’t nervous together. There’s no strong underlying passion that makes them shaky and afraid of touching each other, like they’re scared they won’t be able to stop or might make the wrong move. But this thing between them isn’t completely heartless, either. It’s just easy. A little rare, infrequent, but easy. 
 
Peter sucks a little harder and starts to bob his head, his lips shining and red, a blush on his cheeks. He moves a little too fast and Bruce’s length chokes him for a moment, and he gags, his throat convulsing. He doesn’t pull off to cough, though, lets the action burn tears from his eyes and pulls away just enough to steady his breathing, then drops back down. 
 
“That’s it, there you go,” Bruce groans. One of his hands comes around to cup Peter’s face, caressing his cheekbone with his thumb. “Beautiful,” he breathes, smearing a tear streak. Peter moans and hollows his cheeks, bobbing his head a little faster. 
 
The younger boy is blissfully unaware of how much time passes. The sky is still dark and the only light in the living room comes from the illumination of elevator buttons and the microwave clock, the thermostat on the wall, the dull blue glow of the stereo system’s power button. His knees burn a little from the carpet and his back starts to get sore, but he pays the sensations no mind. He keeps at it, eyelashes brushing his cheeks, Bruce’s sighs and moans and fingers in his hair grounding him. 
 
When Dr. Banner’s thighs start to shake a little, and his breathing picks up, Peter speeds up, too. He moves his head faster, sucks more, openly explores the entire surface and all the crevices of Bruce’s length. Not much time passes before the scientist is whispering husky warnings to him and canting his hips up into Peter’s mouth, just a bit. 
 
Peter opens his throat up and sucks hard, squeezing Bruce’s thighs until Dr. Banner pulls him all the way down to the base. Peter takes his load easy, hot, bitter wetness filling up his mouth, streaming directly down his throat. He swallows it all, bobs his head through the scientist’s orgasm, milking every last drop until there’s nothing left and Bruce 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Scott Lang/Peter Parker
Loki/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
Rough Sex
Gentle Sex
Oral Sex
Shower Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Edgeplay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Aftercare
Fluff and Smut
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Hand Jobs
Frottage
Intercrural Sex
Body Worship
no officer i've never seen a beta before in my life
Peter is a bit promiscuous and we love him for it
Open Relationships
Polyamory

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Scott Lang/Peter Parker
Loki/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

