Chapter 1





Chapter Text

That was a disaster. 

 
Granted, Tony didn’t really know why he didn’t predict this but up until an hour ago he never even though of the possibility of Peter and Harley being attracted to each other. Mostly because thinking about who two teenagers are or could be attracted to is weird and he has better things to do than question two teenagers’ life choices thank you very much. 
 
So yeah, introducing the two teens to each other went different than he expected. Granted, Tony told himself that he was prepared for anything and could probably make the two teens be at least civil to each other on the off chance that they would for some reason hate each other, but apparently he should never have worried about that.
 And apparently he wasn’t prepared for everything.   How would he even be able to prepare himself for whatever that was? He didn’t even have to time react to the fact that Harley was very clearly checking Peter out before introducing himself and immediately starting to flirt with him. 
And Peter might be shy but he knows for a fact that he started to learn to turn people down and call them out if they made him uncomfortable when hitting on him a long time ago, after both May and himself got worried about the kid being too nice and too worried about other people’s feelings to say no.  And yet he did nothing except stand there and blush furiously.
After a good ten minutes of watching the teens compliment each other and making small talk all while trying to process what the hell was going on, Harley just turned to him and laughed at his shocked face. 
 Which, okay. Rude. 
 
So he sticked them in opposite ends of the lab, hoping to whatever god was out there that they would be too focused on their own projects to get back to each other and make Tony lose his goddamn mind even more. 
 
Of course, as soon as he had somewhat calmed down (by drinking two big cups of Bruce’s old ‘calming tea’) he returned to the lab to see them huddled together and giggling at something that they were working on. 
 
Apparently the only god that would ever listen to his thoughts and prayers is the God of Mischief. 
 Perfect. 
 
God, he needs to talk to his platypus about this. He can’t handle this alone.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
pre - Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Humour
Humor
kind of fluffy i guess
tony stark is dramatic

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
pre - Harley Keener/Peter Parker

