Work Text:
"FRIDAY?" A four-year-old Peter asked from where he was situated on the floor, surrounded by Legos and colouring books as he looked up at the ceiling. He was hungry, Papa hadn't come to give him his lunch. Daddy was at work, and Peter was sad. He missed Daddy. "Where is Papa?""I am very sorry, Young Peter, but I am unable to disclose that information." Peter frowned in confusion, an index finger raising to his lips. He didn't know what those big words meant. All he could figure out was that FRIDAY was saying no to him, and FRIDAY hardly ever said no to him. Why didn't she want to take Peter to his Papa? Oh! He had forgotten to say please!"Ms. FRIDAY, can you pwease take me to Papa?" Peter tried again, only to receive the same answer. To a four-year-old, the words meant absolutely nothing to him, his younger brain unable to comprehend what the bigger words meant. Peter didn't understand why FRIDAY wasn't giving his Papa to him. "It's okay, FRIDAY."Peter pushed his smaller-for-his-age body off of the floor, rubbing his eyes a little as he padded over to his bed, pulling his teddy and baby blanket off of the mattress and hugged them to his chest. He made his way over to his door, pulling it open easily because it had been left ajar. He made his way over to his two Dad's room first, because that was where they slept. Maybe Papa was having a nap and Peter could join with him?He jumped up to reach the door handle, smiling a little when he was able to get the door open. He frowned when he realised that Papa wasn't in his room, turning around and making his way down the hall. His index finger had slipped into his mouth, despite knowing that Papa would be mad at him for it, entering the kitchen. He also knew that he wasn't allowed in the kitchen by himself, but it was Papa's fault for hiding from him. Maybe Papa was playing hide and seek with him?"Papa?" Peter called out, entering the living room with his little shuffling feet. He had been behind the couch when he accidentally stepped on his blanket and tripped, promptly falling forwards and landing face-first into the back of the leather couch. He sat back, hand on his nose, tears burning in his eyes. But he couldn't cry! What would Papa say if he found Peter crying on the floor? He would not like it. He had overheard his Dad's talking about something called tantrums. He didn't know what it meant but he knew that it had something to do with him. Peter didn't want to be a tantrum!So, the toddler picked himself off of the floor and rubbed his eyes, ignoring the pain and continued to move around the room, looking anywhere and everywhere for his Papa. Why was he hiding from Peter?The child perked up when he heard the sound of the lift opening, immediately crawling out from under the coffee table and running over to the hall. He dragged his bear and blanket behind him as the person stepped out of the lift, only deflating a little when he realised it wasn't Papa. It was his Uncle Clint, and he loved his Uncle Clint. "Hey there little dude." Clint said as he approached Peter, arms open for a hug. Peter gladly let his uncle pick him up, wrapping an arm around his neck and held his bear and blanket with the other. "Where's your Pops, huh? What happened to your face? It's all red."Peter shrugged his small shoulders, the excitement from seeing Clint beginning to wear off. "I fell an' the couch hit me. Was looking for Papa. He disappeared."Peter watched Clint's facial expressions change, feeling confused when Clint frowned. "Steve left you here by yourself?""Haven't found Papa yet." Peter mumbled, his index finger beginning to gravitate back to his mouth as he grew anxious. "Is Papa playing a trick on me? Was Peter bad?"Clint smiled. "You weren't bad, Pete. It probably slipped Papa's mind, you know he's very old."Peter giggled at that, blissfully aware of the many questions going through Clint's mind as he took the toddler to the lift, having FRIDAY take them to the communal floor. Peter cuddled into his uncle, sucking absently on the tip of his index finger as he rested his head on Clint's shoulder. He was sleepy, he had a very bad nightmare last night, and had slept with Papa. Daddy was gone for another two whole days! Daddy was always better at making Peter happy after having a bad dream. He wanted Daddy.He knew Papa wasn't his real Papa, and that he had a Mommy out there somewhere. But Peter loved his Papa a lot. His Mommy didn't if she wasn't here with him right now.Peter felt a little sadder when he thought about his Mommy. "Daddy back yet, Uncle Clint?" "Not yet, buddy, just another two days. Daddy's very busy. Maybe I can help you video call him tonight?" Peter grinned, nodding frantically. "You can stay with me tonight if you want, Pete. I'm a lot of fun, aren't I!""Yes!" Peter replied, sitting back up straighter in Clint's arms and kicked his feet a little from where they were on either side of Clint's hips. "When see Lila and Cooper and Nate-Nate?""In a fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Kid Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Toddlers
Crying
Children
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Father-Son Relationship
Uncle-Nephew Relationship
Awesome Clint Barton
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Cheating
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Time Skips
Teen Peter Parker
brief - Freeform
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sort Of
Bed-Wetting
pull ups

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

