Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony is sitting on his ass, trying to catch his breath in the dust of an alien planet when the Avengers take their vote.
 
It goes as expected.  
 
“Ever heard of the monkey’s paw, Rogers?” he asks tiredly, staring into the distance.
 
Rogers looks over at him, his hand already sliding into the new gauntlet as he says, “No?  What does that have to do with anything?”
 
Tony just blinks at him, letting the ramifications of what they all decided settle over the rest of the “team” like the sudden shadow of an unrealized predator.
 
“Never mind.  Don’t worry about it.  I’m sure your righteous moral fortitude will be enough to carry you through like always.”
 
Bruce gives Tony a look that would be indecipherable under any other circumstances.  But Tony sees it for what it is.  The Hulk’s recent lessons with discovering that he is not, in fact, invulnerable, have gone a long way in reconciling the scientist to his alter ego.  Because they now both understand not only anger, but  fear as well.
 
Tony shrugs as he gets up, turning away from the miracle about to unfold.  He opts to take in the view afforded them by the high ground where the Mad Titan had settled for his retirement instead.  He ignores the Titan’s body cooling in the dirt.
 
“Steve, a word of advice?  I’d concentrate on bringing back everyone killed directly  and indirectly by Thanos,” Bruce’s voice floats over the gentle breeze to Tony.  
 
Tony closes his eyes, silently thanking his science bro for filling in the gaps that he can’t anymore.
 
He’s already learned his lesson in trying to offer helpful suggestions to these lunatics.  
 
He thinks he remembers hearing once, that there was a saying about needing crazy people to accomplish what everyone else thinks is impossible…  But he’s not sure that  this is what was meant by it.
 
After a few seconds, hundreds of bright skinned natives pop into existence near the stream a little ways from them.  
 
“Oh, I thought I’d have to say something out loud…  Huh.”
 
Tony closes his eyes, willing away the frisson of fear that tingles his spine at the knowledge that the person with possibly the least ability to make informed decisions in all of existence has power over all of existence.  
 
Suddenly more than just natives appear out of thin air around them.  
 
The gauntlet is smoking faintly on Rogers’ arm as the confused voices of their previously deceased teammates fill the air.
 
“General Okoye?”
 
“Stevie?”
 
“Mr. Stark!”
 
Tony’s eyes whip open as he turns to face the bundle of spider themed superhero about to collide with him.  In the back of his mind, he’s keeping track of the fact that Rogers still hasn’t removed the gauntlet, even as he’s hugging the ever-living stuffing out of Peter.  
 
“You ok, kid?” Tony manages to get out, while simultaneously trying to keep the tears in.  
 
“Me?  I’m good, Mr. Stark, I’m fine.  Great even.  I promise to never get disintegrated by a delusional madman ever again,” Peter jokes.  
 
Tony isn’t in the mood, but he chokes on a half-laugh, half-sob as an appeasement to Peter’s weird humor.  Kids these days, man.
 
After assuring Peter that  he’s  alright, Tony hazards a glance at the other reunions going on around them.  It looks like whatever Rogers did not only brought everyone back, but brought everyone even loosely affiliated as an “Avenger” here to them.  Great.  Now he’s going to have to find room and supplies for more than a dozen extra people on the spaceship for the ride home.  Way to think ahead, Rogers.  It’s not like running out of food, water, and oxygen while out in space is a new trigger of Tony’s or anything.  Not at all.
 
“You ok, Buck?” Rogers asks Barnes, who immediately upon being wished back into existence sat down on the ground gracelessly and started staring at nothing.  
 
“Just gettin’ tired of all this magical bullshit, that’s all,” Barnes sighs, attempting a wan smile.  
 
From Tony’s viewpoint, he can see the disappointment over that response on Rogers’ face.  He clearly was expecting a little more enthusiasm for having been rescued on his best friend’s part…  Maybe more of a  thanks... 
 
And he’s  still wearing the gauntlet.
 
Tony knows that it’s only a matter of time before Rogers’ fucked-up logic and archaic rhetoric screw things up, as long as he continues to wear that thing.  But if Tony’s the one to suggest the man take it off, it will only be a fight, only get hackles raised and with an end result of Rogers wearing it for  even longer.  So he’s biting his tongue and praying to any god that might hear that Rogers will take it off voluntarily like the overgrown boy scout he claims to be.  
 
With his luck, the only god listening is probably the newly-resurrected Loki.
 
Tony catches movement out of the corner of his eye and sees that Dr. Strange guy heading right for Rogers.  Christ.  Self-awareness may not be his strong suit, but Tony can admit that half the reason he and Strange butted heads the way the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James “Bucky” Barnes/Tony Stark/James “Bucky” Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
mentions of Thor/Bruce Banner - Relationship
mentions of James “Rhodey” Rhodes/Carol Danvers

freeform: 
Endgame AU
post-Endgame AU
No Spoilers
I started this before seeing Endgame so this has nothing to do with canon
like at all
this focuses on the aftermath of defeating Thanos
not the how of defeating him
Thanos’ defeat is hand-wavey
Steve gets what he wishes for
space travel
mentions of a lot of people “pairing up” during the journey through space
some frankly unhealthy coping mechanisms on James’ and Bucky’s parts (aka they fuck)
Tony is not a saint ok
Not Steve Friendly
Civil War Team Ironman
oops I accidentally redeemed Wanda though
but it’s a very small section
rebuilding on earth
ok maybe Tony is a saint
Tony Stark is too good for this world
nanobots FTW
Comic Book Science

fandom: 
James “Bucky” Barnes/Tony Stark/James “Bucky” Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
mentions of Thor/Bruce Banner - Relationship
mentions of James “Rhodey” Rhodes/Carol Danvers

