Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The big, shaggy, black dog crept towards the Shrieking Shack, nose in the air. There was something in the air that seemed to make it nervous, but it snuck forward all the same. Once inside, the dog sniffed around, poking into various rooms until it seemed satisfied. Then, it retreated into the bowels of the house. It wasn’t until the dog had settled into a room with no view of the outside that the dog became a man. The man slumped back against the wall, closing his eyes a moment. He was dressed in loose, ill fitting clothes in thick stripes - a prison garb. His dark hair was greasy and hung to his shoulders in stringy waves, his cheeks gaunt. A sharp click broke the silence and the man’s eyes flew open, grey nearly silver in the moonlight. He stared right into the barrel of the gun with no fear, instead, he lifted a sardonic brow. “Now this would be how I died. Spent all that time being blamed by my own kind, only to die at the end of a muggle’s gun.” He gave a near hysterical laugh, body shaking. It was almost as if he were in withdrawal. The figure in the doorway just stared right back.“Who are you?”“Oh me? I’m Sirius Black. Former prisoner of Azkaban.” his eyes, though wild, were unyielding. “Turns out my godson is going to Hogwarts and nearly died twice. Turns out the man who murdered my best friend and his wife is coming back. I’ll bet you anything that the rat that betrayed us to him is back too.” He was raving, tone half mad, but the gun actually lowered a notch.“Sirius Black.” The man in the doorway repeated, and the man - Sirius - stilled for almost an entire second before he couldn’t contain the shake in his limbs anymore. “You're Harry’s godfather. Natalia’s nephew.” “I don’t know a Natalia. But my godson’s name is Harry.” the man in the doorway gave a sharp nod. “Are you using?” that earned him a questioning look, and the man gestured at how he shook, gun no longer pointed directly at him but at the floor between them.“Using what?”“Drugs.” the man snorted, crazed glint back in his eyes.“Oh this?” with a dramatic wave of his hands, he put himself on display. “This is the after effects of Dementors. Soul sucking demons. Guards of Azkaban. They suck every happy memory out of you before they suck out your soul.” there was a bitter twist to his mouth. “Twelve years I spent in there with them. Twelve years for a betrayal that wasn’t mine. Not even the thought of a trial.” he snarled. “I would never have betrayed James and Lily. Never. I would have died first.” the mad glint was back in his eyes. “I’ll die before I let that rat get to Harry.” the gun disappeared as the man in the doorway sighed, stepping further into the room to reveal piercing blue eyes and sharp features. “You can’t help anyone like this.” was the blunt reply, and Sirius all but growled. The response was a roll of blue eyes. “There’s a bed upstairs.” was what he said instead. When Sirius only stared at him he moved closer, hands up to show he wasn’t a threat. When he reached down to heft Sirius off the ground, Sirius let him. “Why are you helping me?”“Kid’s worse trouble than Stevie was. Natalia will need all the help she can get looking out for him.” that earned him a bemused look, but Sirius didn’t argue. He didn’t really know who these people were, but he was in no place to question it. “Name’s James by the way.” Sirius snorted out a laugh.“Of course it is.” as soon as James had helped him settle on the bed, he met his gaze once more, wary.“What would you have done if you didn’t believe me?” James’ piercing gaze held no sympathy.“You’d be dead.”Sirius gave a tired laugh. “Why did you believe me?” James rolled his shoulders, expression almost pained. “Nobody puts themselves through this on purpose.” Sirius looked down at himself and gave a slow nod. “Right. Cheers.” That earned him an almost smile before James disappeared. With a huff, Sirius settled down to sleep. He was pretty sure nothing James didn’t want inside would ever see the inside of the house and felt the safest he’d felt in years. He fell asleep between one breath and the next.  >>> Natasha wondered what it said about her that when she received the vial labeled basilisk poison she understood it for the apology it was. She wondered what it said about the sender considering it was not only an apology but a request. It only took her 12 hours to respond to the summons, and she did so by showing up in his private chambers. When he returned from his potions lab he found her sitting in the same chair she’d taken last time, leaving his preferred seat free, and he only hesitated a moment before joining her.“Severus.” she greeted, though her expression was blank. It grated at him. “Tea?” he found himself offering, and she inclined her head, leaning back in the chair. She was silent and assessing as he called for a house elf, requesting tea, and watching it appear moments later. As soon as they each had a cup in hand, she spoke.“Thank you for the gift.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hogwarts Third Year
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Avengers
raising a wizard
Harry is 13
Natasha is Harry's bio aunt
Background Relationships
Protective Weasleys
Avengers Family
team as a family
Prisoner of Azkaban
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Sirius Black recovering
Canon-Typical Violence
Dementors
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
