Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was after a pretty intense battle that the avengers were relaxing together in the common room. No one was hurt, luckily. There were some close calls, especially with a certain young arachnid. All in the effort to save a young girl who was too scared to do anything at the time and just wanted her mommy. She got there safely in her arms again because of Peter. Now he was in the arms of Natasha, his own mom so to speak. They grew close over time and only seemed to get closer. He saw her a his mother that he lost and desperately wanted again. May was great to him but was adamant about making sure that he knew she was his aunt. Not that it was a bad thing, just a tough thing. After she found out about him being Spider-Man she confronted Tony and had a really hard conversation. She knew that Tony and the others can provide what he needs while she herself can't. It was hard to say goodbye but it was best for everyone. The first day without May was hard and that lead him to Natasha and the beginning of their mom-son relationship. She saw him as the son she could never have, unable to have her own lead to being over protective and maternal; Which she thought never could happen, being trained to show no remorse and lethal turned to a mess of feelings as he cuddled closer. His head on her chest and arms wrapped around her waist, while she had hers around his shoulder drawing him closer and carding fingers through his hair, coaxing him to sleep or at least trying to. She knew he had a long day and wanted nothing more than for him to fall asleep right there.  The others were a mix of tired and wired. Either still riding high from battle or drained. Peter was one of them, even if he tried not to show it. Natasha thought it was cute; Though she thought everything he did was cute, it actually was. His eyes were dropping lower every pass of her hand but tried to still talk to the others, it lead to a sleepy slur that had everyone cooing. Even though few were tired, everyone still had their wits about them, still cracking jokes lightly. " You did so good today мать-паук. Why don't you rest? " she whispered into his ear. Everyone watched on, taking in the sight of mother spider and her baby boy. 
"I'm not tired. " he slurred out. 

" I know, but how about you go lay down in your room? I bet you'll be more comfortable their. " 

" I'm comfy here. " He says and snuggles closer to Natasha. 

" I bet you're really tired hmm. Why don't you want to sleep? " 

" I don't want to leave you. " he slurs with big drawn out words. Natasha has to hold back tears, he is so pure. She thought. 

" I'll lay with you. I won't leave you. " 

" Promise? " he asks, making him sound like a little kid but no one cares. 

" Promise. " 

" Okay" he replies before he climbs his way into her lap and clings to her like an actual child. Clint opened his mouth to make a comment about how cute when a death glare from Natasha stopped him. She carried him to her room, she knew his room was a mess and wanted him to keep his privacy. For her, there was no secrets between the two. She was open and honest as if she never learned to lie like her life depended on it. She sat him down in her overly large and empty bed. She often thought it was too big, she slept in alone every night after Bruce decided he didn't want to date her. They were still good friends and colleagues but now she slept alone. But not tonight, tonight she has her baby boy. When she laid him to rest, he filled the bed space. Taking up a large amount without even meaning to. She didn't mind, at least now it wasn't empty. She changed into her sleeping clothes and did the same to Peter. She had him wear a pair of leggings and a t-shirt. She didn't want him to sleep in his suit. It was filthy. Luckily he didn't get the bed dirty while he waited. She crawled into the sheet with him and brought him close. Cuddling close together, clinging to each other like a lifeline. Having the same position as before but now Peter had his legs wrapped around hers. She was carding his hair again, making Peter grow more tired every pass. She started to hum and feel him go lax in her hold, Peter felt every vibrations of the hum slowly rocking him to sleep, every rub of his scalp soothing him to his slumber. 

" Love you. " He breathed out before finally falling in a peaceful sleep. Natasha actually did shed tears at that, tears of joy and overwhelming love. She felt so full of his love at that moment. It was the first time he said it to her, she made it a goal to hear it again. She kissed his forehead and repeated it back to him, even though he couldn't hear it. She was almost glad he didn't, she was so choked up that he probably wouldn't be able to make anything out. She fell asleep feeling loved, Peter feel asleep feeling safe. They usually both wake up in the middle of the night or early morning, plagued with nightmares of their past. Peter being crushed to death under that building and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts
Wanda Maximoff/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Loss of Virginity
Oral Sex
Bottom Peter
Top Natasha Romanov
Mother-Son Relationship
Hermaphrodites
Coming Untouched
Oral Fixation
Shower Sex
Aftercare
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Natasha Romanov
Milking
A lot of weird shit
I mean a LOT
SERIOUSLY a lot like dont read this if and then comment its weird
bitch ik its weird

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts
Wanda Maximoff/Peter Parker

