Work Text:
It’s Tradition. Every other Sunday, Bucky has a standing date with Becca for breakfast. They never have breakfast in the same place twice, instead opting to try every cafe that New York has to offer. They’ve gone through a lot, but with how cafes are opening up seemingly every week—and how big the city is—they’ve made it their mission to try everything (Becca insists that even the chains have a difference—the cafe mocha in Starbucks on X street isn’t as strong as the one on Y street). Bucky’s ma would say this was was all Becca’s imagination, that chains have consistent recipes. Bucky’s dad would encourage Becca, but then his dad loves conspiracy theories.Bucky? Bucky knows how to pick his battles.Bucky pushes open the door to Becca’s latest Instagram-worthy cafe discovery, a new cafe near the park. It’s in Brooklyn this time, thank goodness. Becca’s hand is hooked around his left elbow as they make their way inside. To outsiders, it probably looks like she’s a prim and proper Omega, walking in her beautiful yellow sundress and supported by an Alpha, but Bucky knows she’s holding him because she’s taking all the support she can get in her five-inch heels (“It does wonders for my ass, Buck.”) before she flounces off for her lunch date later.“And then, this guy just goes and jumps in the lobster tank—” Becca continues, her voice animated, her other hand up in a little wave.“What?” Bucky says, eyes wide. He narrows his eyes at his twin. “There’s no way that happened.” “You callin’ me a liar?” Becca asks, narrowing her eyes back at him. Dimly, Bucky hears the door behind them open. They should move out of the way.“I’m just saying,” Bucky says, placing his other hand on top of the one Becca has on his elbow, and subtly steering her towards the line. He opens his mouth to continue, but the faint but familiar scent of coffee and cinnamon makes its way to his senses. It’s a scent he’s been dreaming about for days, and either his senses are playing tricks on him or—Steve stands behind them, looking like a deer in the headlights, his shoulders hunched like he's hiding, like he wants to make himself smaller. He’s wearing a white shirt that’s a size too small, shorts, and his hair is slightly damp.“Uh,” Steve says. He shuffles awkwardly, looking at the hand on Bucky’s elbow, before dragging his eyes up to Bucky’s face. He bites his bottom lip, eyes wide in hurt and confusion. “Hi?”“Steve!” Bucky says, grinning. He steps forward, but Steve, inexplicably takes a step back. Steve shoots them a wary look, a tight smile on his face, his hand fisted at his side.Bucky frowns, confused.  Did he do anything wrong? They were good last night, with Steve texting him proudly about the progress one of his trainees had made, and telling Bucky that he couldn’t wait to see him for their next date.Becca clears her throat, squeezing his elbow.  Bucky gives a small shake of his head, focusing.“Steve, this is my twin sister, Becca. Becca, this is Steve, my... uhh.” Bucky flounders. Because Steve isn't exactly his boyfriend, having gone on the grand total of one (1) date a week ago. Sure, they’ve been texting almost incessantly since then, and Bucky has had FantasiesTM, and they have another date planned for Friday (they’re seeing the latest Captain America movie and having dinner after, which is a lot more second date-like—cheesy as it is, Bucky is looking forward to holding Steve’s hand in the theater and the possibility of more, though he’d never ask for anything Steve isn’t ready to give), but—"Great to meet you," Steve says, rescuing him. His expression clears, red blooming up his neck towards his cheeks. He looks a bit sheepish as he shakes Becca's hand. "Bucky's told me a bit about you."

For a second, there’s a maniacal light in his sister’s eyes and Bucky’s half afraid that And Bucky’s told me all about _you_ would come out of Becca’s mouth. Bucky’s heart seizes in his chest, anticipating—But it doesn’t. Becca settles instead into a polite response of, "All lies, I assure you," as she shakes Steve’s hand, shooting Bucky a smirk. Bucky feels the nerves in his chest settle. Siblings are unpredictable, okay.  

“Why don’t you join us?” Becca asks, as they move forward in line.“Oh, I couldn’t possibly intrude.” Steve says, shaking his head and smiling. He looks more settled now, his arms relaxed at his sides, the confusion and hurt gone from his eyes. He gives Bucky a sweet smile and Bucky feels his insides melting. Maybe he was just imagining Steve’s reaction earlier?“Join us,” Becca insists. “I’d love to know more about my brother's... uhh.”  She smirks at Bucky then, releasing her grip on his elbow. Bucky flushes. He should’ve known better than to let his guard down that early.  Siblings are evil. “Why don’t you boys look for a seat? I’ll stay in line." **
“Sorry about that,” Bucky says, shaking his head at the direction of his sister, a fond smile escaping his lips. It’s a little embarrassing but he knows it’s done out of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Fluff and Smut
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Pre-War Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Jealousy
Misunderstandings
Scenting
Rimming
Accidental Knotting
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Wet & Messy
Multiple Orgasms
Possessive Behavior
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Relationship Discussions
welcome to our self-indulgence fest 2k19

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

