Chapter 1: the hollow man
    




Chapter Text

APRIL is the cruellest month, breedingLilacs out of the dead land, mixing Memory and desire, stirring Dull roots with spring rain.
 
 The soldier was supposed to come in for debriefing and reset, but there was nowhere to go and no one to debrief him.He spent eight days in a safe house waiting for someone to come and get him. He was a valuable asset. He was supposed to wait.No one came.The pictures of Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes in the Smithsonian matched his own face. He checked his reflection in a glass case to be sure. Differences could be accounted for by hairstyle, a different diet, three to five years' ageing. There were books for sale in the gift shop. He glanced at the security cameras—poorly angled—and shoplifted a couple. He had no money. He needed information.The soldier read the personal accounts of men who had known Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes. He cross referenced them against each other. He went looking for more information. A great deal was publicly available. He went to libraries and scanned books, articles, websites. He committed key details to memory.The Captain's recognition had been genuine. That much was obvious. The thought sat oddly in his mind when he had it, unconnected to anything else.  He kept it in the back of his mind while he gathered information.He was supposed to come in for debriefing and reset. He was supposed to come in—Bucky Barnes was good-natured, easy-going, popular with his fellow soldiers, known for his charm especially with women, loyal until death. He was a first-rate hand to hand fighter as well as a sniper. He came from Brooklyn. He had three younger siblings living at the time of his death. He followed Captain America—It was not difficult to become someone. The soldier knew how to do it the way he knew how to plan an ambush, pull a trigger, blend into any crowd; it was part of what he was. To become someone it was necessary to inhabit their skin, and the key was detail: the diplomatic aide taking off his wedding ring before he went to bed with a stranger, the late night security guard yawning and scratching his belly as he glanced at a picture of his kids, the taxi driver starting a friendly conversation with his passengers as he drove them somewhere the bodies would not be found. The soldier did not remember ever doing any of those things, but he had done them all in the course of his duties.Bucky Barnes was good-natured, easy-going, popular with his fellow soldiers—Bucky, he tried the name on his tongue. Bucky. I'm Bucky. That's me. He decided Bucky probably preferred being himself to being the Winter Soldier, and started favoring his right arm, using his flesh and blood hand to touch things and pick them up instead of his metal one wherever possible.He followed Captain America—The soldier (Bucky) stalked the Captain for several days. He bugged the house the Captain lived in and listened to conversations. The Captain was visited by both the Black Widow and the Falcon. He was a good source of information on his own history, and he mentioned Bucky Barnes several times. The Winter Soldier listened for the cadences of his accent and the obsolete turns of phrase that the Captain's friends reacted to with confusion or amusement. His own voice settled into the patterns easily, as if he'd known them for years. He located some scissors and cut his own hair, raggedly, without a mirror.Debriefing and reset. He was supposed to come in for—On an April morning six weeks after his first visit to the museum, he pounded on the front door of the Captain's apartment a couple of times right-handed. Then he waited.The Captain's recognition had been genuine, he thought. The thought had been lurking in the back of his mind all this time while he gathered information, while he prepared. Now it was joined by another thought which made it relevant, which made it make sense: the Captain knew this Bucky Barnes. The Captain knew what he was supposed to do.Of course he had to go to him.The Captain opened the door, and stopped, and stared. His mouth moved but made no sound."Hiya, Steve," said Bucky. "Sorry I'm late." He swallowed. "Can I come in?" 
 They sat on couches in a cluttered room. The Captain—Steve—couldn't stop looking at him."I got something on my face?" Bucky said finally."No—Bucky—Christ," said Steve. "I just," he laughed a little wetly, "I'm not sure I'm not dreaming. I thought you were dead. I saw you fall.""We both fell," said the soldier uncertainly. That had been only a few weeks ago. The Captain must have known he'd survived, because if he hadn't the Captain wouldn't have been dragged to shore."No, I meant," said Steve. "The bridge."It took a moment for his mind to find the right piece of information. The bridge. Sergeant Barnes gave his life for his country during an engagement with the enemy on—He looked up. Steve's expression had changed. "You don't remember," he said quietly."I don't remember a lot of things," 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Identity Issues
Robots

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

