Chapter 1: August 2016
    




Chapter Text
“How long has he been sitting here?” Natasha’s voice sounded tired. Steve didn’t even look at her, although he probably should have. She was his teammate, after all, she returned from a dangerous mission, she… Steve couldn’t find it in himself to feel anything beyond hollow. “Since they showed… well, you know what on the news,” Sam answered, just as tiredly. “To be honest, I’m already past the stage of just worrying about his mental health.”“Obviously,” Natasha agreed. “Wanna talk to him?”“Last time I tried to talk to him about ‘well, I know what’, he ran off to a different country in a minute and thirty-six seconds. Not exactly effective… and anyways, you’re the part-time therapist here.”“He won’t answer to me.” There was a quiet rustle of fabric, as if Sam shrugged his shoulders. “He hadn’t moved for the past three days. He doesn’t eat, he doesn’t sleep, he’s just watching the news, or staring into the void when they show something else.”“Alright, I can try, but…”“The sniper shot from the building opposite,” Steve said, simply. The twenty-second hesitation before confirming the obvious almost made him lose his temper, but Natasha, answered, finally:“Yes.”“Which is an office building,” Steve continued. “Yes,” Natasha repeated. “Someone must have seen him.”“Possibly, but…”“I need the sniper.”“Steve.” Natasha blocked the screen with her body. Not completely – the plasma display on the wall was far too wide for her complexion – but she stood in front of it and looked Steve in the eyes. He noted vacantly that she had dyed her hair and acquired a gash in her lip. “Steve, they’re looking for him, but…”“This was a man with a sniper rifle in an office building in the middle of the day,” Steve said. “Not a ghost, not a wraith, not even the Winter Soldier. Find him.”“So you can do what?” Natasha asked darkly. “Kill him?”“Find out who is behind this,” Steve said. “Too many options. Too many… enemies. Too–““Steve, buddy, you need to rest,” Sam said, approaching him. “Come on, let’s go.”“What I need are the sniper and the names.” Steve got up sharply, and felt dizzy for the first time since the serum.“You won’t get Tony back doing this,” Natasha warned harshly.“No,” Steve agreed. “I won’t. Find the sniper, Widow.”“Okay,” Natasha nodded, pursing her lips.Steve stared at the screen over her shoulder. The frames were familiar, he saw them dozens of times now – a busy street, Tony, taking pictures with a swarm of schoolgirls, faces skewed with terror, crimson blood on the white T-Shirt with kittens, censored by a bunch of pixels in faux decency, and a shaky camera in someone’s trembling hands. Dear god. Tony was bleeding out on the pavement between 106th Street and Madison Avenue, and people kept filming. Tony was dying, and Steve was asleep on the other end of the world, and his heart didn’t stop beating. “Steve?”“Go. Go, both of you, I’m okay.”He just needed the names.

*
Tony Stark’s life, from his first to his last breath, was spent under the optical sights of cameras. Even longer than that – his funeral was shown live on national television, and Steve could imagine how lost and foolish he would feel there. Still, sitting in a shabby room of another motel he was almost grateful for how lacking the journalists seemed to be in the tact and conscience departments. He wasn’t there, but he almost was. He should have been there, but he wasn’t. All of this was wrong.So Steve just sat and watched, etching every detail into his memory. That the casket was closed, that Pepper looked pale, Rhodey looked distant, and Happy looked ill. That crowds of people on the streets hid their faces behind Iron Man masks. That the president gave a speech, and that Secretary Ross looked clearly furious over something.That the old lady next to mournful Vision could easily be recognized as Wanda, and that the kid with tear-stained cheeks who stood a little to the side couldn’t be anyone else but the Spider from Queens. That Tony was utterly alone in a wooden crate, and that Steve was sitting in an armchair in a motel on the outskirts of Dublin, and his heart was still beating. “Fallen heroes look far more attractive than the living ones. And cause fewer problems.”Steve didn’t flinch, and didn’t turn his head. “Fury,” he said. “Rogers,” the man said in return, making himself comfortable in the armchair opposite. “Heard you’re looking for the sniper?”“You want to help?”“I want to ask you, politely, to leave it alone.”“Why?”“You’ve got far more pressing duties,” Fury said, and Steve found himself clenching his fists. “More pressing than the murder of my–“ He choked before he could finish the sentence. “Your what, Captain?” Fury sighed heavily and waved his hand, waiting for him to continue. Steve didn’t. “Past colleague?” he suggested politely. “Past friend? Past omega to your alpha?”“Shut your mouth,” Steve said. He had to keep himself from growling. Something furious, beastly, threatened to make its way 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Happy Ending
Mpreg
Translation from Russian
Fix-It
Alternate Universe
Presumed Dead
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

