Work Text:
“Stop,” Strange demands as Thanos lifts his gauntlet, five infinity stones glowing, and aims for Tony. Tony stares the gauntlet down, heart racing, lungs slowing, ready. His suit is ruined and everyone’s down. There’s nothing he can do.Thanos raises an eyebrow and gives Strange a look, not lowering his hand. “Spare his life, and I will give you the stone.”Silence. Nobody breathes or moves as the titan contemplates the deal. “No tricks.”Strange shakes his head, eyes steady on the gauntlet as it’s aimed towards him and off Tony.“Don’t,” Tony grunts, blood coating his tongue and teeth. His head hurts so damn much it’s hard to focus.Strange’s hand reaches up to the sky, and picks out the time stone between his index finger and thumb. Tony lets out a harsh, wet breath. His chest hurts in disappointment, at himself for failing and at Strange for giving in. Thanos holds out his hand, the gauntlet still aimed towards Strange, ready for the wizard to have a trick up his sleeve. But there’s no tricks. The time stone flows towards the titan quickly, until he holds it in his own hand. The titan’s eyes meet Tony’s, a smirk saying I won twitches on his face. Then the stone pops into the gauntlet.The last stone Thanos needs.Plasma shots hit the gauntlet as Thanos lifts his hand, and Quill is yelling, flying towards the giant and firing as quickly as he can. As he reaches Thanos, the titan swats him away and into the rubble. A smirk grazes Thanos’ features and then he snaps.“Did we just lose?” Quill asks, sitting up from the rubble. Thanos is gone.Tony stays silent and uses his glove to spray nanites over his wound, stitching himself back together inside and out. His head is racing, waiting for the other shoe to drop. “Mr. Stark-” Peter collapses on his knees beside Tony, “I could use some webs to help the bleeding.” His hands hover over the stab wound.Tony shakes his head, and pushes Peter’s hands away, “It’s fine, kid. I got it.”“Something’s happening,” Mantis whispers. All eyes shoot to her, and then she’s gone, nothing but dust falling to the ground.“Quill?” Drax asks, his arms already vanishing. Tony watches as Drax and then Quill vanish. He turns around, checking on Peter.“Tony,” Strange says, “There was no other way.” His eyes glance at Peter, who is standing beside Tony, too shocked to move or say anything, “Sorry, kid,” and he’s gone too.“Mr. Stark,” Peter starts, and Tony thinks no, no you can’t leave me too. Tony grabs onto the boy, holding him close, his healing wound the last thing on his mind.“You’re fine. You’re not going anywhere.” He presses his mouth into Peter’s hair, begging for him to stay.Peter hold him back, trembling in Tony’s arms, “What are we gonna do?”“We have Quill’s ship, we’ll try to-” He’s interrupted by a blue cloud a hundred feet behind Peter and says a quick, “Get behind me, kid,” as he steps in front of the boy, blocking him from the portal.Thanos steps out and grins, “You’re still here.” He steps towards the duo and Tony lifts his arm to use his repulsor, which forms quickly with his left over nanites. “I’m not here for you, Stark.” He waves the gauntlet and Tony goes flying into the boulder where Strange had vanished, knocking Peter down, and before he can fight back the rock grows over his arms and legs. Only his torso and head are left uncovered. “Pete, run, get out of here,” Tony begs, his repulsor firing into the rock where it's buried.Peter glances at Tony, then to Thanos, and jumps to his feet. His usually soft features morph into angry lines. He steps closer to Thanos.Tony screams, “Go!”Peter looks towards Tony again, “I’m not leaving you,” and misses his chance to dodge. Thanos grabs him around his waist with his right hand. His hand completely encases Peter’s waist, making the boy look smaller than he normally does. “Always playing the hero,” the titan whispers smugly.The boy lifts his hands to use his web shooters, but Thanos uses his right hand to tear them off Peter’s arms. “No!” Peter yells, trying to use his legs to kick the titan away, but the titan doesn’t budge. Thanos throws the web shooters over his shoulder and then takes Peter’s legs in his hand and yanks the bottom of the suit off him. “What are you doing?!”The nanites flow down and spread thin as they try and cover his body, but Thanos pulls them off as well. The rest comes off with no problem, leaving Peter completely exposed.“No, no- stop,” Peter begs, voice watery, “please.”Tony struggles to get out of the rock, but every time he starts to loosen the rock around him it grows back thicker around his limbs. He glances towards Peter when he hears him begging.The boy is… naked. Well, not completely. He’s got a black thong on, which should surprise Tony, but it doesn’t. The suit was made skin tight, everything outlined, and Tony had gotten quite a few glances of things he shouldn’t have. But right now, Peter was exposed, and blushing a bright pink from his chest, past his watery eyes, to his ears, and Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Thanos
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter is 16/17
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Canonical Character Death
Peter is tiny and Thanos is big
Peter wears a thong under his suit
Non-consensual Exhibitionism
Humiliation
Dirty Talk
Peter Parker has a small dick
Crying
Inappropriate use of the infinity gauntlet
Anal Fingering
Manhandling
lots of drooling
Illusions
belly bulge
Watersports
Come Inflation
Sloppy Seconds
Face-Fucking
Come as Lube
Come Sharing
Dark Tony Stark
Poor Peter just gets used
Size Difference

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Thanos
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

