Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter's fingertips graze the side of the building as he tumbles headfirst down the eleven stories below. Alarms ring through his mask, colors dancing across his viewfinder while he twists in the air and mutters, “Shit, shit!”He's so tired.“Thirty feet until impact,” Karen warns. “You have not reinstalled your parachute after the last fall, Peter.”“Don't need a lecture, Karen!”Peter tries to right himself enough to fire a web. There are walls on either side of him, and nothing close enough in front to connect to. His brain flashes through options as fast as it can. Collide into the building. Create a canopy below to catch him. Aim in the distance and hope for the best. What does he have time for? What will work?“Karen – agh!” He yelps, jolting when a hand circles his ankle, grip firm and steady, and pulls, yanking him away from the approaching ground. He squirms and cranes his neck, shielding his eyes against the sun to see who has caught him.“Oh,” he says, relaxing. “Hey, man.”Sam Wilson gives him a short look. “You web me and I drop you.”“That's fair.”They land on the roof of a shopping center two blocks over. Sam lowers him onto his hands, touching down to his right while Peter gets his feet under him. It's not the first time he's fallen in the last couple weeks, but it's the first time he's been saved by Sam, and he can tell by the irritation bleeding off him that Sam wishes it wasn't happening just as much as Peter does.He waits for him to launch into some rehearsed monologue or lecture about not being an idiot – Peter has heard it all before – but Sam is distracted, tapping away at the bracelet on his wrist.“How's it going?” Peter asks. “You know, the whole 'new Captain America' thing?”“Fine,” says Sam. “How's falling off buildings?”“Good. Really getting the hang of it.”“I see that.”He shifts the shield strapped to his back, and Peter feels like he's plummeting all over again. For a second that passes by like a dozen lifetimes, he sees it cracked and shattered, bloody, destroyed, Steve holding onto it like like a lifeline.His heart seizes in his chest. He stumbles a step and blinks to clear the memories.
We won, Mr. Stark. We won.
Sam turns his attention on him. Peter swallows. “You get to use it yet?” he asks, motioning to the shield.“Yeah.”“You like it?”“Uh huh.”“Hey,” Peter says, rocking on his heels, “Do you ever wonder why Steve picked you and not Bucky? 'Cause like, he and Bucky go really far back, don't they? Is Bucky mad that Steve picked you?”“You'd have to ask him.” Sam activates the wings of his suit. He scans over Peter, wary and calculating, the way he did on the battlefield while Peter cried and cried and cried. Sam had been the one to calm him then, but he must find what he needs to deem him okay enough to leave now.“Take the stairs,” he says.Peter gives him a shaky salute. “Aye, aye, Captain.”He watches Sam take off, flying back into the city to help mend what's been broken. Most of Peter's patrolling lately has been this – aiding in the rebuild, catching squatters and people breaking into boarded off apartments and shops so owners can restore and start over. Five years and only now is the world righting itself too, desperate not to fall anymore, trusting hands ready to catch it if it does.Peter takes the stairs down to the street. He always hits the ground, one way or another. Some days it just hurts less.- - -Bucky finds him later in Queensbridge in the shell of a building under construction.“You sleeping up there, Webs?”The sound of his voice in the comm startles Peter and he nearly tips out of the hammock he's made for himself.“Mr. Stark?” he asks, jumbled, half-awake, but then he remembers. No. Not Tony. Tony is gone. It's been four months and six days and somehow Peter manages to catch himself in these moments where he forgets, where his thoughts are soupy and slip and slide and he can convince himself everything is the same, everyone is alive. He can convince himself they really did win.But these moments don't last. They never do.Bucky speaks again, softer. “It's Bucky. You all right?”Peter ignores him. It's like anything else these days – blink and it's gone. He peers over the side of his makeshift bed to where Bucky is sitting on his motorcycle at the curb, looking up at him. The bike's engine hums softly in the quiet of the night.“How'd you know where I was?” Peter asks, which is stupid, because, hello, trained assassin.“You're becoming more well known for the insane places you nap and less for the crime you fight. You do fight crime still, right? Or did you settle into an early retirement?”Peter rolls his eyes, forgetting about the mask and the dark and how high up he is. “I was just resting.”“Okay, Grandpa.” He shoots a web at one of the concrete pillars and Bucky takes him in with a tired expression of his own, eyebrows pinched as he tracks Peter's movement to the ground. “But
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fix-It
time heist
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Angst with a Happy Ending
i just need to bring tony back
that's all this is

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

