Work Text:
Tony froze in place, unable to move a muscle, to make a sound through the horrible rictus of pain coursing through every cell of his body.For an eternity he was trapped, locked in place as pure energy flowed through his veins. More than one man could handle.Even Iron-Man had his limits.He shook and fought against the paralysis, struggling to remember his mission to snap his fingers before the Mad Titan turned the tables on them yet again. He had to. For Pepper. For Morgan. For Peter. For all the lives lost and regained that Thanos wanted to crush into nothing yet again.For all life in the Universe.This would kill him but it was worth it to save them all. Almost there.He jolted to one side and heard a scream, sharp and bright in his right ear. Before he could register why it sounded so familiar he jolted yet again, to the right this time, his shoulder gripped so tightly he could feel it compress his armor. Then his left hand was clasped tight enough to pinch even through his armor.Who? What was happening?Suddenly pain was lessened, was shared. It decreased moment by moment until he could open his eyes and see the field of battle. See Doctor Strange and his sorcerers holding a barrier around… Tony looked into the glowing multicolored eyes of his wife, gripping his Infinity Gauntlet in her Rescue Armor.“Pepp?” he rasped out, jerking his eyes away to see Peter clutching his shoulder and War Machine holding his other hand. From there the line of heroes continued, bound like the flight crew from Air Force One but by magical energy rather than magnetism.Nebula held tight to Rhodey with a beautiful green woman clutching her other arm, Star Lord held Peppers’ shoulder and…was that tree branches wrapped around his torso?Drax, Mantis, Rocket, Ant-man and the Wasp at normal human size except was he seeing double? Were there two of each? The line of heroes stretched on and wound in on itself until he lost sight of them all.“Finish it, Tony,” Pepper gasped, trembling from the force flowing through them. He nodded and faced the Mad Titan who had been held off by the Scarlett Witch who was now engaged in combat by the formidable Ebony Maw. What had he said before his failed snap? ‘I am inevitable?’“We are The Avengers.”He snapped his fingers and watched as understanding and sorrow filled Thanos’ eyes just before he crumbled to dust.The wreckage of his ship, his ‘children’, weapons, comrades, and allies, his filth all vanished from the universe in an instant.All so much dust.Then came the screaming. Wanda shrieking as she faded away yet again was easily drowned out by Asgardian cheers as those murdered by the Titan before the Snap reappeared all around them, dazed and confused but blessedly alive.“Brother!!” Thor’s cry of delight echoed across the battlefield.“Did I not tell you the sun would shine on us again?” Loki demanded of Thor, eyes wet with tears as they clung to one another.Tony snapped once more sending a jolt through the chain of heroes as the Infinity Stones left the gauntlet and returned to their place and form in history in the flicker of an eye.Dr. Strange turned to him with a smile and crossed his arms to open the re-formed Eye of Agomoto to show the time stone in it’s proper place. “One,” he said smugly, smiling wider than Tony would have thought possible for the standoffish man.“Alright, not bad,” Tony conceded with a grin, wrapping his arms around Pepper and pulling her in for a deep I can’t believe we survived this kiss that she returned with gusto.“How did you know to do that?” he asked her softy when they finally pulled apart.“That’d be me and my awesome plan!” Star-Lord said with a sad smile. “I told you to leave the planning to me.” He concluded softly, looking past Tony to where Nebula and her sister were deep in conversation.“It was just liked the dance off to save Xandar,” Drax said gruffly. “We held Quill to stop the stone from killing him.”“Yeah! He was like grab Stark or he’ll explode!! So we all just ran in and-” Tony didn’t bother to swallow his tears when he turned to pull Peter into another hug.“Good work, kid. You did real good work.”“Thank you Mr. Stark, I just wanted to make you proud," came the muffled reply.“You did.”“And then some,” Rhodey clasped the young man’s shoulder affectionately.“So, has it really been five years?”~~~~“Tony you can’t dismantle the time machine!” Steve insisted, mad eyed and tense. “You can’t know if we’ll need it again.” He’d shown up too late to stop them from making that decision and he didn’t know enough about the science to ever hope of getting the machine up and running on his own.“This power isn’t to be used lightly Mr. Rogers.” Dr. Strange cut in firmly. “Time is delicate and sacred; the fact that we were able to pull this off without destroying the fabric of Space Time is a miracle one in-well- higher than you can count chance.”“We can’t risk it further, Steve. Besides, the stones are back where they belong and Thor already returned Mjolnir t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Character Death Fix
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is Not Captain America
Engame Spoilers!!
My First Work in This Fandom
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Civil War Team Iron Man
Creepy Steve Rogers
Not Steve Friendly
Fix-It

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

