Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As if you hadn’t enough stress. You had been scraping together since you’d gotten the notice. A whole month to get your shit together and it was all falling apart. It seemed like no matter what you did to get ahead, it wasn’t enough. A full work week at the office and commissions for generic social media articles just weren’t cutting it. Your rent had gone up a whole fifty dollars and it had put everything in shambles. It looked like you’d be back to your diet of ramen. That too was gonna bite you in the ass soon.
After a tiresome eight hours at your desk, you were stood in the bank; waiting. A single bank fee had ruined your life as it was. Twenty dollars really added up when you were stretching every penny. You were hoping it could be reversed, otherwise it would be followed by an overdraft fee and a late fee on your rent when the cheque bounced. This was your only hope and that had been a rare treasure in the last year.
The queue dwindled down slowly. You envied those ahead of you who looked to have their lives together. Tailored suits and ironed skirts and you in your frumpy turtleneck and straight-legged pants. You were just pretending to be responsible. You had zoned out in your self-pity and a tap on the shoulder cued you as your turn to step up to a teller came. You turned and thanked the tall blond man who had gently poked you back to reality. He smiled; his blue eyes sparkled and you smiled back. His dark suit foretold your rent’s worth in fabric.
You spun around and hurried up to the counter and set your purse on it. “Hello, how are you today?” The cheery teller chimed.
“Um, okay,” You shrugged, “Not very well, really.” You looked around, the blond man was at the window beside yours. You focused on your teller, “Uh yeah, so my monthly fee on transactions is wrong and I have no idea why. I counted and everything.”
“Okay, swipe your card and we’ll have a look,” She said sweetly. It was a little reassuring. You took out your wallet and slid your card along the slot. You waited as her eyes scanned the screen. Her lips scrunched as she read and her demeanour turned staunch. “I see, so our monthly rates have been adjusted.”
“What? But I didn’t get anything about it. No e-mail, no letter.” She took out a brochure and slid it through her window. “Please, you have to reverse it. I can pay next month’s but I mean, I had no notice.”
“All the information is in there,” She reached under the glass to tap the folded paper, “Effective at the beginning of this month.”
You sighed quietly and held your chin as you thought. “Are you sure you can’t do anything? Please? My rent is due and if it bounces, I’m screwed. Just one week, please, and I’ll have the money.”
“Sorry,” She sounded genuinely sympathetic, “I can’t. Really, if I could I would. Once a fees been deposited, it can’t be reversed.”
“Shit. Ah, sorry,” You rubbed your forehead nervously. “God, what am I gonna do?” You frowned at the helpless teller and nodded in grim acceptance. “I just gotta figure it out, I guess.”
You tucked your wallet away and dropped your hands against your thighs. You turned and walked embarrassed from across the bank lobby. You dragged your feet to the top of the steps as you pulled out your phone. You dialed your sister’s number and waited for her to answer. She picked up after the fifth ring as you leaned against a marble column.
“I’m totally fucked,” You greeted without pretense, “I don’t know what to do.”
“What’s up?” She asked. You could hear her moving around as she spoke.
“I had everything added up. Just enough to make rent and a stupid bank fee!” Your voice had risen louder than expected. “I didn’t even know and– I can’t ask mom for more money. Not again. I feel awful. And my online work has pretty much dried up. Data entry isn’t near enough to cut it either. You know, sitting and typing all day doesn’t really pay a fortune.”
You sighed and pushed your head back against the stone pillar. “I know, Y/N,” She said gently, “I can help you, if you need?”
“No, not again…I’m just…I don’t know, I’ll have to find something.” You dropped your head forward and covered your face with your hand as you thought. “I can’t believe this is happening. I–I should have my shit together by now.”
“Look, Y/N, it’s not the end of the world. How much do you need?”
“No!” You threw your hand down and jolted yourself away from the column. “I can’t. Not this time. You guys aren’t always going to be able to bail me out. Maybe I should get a roommate.”
“You lived in a bachelor with a conjoined bedroom and kitchen, where would you possibly keep a roommate?” She scoffed.
“Damn it. You’re right,” You cursed, “Well…something’s gotta give. Maybe I can talk to the landlord or…or…the bank already said no but I could hurry my last commission…” You rambled to yourself and stopped sharply as you stared pacing around the top step of the bank. “Sorry, Dania, I’ll let you go. This isn’t your problem.”
“No, it is. Because you’re my sister.” Sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Sugar Daddy
Sugar Daddy Steve
possibly darker later on
haven't decided yet
steve rogers - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

