Work Text:
“So that’s your kid, huh? He’s nice,” Bruce said, which was a vast understatement to how much he already liked the kid just ten minutes after meeting him. The kid was polite, smart, and kind-hearted - and the fact hat Peter had spent a good portion of those ten minutes enthusiastically firing questions about Bruce’s scientific work at him may have also played a part.“He’s not - well, he’s kind of my kid, yes. It’s complicated.” Tony stared at the Iron Man gauntlet on the work table in front of him as if it could give him all the answers to life’s questions.“Reminds me of Spider-Man, you know,” Bruce said casually. He was pretty sure he was dead-on with that assumption, but he still wanted to gauge Tony’s reaction. Tony just dropped his glasses on the table and rolled his eyes.“You’re too smart for your own good, Banner.”Bruce grinned crookedly. “PhDs’ gotta pay off somehow.”“I suppose you’re right.” Tony sighed. “Yeah, he’s Spider-Man. Been doing it for years, already before I ever knew him - apparently some rogue radioactive spider bit him, and now he’s enhanced and running around Queens chasing after muggers and cats and whatnot. Reckless and without any sense of self-preservation, but don’t bring it up or he’ll talk about responsibility and hold up the moral high ground and everything.” Tony’s tone was way too fond to convince Bruce that he was actually annoyed.“Sounds like someone else I know.” Bruce looked up and met Tony’s eyes, smirking slightly. “Maybe minus the moral high ground,” Bruce added. Tony huffed, but Bruce could see the amusement in his eyes.“I guess you’re not wrong.”They could’ve dropped the topic here, just working in silence until Peter returned from his shower and his homework, but Bruce’s scientific curiosity got the better of him. “So he’s enhanced? What can he do?”Without looking up from the 3D hologram blueprints of the gauntlet Friday had pulled up, Tony replied: “Pretty weird stuff, but it comes in handy. He can stick to almost any surface. Almost gave me an aneurysm when I saw him walking on the ceiling the first time.” Tony chuckled a bit to himself. “Super senses, hearing, sight, the whole shebang. Plus what we call his Spider-sense, for lack of a better word - he can sense danger before it’s there. You could fire bullets at him while he’s blindfolded and he’d dodge them all.”Bruce stared at his friend in disbelief - that was a superpower if he’d ever heard one. Tony met his incredulous look and laughed. “Yeah, it’s freaky to watch - and I still haven’t figured out how it works, so it’s a bit of a sore spot for the scientist in me.” Tony swiped away some holograms.“He also has an enhanced metabolism, which means he eats for three and we had to use a variant of Cap’s medicine on him whenever he needs it. It’s really mostly anaesthetics for when he gets into trouble though, his immune system also got a spider boost so he rarely gets sick. - Oh, and enhanced speed and strength, too.” Tony turned back to his gauntlet, working on a nano-circuit under a magnifying glass.Bruce let out a low whistle. That was quite the list of powers. “Strength too, you say? Like Steve?”Tony scoffed while screwing a tiny screw into place. “Probably more than even him. He told me he can lift more than ten tons.” He bent forward over his new gauntlet, inspecting the wiring under a magnifying glass and completely missing Bruce’s flabbergasted expression.“Ten tons?” Bruce set down his beaker and turned to give Tony his full attention.“Crazy shit, right? Doesn’t look it, and yet...” Tony shrugged, setting the magnifying glass down and stretching his back.“Pretty crazy, yeah. But Tony -” Tony looked up at hearing Bruce’s thinly veiled concern in his tone of voice.“How - how do you know that? How did you test it?”Tony chuckled lightly. “I didn’t test it, Bruce. This isn’t gym class.”Bruce stared at him. “Tony, it’s not really that I think he’s lying. But have you never wondered just how Peter knows, specifically , that he’s able to lift ten tons of weight?”The penny dropped and Tony sat up faster than he’d thought he ever could in his age. He felt his already strained back crack but chose to ignore it.“Friday, tell Peter to come down here immediately, there are a few questions we need to discuss.” His voice was laced in urgency, and Bruce hurried to backtrack.“Tony, I mean, I wasn’t saying he did anything illegal - maybe he figured out how to convert spider strength to human strength, or maybe there’s a virtual way to analyse his proportional muscle and bone density -”“A computer analysis that I - and Friday - don’t know about?” Tony asked sarcastically. “Yeah, somehow I don’t find that plausible.”“Maybe he asked the Wakandan princess? You said they talk, right?” Bruce offered. He realised he’d spoken to Peter for less than fifteen minutes and yet he was up in arms defending him. Perhaps Tony’s drastic change in demeanour over the recent years wasn’t quite as unlikely as it had seemed - at least 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Light Angst
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
tony finds out about the building collapsing on peter
bruce meets peter and witnesses tony being a Dad (tm)
Angst with a Happy Ending
but like super light angst don't worry
Identity Reveal
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Rated Teen for some swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

