Work Text:
Tony Stark woke up, like clockwork, every morning at 2:00 am.The habit had started back when Morgan was just a baby, when Tony’s life had become a patchwork of late-night feeding and soothing sessions. And somehow, even once his daughter started sleeping soundly through the night, the routine had stuck. It didn’t matter how many therapists spent hours and hours trying to coax him through the trauma, didn’t matter that Pepper installed a top-of-the-line baby monitor in the little girl’s room. He just… couldn’t shake the nagging fear that one morning he’d wake up to a crib-full of ash.So, he checked. Did rounds. At first, Pepper had tried to convince him to stop, to relax, to trust in the mundane domesticity that they had carved out for themselves, but it hadn’t taken her long to realize that it was far easier to let Tony slip down the hall and settle himself than to keep him in bed and let him stew.Tonight was no different. He tried not to wake her up as he slipped out of bed, padded out of their room and into the familiar corridor. Morgan’s door was open just slightly, her nightlight glowing through the crack and casting a glare on the hardwood floor.Tony peeked in, and immediately felt a part of him calm. Morgan was, of course, perfectly fine. Sleeping soundly with one arm wrapped around the stuffed elephant Rhodey had given her at her first birthday party. He could see her star-covered blanket rising and falling with each gentle breath, up, down, steady, slow, alive.Not dust. Not ash. Just a four-year-old girl, sleeping in her bed.He lingered for a few minutes, leaning against the wooden doorframe with his arms crossed, waiting until his anxiety quieted into a background buzz.It was hard to leave (it always was), but he forced himself to push away and settle Morgan’s door back just as it had been. He turned, out of habit, towards his and Pepper’s room, then faltered, eyes darting slightly further down the hall. He let his instinct guide his feet, leading him to the only room left. This door was closed, but not locked, so Tony turned the handle slowly and slipped inside, trying to keep his entrance as silent as possible.Peter’s room had only finished being renovated a few weeks ago, so it still smelled like fresh wood and new flooring. In spite of the polished smell, evidence of the kid’s habitation were everywhere. Two pairs of worn jeans were flung over the back of a desk chair. A red and black backpack was peeking out from the closet, with a pair of sneakers, still tied, tossed just a foot or so away. Tony spotted a few bags of chips on the kid’s bedside table, and smiled to himself. Always eating.Of course, the most obvious indication of Peter’s presence was the teenager himself, who was currently curled up under his Starfleet Academy duvet. His back was to the door, but Tony only had to watch him for a handful of seconds to realize that, despite the hour, the kid was very much awake.Maybe it was a little creepy to admit, but Tony knew Peter and Morgan’s breathing patterns better than he knew the curves of his own hands. Then again, he also had both of their social security numbers memorized and still relied on Pepper when it came to his own, so even if it was a little overprotective, it certainly wasn’t out of character.The rhythm of Peter’s breaths were too short and deliberately placed for him to be asleep. Faking sleep, though? Yeah, they were definitely on par for that.“Hey, kid,” he called out softly, closing the door behind him with a barely audible click.“Hey,” Peter replied.It took him all of five steps to get to the kid’s bed, and he settled himself down on the mattress with a badly muffled groan. All those years being Iron Man had not been kind to his body. He felt a flash of regret when Peter flinched at the sound.“Wanna tell me why you’re not asleep right now?” He murmured, concern churning in his stomach.Peter rolled over and stared up at him with glassy eyes, and Tony was faced with the uncomfortable realization that he’d probably been crying. “Wanna tell me why you’re creeping into my room in the middle of the night?”“Uh, first of all, I was not creeping.”Peter sniffled, but still managed what seemed to be genuine smile. “You were kinda creeping.”“I own the house, Pete, I can go wherever I please.” He gave the kid’s shoulder a playful push. “Now, stop changing the subject and answer the damn question.”The kid sighed, deflating, which was about what Tony had expected. Unlike himself, Peter rarely took any real coercion to open up. In all honesty, Peter wanted comfort, and he’d grown up in a series of households that encouraged him when he sought it out. The only block came from his own determination that he was independent now, that he could handle his own shit.At the end of the day, though, the want for Tony to fix his problems always, always won out.“I was just… thinking.”“About what?”“Stuff.”“Very enlightening. Wanna give me details?”Peter watched him silently for a few hear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Y'ALL BE HEARING ME?
endgame spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Sleepy Peter Parker
listen this is just my way of coping
it's nearly 4k of sleepiness
y'all know how it be sometimes
Fix-It
Tony Stark Lives

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

