Chapter 1: I Am A Question To The World
    




Chapter Text
It’s over.That was Carol’s first thought when Thanos destroyed the van containing the portal to the quantum realm.There’s got to be another way.That was her next thought. But Thanos was coming towards her, a victorious grin on his ugly purple face. She didn’t have time to think of anything else.Time.Something Stark had told her five years ago returned to the forefront of her thoughts. The time wizard - Dr. Strange - had seen fourteen billion possibilities for the outcome of this war. Only one of them had a happy ending.And assuming this was the one, then that meant this moment - this one moment - was the pivotal moment. It was do or die, now or never, and every other cliche that she couldn’t think of. “How many times do you Terrans have to fail before you give up?” asked Thanos as he approached. “I’ve already succeeded in this timeline, and I will do it again.”“No, you won’t,” said Carol, making a decision that she hoped she would not regret.“Oh, and why is that?” asked Thanos, amused.“Because… they didn’t have me last time,” she told him boldly, standing up with the gauntlet still in her hands.“And what makes you so special?”She glanced at Strange, who nodded. “I’m Captain Marvel.”And then she slid the gauntlet onto her hand.The power was overwhelming at first, more than she’d ever felt in her life. She fought for control for what seemed like ages, but was probably only an instant in reality. She brought her hand to eye level, looked at a surprised and possibly fearful Thanos straight in the eyes, and snapped.
It was over, truly over. Thanos and his armies were gone. Carol had done it. Tony gave her a grateful look before turning his attention to his first priorities.Pepper and Peter.He didn’t have far to look. Pepper landed next to him as soon as the last of the scourge had vanished. Peter was nearby, making his way through the wreckage of the Avengers headquarters towards them.“We did it,” said Pepper.Tony smiled for the first time in a while. “Yeah, we did.”“Mr. Stark!” cried Peter, running up to them. “Miss Potts! What happened? I mean, I know we just defeated Thanos, but like, I feel like I’m missing a few important pieces here?”Tony didn’t answer, merely stepping forward and pulling Peter into a second hug. When they pulled apart, Peter glanced between Pepper and Tony. “How long… was I gone?”“We’ll tell you everything,” said Tony. “Just give us a little time. Cap needs us.”“And we’ll take you to see your aunt as soon as we can,” said Pepper. Peter’s eyes widened at the mention of his aunt. “She is so going to ground me when she finds out I went to space.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Irondad
spiderson

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

