Chapter 1: YEAR 1: PART I - VOLUME I
    


Summary:

Tony: ALL alphas are -Steve: *exists*Tony:Tony:Tony: Okay, SOME alphas are -





Chapter Text

YEAR 1
VOLUME I

 
 a·gen·cy    
  /ˈājənsē/ noun noun: agency; plural noun: agencies 
the capacity of individuals to act independently and to make their own free choices.
Example: An Omega is allowed their Agency from birth to 18 years of age, then, at which point, their Agency will be removed until they should legally marry and do their Civic Duty by increasing the American Population to its former glory, as mandated by the Conception and Espousal Act.


 
Tony is minding his own business when something life-changing happens on the 28th of May.
Okay, that’s kind of downplaying things a bit.
Context: Tony is standing in the alley of a movie theater in Brooklyn, waiting for someone to come out the exit so he can sneak in, because legally, he’s not allowed to be out this late without a chaperone, nor can he purchase a ticket on his own without the proper identification that either shows he’s bonded or any other secondary gender that isn’t Omega.
So yeah, sneaking in was his best bet.
He’d been waiting for a while when these two guys come bursting out.
The taller of the two is obviously some knothead Alpha, based on what Tony can tell about his height and his stature, as well as the cocky way he holds himself.
Tony wants to roll his eyes at the blatant display of macho-assertiveness, but he’s too busy watching the smaller guy glare the bigger man down. He thinks the smaller guy is an Omega, who is being cornered by some Alpha who doesn’t know the meaning of no.
They exchange a few words, speaking in low but hostile tones, which means Tony can’t really make out what’s being said. But naturally Tony inserts himself in the situation just as the bigger guy takes a vicious swing at the defiant Omega.
The Omega goes flying back into the trash cans and that’s about as much as Tony can take.
“Hey, dipshit, why don’t you get lost?” Tony shoves him out of the way when it looks like the Alpha is about to climb into the garbage heap after the Omega and do some real damage.
The Alpha snarls but then blinks, taken aback when he realizes who would dare interrupt him. “Omega. Soft little O,” he sighs and his pupils dilate. “What’s a hot thing like you doing in a place like this?”
Tony rolls his eyes. He’s not blind, he knows what he looks like. “Why don’t you get lost?” he repeats, voice firm but puts on a smile that’s full of false charm. “Or I’ll call the cops and tell them you attacked a bonded Omega. You look about six foot two, dark hair, weighing about two hundred and some change. Let’s see, red shirt, black jeans. Yeah, you’ll be easy to describe.”
The Alpha pales, not calling his bluff, and is gone in the next second. If there was one thing Alphas feared more than anything, it is being accused of touching what ‘belongs’ to someone else. The penalty for that was losing your Agency as an Alpha indefinitely. And Alphas loved their Agency more than anything on this planet. It's help lowered the statistics somewhat for sexual assault.
Tony turns just as the Omega is struggling to his feet, tossing away a garbage can top he looks like he'd been prepared to use as a shield. “You okay, kid?” he asks, because the guy doesn’t look a day over 19. “You know there are much easier ways to piss off an Alpha without getting a black eye. Trust me, I am definitely an authority on that.”
The Omega huffs and dusts himself off. “Guy was being disrespectful. Throwing popcorn and making a commotion. I asked him to stop. He asked me if we could take it outside. I didn’t disagree,” he explains simply.
Tony gets a good look at him. He seems to be unusually scrawny, not like a skeleton, no, but more like a good stiff wind would be enough to knock him over. His clothes kind of hang on him in the same way they might a mannequin or a plastic hanger. His blond hair, which he was trying to smooth down into something more socially acceptable, seemed golden when compared to his fair, lily white skin. His hands seemed pretty large on such a small frame. Tony can’t say he’s ever seen an Omega with such long fingers. He had nice eyes though. Blue eyes that seemed like he could see right through you. He was handsome, if not a little unconventional. He smells like cinnamon spices and rich mahogany, and ... like an Alpha, which Tony assumes means he’s bonded.
“Not a kid, by the way,” the guy adds, interrupting Tony's thoughts. He lifts an eyebrow when he notices how Tony's been looking him up and down, but Tony simply grins innocently. “And I appreciate the help, but I didn’t need it. I had him on the ropes.”
Tony laughs and then laughs hard when the little guy flushes with irritation. “Sorry to break up the fun, but I guess I get pissed when I see someone pushing their weight around like that. I don’t like bullies.”
Something in the guy’s face softens and he winces into a half-grin that Tony is having a hard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Erik Killmonger & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Touch-Starved
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
First Time for Everything Fest
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Emotional Abuse
Marriage of Convenience
Secret Identity
POV Alternating
Angst with a Happy Ending
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Mild References to Sexual Repression
Rimming
Mutual Pining
Knotting
Getting to Know Each Other
Misunderstandings
Jealousy
Possessive Behavior
Age Regression/De-Aging
Praise Kink
Mpreg
Idiots in Love
Comic Book Science
Time Travel Fix-It
Comic Book Violence
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Infinity Gems
no beta we die like men
this is all freeform if that’s not obvious
Villians Everywhere
Domestic Discipline
Political Unrest
Climate Crisis
Falling In Love
Venom Redemption Arc
my kink is good communication
Mutant Rights
Very Light Switching
Light Dom/sub
Steve Rogers Lies
Tony Stark Feels
Sex Positive
DUM-E is a problem child
Retrograde Amnesia
Sharon Carter is The Winter Soldier
Author is also autistic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Erik Killmonger & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

