Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James Rhodes loves Tony. They are brothers in every way but by blood. Yes, he gets exasperated, irritated, and the better half of their years together Tony drove him up the wall... but at the end of it all, he would always care for the brunette like family. His patience, however, has frequently been tested. Rhodes honestly wondered during their initial years of friendship where he would draw the line. But as he made sure Tony didn’t drown in his own vomit several nights a week during his party day, picked him up at three in the morning in god knows where, fought alongside him during various life-threatening situations, dealt with his quarter-life crisis, middle-life crisis, every other crisis ever in existence... he was starting to get the impression that maybe... just maybe... there was no limit to the love he felt for his friend. A fact he became quite proud of. But today, that theory was once again tested in ways he never thought possible. Well, to be fair, he never thought it was possible for his best friend to have not one, but two exes with superhuman abilities. “Someone please explain to me what is going on!” he cried out to the scene in front of him. Some immediately turned towards him with what the Colonel can guess as relief. But most seemed unable to take their eyes off of Captain America and Doctor Strange who both looked about ready to commit murder. There was debris all along the surrounding area of the common room, furniture broken to pieces, and the floor-to-ceiling glass window behind them was mostly blown out by what the Colonel guessed to be Clint’s arrow. That was most likely the explosion he had heard as he entered the compound and what triggered FRIDAY's alert to his presence being needed upstairs. Rhodes chanced a glance towards Scott Lang. One of the few, if he had to take a wild guess from his experiences so far, was probably not part of the instigator for unnecessary violence. But Scott shook his head quickly, eyes wide as if trying to convey he was just as confused. “Uh…. Colonel Rhodes….?” Was this kid actually raising his hand? Rhodes gave Peter a look that he hoped obviously conveyed hurry up kid. There was momentary guilt. He was usually friendlier to the teen. He definitely liked this polite boy from Queens that Tony has been so fond of in recent years. It was also worth noting that Peter being around actually helped mitigate the billionaire's reckless behavior, which in turn, certainly made his own life a bit easier. But right now he just wanted answers and quick. “Uh- well… Mr. Stark dated Doctor Strange a while back before he was… Doctor Strange... but after the car accident he sort of just disappeared on Mr. Stark…” Oh, he already can see where this might be going. He was one of the few in the room who completely knew about Stephen and Tony’s relationship from the old days. Actually, he had been quite taken aback with the whole Sorcerer Supreme thing upon doctor's return for that reason. “...Mr. Stark moved on and got together with Captain America as everyone here probably already knows but they broke up when he nearly killed him Siberia-” There were some side remarks from a handful in the room and even Rhodes frowned a bit at the words. He was, of course, there during the Accords issue for the most part but when he asked Tony what happened during the time he was out of action, Tony had been vague. Said that he had followed Rogers and Barnes to Siberia intending to help after realizing Barnes might be innocent, they fought after finding out about Barnes's past, and he lost. Nearly killed? That part wasn’t exactly mentioned. “Then Thanos happened. And Doctor Strange came back and they are back together again after the war... but things just got really awkward when old Avengers came back to the compound…” Peter was speaking rather fast now. And Rhodey bit back the urge to ask how Peter knew all this, to begin with. “…and I just don’t want Mr. America to steal Dad away from my other Dad-” There was a pause. “Did you just call Tony ‘Dad’?” Lieutenant Colonel James Rupert “Rhodey” Rhodes had wondered for decades where he may draw the line with Tony’s crazy life. And this was it. “TONYYYYYYYY” 
  “Okay, so my life is a bit messy right now.” “Did you know the kid called you ‘Dad’?” “Really?” Rhodes can see his friend’s eyes light up a little. If this whole situation wasn’t as weird and problematic as it was, he may have thought the little happiness on Tony’s face was rather endearing. “I’m adopting the kid.” “Tony, the kid already has a guardian.” “Actually May an I had this talk couple days ago. She may have to move away due to work relocation but she wanted Peter to have a choice to stay here and finish school with his friends. And since she already was thinking it might be great for Pete to have a sort of father figure in his life-“ “Wait, wait, Tony are you serious?” He was very well aware that Tony basically treated the kid as his own son but he h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other minor pairings

freeform: 
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Stephen
Stephen and Tony meets before Iron Man I
Tony-centric
Stephen-centric
Jealousy
Team Iron Man
relationships are never simple
Unhealthy sides of relationships too
but I swear there will be a happy ending eventually
Fix-It
Sort of not Rogues friendly
No one is a complete saint or complete sinner
sorry the tags may change - things may get added
Possessiveness
Supreme Family
Irondad
Ironstrange is the endgame
I used to warn for "not steve friendly" but its more for just in case?
but I really do like steve & stony tbh and think it shows in things I write
Minor Character Death
Morally Ambiguous Character

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other minor pairings

