Work Text:
Steve struggled to his feet, hastily re-strapping his broken shield to his damaged wrist and took in the scene before him.Iron-Man was down for the count. He tightened his wrists strap and turned in horror to see Thor pinned by the Mad Titan, Stormbreaker nearly puncturing his chest as he fought with all his strength to save his own life. They were out of time and out of options.It all happened in a blur after that. Steve remembered that party so long ago now when Tony’s hubris nearly destroyed the Earth. When he’d proven himself worthy.He reached and pulled Mjolnir to him, vindicated when it lifted off the ground, crackling with lightning and mystical energy and flew not to Thor’s hand but to…Iron-Mans.Steve gaped in disbelief.Tony was still lying prone on the battle field; head against the rocks he’s struck from a blow Steve would have thought killed him had it not been for the light of the arc reactor still powering his suit. But his right hand was aloft, clutching the hammer as lighting flowed out of it into the Iron-Man armor reviving the fallen hero.He rose to his feet, then off the ground looking for all things like a God of War coming to claim his victory.“Well, how about that?” Tony’s robotic voice echoed contemplatively before he struck hard and fast with all the vengeance and fury at his command.Surely there must be a learning curve for using the hammer? Then again, Tony had always been intuitive with weapons and with FRIDAY to advise him…Steve watched, frozen in shock as Tony called down lighting and wielded the hammer like he was born to it, alternating with blasts from his repulsors until Potts and Rhodes showed up and well…Steve hadn’t felt so useless since before the serum.They managed to keep him occupied in a three sided battle until Wanda landed in their midst and restrained the struggling maniac with her mind magic.Meanwhile the battle raged around them, like a distant dream when suddenly Thanos cried out, eyes wide as all around him his army crumbled to ash before he joined them.“Whoa, what happened?”  man’s voice called out, sounding shocked.Steve turned and saw Captain Marvel wielding Thanos’ gauntlet, fully binary though her colors flickered and shifted like a kaleidoscope. For a moment Steve feared she might burst.She wavered for a moment and fell back to Earth in a slump where Spider-Man quickly pulled the gauntlet off and set it aside.Chattering voices filled the air.“I didn’t know she could get tired, much less pass out!”“Is she alright?”“Did we win?”“Carol? CAROL?!”“Give her some space, give her some room, FRIDAY?”“Her vitals are leveling out boss, she’s fine, just overloaded so to speak.”“Oh my god we did it!”It all jumbled together in Steve’s head. After all this they’d won. But…how?All those years ago The Hammer had moved; the look on Thor’s face confirmed it. Even with the help of his best friend and their robot-gloves Tony hadn’t been able to shift it an inch so what had changed?Why hadn’t Mjolnir come to Steve? It had flown right past him and…“Steve! Man you did it, you saved us!” he looked up to his team Sam, Wanda, T’Challa, Bucky and so many more surrounding him, greeting each other and asking a million questions but Steve only had one.
Why not me?

~~
"Well we couldn’t just send the Stones back as is. We took a scepter, we can’t return a stone. Same goes for the tesserect."“So what then?”“We reset them with the Time Stone,” Dr. Strange said placidly. “We’ve since broken up into teams and are returning each item to its proper place in time.Steve’s face felt hot, his throat tight at the implication. How could he pull this off with a team at his back?“Teams? Why not just a solo mission? No need to send more than one person, it would be a waste of particles.” He argued weakly.Strange looked at him with cool, unimpressed eyes that made Steve feel exposed, like the Sorcerer could see right through him.“We’ve already set the teams. Mr. Stark requested to return the scepter to its proper place in time and has already chosen his team, with permission of course.” A slight quirk of his mouth was the only sign of amusement from the other man.“Colonel Rhodes and Captain Danvers have already returned the tesseract to the base. I’ll be returning the time stone to my mentor. Thor will of course return the ether to Asgard along with Tony’s hammer.” This time there was a definite smirk when Steve flinched at the appellation. “And the Guardians will split into two teams to return the Soul Stone and the Power stone to their respective locations.”“I’d like to help in some way,” he said, still trying to formulate a way to keep his plans from falling apart. Though it had already begun hadn’t it? When Bucky had refused to go back with him, not wanting to risk ‘screwing with the timeline.’ Even though Steve explained that’s not how it worked.
“This is our place in time now, Stevie. We have to accept that. Even if I wanted to…I can’t go back and just…be Bucky anymore. I’m too far gone
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Endgame
POV Steve Rogers
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Steve Rogers Feels
Creepy Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony

fandom: 
None
