Work Text:
"I don't know the guy personally, other than his name and reputation, but is there a reason I'm not being sent to find him?" Tony asked, throwing the newspaper on the table in front of Phil Coulson.  The headline announced that Tony Stark, billionaire, playboy, and philanthropist, not to mention weapons designer, was still missing.  "We know he got taken in Afghanistan.  I now have several deadly animals on tap in the area.  Why aren’t we going?  It's been a week."Phil pulled the paper closer, not looking happy."It's not like you couldn't have pulled me off the last mission early.  I didn't really need to be there," Tony continued to argue as he sat down.  "Do we hate this guy or something?""Sometimes," Phil said honestly.Clint came into the kitchen where Phil and Tony were sitting.  He glanced at the paper and winced.  "Told you he'd find out.""Thanks, Clint," Phil said with an annoyed glance.  "Not helping.""Were you really trying to keep this from me?" Tony asked, actually shocked.  "You can't pass a TV without it playing as the top news story.  Were you going to send me on a deep sea dive with the dolphins next?"Phil looked disappointed that he hadn't thought of it."Phil," Tony said, tapping the paper, "explain please.  I rescue a lot of people I think you'd rather I not rescue.  What's up with this guy?""You won't like the answer," Phil warned him."I already don't like it," Tony said.  "What's going on?" Gibbs asked, entering the kitchen, looking as exhausted as Tony felt.  They’d gotten in really late and hadn't gotten much sleep in the days before."Tony Stark," Tony answered."When are we leaving?  Do I have time for coffee first?" Gibbs asked after a pause, clearly wanting coffee more than he wanted to engage in conversation."Yes," came three replies, and then from Phil, "And we're not going anywhere, at least not to rescue Stark."Silence reigned, and not all that comfortably, while Gibbs got out four mugs and brought them to the table along with a carton of half and half and a pound bag of sugar.  Spoons came next, with a roll of paper towels.Tony snickered.  "You are all class.""Shut up," Gibbs said, as he brought the full coffee carafe over and poured everyone a cup of coffee.  There was another long minute as people reached for whatever they wanted to add to their coffees, and then Tony and Gibbs both stared at Phil.Phil let out a sigh.  "Okay.  Without question, under normal circumstances, Tony Stark would be a target for you for search and rescue.  In fact, I called Director Fury the minute I heard he'd been taken to get things rolling, with the intention of calling you back."  He paused."And?" Tony pushed.Pinching the bridge of his nose, Phil explained, "We have a, well, an oracle named Destiny, who occasionally comes up with foretellings, and she had already contacted Director Fury with one about Stark."  He glanced at Clint.Clint carried on the story.  "Neither Phil nor I really believe it, but apparently we have to let Stark stay captured because something will happen to him while he's a captive that will eventually save the world.""He has to get himself out," Phil continued.  "I argued, but she's right more often than she's wrong, and the Director wasn't willing to chance it.  So there won't be a rescue.""He's probably in the hands of terrorists," Gibbs pointed out."I know it," Phil said tersely.  "And while the man drives me crazy, I wouldn't wish that on him.  But I've got my orders, and if she's right we could be doing more harm than good.""It sounds like this oracle believes he'll eventually escape," Gibbs said, draining his first cup and filling it up again, using the remainder of the coffee.  He got up to make a fresh pot."That's what it sounds like," Phil agreed, leaning back, arms crossed over his chest."I don't like it," Tony scowled.  "It would take me ten minutes to find him.  An hour tops.""I know it would," Phil said.  "That's not the point.""The point is that some person who can sometimes predict the future is telling us to leave a man someplace where he will get tortured."  Tony was vehemently against that plan."I don't like it either," Phil said, staring at Tony, as if begging him to let this drop.Tony couldn't let it drop.  He'd been lying when he said he barely knew the guy.  Well, he did barely know the guy, but you couldn't watch TV the way Tony did and not follow the exploits of Tony Stark.  He was awesome.  He was funny, good-looking, and brilliant, and all Tony could see in his mind's eye now was the man being tortured because someone said they shouldn't rescue him.And maybe that wasn't fair, because ever since this animal thing had happened to Tony, his ability to believe in magic and the outlandish had, by necessity, grown, but oracles were another whole kettle of fish.  If Tony could help, he wanted to help."This is bullshit," was all he said and strode from the room.  *****A week later, things were tense around the house.  “Seriously?” Clint said to Phi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Jethro Gibbs
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Iron Man 1 AU

fandom: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Jethro Gibbs
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

