Chapter 1: In Which Peter Gets A Patch-Work Family
    




Chapter Text

 You can rest now. 

 
Tony remembers a blinding light.
Then nothing.
 

 Morgan. 


 Peter. 


 Pepper. . . 

 

 
Peter couldn’t explain what happened, no matter how hard anyone asked. He felt himself die, watched Mr. Starks face as he turned into oblivion, and then he was in a different place. Without Tony.
 
He stood there as the other guardians materialized around him, and Mr. Strange after them. They antenna girl asked where they were but got no reply. The group just looked around them into the sea of orange nothingness that stretched far beyond where their eyes could reach. The doctor was the one to make the connection first.
 
 We’re in the Soul Stone, he explained.
 

 Then where’s everyone else? 

 
“On Earth,” Peter hesitantly spoke up. “Other planets.”
 
“What?”
 
Strange put a hand on the boy’s shoulder.
 
“We were on Titan, they were on Earth. Their billions of miles away,” he continued quietly as he connected the dots. Of course, even in the supposed world of the dead, he would never get to see anyone he knew. He would never know if May, or Ned, or MJ, or hell even Flash died as well. And Tony-
 
He survived. He wasn’t with them here, and neither was that mean blue lady. They were both stuck on that planet, alone.
 
A choke came out of Peter’s throat, followed by a sob. He turned and grabbed the wizard behind him, hugging him fiercely. He had known him for less than a day, but if Tony trusted him . . .
 
That led to more sobs. Peter felt him return the hug, squeezing him tightly until Peter dropped to the ground in a pile of tears. The antenna lady soon came and hugged Peter as well, and soon the other guardians joined. A pile of people who have barely known each other comforting the small boy, comforting one other, as they realized they wouldn’t see anyone else for years, if at all.
 
For now, they only had each other.
 

 
Karen had stopped working, no signals in the Soul Stone. The long-lasting emergency battery in his suit was going to die any day now. It only provided warmth and time, which Peter only needed one of. They had been here for ten days already, and Peter had been switching his suit on and off to preserve what power he could. Soon they would have nothing to rely on for time and just have to sit there for eternity.
 
There was no sunset, no sunrise. It seemed to be eternally dawn, but there was no specific light source to pin where the light came from. There was also no food or water, but they quickly realized they didn’t need any of that, as well as oxygen. The stone seemed to keep them content and alive, but that was the only mercy it had.
 
Strange had then later convinced them all to stay where they are. Quill took lots of convincing, he was adamant on getting his girlfriend back, but the doctor explained that if they moved too far away from the place where they started, if they ever were to come back they would materialize back in space. That scared everyone. If they walked further than Titan's atmosphere, they would re-appear where they were in the soul stone relative to the universe. In other words, they would come back in space if they went too far.
 
There was also hesitance from the group as to how Strange knew if they were coming back or not, which he only replied with that he couldn’t tell them. He was avid about being here for five years at most, five days at the least. Once they passed the five days marker, they hoped for five weeks, but then that passed them by as well.
 
The first couple of weeks were mostly silent, but after a while, the group realized they were going to be together for a long time. At first, Peter kept his distance, he felt awkward with all the other adults, but soon they engulfed him into their conversations and didn’t let him sulk alone thirty feet away.
 
Every one of them believed it was their fault. From Peter not getting the gauntlet to Quill for yelling at Thanos, and they all moped together for a long time. Strange was the first one to have some common sense to give them.
 
As he explained that he knew they would get out, just not when, they realized they just had to stick it through with each other for the time being. It wasn’t so bad.
 
Strange developed a fondness for Peter, he could see why Tony liked the kid so much. Drax, Mantis, and Quill stayed together for a while, but eventually, the group became closer. With nothingness for miles, the group had to get to know each other exceptionally well.
 
The closer Peter got to the wizard, the more he persisted to be called by his real name by the child. He was hesitant at first until he slowly accepted it over time. He still referred to Tony as Mr. Stark though, because it was weird for Peter to start calling him something else when it wasn’t to his face.
 
Peter also eventually got to know the three guardians as well, and they exchanged stories from both ends. They told Peter about their escape from prison and the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Domestic Avengers
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers Family
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers Tower
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
obligatory trip to stark tower
iron dad & spider son
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Harley Keener is a little shit
Aunt & Uncle Avengers
No Plot/Plotless
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
peter calls everyone aunt and uncle
sam says he hates it
but how could anyone hate peter
tony survives the snap
Idiots in Love
Boys In Love
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

