Chapter 1: 1926
    




Chapter Text
He wasn’t sure why his chest felt tight and warm. That was usually Steve’s thing, and Bucky didn’t have asthma. But there he was in the middle of the movie theater, struggling to keep his breath, and wondering what it all meant.There was a matinee at the theater, and Bucky had found a quarter on the street. Normally, he would save it up, buy some food for Steve and Mrs. Rogers, but he’d been saving all the quarters and pennies he found for days now. The grocer would bring the basket to the Rogers’ little doorstep again this week because of Bucky’s meager payment. No one ever knew about this; not even his own ma knew that he scrounged around the gutters and outside nightclubs looking for loose change. Every little bit helped Steve and his mother, and if that meant just one shabby bundle of carrots and a couple of tomatoes, and maybe a soup bone, that was more than they had before, and less they’d have to pay for food, so maybe Steve could get a vial of Mentholatum for his chest congestion this week.Everything Bucky did was for Steve.His ma and Steve’s ma sometimes sewed together late in the evenings if Bucky’s pop was working a double shift. Their mothers would chat and laugh, like the friends they were. They’d darn socks and fix holes in their boys’ trousers. He and Steve would be in Bucky’s living room, building a fort out of sofa pillows and old quilts. They were supposed to be asleep, but he and Steve would be extra quiet so they could hear the Clicquot Club Eskimos radio program or the A&P Gypsies.The music would play, and Bucky would catch Steve humming softly. He loved music, Steve did, but he had no rhythm. None of the girls wanted to dance with him, and Bucky didn’t know why. Steve was the best guy he knew. Sure, he was a little fella, had all those breathing problems and more patches on his clothes than your average hobo clown, but he was always clean, and he always smelled good, and he was the best drawer that Bucky ever saw.That little fella would tap his hands against the pillows to the beat, get lost in the ukulele. Bucky wanted to haul him up and dance with him, but he knew it wouldn’t be right, what with their mothers in the room with them.Still, he wanted to. He always wanted to, and he didn’t know why.Steve was his best friend in the whole world, had been since he was six and Steve was five, and his family moved into the rowhouse down the street from Steve’s. Bucky would jump in front of a trolley for Steve, he’d take any blow any bully wanted to give. He’d taken plenty of slugs from the creeps down the way, behind diners and delis and everywhere in between. There was something about Steve that rubbed toughs the rough way. Bucky thought maybe it was because he was a good kid, an honest kid, and there was something about a good, honest kid that made creeps angry.But why anyone would want to beat up an eight year old kid because he was different was beyond Bucky. He was glad that he was there to take the blows sometimes. He hated to see Steve get hurt, or be in pain, which was why he dug around trashcans outside of bars and on street corners, looking for loose change. He knew it was tough for the two of them, since his pop had died a long time before and Sarah did the best she could on a nurse’s salary. They didn’t take charity very often, even though Bucky’s ma would bake a little bit extra bread or have a little extra chicken, and Oh, Sarah, we wouldn’t want it to go to waste, why not just give it to Steven?  Bucky had the bright idea of paying Mr. Vecchio to deliver a few things to Steve and his mother once a week, or every two weeks, for some spare change.“You know, Mr. Vecchio, the vegetables and bones that you’d just throw out. Anything that you can’t sell too much. Sell it to me, and drop it off at the Rogers’ house. Can ya do that for me?”That was a few months ago, when Sarah started to get sicker. She kept working, but when she came home, she was so weak that Steve would be the one to cook and clean. Everyone in the neighborhood knew it, but still, Sarah wouldn’t take charity. The reason she took the basket was because she wasn’t sure who it came from and she couldn’t just let it sit there and rot. The grocer once said Bucky was ‘Rogers’ benefactor’ but Bucky had no idea what that meant. He was just looking out for his best pal.With the knowledge that he had enough for Steve and his mother to get their basket this week, Bucky was tempted to add more to the order, but he thought about Steve. “Buck, you never do anything nice for yourself. Stop buying me pencils. You should get yourself a handful of rock candy or something.”Part of him wanted to put the extra quarter into the kitty for Steve’s basket next week, but another part of him, the one that sounded like Steve’s wheezy voice, told him to treat himself. He walked the street aimlessly, wondering if he should splurge on a new comic book (he could give it to Steve when he was done), or if he shou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
1920s
Self-Discovery
learning about love
Best Friends
First Crush
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Children
1930s
Canonical Character Death
canon divergence I think
but who really knows
Teenagers
Asthma
Poverty
Baseball
Birthday Presents
Character Death
Amusement Parks
Ferris Wheels
Roller Coasters
Christmas Eve
Roman Catholicism
Catholic Steve Rogers
Christmas Decorations
Drunken Confessions
Bucky's still sober though
1940s
historical mention of Pearl Harbor attack
Letters
Military Training
Implied/Referenced Torture
Electrocution
Prisoner of War
Hallucinations
Human Experimentation
Medical Experimentation
a lot of hurt and not a lot of comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

