Work Text:
Peter was in trouble. No, he was worse than “in trouble”. He was screwed. He was completely screwed. No, he was fucked. He was fucked sideways all the way into next year. Maybe into the next decade. Probably into the next century. And all because he forgot he was suited up. Of course, Spider-Man has only been around for about three months. His parents had been his parents for about fifteen years now (since they did adopt him when he was four). Comparatively, it was perfectly acceptable that he slip up and call his dad “Dad”. It just would have been preferable if it wasn’t in the middle of some Doom Bot attack where he would have felt guilty for running away. “What did you just call me?” “Uh… Daaaadeeeeeeeo? Daddy-O?” Even Peter had to admit that was just…. Lame. Super lame. More than super lame, ultra lame. He probably should have just stayed quiet. Capitan America took an ominous, gravel crunching step closer, “Peter.” He really should have just stayed quiet. “What? No! Pfft! I don’t know anyone named Peter.” Peter tried to back pedal but he was pretty sure from the look on his dad’s face that his bike had lost its chain long ago. And maybe the seat. And the handle bars. Really, he was just on a screaming metal death trap now. He was sure of it. He may be nineteen but his parents would still ground him into the next millennium. JARVIS would give them hourly updates (especially if his Pops was mad enough). It had happened before. And that was for some street racing when he was trying to impress MJ. But now he was trying to be a superhero (and occasionally got his ass handed to him on a silver platter) and he would be grounded until his own death. Pops would reprogram JARVIS to make sure he never left the tower again. Luckily for Peter, an explosion nearly bowled them over and his dad merely pointed a finger at him and said, “This is not over, Peter,” rather darkly, before running off to subdue more pain-in-the-ass bots. Peter, not being a member of S.H.I.E.L.D, made it back to the penthouse first. He stripped the suit, hopped in the shower, and prayed to Thor that his parents would forget he ever called Captain America “Dad” in the middle of a fucking battle. He’d been so good! He’d told them all the late nights were studying and all the bruises were rough housing with his friends. He managed to hide the fact he could climb walls and had the whole super human strength thing. His fathers didn’t know he’d started working out in Dad’s gym with all the super duty equipment. They didn’t know he’d used Bruce’s lab to make his web shooters. “They didn’t knooooow,” Peter whined, flopping into his bed, still naked from his shower. “Everything was going so weeeeell!” Peter muffled his pained groans into his pillow. Maybe if he paid the Professor enough he’d just erase the little slip up from his parent’s minds.“Pfft, I’d have better luck convincing Magneto to pole dance than to get Professor X to do something that unethical. ‘You must learn to take responcibily for your actions, blah, blah blah.’ Uhg! JARVIS! Warn me when Dad and Pops get home, will you?” “Of course, Peter.” JARVIS replied, cool as a cucumber. “Might I suggest putting on some clothes before they arrive this time?” Peter groaned in a put upon way but still flopped out of bed to grab some boxers and sweat pants. “You had to remind me of last time, didn’t you?” JARVIS remained quiet. “Fucking fuck…” Peter muttered to himself thinking of the last time his parents had caught him doing something he wasn’t supposed to. He had been seventeen and had lost his virginity just an hour before when his parents came home early. He’d been halfway into his sweats while mistakenly wearing MJ’s pink and white panties when his door opened and his Dad and Pops were mid-sentence in asking if he’d had dinner yet. Pops still hasn’t let him live it down. He’d thought it was hilarious. “And neither has JARVIS apparently,” he muttered darkly. “Your fathers have just entered the elevator, Peter.” “Uhg, great.” Peter decided to throw on a plain black tee and meet his parents in the living room, rather than have this conversation on his bed (like the last one had been). Peter fidgeted with the ripped seam on his shirt and shifted from one foot to the other. He picked at the dead skin on his bottom lip with his teeth. He tried to crack his neck and shake out his shoulders. Nothing helped. ‘I’m so fucked,’ he thought. ‘I probably have my stupid “guilt face” on and everything. They’re gonna kill me.’ The elevator slid open with a small ‘ping!’ Steve looked furious. Even worse, Tony looked furious. ‘I’ll never be able to leave the penthouse again. They’ll just tell everyone that I have some disease or they’ll break my legs or tie me to chair for the rest of my life. I’ll have to grow my hair long and change my name to Hepunzel in order to meet anyone. Oh god, only Pops makes that pun. Oh fuck.’ “Peter,” Steve stalked across the room, his face set in a glare worse than when 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superhusbands
everyone is stupid
me too
Overprotective Parents
Crime Fighting
SteveTonyFest on tumbler
accidentally outing yourself

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

