Chapter 1: Boldly Going, Going, Gone
    




Chapter Text


“I can’t… I can’t do this. Why don’t you go. Please I just…” The omnipresent orange light seemed oppressive in that moment, and his breath came quick and ragged.




“Peter. I have faith in you,” said Doctor Strange. He was calm. He was always calm. Then again, most people were in the soul stone. There wasn’t really any reason to get excited, since nothing ever happened. Peter was unlike anyone else though, in that he was nervous all the time. Constant low level anxiety that spiked upwards into panic at the slightest thought. What he was about to do was definitely something to be nervous about though, so he felt perfectly justified.




“I just. I don’t want to let you guys down, and I really feel like that’s what’s going to happen. I’m not like… a god or a super powerful magician. I’m just… Peter.” he said. He really didn’t know how to truly express the magnitude of the inadequacy he felt. The only thing he had going for him was Spiderman, and if this worked he wouldn’t even have that anymore. He’d just be a useless kid, and that wasn't going to save anything.




“Peter, you are precisely what the world needs.” said the sorcerer. “And besides, it has to be you.” he said. There was a pause, during which Peter struggled yet again to find a way to voice all his insecurities, and Strange stared into the massive emerald mandala on the orange ground. It’s light refracted strangely off of them, the only color besides orange there was here. On the edge of it, Loki still knelt, taking his turn channeling power into it, seemingly dead to the world. Soon there would be enough power for Peter to be sent.




“I just… I don’t understand why me.” said Peter. “Literally anyone else would be better.”




“We’ve talked about this. You know it needs to be someone who has been affected deeply by all of the stones, and you’re the only one we have. When you tried to steal the glove you--for an incredibly brief moment--had the power of all of them flowing through you. No one else can say the same.”




“I know.” said Peter. “I guess I just… I’m going to miss you guys. And I don’t know how I’m going to handle doing this by myself without anyone to help me. I’m gonna mess up, and then everything will go wrong and it will all be for nothing. I can’t do this alone.”




Doctor Strange looked at him pensively. “You won't be alone by the end. Thanos is a threat to everyone.” That didn’t help, and Peter’s hands, which had already been shaking a bit began to flutter uselessly. Seeing his distress, the Doctor sighed. “I wasn’t going to tell you this, because we still don’t know if it would work.” he began, slowly.




“What is it?” interrupted Peter, instantly worried that it would be something that would make this shitty situation inexplicably worse. He couldn’t imagine what though.




“Loki and I… We think we figured out how to send ourselves back with you. Well not us, but our memories, some of them.”




“Really? I wouldn’t have to be alone?”




“Not exactly. We’d need to help, and it can’t happen until we’ve already been affected by the stones, so after Dormammu for me, and for Loki, the fall from Asgard. Essentially you’d need to convince someone you’d never met before to let you use the mind stone on them immediately after their greatest trauma. And even then, we don’t know if it would work.”




Peter steeled himself. This at least was hope. “It’s better than nothing.” he said. “And we still have a little bit of time before the spell will be ready. So… Tell me what to do.”




Doctor Strange explained the process, which took several minutes. “Do you understand” he said at the end. Peter could see he was prepared to repeat himself as many times as necessary.




He would understand this, he would learn quickly and as well as he could. Just like he’d done with all the other information they’d been throwing at him to prepare him for the journey he would be taking all alone. And this information… it was good. As the Doctor had described this last longest shot his anxiety about the future, the past actually, had increased, because now he had more to lose, but his determination had firmed. He had something to gain now too, besides of course saving the universe. Which was nice and all as a goal but Peter had always dearly wished there was something in it for him besides past loved ones who didn’t know him and years upon years of lonely work.“So like, the Vulcan katra in Star Trek?” said Peter, trying to cut through his confusion and worry with a pop culture reference.




Strange stared at him and Loki looked up from his labors to raise an eyebrow in Peter’s general direction. “Are you telling me neither of you have seen Star Trek?” he said. “We’ve been here for… I don’t know how long, and nobody’s brought up Star Trek?”




Loki shook his head.




“I’ve seen the new one.” admitted Strange.




“Okay. That’s a start, but when I bring you back we are totally going to watch 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Loki & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
Time Travel
Not A Fix-It
Emotional Hurt
Artificial Intelligence
Pop Culture
Genetic Engineering
Body Horror
Cold blooded Murder
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Everyone Needs A Hug
Villain Peter Parker
Sort Of
He's still Peter
he just... doesn't do the hero thing
and has a singular purpose for living
Collateral Damage
Murder
Smuggling
College
Some things get better. Some get worse
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
This Cinnamon Roll Will Kill You
Everyone in the MCU is fully prepared to parent Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Loki & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Everyone

