Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
"This is a horrible day." , Peter Parker thought as all his classmates around him broke out in cheers. Mr.Harrington had just announced where this year's field trip was going to. Which just happened to be Stark Tower. His new home. 4 months ago May died in a horrible car accident. The time after that was dark. Mr.Stark immediately took temporary guardianship of Peter. But he barely talked or ate or slept for the next 2 weeks after her death. How could he? He already lost his parents, Uncle Ben and now Aunt May. Tony was very patient with Peter, he was with him during every nightmare and every panic attack. He didn't even let any of the avengers near him , which was not easy since they lived there too. Peter never excepted Tony to be there for him as much as he was. After he was introduced to the Avengers and had his few shares of fanboy moments, they all got very close. They were a family now. And each of them were highly protective of Peter. He could laugh again and have fun. Of course he still had moments where he missed May terribly and cried himself to sleep . But he was never alone. He even called Mr.Stark " Dad " a few times on accident. They never really talked about it , but he thought that Mr.Stark was okay with it. At least he hoped so since Mr.Stark was officially adopting him next week.That's why he really wasn't looking forward to this field trip. Who wants to take a field trip to their own home. And he knew his family, they were going to try to embarrass him as much as possible. He groaned and banged his head on the table. " Oh my god , this is amazing! " , Ned shouted in his ear.
" No. This is terrible. They are going to be embarrassing as hell." , he muttered.
" Suck it up , Loser." , he heard MJ say from behind him. Peter just glared at her.
" Get your permission slips at my desk, please." Mr.Harrington said.
After they each got a permission slip, they went to their lockers to drop off the last things for today.
" Hey , Penis Parker ! Are you looking forward to all your lies getting exposed ? Finally everyone will see that your stupid internship is fake !" , shouted Flash Thompson as he walked by.
" Yeah , whatever Flash." , Peter muttered and rolled his eyes.
Flash shoved him against his locker and laughed with his friends as they walked off.
" You okay ? He's just jealous, don't mind him.", Ned told him.
" I'm used to it by now. I'll have to go. Happy is picking me up.", Peter told him. They did their secret and totally not childish handshake and Peter rushed outside.He slid in the backseat of the now very familiar car. " Hey  , Uncle Hap !"
Their relationship has changed quite a bit over the last months,  Happy actually listened to his rambles now and cared very much about Peter. When Peter called him Uncle for the first time , he teared up a bit , but will deny it to this day.
" Hey , kid. How was your day?" , Happy asked.
Peter launched into a very detailed explanation about his school day , but left out everything about the field trip.
In less then 20 minutes they were at Stark Tower.
" Steve and Bucky are cooking today , so you better hurry before everything is gone." , Happy told him.
Peter didn't need to know more. He raced to the elevator. Nothing was better than Steve's and Bucky's food. Usually they ordered a lot of take out , so it was a real treat when they got home cooked food from time to time.
The elevator stopped a few levels under the common level and Natasha strode inside.
" Hello , маленький паук. School good ? " , she gave him a hug and ruffled his hair. She wasn't so soft with anyone besides Peter not even towards Clint. But no one dared to tell her anything about it. " It was good." Peter said and smiled softly at her.
" So nothing special ? " she asked with raised eyebrows.
" Nooooo." , answered Peter , looking at her supiciously.
Did she know already ? Well he wouldn't be surprised if she did. She was a super spy after all.
They arrived at the common level and were greeted by the rest of the avengers.
Steve and Bucky were in the kitchen and seemed very busy. Clint and Sam were sprawled all over the couch and playing Mario Kart. Wanda and Vision were quietly talking in the corner. Mr.Stark and Bruce were probably still in the lab downstairs.
Everyone greeted him and asked him about his school day. He told nobody about the field trip.
After he dropped of his backpack in his room , he set the table at Steve's request.
" FRIDAY , can you please tell Tony and Bruce that lunch is ready ? " , asked Steve.
" Of course, Mr.Rogers." , FRIDAY said.
A few minutes later Mr.Stark and Bruce entered the living room. Peter got up to hug Mr.Stark. They both gotten used to hugging each other a lot . Usually Mr.Stark wasn't the most touch - feely person , but that changed now. Mr Stark's hugs were one of  Peter's favourite things in the world, it almost felt like May's hugs. A lot like a parent hugging their child . " Hey , Underoos. Everything good?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Avengers Family
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Domestic Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

