Chapter 1: Secrets Out
    


Summary:

I posted this idea on my Tumblr, and anyone could've taken it. But since (not to my knowledge) no one grabbed it, I decided to awaken my writing skills and go back to making fanfiction, cause the last one I made was for a different fandom and that was months ago. Sorry if Tony, Steve, or any other characters seem so OOC. If that does happen, which I think will, let me know, and I'll imporve their characteristics in the next MCU fanfic I'll write. Also I'm thinking about making a second chapter.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
          “Ready to go?” Steve had asked him once Tony had crossed the dusty road. Currently, Steve Rogers and Tony Stark were in the 1970’s in order to obtain the tesseract after they had failed to keep it in 2012. Tony had just finished talking to his past father and was making his way back to Steve.           Tony held up the briefcase with a triumph smile spread across his face. Steve nodded, and they both quickly made their way to a darkened corner. Their Ant-Man look-a-like-suit’s unleashed the helmet and sealed it around their heads. Both Avengers nodded to each other before pressing a button on their wrist, letting themselves disappear without a trace from the 1970’s. Side by side, Tony and Steve could see the other Avengers ahead of them as they quickly made their way through the mystic Quantum Realm, splotches of variety of colors speeding past them.           Tony’s grip on the briefcase tightened. He was so close to fixing what Thanos did. He was so close to getting Peter back. The kid who always had a smile on his face. The kid who wanted to make his mentor proud. The kid who enjoyed his life.           The same kid who had plead to the universe to let him live as his body agonizingly slowly disintegrated into nothing but dust particles on an unpopulated planet.           Not again, Tony thought, a determined look appearing. I won’t let you go like that ever again. Definitely have to ground him for his entire life at my cabin.           As Tony was thinking about ways to keep Peter safe, he didn’t notice how his wrist was sparking along with Captain America’s. Steve glanced down to see his wrist sizzling with sparks and electricity. Turning his head, he could also see Stark’s suit acting up as well.           “Tony, something’s wrong–“ Steve started to say before both of them were thrown into another path, tumbling away from the others. A blinding light flashed in their eyes for a moment. Then, they were both transported into a different timeline.           Tony and Steve land on their feet. The man of iron stumbled a little as he took the time to get his bearings. Little stars sparkled in the obsidian sky, littering the horizon with millions of their kind. Nearby, the city of New York was thriving with life. Orange and yellow bright lights were explaining that the people there were still awake, refusing to let slumber overcome them. Tony glanced behind him to find an old and abandon building sitting there. The walls of the building were vandalized and abused while the windows had gaping holes inside of them. However, Tony noticed that there were some lights flickering inside of the building.           Tony tapped Steve’s shoulder to get his attention. “Let’s go in there,” Tony explained, “we don’t know how long we will be in… whichever time we are in. Staying hidden from people is our best option. We affected the timelines already, we shouldn’t do it to another. Also, take the scepter too. People could be lurking around here.”           Steve nodded and together they cautiously patrolled to the opening of the building. Immediately after entering the building the two Avengers were met with a freezing cold atmosphere. Huge pillars towered above them, stretching their limbs all the way to the top of the ceiling. A cloudy fog strolled across the room and twirled around them in a mischievous yet somber way. Tony wondered if the fog was thrilled to have their presence here, but at the same time, frightened for them. Their footsteps silently echoed throughout the building as they continued forward. A few seconds later, Rogers froze up. Tony watched as the super soldier’s head perk up and look around.           “Someone else is coming.” Steve warned. Tony didn’t argue as they both wander silently to one of the large pillars. Not even a minute later, someone stealthily made their way into the building through one of the larger and broken windows. Tony squinted their eyes to see who it was, but was unfamiliar with the wavy clothing that stuck onto their body. However, once the unknown person had leap to one of the pillars and stuck to it, Tony’s eyes widen and his whole body tensed up.           No, it couldn’t be. Tony thought the kid was at that homecoming thing the entire time. He should be having fun dancing around with a bunch of teenagers and not to mention act like a regular high
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Everyone (small amount)
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (minor)
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Feels
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
I hurt Peter Parker my bad
Angst
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Feels
Honestly Endgame broke me
So I'm here to break others as well
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Fix-It
Fix-It
I'm fixing the hell out of this movie
with angst of course
Angst with a Happy Ending
Time Travel
Parent Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Temporary Character Death
Infinity Stone Soul World (Marvel)
Infinity Gems
Tony Stark is an actual worried Dad
Worried Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Author is gonna give you a pot of angst
just the way it should be
Equally angst
Precious Peter Parker
"One Ending Out of 14 Million" my ass
I don't know what other tags to add
Be prepared I guess?
Natasha Romanov Is Alive
They did her dirty let's be honest here
Nobody is satisfied when it comes to movies let's be really honest here
fanfiction makes everything better

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Everyone (small amount)
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (minor)
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

