Work Text:
Peter woke up warm and happy.His alpha was pressed against his back, his daddy's warm breath tickling his nape. The omega could feel a familiar shape poking him, pressed between his cheeks.Beneath the blanket, he was completely naked. His pajama bottoms and shirt were probably lost somewhere beneath the covers. He knew his daddy was naked too since all he felt was warm flesh against his own bare skin.With a quiet yawn, Peter stretched out his long limbs. He didn't really have much room to do so, caught as he was in his father's embrace. The omega didn't mind though, he rather be here than waking up alone in his own bed.He loved spending lazy mornings with his alpha and it was for exactly this reason why. Whenever he slept in his daddy's bed, the alpha was always eager to play with him. It was probably the pheromones and the way Peter was just readily available for his father. Even during the mornings when his omega mom was with them, the alpha always managed to slip his cock into his son's hole.His mom not being there just made things easier but they truly had a hard time keeping their hands to themselves.Peter didn't know what time it was or if his mom was already off to work. He just knew that there was this unsettled feeling buzzing beneath his skin and he needed his daddy to fix it. At the same time, he didn't actually want to wake his daddy… It felt mean to do so when he kept his daddy up late. He just wanted some love and attention.The omega felt so warm and comfortable… Sleeping with his daddy really was the best. He just needed that extra special thing to make it even better.But how would he go about it…?He wiggled his way around so that he could face his sleeping father. Tony's arm remained curled around his waist, his chest rising and falling in a steady, deep rhythm."You're so handsome, daddy…" Peter murmured quietly to himself. Then he smiled, pushing aside the stray hairs that had fallen into his alpha's face.Tangled together, he rubbed his bare feet on the older man's calves and snuggled closer. Peter gave a soft moan when he felt his daddy's erection bump against his stomach."Daddy…" Peter murmured, "You should wake up…"A twitch of the alpha's eyebrow showed it was a possibility… But to help things along, Peter slipped his hand between their bodies and wrapped his hand around Tony's swelling length.He leaned closer, licking an exposed collarbone and pouting when his daddy gave a deep sigh. Still asleep but maybe not for long.Peter glanced between their bodies, licking his lips when he saw how his small, petite hand handled the alpha's thick cock. He couldn't even get his fingertips to meet, his daddy's erection was so thick…He couldn't help but whimper a bit, wondering if he could just… get it inside him somehow.For a moment, he tried throwing his leg around his daddy's waist, pushing their hips together so he could position the tip right against his little hole. He was already leaking slick, his hole aching to be filled.He pushed down just a bit and groaned when the tip popped in… But the omega couldn't get much more than that and it frustrated him. With a huff, Peter pulled off and returned to his original position. His smaller body fit perfectly against his daddy's and it felt good to have that hot length press against his ass.This position worked best for them anyway…He reached behind and repositioned his daddy's cock so it was pressing against him… He was so wet that slick was getting everywhere. That was good though because his daddy's cock was able to slip in so easy…With a strangled moan, Peter pushed back, forcing his daddy's cock to slip inside where the boy wanted it. The young omega only managed to get past the tip before he let a strangled moan.What he loved most about his daddy's cock was that the thickest part was just after the tip. It always left Peter gasping as he strained to take it, legs shaking and tears burning in the corner of his eyes. It would've been easier if he spent some time opening himself up but he was an impatient little thing.It made his hole tighter for the alpha anyway and Peter loved when his daddy could barely restrain himself. He loved feeling like his daddy had to work to fuck him, his cock spreading him apart and fucking him loose with each thrust.Peter grabbed the pillow, eyes squeezed shut as he took a moment to breathe through the stretch. Then he gasped when he felt his daddy's warm hands slide to his hips."You being naughty, baby…?" Tony's sleep rough voice purred against his ear. "Playing with Daddy's cock without permission?""Needed it…" Peter protested, wiggling in his father's hold. "Push it… push it in, please…?"His little hole burned from the stretch in the very best of ways, but Peter needed more.He was caught on just the tip but with his daddy awake… Tony could work his cock in… He could help Peter take it, push in inch by inch so that the boy's body was forced to accept it. But Tony's grasp on his hips was like a vice and the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Knotting
Breeding
Implied Mpreg
Dirty Talk
Infidelity
Cheating between Tony/OC
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Daddy Kink
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

