Work Text:
“Class, this is Eddie Brock. He’s writing an article about Spiderman activity and he’s currently focusing on the events around our field trips. His employer has asked that he be allowed to interview those of you who were on the trip. I’ll call names and you will meet with Mr. Brock in the old geology lab. Peter you will be going first,” Mr. Warren says and Peter gets up and follows the reporter into the classroom.“So, Mr. Parker. What can you tell me about the times you saw Spiderman?” Brock asks and Peter gulps. This is bad, he can’t lie and say he saw the fight because he didn’t and everyone else will probably mention he wasn’t there when Spiderman was.“I’m sorry sir, I wasn’t there when Spiderman came. I had separated from the group because the trip was boring. I didn’t even know what had happened until I had gotten back,” Peter says sending a text to Ned so he won’t mess up the lie.“Oh? And what did you sneak away to do?” Eddie asks tapping his pen on the pad in front of him.“I snuck off to smoke? Please don’t put that in the article! My Aunt will kick me out of the house!” Peter lies and vows to explain this to May as well.“Alright kid. Get back to class and sent in Michelle Jones,” Brock says and Peter stands makes his escape for the door.“Oh, and Peter?” Brock calls out and Peter turns to look at the man in question.“Don’t worry, I’ll keep your secret,” Brock says and Peter goes back to class after sending Michelle in.Later that night he swings through New York in his old suit made from fabric and without all the things Mr. Stark put into his suit. Call him nostalgic,” He doesn’t notice Venom until it’s too late and the alien is snagging him by the ankle and dangling him upside down from a tentacle while another rips his web shooters off and throws them into a dark corner somewhere.Peter hasn’t felt this helpless since Uncle Ben died.“Hello ssssspider,” Venom says and Peter starts feeling a little sick from the blood running to his head.“Hey Venom, you caught me, yay! You wouldn’t happen to be a proponent of catch and release would you?” Peter asks and Venom makes a noise that might be a chuckle or maybe it’s a hairball or something. Peter doesn’t know and he doesn’t want to find out. Not right now with Venom’s face inches from his and that tongue flickering around.“You will be releasssssed sssssoon,” Venom says and Peter slumps in his hold and decides to press his luck and throw a punch at Venom but all he manages is to hit empty air. Venom makes that noise again and suddenly Peter feels tentacles tearing his suit to pieces and the cold night air brushing over his skin.“Whoa, V...venom? What are you doing?” Peter asks and starts kicking his legs as hard as he can and Venom wraps as tentacle around his lower legs keeping them immobile. Peter whimpers and feels a tentacle curl around his cock and his heart feels like it’s going to beat out of his chest.“Venom, please. Don’t do this,” Peter says softly and Venom rips Peter’s mask off and there he is, naked, squirming in a mass of tentacles like one of those videos Peter had seen when he had tried to touch himself for the first time. He’s seen the mass of tentacles and freaked out and nearly tossed the computer off the bed.“Calm yourself ssspider, ssssstruggling will only make this hurt more. You do not want that, believe me,” Venom says and the tongue licks over Peter’s face and slides into his mouth and Peter chokes on it as it slides deeper and deeper into him and Peter feels his throat convulsing. Just as he thinks he’s about to pass out the tongue moves and allows Peter to suck in a breath of air before shoving back down and he feels a tentacle circling his hole and the tip of the head of his cock and his cock jerks and begins to harden and tears slide down his face as he shuts his eyes in embarrassment.The tentacle rubbing over his cock flattens and traps Peter’s cock neatly against his body as a piece of the tentacle pushes into the head of his cock. Actually you can’t even tell Peter has a cock. It looks like he’s a girl wearing black panties.“Pretty girl,” Venom says and the tentacle at his hole pushes deep, deeper than Peter thinks is strictly possible but what does he know? His sex ed was shit to begin with.“You see ssssspider, no one will ever get this deep into you. You will never be able to replace this event with memories of another. Not that we will ever allow you to seek the company of anyone who is not Venom,” Venom says and Peter squeaks as the tentacles stroke over and around his insides and the thing keeping his cock trapped tightens and Peter cries out and a tentacle wraps around his eyes and all the things he’s feeling multiply by ten. With his sight cut off everything is so much more intense and he can feel his cock trying to twitch inside the confines of the venom cup and Peter cries out and when the tentacle pulls out of his cock he feels something wet drip out of his cock and venom pulls back and his tongue laps up t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Tentacle Rape
Underage Rape/Non-con
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Dick
Oviposition
Gags
Forced Feminization
Verbal Humiliation
Rimming
Sounding
Throat Fucking
tongue fuck
Lace Panties
Kidnapping
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

