Work Text:
As Peter peered down at his bare groin, he couldn't help but miss what was once there. He looked like a fucking Ken Doll, his malehood nowhere to be found. Lord Thanos had taken it, and left him like this, with a smooth, genderless groin. He wanted what was his back, sure his package hadn't been huge, being honest it had probably been a little under average. But it had been his dick and balls, and god-damn-it he wanted them back. 
His ass was currently full, stretched open around the cock of Stephen Strange, who laid spread eagle on the bed below him. With his legs spread apart, knees bent, Peter was the one doing all the work at the moment. Then again Peter was the one who needed another load of cum up his ass. He was getting so close to the magic number. Lord Thanos had told him when he took his dick away that once he could reach the magic number of 1400 loads of cum taken orally or anally, then he could have his cock back and be free. Right now, he was at the grand total of 1000 loads. He knew in total he'd done probably quadruple that in the last seven months, but all the previous attempts didn’t count.
Stephen was getting close, Peter could tell, his Spidey-sense was starting to tingle. His hole was already lubed up from the cum of Papa Tony, who had plowed him first thing this morning in the bed they shared. Peter knew that Tony wasn't really his dad, but Lord Thanos seemed to get a kick of out their relationship so he naturally made them act like an incestuous pair. 
Peter looked over at the mirror on the wall. He looked like himself still (minus the penis part of course), but it was still hard to believe how far he'd come in the past seven months. Unlike a lot of the guys here at the Avenger's compound, Peter still fully remembered the way things were before Lord Thanos became Lord of the Universe. And unlike most of the others, Lord Thanos didn't turn Peter gay. He removed his dick, locked him in this compound with the others who went up against him, and he told him what to do to get his cock back, but Lord Thanos never actually forced him to suck Papa Tony's cock for the first time (although Tony nearly forced him). Peter hadn't liked the taste of cum at first, or the way a cock felt in his mouth. He especially hated the feel of a dick up his ass. But the horniness didn’t cease without his dick, it only got worse, and the best way to deal with it was by submitting to another's dick. It was sort of like being able to orgasm vicariously through his partner, although he couldn't actually orgasm.
Peter reached down and rubbed the area where his cock belonged. The skin there was extra sensitive, and it only made the pleasure feel that much better. He pushed his hips down and hit that magic spot in his ass. He may have hated being a gay bottom at first, but now it was hard to imagine going back to the way he uses to be. He knew when he got his cock back, he'd have to still get his ass fucked now and then, he simply wouldn’t be able to go without such an amazing feel for too long.
"Peter, to my room at once" echoed Lord Thanos' voice through Peter's noggin. Peter paused immediately. He had no idea that Lord Thanos was back on earth again. Being the Lord of the Universe meant that Lord Thanos had to travel from place to place a lot. This compound, Avengers Headquarters, seemed to be one of his favorite places to spend time though, probably because the majority of his toys were here.
"Sorry Strange, but the Lord is calling." Peter said rising up off the erect cock. He didn’t really want to leave until he had another load up his ass, but he knew better than to disobey Lord Thanos. The last time Steve tried to disobey their Lord he had vanished for a week. When he showed back up, he looked like he went through hell, and then had kissed their Lords cock without complaint. Peter still didn’t know what exactly happened to him while he was gone, but it was clear Peter didn’t want to find out for himself.
Stephen didn't say a thing as Peter headed towards the door. That's because Stephen was asleep, he was always asleep, Lord Thanos never allowed the man of magic to wake up. He was stuck in a permanent slumber, his cock always erect and able to be used as Peter needed it. The same went for Stephen's ass, only Peter had no dick to fuck his ass with. 
In the hallway, Peter's nose caught wind of the odor of the other Peter's dirty diaper. Star-Baby they called him now (or at least that mangy racoon called him that). The smell of shit and urine was strong in the air this morning, Star-Baby must not have had his morning change yet. Peter was glad he didn’t get tasked with that job. Poor Steve was the one who had always had to change Star-Baby, and then Steve was required to consume its contents. How Steve could stomach such a thing Peter had no ideal, Lord Thanos had used Peter as a urinal once, and the taste of the Lord's piss was absolutely nasty. Peter imagined shit had to be much worse.
The gym was the f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Thanos
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thanos
Scott Lang/Thanos
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Quill/Rocket Raccoon

freeform: 
straight to gay
forced gay
Watersports
Dildos
Forced ABDL
ABDL
Sexuality Bending
Scat
Bestiality
Sex with Sentient Animals
Sex Toys
Anal Sex
Facials
Big Balls
Oral Sex
Groinless
Cock Slut
Large Cock
Cockless
Bottom Peter Parker
Rimming
Bottom Steve Rogers
Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual
Dirty Diapers
Master/Pet
Pet Thor
Doggy Thor
Human Dog
Cock Shrinking
Pet Play
Incest Play
Sleep Sex
Ass to Mouth
Public Sex
Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Public Nudity
sex on stage
Exhibitionism
Cock milking
Perverted Carnival Games
Urine Blood
Bottom Thor

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Thanos
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thanos
Scott Lang/Thanos
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Quill/Rocket Raccoon

