Chapter 1: Peter doesn't want to go
    


Notes:
Warning: lots of angst, dashes, italics.The trope has been done a gazillion times and I have read twice of it, but I decided that I will also write my own version, especially after getting so angsty after Endgame.Guide for formatting: One space after the “--” is a new scene and two spaces is a flashback. I also use present tense for the scenes happening right now and past tense when it’s a flashback. Hope that cleared up any confusions.If there are two spaces or more and it’s not a flashback, then that just means shits bout’ to go down. I usually read the from the bottom of my phone, so that’s why it’s formatted that way.(Update: Also Trigger warning for those who have lost someone, etc. This fic deals with grieving, loss and finding oneself again after everything. This also deeply explores and shows  DEPRESSION and thoughts that go with it. Such are mentions and contemplations of suicide but never really going through with it. This fic deals with those things but please know that there is hope in every darkness it interacts with.) SO, if you can still enjoy that please talk to me after! Please?

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
 
“I know you can see it. If you listen hard enough, you’ll hear it, too. But you’re not even trying. I’m sorry for having to ask this of you. But it’s been a year. And I’ve done everything I could. Nothing’s working.”
Silence.
“I don’t beg Pepper. I don’t, not usually. But. I’m teetering on the edge of desperation here, and I know you can help.”
The silence stretches out.
And then.
“No, Jim. I want to, really, but, I just can’t, not now. It’s too soon.”
“Look at this—that’s our school’s academic decathlon. They won Nationals in DC, before the snap, and they didn’t even have their chem kid there. And when I visited their session today, they were worn out in a way that I’ve only seen in the eyes of my troops. In the military.”
There is a loaded look. It is heavy, but Pepper seems to be carrying something much heavier, so she doesn’t falter.
A lock of strawberry-blonde hair falls to her face.
She doesn’t move it.
“I asked Harrington. He said they were more alive, then. They joked about, laughed. They were kids, then. But after the snap, it was all just different. These students are one of the brightest in America. But even their grades and performance leave a lot to be desired. They’re failing, Pepper, they’re falling through. And it’s not just them. Robotics, Mathletes, Vanguard—they’re all stuck.”
There is a certain croak to his voice that doesn’t have to do with talking for hours, trying to convince the immovable Pepper Stark-Potts. It comes from something deeper. Like a year-long clawing, searching, and failing to find a solution. Until now.
“And I’ve been doing everything that I can to bring them back. But everywhere I go, it always leads me here.”
This time, Pepper speaks.
“What exactly do you see here?”
It is a calculated question.
Jim Morita, Principal of Midtown Science and Tech High, is more than capable of answering. But he let his mind wander for a bit, the long table stretching out even further, bringing him to the place he’s been calling home for a few years now.
There, he sees his students, five years gone in a flash. He sees the dark clouds that fly over their heads. He sees their grades and their papers, and he doesn’t see the usual excellence, the usual exuberance, the usual love for learning.
He thinks, after talking to the guidance counselor, that they are using their studies as a distraction for the five years that went and gone.
Or, they’re not studying at all, because whatever happened in those five years had been a big enough toll on their young minds to take.
And when Jim Morita looked into the eyes of that one student, the one who seems the most harrowed by it, that kid, Peter Parker, he couldn’t just stand by anymore.
He knew he had to do something.
“I see the future here,” he starts.
Pepper raises her eyebrows, in a you can do better than that look¸ and he agrees, so he ploughs on.
“I see the foundations of something bright here, something that could speak to my students in a way that an aging man in a suit cannot. I see that this is the best possible place that my students could gain something essential, something life changing. This is the place of Ton—Iron Man— after all,” Pepper’s eyes quiver, but she holds her head high, “and there is no better place to learn about life once again than the castle of the man who gave his life for it.”
“Really, Jim?”
She is tired. More so than he has ever seen. Perhaps, it is because they are friends that she lets him see a fraction of her heart. This is all he needs, because at least he knows Pepper is strong enough to show him that she does, indeed, still have a heart.
That it didn’t die along with—
Jim gives her a rueful smile. He did take public speaking before, and he wasn’t a general in the military for nothing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
With a twist!
Canonical Character Death
Canon Compliant
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
hes not just hurt hes fucking dying inside
Principal Morita is a Good Bro
Hologram ghosts
Precious Morgan Stark
Harley Keener is cool
MJ/Peter if you squint
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
action! well i tried
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Peter Parker meets Harley
Peter Parker meets Morgan
Identity reveal my friends
I am Iron Man
Peter Parker Whump
whuMP SO MUCH WHUMP
Flash Thompson Redemption
fleeting thoughts of suicide but not enacted upon or considered further
Violence
terrorist attack in a school setting
recovery :)
villain insults person with disability in his monologue
person with disability author: enraged
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Suicide

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

