Work Text:
“So Steve, you’ve ever seen Sharon again?,” Nat asked, raising her beer towards Steve and wiggling her eyebrows in a suggestive way. Steve just chuckled slightly.The Avengers had – for once – a calm evening, just enjoying their free time in the Avengers Headquarters and watching movies. And none of the Avengers seemed to take any hint that Bucky and Steve were dating for literal months and were completely oblivious to the fact that Steve and Bucky were everything but straight. You could be a super spy, a billionaire genius, a scientist with seven PhDs or an actual god and still be fucking blind.Steve and Bucky were everything but subtle. Take now, they were pressed against each other on the couch and Bucky has rested his head on his shoulder. They shared an own floor. They held hands on multiple occasions. Bucky walked around with a big ass pride rainbow plastered on his shirt on a regular basis and nobody commented on it. The only thing they weren’t doing was kissing in public.But neither Steve nor Bucky had the energy to tell them and it came to the point where they just tried to make it as obvious as possible to see how much more it would take any of their friends to figure it out. They even had decided that any of them literally just had to ask and they would get a truthful answer.The thing was, Nat still wanted to set Steve up with somebody.“Nah, haven’t seen her in months.”“Face it folks, the grandpa will stay single for the rest of his sorry life”, Tony howled, definitely already a little bit too drunk for his own good. But what else was new.Steve decided not to comment on it and instead lay his arm around Bucky, who was now slightly snoring against his shoulder.After Bucky had broken out of HYDRA’s mind control and Sam and Steve had taken half a year to finally find him, Bucky was on his way to getting better. They were definitely not there yet and it was not fucking easy. Steve had lost count of how many times he woke up to Bucky screaming or punching Steve before realizing who and where he was. He was also still missing pieces of his memories. But it was getting better, definitely better. Every smile from Bucky meant the world to Steve. And even though the Avengers still treated Bucky with some kind of wary, they had gotten used to him being there and accepted him.  “How about we leave Cap’s love life dead as it is and concentrate on the movie? You all are insufferable and I missed the last five minutes because none of you can ever shut up!” Clint complained. Steve wasn’t sure if Clint was insulting or helping him, which meant that it was probably both.“You can literally lip-read, Clint, get over it”, Nat just said, rolling her eyes, but smiling and poking Clint in the side with her bare foot. They started to bicker, as if they never had anything else to do, and everyone else just ignored them and tried to follow the loose plot of the movie. Steve had no clue what it was actually about, so he just drew Buck closer to himself and buried his nose in Bucky’s soft hair, enjoying the smell that was so significantly Bucky.Nobody seemed even to notice how close they sat.Was he really sure that those fucking idiots were the same people he fought with against evil masterminds? --- When Bucky and Steve started dating, they were sure they didn’t have to announce it, thinking they were just too fucking obviously always crowding the other. So they just didn’t mention it and thought all the Avengers had noticed and just decided not to comment. (Maybe that was their mistake, because there was no way in this universe or any other where Tony Stark could keep his mouth shut about someone else’s personal life. Or Nat would miss an opportunity to tease either of them. Or Vision not giving them an awkward speech of approval.)So both of them were rather surprised when Nat gave Steve his phone – which, by the way, he did not notice her stealing – opened on the apparently new installed Tinder-App. Surprised as in, Bucky almost died choking on his coffee and Steve being more confused than ever in his life, and that meant something, Steve was confused loads of times.“You need a girlfriend, Rogers.”“Huh?”Nat rolled her eyes. “Doesn’t your life get a little bit lonely from time to time? Don’t you want to be with someone you can share everything with?”“But I have Bucky?” Steve said, a question and a statement at the same time, completely stunned and not really able to grasp the situation.“Yeah, but I mean on romantic levels also. And since you didn’t want any of the people I have suggested to you before, I think you should try online dating.”Nat then started to explain how Tinder worked, misinterpreting Steve’s furrowed brows. She did not let either one of them say a word until strutting off with a “Come on, Rogers, your life is sad enough and as much you care about ‘Shared life experience’, you need to get laid.”Bucky had switched from coughing up his coffee to laughing at Steve and grinning like the little shit he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Coming Out
Oblivious Avengers
Domestic Avengers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Deaf Clint Barton
basically just fluff
Fluff and Humor
Attempt at Humor
Established Relationship
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Social Media
Twitter
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Swears
The Avengers Can't Take a Hint
accidental angst
but just very brief
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Heteronormativity
Press Conference
Steve Rogers-centric
ClinTasha if you squint
Tony Being Tony
Sharing a Bed
Avengers Movie Night
Translation Available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

