Chapter 1: Engineering
    




Chapter Text

Engineering

No two ways about it, Bucky Barnes liked Tony Stark.  If he was being honest about it, he had since Steve brought Bucky in soon after the business with SHIELD and HYDRA and the Insight helicarriers.  Tony Stark had taken him in then, even after Steve had explained what Bucky had done, what had been done to him, and set him up with lawyers and doctors and therapists and his own tech.
Tony wasn’t as keen on him, of course, and Bucky didn’t blame him for that.  Finding out a guy killed your parents and then almost killed your friends, even if the guy was brainwashed at the time, would hardly endear a fellow to you.  That Tony helped him at all showed just what an upstanding kind of man he was.  It may have mostly been because Bucky was Steve’s old friend and Steve had asked Tony for help as soon as he found out, but that was fine.  Bucky couldn’t help but like a guy who would look out for Steve that way.
Things did get better as time went on.  Between the retro framing sessions, maintenance on Bucky’s arm, and fighting together on the Avengers, the initial anger wore off and Tony slowly warmed up to him.  It helped that Bucky was as much a wise guy as Tony was; a few tentative jokes between them to break the tension eventually became a near-constant stream of good-natured jibes back and forth whenever they were in the same place at the same time.  It drove the others crazy, especially poor Steve who had to try to ride herd on them, but Bucky wouldn’t trade seeing the normally put-together Tony Stark cracking up over some stupid pun Bucky had made for all the world.
The Winter Soldier, unfortunately, was another matter.  
Winter didn’t dislike Tony, exactly, but he didn’t trust him, either.  Tony Stark was a powerful man who had every reason to want Bucky and Winter dead.  From his time under HYDRA, Winter knew what happened when a powerful person wanted someone dead.  He had been what happened when they wanted someone dead.  Winter didn’t understand why Tony insisted on helping rather than hurting, and the uncertainty made him uneasy and suspicious.
After everything Tony had done for them, Bucky wouldn’t have been surprised if the other man had been offended by Winter’s obvious distrust.  Bucky sure didn’t appreciate Winter’s attitude toward someone he was beginning to think of as a friend.  Tony, though, took it like a champ.  He just gave them their space when Winter made an appearance and shrugged off the assassin’s wary looks and apprehensive behavior.  That Tony seemed to consider himself deserving of the animosity and suspicion made Bucky feel even worse about Winter continuing to regard Tony as something closer to an enemy.
At least, that’s how Bucky had thought Winter regarded Tony until Winter decided to make an unannounced visit while Tony was working on their mechanical arm. 
Even though Bucky was usually the one in charge, Winter was always there, a constant presence in Bucky’s mind who was not shy about sharing his two cents.  The only time Winter ever pulled back enough that Bucky could hardly notice him was when the arm was being worked on.  It was understandable, really.  Maintenance under HYDRA had been anything but pleasant; Bucky only had vague memories, but those he could remember were filled with enough pain and fear to explain why Winter didn’t want to be aware even if Tony was nothing like HYDRA.
Bucky, on the other hand, looked forward to the time set aside every week for maintaining the arm.  Tony was incredibly busy but the repairs and upgrades to the arm meant he and Bucky had a chance to shoot the breeze uninterrupted for a while as Tony carefully worked on the delicate mechanisms.  Bucky getting to admire what a good-looking guy Tony was while he was at it was just icing. 
That Bucky was a little too caught up watching Tony might explain how he didn’t notice Winter suddenly coming back to awareness.  He was just trying to get Tony to laugh, wanting to see the other man smile at him again, when he found himself pushed aside and no longer in the driver’s seat. 
Tony looked up when Bucky fell silent and, smart guy as he was, must have realized what had happened even as Bucky was scrambling for control.  Tony set his tools down and rolled his seat backwards, keeping his movements slow and nonthreatening.
“Hello, Snowflake,” Tony said, watching Winter carefully.  “To what do I owe the pleasure of your company this fine afternoon?”
Winter remained silent, looking from Tony, to the mechanical arm on the workbench between them, panels still open, and then back to Tony.  The action made Bucky redouble his efforts to take command of their shared body; Winter hadn’t attacked anyone unprovoked since the triggers had been removed, but between his ambivalence towards Tony and the anxiety coming in waves from having the arm worked on, Bucky wasn’t interested in taking chances.  He paused in his efforts, though, when he heard Winter speak.

[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Developing Relationship
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
5+1+1
Winter Soldier is a separate personality

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

