Chapter 1: Weight of It All
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 - Weight of It AllPeter Parker’s tired eyes are trying to focus on screwing in a tiny screw on the back of a circuit board, when there’s a loud knock on his door, and he fumbles it completely, the end, landing in a pile of metal scraps, and scattering them all over his desk. “Peter!” May’s voice calls. “You better not be soldering in there again! It smells like something’s burning!”He isn’t currently soldering, but it’s not out of the realm of possibilities for later. What’s more likely, is that May is burning their dinner but hasn’t yet realized it. He lunges toward his backpack and grabs his history book, laying it on top of everything else before May can open the door. “No!” he says in mock outrage. “I’m studying for finals. Like I said I was.”The door clicks open, and May stands there with her hand on her hip. “Dinner will be ready in ten minutes. And put all that other stuff away. I swear, it looks more like a junkyard in here than a bedroom.”“Okay,” he agrees, but when she closes the door again, Peter slumps over his book, his face pressing painfully into the pages. Grief isn’t something new to either of them, but May doesn’t really get it exactly. Sure, she knows what it’s like to grieve, but she didn’t know Mr Stark as well as he did. She doesn’t get what Mr Stark meant to him. Also, she hasn’t had three father figures die in almost sixteen years. She can’t possibly know what that’s like. Most days, Peter just goes through the motions. His grades suffered a little at first, but now he’s got that back under control. Most nights, if he’s not taking things apart and putting them back together as new things, he’s swinging around Queens pretending like he’s okay or sobbing into his pillow, barely admitting to himself that he’s definitely not okay. Everyone says that he’ll move on eventually, but he can’t even imagine it. Mr Stark was just so important to him. No one gets it. No one.He feels so isolated. Sure, occasionally he will hear from Happy, or Rhodey, but it’s not the same. He hasn’t heard from Pepper at all since he came home, but he figures that’s to be expected. If anyone understood at all what Peter was going through, it was Pepper and Morgan. Then again, he’s not sure how much Morgan really understood. He had been a little older than Morgan is when his parents died, and it was traumatic, but nothing at all like it was losing Ben or Mr Stark. Not even close. Maybe she won’t even remember him.The thought makes him want to cry. But dinner is in a few minutes, so he bites his lip and sniffs back the tears. He doesn’t have time to think about how much he misses Mr Stark right now.He’s just about to start cleaning up his desk when his phone buzzes, and he looks down at it. He’s not exactly surprised to see that Happy is calling. He’s just not in the mood to talk right now. If he picks up the call, he’s probably going to start crying. And he doesn’t want anyone to know how awful it’s been for him.The phone stops vibrating and the screen goes black. A second or so later, it lights up again. Happy is calling back.Peter sighs and picks up the phone. “Hey, Happy.”“Are you okay? I haven’t heard from you in what--a week?”“Yeah, I’m fine,” Peter says, but even to his own ears, he sounds depressed.“You don’t sound fine. Look, kid. There’s this thing coming up in a week. I’ll pick you up from school on Wednesday. May says it’s your last day. She gave permission too, in case you’re wondering.”Peter sniffs. “What kind of thing? A mission? Because I’m kind of on a break from official Avengers stuff... ”“No, no,” Happy says, but sounds a little far off. “It’s more like… a retreat. Rhodey’s orders. He wants you there.”“I don’t know,” Peter says quietly. “Where is it?”“Undisclosed location,” is all Happy says.Peter says nothing, just staring down at the words in his book until they blur.“Come on, kid. Morgan misses you.”Peter’s bottom lip trembles. He wants to yell about how much he misses Mr Stark, but he can’t do a fucking thing about it. And he feels selfish, because Mr Stark is Morgan’s real dad. “I gotta go,” he says, his voice nearly cracking. “I’ll think about it and text you later.”“Okay,” Happy says, sounding defeated. “Talk to May about it.”“Bye, Happy.” Peter disconnects the call without waiting for a response. He stands up from his desk and stares down at his phone for a long time before leaving it there and moving towards the kitchen where May is waiting for him. The table is set, and she’s just placing the plate of meatloaf in the center. Beside it is a bowlful of steamed broccoli, a pad of butter melting on top. The meatloaf is only a little burned, and it actually looks edible, but Peter isn’t hungry.May, contrary to his mood, seems fairly chipper. “Did you talk to Happy? He said he was going to call you.”He looks up at her, trying not glare. “Is everyone ganging up on me? He wouldn’t even tell me where it was. Something about an undisclosed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
THIS IS A FIX-IT
Endgame - Fix-it
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Morgan Stark is an adorable little sister
Peter Parker is the best big brother
Let's all heal our hearts
Irondad
Hurt/Comfort
Iron Family
Happy/May - Freeform
Tony/Pepper - Freeform
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Iron Dad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

