Chapter 1: Daredevil
    




Chapter Text
“Ugh, ninjas? Really?” Wade said with a groan. “I just came back stateside – I wanted some good ol’ fashioned shootouts.”Peter kicked at a duo of robed men, avoiding their blades and putting them out of commission before they could get to their target. “Sorry to disappoint.”“Naw, you always pick the best date nights, Webs.”“You always say that until you get stabbed. Their swords are coated in some kind of toxin,” Peter warned – well, reminded. He and Wade had been enjoying Wade’s first night back by going on a joint patrol through Manhattan. Things hadn’t gotten too crazy, until Peter’s spidey senses rang through his head and brought them to the edge of Hell’s Kitchen. Where, of course, the resident Daredevil had been trying to beat down a drug ring protected by ninjas.Or some secret immortal clan of fighters called The Hand, but come on, Peter knew ninjas when he saw them.“I’ll be fine!” There was a clash of metal as Wade’s swords came in contact with another pair.“Are you sure?” Peter hefted up a barely conscious Matt Murdock. He had a painful looking gash in his side, burning to the touch.“Yeah, there’s only like… six of them left. Piece of cake. Go save your friend.” Peter frowned – Wade wouldn’t die, but Peter definitely didn’t want to have to stage an emergency extraction because he’d been too weak to get away. On the other hand – Peter knew how bad the Hand’s toxin was. If he didn’t get the cure to Matt soon, he was as good as dead.“Fine! Don’t get kidnapped.”“Love you too!”Peter held Matt close, flying through the various blocks in the neighborhood and going farther south. He had thought of dropping Matt off at his apartment – it was closer – but he also knew the Hand; they tended to trail anyone who got in their way, and Peter didn’t feel like beating off another group of Krav Maga experts while trying to keep Matt from dying. Instead he carried him closer to Greenwich, landing on a stout building and kicking in the access door before barging into the apartment he shared with Wade. He dumped Matt on the couch as gingerly and quickly as he could before rushing over to the kitchen.“Okay, cure, cure – what was it? Matt?” The other man mumbled something incoherently. “Shit. Uh, okay, okay, think Peter – chemistry 101, easy. What do you do to draw out toxins?” He started opening cabinets, gathering baking soda, vinegar, salt, and running into the bathroom to grab some weird lump of activated charcoal Wade swore by. He mixed everything in with some hot water. “Yeah, okay, that should work… Hope it works.” Rushing over to the couch, Peter turned Matt on his side so he could see the wound more clearly, and he spread the poultice over it.Immediately, there was a horrible hiss, and Matt yelled out in pain before taking a strained breath and stilling. The apartment was dark, but Peter could see lines of steam from the wound as the toxin combined with the mixture, rendering the once lethal chemical compound harmless.“Matt?” Peter asked, after a minute.“…Yeah.” Peter put a hand on the other’s shoulder.“Thank God. Okay. I’ll get you cleaned up. Stay – stay there.”“Don’t think I could move,” Matt answered dryly. Peter got Matt out of the blood soaked suit and into some sweatpants. Peter pulled of his mask and gloves and tossed them onto the coffee table, pulling out a well work med kit and getting to work.“It’s funny,” Peter murmured, as he disinfected a cut on Matt’s cheek. “I can’t remember the last time I had to stitch myself up, and now I have to do it to you.”“Should I be worried?”“Nah, it’s like riding a bike, right?” Matt didn’t complain, even as Peter wiped away the black mixture, disinfected it, and started to sew it up. He winced and clenched his fists, but that spoke more to the rawness of the wound than Peter’s nursing skills.“Have you been lucky lately?” Matt said, voice strained. “If you didn’t need stitches.”“Lucky? Nah. Wade insists on doing it all for me. I feel kind of bad. Whenever he gets hurt, all he needs is somewhere comfortable to sit and maybe someone to make sure he’s not getting blood all over the carpet. And the walls. And the sheets. You know.” Work done, he packed away the med kit and washed his hands in the kitchen sink. He threw a black zip up hoodie over Matt’s shoulders. The other man didn’t say anything else, and Peter retreated back into his bedroom to hopefully give Matt a chance to rest.Peter wanted to go out, find Wade, see if he needed help, but he didn’t want to leave. Matt was probably too close to touch-and-go for that. So instead, he kept his eyes on his phone, waiting for Wade to respond to his text, or call back, or just appear in the apartment.He didn’t even realize he was bouncing his leg until he heard Matt mutter from the living room, “I can’t sleep with you worrying in there.”“You weren’t going to sleep.” Peter said, leaning against the doorframe of his bedroom. “Knowing you, if I left, you’d stumble into your costume and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Comedy
Fluff
Misunderstandings
5+1 Things
Secret Relationship
it's not really secret everyone else is just dumb af lol
Oblivious Peter Parker
Truth Serum
Established Relationship
Secret Marriage

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

