Work Text:
Most people could be forgiven for assuming, when they passed Steve and Bucky in the street and caught the scent of an alpha and a beta walking side by side, that the alpha was the tall, well built guy with the confidant gait, easy smile and charming glint in his eye. It was an easy mistake to make. No one really pegged the short, weedy guy in the oversize jacket for anything other than a particularly runty beta, or even an omega.Particularly when he'd start to cough into his fists, taking rattling breaths as he wheezed his way through yet another bout of sickness. He wasn't exactly the paragon of dominance and leadership that alphas tended to be. Nah, Bucky looked far more fit to the stereotype. He did himself fine as a beta nonetheless – his charm and natural talents making up for any loss in the social hierarchy that he didn't have by not being an alpha himself.After all, being an alpha didn't exactly guarantee you everything. Steve was the shining proof of that.*Bucky honestly hadn't intended anything by coming home covered in the scent of an omega in pre-heat, but he realized what a mistake he might have made when he pushed the door to their little apartment open and immediately found himself reeling back from the sensory assault that was overpowering their rooms.Oh, shit, he realized. Steve was in rut. The scent of him basically clogged the air with the thick, heavy smell of an alpha at the peak of his mating cycle.Steve didn't go into rut very often, at all. Once every couple of years, really, when it was more or less a quarter-annual thing for most alphas. It was impossible to predict, too, when it would happen – they had the distinct impression that it would just rear its head (quite literally) whenever Steve's body was healthy enough to be able to handle it.'Jesus, Steve,' Bucky called as he finally entered the apartment, blinking his eyes and sniffing the air as he adjusted to the olfactory assault. He found his face scrunching up, nose crinkling and lips curling. It wasn't that the scent was unpleasant – Bucky could even say that it was fairly appealing, if he was honest – but it was positively overpowering. It was getting pretty late at night, but he was sure that Steve would still be up. He usually waited up when Bucky went off to the dance halls, and even if that wasn't the case, sleeping while in rut was by all accounts a difficult task.'Yeah, I know,' Steve groused back, and Bucky caught sight of him as he came around the small corner that led from their entrance-way to the living room. His friend was slouched out on the sofa, one hand holding an open paperback to his chest, the other hand pressing against his clothed erection (not touching himself exactly, just pressed there, clearly trying to relieve the pressure). He was looking up at Bucky with a blatantly surly expression.Rut always made Steve's already hot temper positively crackle.'I didn't realize it was coming,' Bucky said, leaning against the entrance to the room. 'You were fine this morning.''I didn't know either,' Steve sighed, dropping his head back onto the armrest and groaning. 'It only really set in after you went out. There goes the next two days, I guess...'Bucky quirked a sympathetic smile. 'That stinks, buddy,' he said. Steve never handled his ruts very well, mostly just staying inside and being cranky for a couple of days. Cranky and constantly, painfully erect. Even if he only got them when he could physically handle them, he was still too weak in general to actually do anything about them, so there was generally just a lot of sitting about and complaining.Just as Bucky was about to open his mouth to ask if he could offer Steve anything to eat or drink now that he was in, the alpha's head lifted up off the couch arm and his nostrils flared as he sniffed the air. Bucky felt his stomach sink. How he could smell anything over the stench of his own rut was a mystery to Bucky, but since that was his own smell, it did make sense that he'd pick up on anything unfamiliar.Steve's eyes narrowed as he glared at Bucky. 'You smell like heat,' he said, accusation in his tone.Bucky felt like tugging at his collar. 'Uh, pre-heat actually,' he corrected. 'I wouldn't 've if I'd realized you'd be goin' into rut, pal. Sorry.'Steve just looked incredulous. 'Did you seriously go with an omega going into heat, Bucky? Are you kidding me?''Christ, no!' That would be ridiculous, Bucky thought. Too much baggage for a quick one-night thing, all that bonding and claiming and the whole lasting-several-days thing. God, what a dick he'd be to just leave. 'We just danced, Stevie. Hell. I don't smell that bad, surely?''It's pretty strong,' Steve replied, but he seemed somewhat mollified, and picked his book back up off his chest, going back to reading even as he continued to press his palm into his wood. 'Grab me a glass of water, Buck?''Yes, sir,' Bucky said with an eye-roll, wandering into the kitchen and filling a cup from the sink. While t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Beta
Light Dom/sub
Oral Sex
Frottage
Sexual Roleplay
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Smut
No Angst
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
1940s
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

