Work Text:
Steve giggled when Bucky nuzzled into the side of his neck, and that sound made Bucky feel drunker than all the whiskey they'd downed together, celebrating. But when Bucky said, "Steve," he shoved his fingers against Bucky's mouth hard enough to shut him up."Don't say it again," Steve slurred, and there was still a laugh in his mouth but two of his fingers were jabbing sharply into Bucky's gums. "If you say it again I'm putting my shirt back on."Steve's shirt was somewhere back by the front door. Bucky had gotten him all the way into their bedroom and onto the bed nearer the window, so he thought that was mostly an empty threat. But he didn't want Steve falling down six times trying to make good on it either. He had a job to do here, and letting Steve stomp off and fall on his face wasn't it. "Whatever you say," Bucky said blurrily around Steve's fingers, kissing clumsily at his throat. "Anything, because I ad--""No," Steve insisted, drawing his hand back to poke his finger into Bucky's cheek. "You don't, Buck, adoring's for saints. I ain't a saint.""Sure you are." Bucky got back to kissing his way down, licking along the slightly sweaty line of Steve's sharp collarbone, and then remembered he'd been in the middle of saying something. "Patron saint of Barnes. Barneses. Me."Steve sighed gustily at that but didn't actually argue. That was good, because Steve shutting up for a minute meant Bucky could go back to what he was doing, which was getting to work adoring. He dragged his lips down the shallow curve of Steve's chest from his collarbone, pale skin soft under his lips. Steve was mostly hard edges, but when you got him out of his clothes all those edges were wrapped up in silk, spotless and fair from staying indoors and keeping his shirt on all the time. Steve could get chilled in July if he wasn't eating right, and God knew they didn't eat right often enough.They'd be eating better from now on, though. Bucky sealed that promise with a smacking kiss just above Steve's flat brown nipple and then licked over the nub, making Steve gasp in the middle of another laugh. Steve's hand came down to tangle in Bucky's hair. That was good, that meant Steve was definitely done threatening to put his clothes back on. Bucky licked again and then sucked, appreciating the little breathy sounds Steve made and the way his chest jumped under Bucky's mouth, and his long, strong fingers in Bucky's hair. Bucky couldn't do without those fingers all of a sudden. He turned his head, raising a hand to drag Steve's fingers down to his mouth. He sucked them in instead of getting jabbed this time. That made Steve wriggle all over, which made Bucky wriggle right back and draw Steve's fingers deeper into his mouth. They went a long way in. Steve had long fingers, beautiful fingers. They were as pretty as his skin, and mostly as soft, except the pencil callus on one finger--Bucky pulled back to suck on Steve's ring finger specially, wrapping his tongue around that little bump while Steve's thumb pressed at his lower lip. He turned Steve's hand to kiss the back of it, each of his knuckles--not bruised right now, for a wonder, because Steve had been too busy with drawing work to get into trouble for a few days. Bucky was going to make sure he could draw all the time, so he'd remember to keep his hands nice, keep out of fights when Bucky wasn't around to do the heavy hitting for him.Bucky snickered into the back of Steve's hand at the thought. He was never going to make Steve have enough sense not to get into fights. Steve could never let anything go."Don't say it," Steve repeated, flexing his hand to tap his knuckles against Bucky's mouth, and there, that was exactly it. Bucky hadn't been anywhere near saying it, had other things to do with his mouth right now, but Steve couldn't let it go. Bucky closed his teeth on Steve's knuckles, gently, not enough to leave a mark, just enough to let Steve know that Bucky knew he could take it, always would take it whether he really could or not. That was his Steve.Steve just huffed and tugged his hand away from Bucky's mouth, and this time when he got his fingers in Bucky's hair he gave Bucky a little push, reminding him that he'd been in the middle of kissing his way down Steve's body. Steve wasn't shy either, not with Bucky."All right, I got it," Bucky said into Steve's chest, licking up the hard little valley of his breastbone and kissing his way back down. He had his hands on Steve's ribs, could feel every ridge and valley of them under his fingers, as well as Steve's quick breathing. They were in the golden time of year at the end of September when the humid summer air had cleared up enough not to be soup in Steve's lungs but the frost hadn't started getting to him yet. They could do anything this time of year.He shifted his hands lower, to the flat of Steve's belly. He knew how to touch Steve so he didn't tickle; Steve could be vicious, especially when he was drunk. Bucky loved that, l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bad Puns
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

