Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He has his uniform on and secured around his arm is the shield. He's ready for another mission, or at least it appears like he is. Steve takes a deep breath, but it does little to ease his nerves. It's not the current task that's getting to him; he has a secret, a big one, and he's not ready to reveal it. Only one other person knows and he intends to keep it that way until he's comfortable telling the rest of the team. He knows Tony should've been the first person to find out, but he was also the person Steve was the most afraid to tell.
Steve forces Tony out of his thoughts and directs his attention back to the mission. It's an even worse thought and Steve is suddenly regretting taking on the assignment, but he doesn't have a choice. If he had rejected it then his teammates would grow suspicious and he'd have to come clean to not only them, but Tony as well.
He's not there yet.
He'll just have to be cautious, be careful where he takes the hits. It's not only a risky plan, but a stupid one. Probably the worst one to date. He argues with himself, the internal battle distracting him and he doesn't hear the footsteps that enter the room. Someone clears their throat behind him and Steve turns and finds an amused Tony.
“Hi, Cap. I'm not interrupting anything am I?” Tony asks, the stupid grin still plastered on his face.
“No,” Steve answers quickly. Maybe it's a little too quickly because Tony chuckles.
“Yeah, that's convincing. Do you have a minute?” Tony sounds serious now and it shakes Steve down to his core. There was no way he knew, right? Steve is worried.
“The team's waiting for us.” It's then Steve realizes Tony isn't in his own suit and he furrows his brows. “Are you not coming?”
“I am,” Tony replies and he crosses his arms over his chest. “I just want to talk first.”
“Are we breaking up?” Steve asks and Tony rolls his eyes.
“No. I mean unless you-”
“No.”
“Great. Good to know.” 
It grows silent for a moment, then Tony let's out a sigh. “Are you okay?”
Steve knows where this is going and he nods. “Yeah, fine.”
Tony doesn't look convinced and Steve knows his lie is falling through. He had been sick, or actually, he still is sick and for a while he thought he could keep it hidden. But his boyfriend wasn't an idiot and this conversation was bound to happen sooner or later. Steve had hoped for the latter; he was still scared to tell Tony the real reason behind his sudden illness.
“Come on, Steve. I know when you're lying. What's going on with you?” Tony asks and Steve knows he has to say something, preferably the truth. But he doesn't.
“Everything's fine. I would tell you if things weren't.” It's just another lie and Steve hates himself for doing it. 
“I don't really believe you, but whatever. Keep lying all you want.”
“Tony, stop. I'm not lying.”
“Really? Because you're still doing it. Just tell me,” Tony demands and Steve lets out a sigh. The words are right there on the tip of his tongue, but he can't get them out. Tony is growing more agitated by the minute and Steve knows if his next words aren't the right thing then Tony's going to storm off and be angry with him for the rest of the day.
“I can't tell you.” Steve knows those are definitely not the right words and the look on Tony's face is evident that he agrees. Tony scoffs and shakes his head disapprovingly and turns to leave. “Wait!” Steve calls out and Tony stops. “I'm sorry.”
Tony doesn't turn around and Steve finds himself alone again.
They don't speak again after that and just as Steve predicted, Tony not only shows how angry he is, he ignores Steve. It's nothing new, but usually when Tony gives him the silent treatment they're not on a mission. It's not the time or the place for them to be in a fight, but Steve doesn't get the chance to voice any of it to Tony. He has a team to lead.
It's not only Tony who's upset with him. Bruce is giving him a disapproving look and Steve tries not look him in the eye while he addresses the team. It's not until his pep talk is over and he's leading the way toward the Quinjet does he feel someone grab him by the arm. He stops and turns to find Bruce.
“You're really going to do this? What about the-”
Steve shushes him harshly and pulls him away from the team's earshot. “I don't have a choice. I can't have them asking questions.”
“Steve, do you have any idea how dangerous this is?” Bruce asks and he shakes himself free from Steve's firm grasp.
“I'll be fine.”
“Steve-”
“Just trust me on this.”
Bruce sighs and runs a hand through his hair. “Be careful.”
Steve nods. “I will.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnant Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Baby Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Childbirth
graphic birth
Peter Parker is Tony and Steve's Biological Child
Worried Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Superfamily (Marvel)
Alternate Universe
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Nursing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

