Work Text:
 When Tony leaves Titan, Nebula in tow, he’s exhausted in a way he’s never experienced before which is saying a lot. Tony’s a connoisseur of exhaustion courtesy of his raging insomnia and the never-ending cycle of night terrors, now with added content featuring the echoing Snap that could be heard throughout the galaxy, and the dust he can never wipe off, nor want to.Despite his best wishes, he knew that he’d lose Peter the minute Thanos left them on Titan. Just like Tony knew his worst nightmare was coming to fruition when the glance at his hand-produced nothing but the ashes that made up Peter.Before him, space is nothing but a yawning chasm, and he wonders if he screams – if anyone will hear him.Nebula tells him flatly that she will, and he’s so surprised he actually snorts.“Thanos knew you,” she eventually says.“I knew him too.”The alien woman doesn’t say anything, doesn’t even look his way, but Tony feels the judgment all the same even if she has none for him when she adds, “It isn’t over.”Tony exhales. “I know.” He never knew how they would reach this point, only that they would. Only that he could do nothing to change the outcome no matter how many killer androids he created, how many gods he stood toe-to-toe with, how much of his soul he paid with.The Doctor’s words echo, “It was the only way” and Tony takes that for the comfort it is.The outcome has already been written.But after – After hasn’t. After, he can still change. After, Tony can write himself.When Quill’s ship reaches Earth’s stratosphere, Friday comes on the comms, and Tony’s never felt such relief that the Snap didn’t take her. He’d already lost one child today, and Jarvis alone is still such a gaping wound, the thought of Peter...No, if Friday had been gone too - no, Tony can’t –“Boss," she all but whimpers, and Tony. Tony knows. He swallows, clenches his fist to stop it from shaking, and asks, “Who?”For a moment, his girl hesitates, and then with a whisper, she shatters his resolve, “All of them.”It takes less than an hour to make landfall, to see what remains of Earth, what is left after the attacks by Thanos’ children and then by what is left behind after the Snap itself. Tony doesn’t register much despite the newsreels Friday sends through to Quill’s ship. The number of those disintegrated is innumerable, but those that have remained that were simply a consequence of it are in the thousands by early estimates.The Tower is ironically untouched, and the penthouse echoes in the absence.The television is still on, but the cable’s out.Happy’s pot of oatmeal is still on the stove, Pepper’s chamomile tea has gone cold in her forgotten teacup next to her Starkpad, Rhodey’s files are still scattered on the dining room table alongside the R&D proposals Tony had been looking over before Pepper had convinced him to go for a run:“It’ll only be for thirty minutes. Come on, you’ve been complaining about those proposals for two days, I thought you’d jump at a distraction!”  And now it was like she was just in the lobby of the Tower, terrorizing the front desk.Like Rhodey himself had just stepped out to take one of his quote-unquote “Grown-Up” phone calls. Like Happy was only in the other room so he could watch his Downton Abbey episodes without Tony’s quips. Like they’re all still here.But wouldn’t that just figure? Tony’s always been surrounded by ghosts.It doesn’t take long before Friday interrupts that he has calls waiting, a lot of them. Every Tom, Dick, and Frank want to know what happened; where he’s been; what he did; why it wasn’t enough –Tony's good at that, though, he’s had hours to ruminate and craft a response like Pepper and Rhodey would want. He knows what to say, he knows who they want, and if Nebula raises a brow at the voice and the mask Tony puts on, he ignores her.Right until he can’t anymore because she has a blaster aimed at the doorway in warning, and Tony almost wants to tell her to forget it – let whoever that’s come, finish it.But Barnes does nothing more than stand there, hands visible at his sides, expression carefully neutral.“Of course, of all the people that could get Snapped, you managed to avoid it. How typical.” When Barnes’ expression falls in a look of pure devastation so raw in the face of all the numbness Tony’s been operating under, he gapes. “Bucky?” The surprise at Tony’s realization is clear, almost joyous even as it wars with an anguish that's pure guilt, “I know you don’t want me around, I’m probably the last person you want to even see considering but – I want to help.”Tony’s still too baffled to think of anything beyond, “Why?”Barnes licks his lips, anxious and shamed as he avoids Tony’s eyes. “He – the Soldier – he’s gone.” In a rush, Bucky adds, “I know it’s probably – a good thing – but I don’t know how to be without him, no matter what Steve says. And I know it’s twisted to even be asking you with what we did to you, but I…” He swallows hard and his gaze finally settles as he says, “I need
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Avengers: Infinity War
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
What is Endgame
I do not subscribe to that reality
Tony Stark Deserves A Hug
Tony Stark needs to be protected at all costs
Tony Stark is petty and angry and sad
Author is still angry about CW
Author is also angry about Endgame
I have a lot of anger in my body
Pro-Accords
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
tony rants
I rant
There's a lot of yelling

fandom: 
None
