Work Text:
“Wake up Penny, it’s time to check the fit of your wedding dress honey. We have to make sure that your tits will fill it out nicely,” Eddie coos in his ear as he manhandles Peter up into his arms and Peter is torn between pulling away and burrowing into the warmth of Eddie’s chest and settles for just staying still. The wedding dress is pure white with lace crawling up the front and a collar of lace that is designed to be tight against his throat to remind him that he belongs to Venom. As always. “Sssssso pretty Penny,” Venom says nuzzling his half formed face against Peter’s stomach and tentacles rub along his hips. Which when he had first been taker were sharp and thin, are now soft and curved and the flesh there is smooth and supple, so soft that Venom and Eddie are obsessed with leaving little hickeys and bruises on the flesh there.“Your hair is perfect,” Venom says as Eddie sinks a hand into the soft feminine curls that they had made him grow out. Eddie likes to use them as a hand hold when he or Venom are fucking Peter’s throat or when he’s been bad that use them to drag him around the room. They set him down next to the dress and Venom manifests his tentacles and they hold him immobile while the dress is slipped on over his head and Venom hisses unhappily when the lace material over his chest bunches up and sinks in a little.“Aww Penny. Your chest is still too small. It can’t fit into the dress. I guess Venom needs to work your tits a little more. Right V?” Eddie says carefully putting the dress way as Venom circles Peter’s body and covers his cock and pushes it down so his cock is hidden away and he looks smooth between his legs. Peter tries not to look, not wanting a reminder of his new body and the changes that were made.“God Penny, look at these tits so soft and cute,” Eddie says and he takes each soft mound into his hand and gives them a soft squeeze and his fingers catch on the rings that had been pierced through his nipples and then it’s Venom’s turn.“Assssssk niccccccely Penny,” Venom hisses and Peter bites his lip with a shudder.“Please Venom, can you make my tits bigger? I want to fill my dress up, fit the pretty lace properly so I can be your pretty girl on our wedding day,” Peter says and the tentacles wraps around the meat of his breasts and begins squeezing and pulling. Needle-like tentacles push into the base of his breasts and Peter watches as the flesh begins to balloon and his breasts take on a soft pink flesh color and Venom moans and pulls the needles out and Eddie gives the breasts a quick squeeze and Peter feels his cock leak into Venom’s hold.“Is your clitty leaking Penny?” Venom asks and Peter feels Venom cup him tighter and then pull away leaving the piece there to keep him tucked away.“She’s ready Eddie. I’ll go get everything ready,” Venom says and Peter watches his tentacles shoot out of Eddie and into the other room.“Let’s get you dressed,” Eddie says settling Peter into his dress and the lace fits perfectly over his chest and it brushes up and over and around Peter’s swollen nipples. Making Peter keen and he catches sight of the bra Eddie has been trying to get him to wear for months. He doesn’t want to wear it but the cup will protect his sensitive nipples.“Eddie?” “Yes sweetheart?” Eddie asks pushing his tits...pecs Peter, boys have pecs…in and watching them flop back out and he rolls them in his hands and ruts against where Venom is trapping Peter’s cock.“Can I wear a bra?” Peter asks and groans as Venom gives his cock a squeeze and wiggles a sound into his cock to keep him soft.“A bra for what?”“For...for my tits,” Peter says and keens as Eddie slips his fingers into the piercings and yanks on them until Peter is bent over and Peter sobs out as a cock is slid into his hole and his body clenches around the intrusion and Peter lays there limp, not wanting to waste the energy fighting back when he’ll need it to resist whatever Venom and Eddie have planned for tonight. “That’s it baby doll. You always feel calmer when there is a warm cock in your pussy. Girls like you always calm down when you are nice and filled. Whether it’s a nice big juicy cock or with a nice gooey load or with Venom’s eggs and I can’t wait to watch the egg to be hatched. Your tits will look so good nursing a baby for Venom while filled with another,” Eddie says and rubs a hand down from Peter’s tits…pecs dammit...to caress his stomach that gets bigger and bigger everyday as Peter gets closer and closer to giving Venom a baby. “Eddie! Everything is ready!” Venom says and Eddie pulls Peter into the room with a hand on his piercings and the first think Peter notices is that there is a large metal contraption up by Venom. Peter whimpers and tries to stop Eddie as the man pushes and pulls him into place and it keeps his arms stretched out and his hands kept open and his legs are spread wide open with metal piping around his thighs pressed against where his cock is trapped and there must be some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Underage Rape/Non-con
Feminization
Forced Feminization
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Rape
Oviposition
Bondage
Gags
Rimming
Sounding
Lingerie
Weddings
Tit Torture

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote

