Chapter 1: You Got the Heart of a Phoenix
    


Summary:

In which Tony has a defective mark, becomes Iron Man, joins the Avengers, falls in love with Steve Rogers, and finds his soulmate.





Chapter Text
Tony Stark is born with a soulmark.This, in and of itself, is not unusual. Everyone is born with a soulmark- unless, of course, their soulmate is already dead. What’s more unusual is how sometimes Tony has a soulmark and sometimes he doesn’t.And, well, no one quite knows what to do with that. After all, soulmarks only disappear when a person’s soulmate is dead. But one day, Tony had a soulmark and then the next he didn’t. Tony had barely had enough time to realize that something was wrong before it was back.Tony had been two. He’d immediately known that something was wrong and toddled off to show Jarvis (even at that age, he’d known better than to bring a problem to his parents). Jarvis had frowned as Tony’s mark flickered again and then he’d taken Tony to see Howard anyway.Howard hadn’t much liked Tony’s soulmark. When he was younger, Tony thought it was because Howard didn’t like soulmarks- and, by extension soulmates- in general (Howard’s mark- a slate grey mushroom cloud- didn’t match Maria’s- a green leaf shot through with veins of gold). It takes nearly forty years for Tony to realize that it was really just Tony’s mark that Howard had a problem with, that Tony’s mark was something bitterly familiar, a reminder of Howard’s greatest failure.But that comes later.
For now, Tony is seven and sprawled across the library floor because he’d dared to suggest that he could improve on one of Howard’s designs. He knows as soon as the words leave his mouth that he’s made a mistake and he tries to take them back but Howard’s already heard him. He barely has enough time to brace himself for the backhanded slap but he’s only a child and he lands hard on his left arm.There’s a sharp crack and then a blinding pain in his wrist. Tony whimpers, a low sound that becomes a cry when Howard grabs the injured wrist to drag him up. His feet scrabble at the ground, barely able to find purchase when Howard lifts him higher.“Think I’m wrong, do you, boy?” Howard hisses. “Think I’ve made a mistake?” He hums mockingly, waiting for an answer.Tony doesn’t quite yet know what answer Howard wants at times like this (that knowledge comes later, with experience and age) so he stutters out, “I- I just thought that- that you might have- have missed something.”Howard’s face goes apoplectic with rage and Tony winces. “Missed something?” he shouts. He brings his face close to Tony so that he can smell the alcohol on his breath. At this point, Tony does know not to flinch- because “Stark men are made of iron, boy”- so he stands his ground as best as he can when he’s dangling a few inches off the ground.“You think you know better than me, is that it?” Howard snaps. “You think you’re so smart? Let me tell you something about the only mistake I see here. This-” He shakes Tony’s wrist and Tony cries out as the bones grind against each other. As they watch, the mark flickers before disappearing. “This means you’re defective. You know what that means? You’re a mistake. The universe itself said you don’t deserve this soulmate.”“That’s not true,” Tony says as bravely as he can through the waves of pain.“No?” Howard laughs harshly. “Then you tell me. What does it mean?”And Tony doesn’t know what to say to that. How could he? All the money and all the best doctors Maria could find hadn’t been able to tell them why Tony’s mark flickered like that. But he stubbornly repeats, “That’s not true.”Howard sneers and throws him back down before stalking off. Tony slowly gets back up cradling his probably broken wrist to his chest and goes to find Jarvis.It’s the first time Tony’s ever been told that his mark makes him worthless but it’s not the last. Howard certainly makes sure to remind him of that every chance he gets but it isn’t just Howard.It happens when Tony is ten and the Fujikawa heir (with a pretty red rose on her wrist) innocently asks him what’s wrong with his mark when she happens to see it disappear. Tony starts wearing a band around his wrist so that people can’t see his mark.It happens when Tony is thirteen and one of the boys at boarding school rips off his band and calls him a freak.It happens when Tony is seventeen and walking out on Ty for the last time and Ty screams after him that no one else could ever want him, that there’s something wrong with him (Rhodey sits with him in their room after that and tucks Tony’s head under his chin and tells him fiercely that there is absolutely nothing wrong with him but the damage has already been done).It happens when Tony is twenty-one and his parents are being laid in their graves and Obie suggests to him that the company would be more stable if Tony settled down with a wife and had the two kids and house with a picket fence. His eyes briefly glance down at Tony’s soulmark but he doesn’t suggest t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Canon Compliant through Winter Soldier
Angst
Misunderstandings
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
eventually
Past Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Friends to Lovers
Pining
Explicit Sexual Content
Kidnapping
Comic Book Science
Canon-Typical Violence
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

