Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Howard finally brought Steve and Bucky to his home to introduce them to his wife and child after 6 months of living in the future, both of them were dying to meet 'Anthony' Howard's child, and wasn't that a surprise, that Howard talked about every chance he gets. They've seen pictures of the 17 year old and immediately knew they had to make him theirs.
Howard first introduced them to Maria who looked more out of it than anything, high out of her senses she just nodded at them before going her own merry way. That's when Anthony came downstairs, he looked even better than the pictures they've seen with those kissable full lips made to suck cock and that ass which was so round and plush that Steve was basically salivating at that point one glance at Bucky told hin he wasn't doing much better.
Anthony 'call me Tony' Stark was an absolute whirlwind, talking a mile a minute and telling them all about how he's heard stories about them from 'Aunt Peggy' when the only thing Steve could think of was how Tony would look under him, spread out and fucked out. Their pretty little thing to play with as they wish.
Howard interuppted Tony's monologue and fondly told him to go and show both of them around.That's exactly where his life fell apart.

"So Tony" Bucky began talking over the teenager who was excited to meet his childhood heroes "You're in MIT right?"
"Yeah, I'll be graduating next month and then I'll be free to do as I please" Tony smiled.
"And what it is that you wanna do?" Steve questioned in a sultry voice.
Tony stilled and looked at them weirdly as he answered, "You know us teenagers, party, date, take over a multi billion company" he said trying for a joke.
Steve and Bucky chuckled a bit as they engaged him in a conversation and before he knew it he was spilling his guts about how many people he has slept with and how many people he has dated. He had no idea how the topic changed so fast and he didn't notice the wild glint in the super soldiers' eyes. Steve and Bucky got to know with their clever interrogation skills about how Tony's experience with males was almost nothing except one handjob while drunk. They had a plan in action already and they couldn't wait till it was successful.

 
 
Over the course of next month the super soldiers duo spent all their free time when they weren't on a mission for SHIELD at the mansion with Tony. Flirting with him, touching him and holding themselves back from taking him right there in front of his father.Tony in turn had permament red cheeks around them and they wanted to know how far did the red go. A perfect opportunity presented itself a few days after Tony's graduation when they found Howard worried and drinking alone in his office.
"Howard are you okay, you seem tensed?" Steve asked. 
"Uh yeah its just Tony" he replied with a sigh
"What about Tony?" Bucky asked already on alert.
"He's moving out now that he has graduated but I don't think he'll be safe on his own, you know with being thr heir of Stark Industries but he isn't letting me hire him a bodyguard saying he doesn't need a babysitter." Howard seemed dejected but according to the glint in Steve's eyes Bucky already knew what he was thinking.
"We could move in with him" Bucky said pointing to himself and Steve.
Howard looked up, eyes suddenly hopeful "You would? Wow thank you so much I can't possibly ask you to do this."
After assuring Howard that they were more than happy to take care of Tony they began to make arrangements as they could see their goal nearer and nearer.

A week in, Steve was getting desperate to get his hands on the genius while he pranced around in his booty shorts and too tight t-shirt. He was used to a constant hard on now and all his fantasies now consisted of Tony and how he'd wreck him both mentally and physically. The only hurdle in their plan wad Howard, if something went wrong Tony would run to Howard and everything will be busted. That hurdle took care of itself when Howard, Maria and Jarvis got into a car accident killing them all. Tony was inconsolable for weeks drinking and partying away. Steve and Bucky figured this was the perfect time for the next part.
One such night, when Tony had come in drunk ad delirious out of his mind he looked as if he could pass out at any second. Their minds working in perfect coordination, they brought Tony to the washroom adjusting him to sit in the bathtub as they got everything ready. 
Tony was mumbling equations in his drunk state, he did not seem to notice what was going around him. Steve took off all Tony's clothes getting harder as more skin came on display as Bucky set out to shave all his body hair except his face. Tony was still delirious, while Bucky and Steve got him ready for them with the precision of well trained soldiers. After assuring that he was hairless as they wanted, they dressed their little sex doll up in the sexiest lingerie they had bought before they moved in. 
Tony looked sexier 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson
Brock Rumlow/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Everyone

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dark
Dark Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Dark Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
this is dark okay
dont read if anything triggers you
Emotional Manipulation
Feminization
Verbal Humiliation
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Slut Shaming
Dirty Talk
Mind Manipulation
Mind Break
Objectification
Cock Warming
Fucking Machines
Gangbang
Face-Fucking
tony/everyone in the last chapter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson
Brock Rumlow/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Everyone

