Chapter 1: ABO Alpha/Alpha
    




Chapter Text
Everyone had thought Steve was an Omega. Even though he was a fighty little bastard, he was small and delicate, slender, almost feminine like most male Omegas, though at least half of that was due to illness and malnutrition.Bucky had thought the same for additional reasons.Steve loved his cock.From pretty much the day Bucky presented as an Alpha, Steve had been all over him, initially just curious – “just curious” – wanting to see Bucky’s knot, watch it expand, touch it, squeeze it. Things escalated pretty quickly from there, from touching to licking to riding, and Bucky never thought Steve would be anything other than an Omega, given how well and how often Steve took his dick and how much he loved it. It got to the point where if Steve wasn’t on his knees waiting when Bucky got home from work, he knew something was wrong.It happened on December 8, 1941, scant hours after word finally reached them about the attack on Pearl Harbor. Bucky came home from work at the docks in silence, and he wasn’t surprised when Steve wasn’t waiting for him. Punk was probably off trying to enlist again, even though they both knew the army wasn’t gonna take him-The (admittedly weak) scent of another Alpha in rut teased his nose, made him growl automatically, even though the scent itself was almost pleasant.He got a reply – from his and Steve’s bedroom.Bucky nearly slammed through the door, lip curled up in a snarl – but the only person in the room was Steve. Steve, who was lying on their bed, naked and sweating. Steve, who smelled like a rutting Alpha, long-fingered hand fisting his knot. “Buck,” he half-growled, half-whined.“Jesus, Steve,” Bucky gasped, taking a step back, “I thought- after so long-”“M’too,” the other Alpha managed, “Buck – please, Buck – need –““We can’t, Steve,” Bucky stepped back again but was unable to look away when Steve lifted a leg to expose his hole, loose and slick with Vaseline from where he’d been fingering himself. “Two Alphas goin’ together – it’s wrong!”“Please, Buck! Need it – need you! Want you in me-“Bucky never could resist when Steve begged so sweetly, so fervently. He groaned aloud and started stripping off his clothes. “Shit, Steve. On your stomach.”Steve managed to flail his way onto his belly without taking his hand off his cock. Bucky found the Vaseline and checked to make sure Steve was loose enough to take him before sinking his cock into Steve’s hole just like he had a hundred times before. Steve even felt the same inside, hot and tight, clenching around him like he never wanted him to leave.“Fuck,” Bucky growled. He curled an arm under one of Steve’s and grabbed the opposite shoulder, braced himself on the bed and thrust hard. Steve moaned like he was dying, arching his back and spreading his legs and presenting like the Omega they thought he was. Bucky couldn’t resist, continuing to thrust and grunting with every drive, Steve writhing under him.If it weren’t for the (still almost pleasant) scent of another Alpha in his nose, it could have been any of the other hundred times they'd fucked, Steve squirming on his dick like he was dying for it and Bucky giving it to him like it was his reason for existing. It didn’t take long for Bucky’s knot to start inflating, making every thrust more difficult as they prepared to tie, Steve’s whines going high and desperate.Steve came with a gasp, walls clamping down around Bucky the way they always did, making the other Alpha growl, rutting even harder into Steve. His knot swelled, locking them together right before he nearly flooded the smaller Alpha with his seed.“Fuck,” Bucky said again, and managed to get them rolled onto their backs and propped up against the headboard to wait out the tie.They didn’t talk about it. They just carried on as if nothing had changed, since as far as anyone else knew, nothing had. Since they still fucked every night, Steve still smelled more like Bucky than himself, his own Alpha scent faint and easily smothered. His knot didn’t even inflate three-quarters of the time, which made it easy to pretend.And then the war came home to them as a draft notice and didn’t let them go for seventy years.“Yes, Nat, I know my rut is coming up, and no, I don’t need a partner.”Bucky perked up when he heard Steve enter the apartment. A quick, quiet sniff determined that the other super soldier was alone, so he had to be on the phone. That same sniff confirmed Natasha’s suspicions; Steve was pumping out pre-rut pheromones like it was going out of style. Yet instead of making him feel aggressive and territorial, he felt… aroused. Steve had only had the one rut that he could remember, and the rest of the time that he could have they’d all been on shitty-tasting suppressants in the ass-end of Europe.Still, Steve’s tone made it sound like this was an old argument.“I’m sure Sharon’s nice, but number 1: she’s Peggy’s niece. No. Just… no. Absolutely not. Number 2: I've got bigger things on m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
unrepentant smut
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Alpha
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Voyeurism
Masturbation
Comeplay
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Anal Sex
Knotting
Exhibitionism
Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Riding
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Some Plot
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Organized Crime
Alternate Universe - Mob
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Oral Knotting
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
No Plot/Plotless
Spanking
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Multiple Orgasms
Modern Steve Rogers
Mutual Masturbation
Circle Jerk
Top Steve Rogers
Time Travel
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Selfcest
Mentions of Big Dick Bucky Barnes
Cockslut Steve Rogers
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers

