Chapter 1: Vending machines and gauntlets
    




Chapter Text
"Hello?" Tony's weary voice called out on the phone. "Mr Stark! I,uh, know that you didn't want to be disturbed and you said not to call you unless there was an emergency because you were on a mission with the Avengers, which is like so cool, and you're probably really busy-" "Stop talking. Is it an emergency? Because if it's not, we are having a lovely talk about what classes as an emergency when I get back. Capisce, kid?" "Yes, Mr Stark!" the boy said quickly. "So, what happened that was so important that you had to call me?" "Oh I, uh, I don't think it's really a big deal after all," he answered softly. Tony sighed. He hadn't meant to scare the kid, it was obviously a big deal if Peter had called him when he knew that he was coming back from a mission. "No, something obviously happened for you to call me, so tell me before I get FRIDAY to." "No, no, no! Don't make FRIDAY snitch. I'll tell you!" he quickly replied. "I, um, might have maybegottenmyhandstuckinthevendingmachine?" Tony blinked then slowly looked at the phone where Peter's contact photo was smiling back at him. "I'm sorry, you did what now?" Taking a deep breath he slowly repeated, "I might have maybe gotten my hand stuck in the vending machine?" He then took another breath before launching into an apology and explanation, "But I swear Mr. Stark, it wouldn't have gotten stuck normally, but I accidentally took one of your gauntlets and it's stuck to my hand and now it's stuck inside the vending machine and I can't get it off! And I'm really sorry, I didn't know what was happening until it was too late!" Tony couldn't help it, he burst out laughing at the teen's current predicament. He was laughing so hard that tears were forming in his eyes and he was clutching his stomach in a desperate attempt to stop laughing. By now the rest of the Avengers were staring at the man, bewildered. Who had made him laugh this hard? And what had happened? They all looked at each other and at Tony with varying levels of confusion. Rhodey was the only one who wasn't looking around confused, but instead smiling at his phone while he recorded the whole interaction. When Tony had finally finished laughing, he wheezed out an answer about sitting tight because he was only 10 minutes away. He ended the call and leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes, still smiling. "So, who were you calling, Stark?" Natasha asked Tony with an amused smile. Tony's head snapped up and twisted around to look at her before replying, "None of your business, Romanoff." "Alright, geez no need to tear my head off." she said, placing her hands up, placatingly. The rest of the ride home was sat in questioning silence at the billionaire, who was smiling at his phone. When they reached their destination, Tony was the first one to leave, springing up with more energy than what one should have after a mission. Steve attempted to question Tony before he left and have him stay for the post-mission debrief, but before Steve could get a word in edgewise, Rhodey sent Tony off with a hug and a mutter about 'stupid teenagers'. Tony replied, "Better than we were," before taking off towards Stark Towers.  Thirty minutes later, Peter finally got his arm unstuck after Tony came and freed him. The whole process somehow managed to use butter, some soda, and a piece of cardboard to get his arm out. As soon as the gauntlet came off his arm, Tony suddenly had an armful of the teenager, who was spewing an endless stream of thank you's and apologies. Tony would be lying if he said that he didn't wrap his arms around him and smile into his hair, whispering, "I'll always take care of you, kid."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Fluff
5+1 Things
Father-Son Relationship
Humor
Friendship
Platonic Cuddling
Sleepwalking
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Cries
Peter Parker Cries
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Lives
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Out of Character
i wrote this when i was like 12 okay dont kill me for how odd they act

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

