Chapter 1





Chapter Text
First there was nothing but darkness and warmth. As Peter rose through it he gradually became aware of a steady beeping noise. It was pretty annoying, actually, and Peter tried to shift away from it. In doing so, he realized that his limbs felt heavy and sluggish. A thin blanket was pulled up to his chest, but his arms were out in the air. Someone was holding his hand.
Peter managed to flop his head toward whoever was at his bedside, but his eyes remained stubbornly shut for several more minutes before he was able to pull them open. If he’d been aware enough to guess, he would have assumed that the mystery person was Aunt May, so Peter was vaguely surprised to find someone else there instead. His vision was a little fuzzy, but the man appeared to be dozing while sitting up. Peter knew him somehow. His brain was just having a bit of trouble telling him exactly where he knew him from at the moment. 
“‘Ncle… no… Miss’r… Miss’r,” Peter mumbled, trying to pull him closer to get a better look. All he managed was a weak squeeze.
The man’s head jerked up and intelligent brown eyes met his own. Coffee was brown, too, but Peter didn’t like that. Chocolate pudding was brown, maybe that was-- “Hey, kid,” the man said, interrupting Peter’s hazy thoughts. “That was quite a hit you took back there. How’re you feeling?”
Peter hummed and blinked as the words slowly filtered through his brain. “Think m’brain’s floatin’ away. Feels kin’a weird.” His tongue felt too big too, and his lips were clumsy. “Ha. Weeeeiiiirrrrrrrd,” he said to himself again, liking the feel of the word in his mouth. What other sounds would be fun to say? Peter leaned back and mouthed a few different words, trying to think of a good one. May? No… Juuuune. That was good. Mooouuuse was fun as well… A snort of laughter from the man made Peter jerk his head back around in the middle of contemplating purple. He’d forgotten someone was sitting there.
“Stark!” he suddenly remembered, feeling proud of himself. “You’re Miss’r Star’! What’re you doin’ here?” 
“That’s me. I’m just making sure you’re alright, Peter,” said Mr. Stark with a smile. “They’ve got you on the nice Captain America drugs and everything.”
Peter thought about that for a while. Hadn’t that guy been on the TV at school?  “Miss’r Cap’n Rogemerica didn’t do any drugs,” he said. “Says’re bad f’r us on TV.”
“Did he now?” asked Mr. Stark. “Guess I must be mistaken then.”
Peter tried to nod, but his chin made it all the way down to his chest and just stayed there. His eyes remained half open, but Peter drifted for what felt like quite a long time as the world went out of focus around him. He thought he might have heard some voices, or a few people going in and out of the room, but the pressure holding his hand never let up and something told him he was safe here. He closed his eyes.
“You with me Pete?” asked a voice. There was a light squeeze on his hand. 
“Yeah, ‘m righ’ here,” said Peter, blinking hazily before contentedly closing his eyes again. “You lose me or somethin’? Miss’r Star’ll find me, don’ worry.”
“Mr. Stark will?” said the voice. 
“He’s m’favorite supe’hero,” Peter grinned. “Saved me fr’m a ferry ‘n a robo’, ‘n he’s just the… the goodest dad-guy pers’n, y’know?”
“Dad-guy peron?”
“Mm hmm,” Peter agreed. “Wish ‘e was mine but ’m jus’ some kid fr’m th’ street, so…”
“You wish he was your… your dad?” the voice was quieter now, and shaking just a little. Peter hummed in agreement. He wondered whether the voice was shaking from cold, and tried to lift his hand to check. Instead, another hand softly took his own and held it next to the other. The hands were very gentle. Peter wondered if he was fragile, or if they were.
“So what? You don’t think he’d want you?” The voice sounded a little upset, Peter noticed distantly.
“S’rry I know ‘s weird,” he said. “Like t’pretend though, so please don’ tell’m. It’d be m’barrassing an’ he’d run ‘way cause he hates ‘motions ‘n stuff.”
“I think you should talk to him about it,” the voice said. “He’d probably like to hear it.”
Peter wrinkled his nose. “Nah, I love’m. Don’ wan’ ‘im t’run ‘way fr’m me.”
Someone’s breath hitched. There was a long silence, and then one of the hands let go of his and tentatively ran through Peter’s hair. Peter leaned into it as much as he could and successfully lifted his own hand in order to catch it and hold it there. He smiled when he found an arm attached to the hand in his hair and proceeded to nuzzle his face into it happily. It smelled like fancy cologne and grease.
“You smell good, like Miss’r Dad,” he mumbled against an elbow. There was another long pause.
“That could be because I am him,” the voice said.
Peter dragged his eyes open as wide as he could. The arm he was clutching was covered in a faded sleeve with a grease stain or two, like something Mr. Stark would wear in the workshop. As Peter’s eyes travelled up, he caught sight of the glowing blue light that came from Mr. Stark’s chest, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team (kinda)

freeform: 
Painkillers
Sleepy Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson
Peter calls Tony Dad
Peter & Tony Big Bang
Hurt Peter Parker
Fluff
all fluff no plot
Tony Stark Has A Heart
this is very soft
Self-Indulgent
The Author Regrets Nothing
Sleepy Cuddles
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Intern Peter Parker
Civil War Team Iron Man
No Bashing
Sleepy Tony Stark
Beware
there is more fluff coming
Father-Son Relationship
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
we stan aunt may
Parent Tony Stark
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
GUYS THERE'S A TAG FOR THAT NOW

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team (kinda)

