Chapter 1: Bucky/the Wolf
    




Chapter Text

Bucky (though can he really call himself that when he can’t remember the name half the time?) knows that he forgot something very important.


Not just his past, not who he used to be, but something about who he is now, and that only makes it more concerning.


He knows something is wrong.


It’s hard not to notice, when everything 

smells 

of something and not in the entirely normal way. Bucky may not remember much, but he knows that he should not be able to smell what the guy walking by ate for dinner or what the girl waiting for a bus is feeling, just based off of her scent. This is not hor normal humans work, and he doubts its the serum.


Well, he has no real way of knowing that, but Rogers (yet another subject to avoid) hasn’t shown any signs of having that particular ability and he knows that his serum isn’t that different. He’s seen the formula, he knows that it doesn’t really affect smell all that much.


Another sign that something is wrong, is that pull he starts to feel at some point. It hasn’t been even a month since his escape from HYDRA and he’s already feeling restless and hot and bad like something is trying to claw its way out of him. Considering his trigger words, it’s not a good sign.


Bucky just can’t match his reactions to anything - the weather is roughly the same, Rogers is still none the wiser about his location, the HYDRA has lost him way before he came to New York and he’s as safe as he can get, which doesn’t say much. It still doesn't explain why he’s feeling so terrible.


He’s jumpy and constantly looking over his shoulder, which is stupid because Bucky’s a trained professional and he doesn’t need to look over his shoulder to notice danger. He’s not safe, he’s never safe really, but there’s no one stalking him at the moment, yet he’s tense and on edge the whole time.


Eating is another thing - he’s always needed a lot of food, but since a few days ago, it’s gotten worse. He’s hungry and hot and sweaty, but he can’t take off his hoodie or glove, because a metal arm is a pretty big giveaway and everything smells wrong.


Something in Bucky’s brain is trying to get to the front, let him remember that crucial part of him that he’s so clearly missing, but his jumbled emotions are only making it worse. Bucky just knows everything is about to go down, in one way or another, but he just doesn’t know what to expect.


And from experience, if he doesn’t know what to expect, it’s usually pain he gets. And he has had enough pain to last a lifetime.


He still can’t explain why he’s feeling so drawn to the Central Park one day, once the sun is starting to set and people start to thin out. It’s dense enough for him to get lost in, and it settles something deep inside of him, something primal, that needs the covers of the trees to take that edge off.


It doesn’t work.


He’s still on edge, still tense and ready for an attack that probably won’t come and he’s getting so hot that he finally takes off the jacket and the hoodie, leaving him in a shirt only. The cool air feels good on his skin, but it’s 

not enough. 

Bucky almost growls, before stopping himself. Something wrong is going on.


Then the moon starts to rise and his blood starts boiling.


Bucky’s eyes go wide and he only gets a flash of recognition, before something else takes over his mind. It’s not Winter Soldier, because no matter what others may think, it’s not a different personality. What happens once the moon starts to rise is much simpler. Something...warm and familiar takes over, with an edge sharper than his blade, that animalistic instinct that Bucky never knew he had. 


It gets more overwhelming the higher the moon is and soon, Bucky just slides to his knees and gasps for air, as everything else fades away. All that’s left is the fire in his veins and the growl that’s crawling up his chest.


He remembers glancing at his hands, the fingers turning into claws, and then everything goes black.


It’s not Bucky who raises again.


It’s the Wolf, simple as that. Human intelligence and sentience wrapped up in over 200 pounds of a giant black predator. There’s no Bucky left, no memories, no nothing, just the awareness that he’s not safe, that he’s being hunted and he’s in an unknown environment.


The Wolf gets his bearing and starts investigating.


He’s in some sort of a forest, only not really because everything smells like humans and gasoline and technology, and it’s not how forests smell. That means he must be somewhere with humans, in a patch of trees. He doesn’t remember much, but that’s not unusual, so he proceeds like normal.


There’s no collar on his throat, no threat of electricity or punishment and he shakes himself off, delighted by this new freedom. He’s missed being free.


The Wolf may not know where he is, but he knows where he 

isn’t 

and that’s enough for now. He’s also hungry, so he looks around and starts to hunt. It’s a joy to hunt something else th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Werewolves
Werewolf Bucky Barnes
Getting to Know Each Other
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Full Shift Werewolves
Cuddling & Snuggling
Fluff
Angst
Humor
Magic
Magical Tattoos
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Masturbation
First Kiss
First Time
Anal Sex
Making Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

