Chapter 1





Chapter Text

So yes, in this story, Harry will be very dark, some might say evil depending on how you consider it, due to the nature of what he is. Therefore, I'm warning you right now, and this is your only warning, if you have delicate sensibilities, I would suggest that you leave this story right now, and don't turn back. If you don't like it, go write your own story.

This crossover will be mostly Harry Potter/Marvel, although there will be six DC girls included. And if you can't guess at least two of them, then you've never read one of my stories. 
Lily Evans-Potter sat in her study, pouring over numerous books, reading by candlelight. The last couple of days turned her life upside down and not in the best way. She really wished she did not have to do what she was about to do and more importantly, she was not that desperate.With the war that they were in, Lily appreciated how lucky that she was to even reach her twentieth birthday, but that was beside the point. The think that spooked her was that Prophecy that Dumbledore told them about, the reason why they were about to go into hiding.Three times she and James ran into Voldemort, three times they managed to escape with their lives. Lily was happy to say that she took a handful of his followers down on the way out, morally wounding them. At least she hoped so, because she did not want to stick around long enough to do a headcount of any sort.Dumbledore would preach about redemption, about forgiveness, while anyone with any amount of sense would roll their eyes and remember that they were in a war against people that would murder them or worse, if given half of the chance.Lily wasn't doing what she was about to do for herself, if she had to, she would not even consider something like that. The fact that her son was one of two probable candidates for this prophecy, caused her to look into questionable forms of magic to protect his interests.The redhead frowned, she hated this entire mess, but what choice did she really have? Do or die, that was the question, wasn't it? The redhead skimmed her finger over the edge of the book and a small sigh escaped her lips.'Wish there was another way, but there really isn't?Three times, which was the first parameter to the Prophecy, born as the seventh month dies, that was another one. Of course, it was vague as to which Dark Lord, as there had been several over the centuries and several yet to come in the future.Dumbledore believed it, her husband believed it, and most importantly, Lily was certain that Voldemort would believe it.She resumed her studying with a razor sharp focus, these books had been inherited by Sirius upon the death of his Uncle. One of the white sheep of the Black Family, Lily recalled how he had been blasted off of the family tree for daring to take Sirius's side amongst that entire debate.The Marauders were currently out for one last night together, and tomorrow, Dumbledore would put the Potters under the Fidelius Charm.Godric's Hallow was a nice place, but it would be a shame that they would be hidden from view. The green eyed witch scratched some notes down.'No, that won't really work, not potent enough,' Lily thought, sketching down even more notes.Her son slept peacefully in the next room. Lily would like to say that he was blissfully unaware of what was happening but she really knew better. Harry was a bit too smart for his age and would be a great prodigy someday if given the proper tools.Then again, perhaps Lily was a slight bit biased, but she liked to expect better than his best from her son.James would not approve of this, what she was doing. She was tampering with what was classified dark magic. By the Ministry's standards at least, but Lily was not going to wrap her head about how limited their thinking was.Whether magic that she used to protect a loved one was dark, that could be debated. Lily thought not, others would disagree.The latest Daily Prophet said that his attacks indicated. The Minister claimed that they had everything under control. Never mind that his predecessor was fond dismembered in Knockturn Alley nearly six weeks ago. Lily thought that if this was their definition of control, she would hate to think what their definition of out of control was.The head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement Millicent Bagnold was fingered for the next Minister when this one died. She did seem to be fairly honest but a bit in over her head dealing with the sharks in the Ministry from what Lily found out.Then again, she didn't want to think about Ministry politics, not when she had complex magical rituals to try and find. She was beginning to think that this book was a…..she thought that she just hit the jackpot.Blowing the dust off of the pages of the book, Lily saw something extremely interesting. It was a ritual alright but there were….consequences to transforming her son into something like this.Consequences that she was certain that certain people would not a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Multi

freeform: 
Harems
Slaves
Demons

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Multi

