Work Text:
Harley had meant to intimidate Tony’s intern -that’s the only reason he wore his nice jeans with the stupid maroon shirt that brought out his eyes. He even gelled his hair, for fucksake. Except, the moment he actually saw Peter Parker, baby blue sweater layered over a button up, jeans ripped where the extra fabric dragged as he walked, he threw that plan out the window. He looked so excited too, face flush as he reached out to shake a dazed Harley’s hand when Tony introduced them. His fingers were so soft despite what Harley was told he worked with. “Harls.” A piece of wadded up paper hit his head, no doubt thrown by Tony. “You gonna join us or what?” Harley blinked, having spaced out at the spot he was sure Peter was still standing moments ago only to see him moved, a good distance away with Tony. 
 Great, this was going to be great. 
 Peter wasn’t just cute. He was smart, witty, sarcastic when he wanted, and Harley would love to have an actual, intelligent conversation with him, if he could stop daydreaming about making the younger boy cry, about how Peter would sound under him, begging for more, for Harley to fuck him harder, faster,  shit.  Thank God, Tony hasn’t figured him out yet, despite the constant cracking in his voice and the spacing out. Somehow Peter and him start hanging out, and not too long after, making out and that leads to where they are now. Aunt May was working the late shift, Peter only half-heartedly mentioned they could have the apartment to themselves, but Harley could recognise the trouble in those doe eyes. Peter was so easy for it, the forgotten movie playing on his laptop beside them as Harley coaxed him down against the bed, kisses rough against Peter’s jaw. Peter whined underneath him when he spent too long making his way down, but Harley just shushed him by starting back up at the top, meeting his lips again as his fingers pulled at the waist of Peter’s pants. It didn’t take too much longer to get Peter fully undressed. Harley couldn’t help, but to admire the view, licking his way down Peter’s abs, humming as Peter trembled when he pressed the first kiss against a strong thigh. “Harley..” And, yeah, wow, if Harley wasn’t hard before, Peter whining his name like that surely did it. “Lemme take care of you, baby.” Harley promised, looking back up at Peter as he sucked another mark into the inside of the brunette’s thigh. Harley finally took Peter’s length into his mouth, mainly because the other was starting to curse at him, managing to slip Peter’s legs over his shoulders in the process, hands propping Peter’s thighs up for better access. Peter tried to close them immediately, the wet heat of Harley’s mouth new and overwhelming, but gods what Harley would do to have his head crushed by those thighs everyday. Peter tugged sharply at his curls when he licked his way down, tracing his tongue around Peter’s balls before giving the other the same treatment. He didn’t stop until his tongue was finding its way down to Peter’s hole making the other jump before moaning in surprise. “Oh,  oh , wow, yes, Harls, please.” Harley repressed a smirk as he followed orders, making Peter cry again as he traced the rim before licking a stripe back up to the head of Peter’s cock and pulling back. “You got lube, baby?” Harley asked, tossing Peter a soft smile, one hand letting Peter’s leg rest against his shoulder so he could trace the top of the younger's thigh. Peter’s stomach fluttered as he nodded. Harley was happy to appreciate the view of Peter straining back, stomach taut as he reached for his nightstand. He handed it off with gusto, face pink as Harley smiled coyly at the the half empty bottle. It doesn’t take much after that. Harley pressing kisses into Peter’s thighs as he opened him up, sucking on the tip of the brunette’s cock while Peter whined and panted from the intrusion. When he finally pushes into Peter, the other’s legs clutching his hips, head tipped back into the pillow, Harley thinks he sees god. The fucking sounds Pete makes as he gets fucked has Harley ready burst in the first minute. Gritting his teeth because  fuck does Peter feel good , he gets a better grip on plush hips and changes the angle of his thrusts until Pete is basically singing for him. “That feel good, baby? Hm?” Harley asks, voice rough against Peter’s throat. Peter answers in the way his nails tighten against his hold on Harley, and fuck does Harley hope those marks last. Peter is beautiful like this, face flush, hair a halo around him as his voice gets higher and needier the closer he gets to his orgasm. It only take a few twists of Harley’s hand over his cock to get him there, face screwed up, whining so pretty as he cums, his hips bucking to meet Harley’s thrusts. That has Harley coming to, pressing as deep as he can as he falls apart, whispering the dirtiest shit into the shell of Peter’s ear, Peter's cock twitching by the end of it. Harley is delighted to find that Peter Parker is most defin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
First Meetings
Getting Together
Secret Relationship
Harley wants to make that pretty boy cry
in a good way
First Time
Peter is needy
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Teasing
Pet Names
Caught
Caught in the Act
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Praise Kink
Very slight feminization
Harley calls Pete princess a lot
Tony Stark loves his kids
but for the love of god
learn to lock doors

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

