Chapter 1: Parker Luck
    




Chapter Text
“Just push Pepper, you're almost there!”“I am pushing, and if you don't shut up Tony, so help me god I will punch you in the face!”That day, Peter James Stark was born to Tony Stark and Pepper Potts on August 10th, 2001. It was the best day of Tony's life. He had his son and his wife, and nothing could ever ruin that happiness. Nothing could ever take away from that moment of joy. For a whole year, Pepper and Tony were the medias favorite young couple to watch, with Peter Stark having everyone in the world watch him grow up. That was until Tony was taken in 2002 by terrorists, and Peter Stark was lost forever on the very same night, stolen from his crib while Pepper slept, not knowing that her whole life would change in just one day.-------------------------------
13 Years Later...
-------------------------------“Hey May, I need to go buy some more pencils from the convenience store, be right back!"“Peter, how is it that you broke so many pencils just this year?” Asked Aunt May.“I don't know May, maybe puberty is just hitting me late?” Said Peter, wincing at how he was lying to May, but he didn't have much of a choice.“Very funny, I larb you!”“I larb you too,” Said Peter.How was Peter supposed to explain that he broke the pencils because he was bitten by a radioactive spider that gave him superpowers that he still can't always control? How would he ever tell her that for the past year, he has been maskerading as a vigilant in Queens, putting his life at risk everyday? If May ever found out, Peter would be a dead man.Peter walked a block to the nearest convenience store and walked up and down the isles until he found the pencils. He had just bent down to grab some, when suddenly he heard a a commotion coming from the front of the store.“Put your hands up lady, or so help me I will shoot you!” screamed a man who had just entered the store with a gun at the cashier. She was the only person besides Peter that was there, and her face held an expression of pure terror.“Please, I don't want any trouble! I-I can give you money, just please don't shoot!” Begged the cashier. Peter stayed crouched down and decided that while he may not be Spider-man right now, he still had to save her. He slowly crept up on the man, whose back was turned to him and who was still screaming at the poor woman. Peter slowly stood up and looked at the ashier while putting a finger to his mouth to tell her to not say anything. He walked behind the guy before tapping him on the shoulder casually.“Hey man, I love your gun, very manly, but don't you think that this is going a little to far? You can always get money another, more peaceful way,” Peter exclaimed with a smile on his face. The gunman looked at him in shock, before quickly recovering and pointing the gun at Peter, finally taking his attention from the woman to Peter's relief. The man tightened his finger on the trigger and tried to shoot, but Peter was faster and quickly grabbed his arm, using his super strength to bend it back and pin the man down. Peter grabbed the gun from him and looked at it with disdain.“God I hate guns,” Peter murmured, before looking at the woman and asking if she was ok.“Y-yes, I-I'm fine, thank you so much!” Exclaimed the woman, who now had tears running down her face.“Of course, I'm just glad I didn't-” Just then sirens blared and police stormed the store. They took one look at Peter with the gun and tackled him, pinning him to the ground in handcuffs.“W-wait officer, you have the wrong man, the guy who was trying to rob the place is right-” but When Peter looked over to where he had left the man, he was gone, most likely sneaking out during the commotion. Damn Parker luck.Peter was roughly taken into the police car and driven to the precinct, despite the cashier insisting it wasn't him. Any pleas were ignored as Peter was told to remain silent during the ride. When he arrived at the precinct, the officers took his thumb prints before locking him in an interrogation room and handcuffing him to the table.'God, Aunt May is gonna kill me,’ was Peter's last thought before he was left utterly alone.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Kidnapping
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
no beta we die like men
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

