Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It had been 29 days since Peter Parker had died. But for the rest of the world it had been 29 days and 5 years. It had also been 29 days since Peter Parker had come back to life. But it had been 29 days since Tony Stark had died. Numbers had always been comforting to Peter in a way. Numbers, sequences, series, formulas. They all provided him comfort, helped him stay grounded even if the world was out of control. Sometimes, when his senses got the better of him and things got a little too much he’d run through the sequence of pie or rattle off all the square numbers as high as he could go. But as each day passed Peter started to hate the counting. Each day put him one day further away from the last time he had seen Tony Stark. Peter swung his legs off his twin bed and let his toes brush the ground. His shoulders were slack, and he kept his eyes trained on the floor, looking at the grooves in the wooden floorboards. Almost 1 month. It was the 1-month anniversary at the end of the week. How had the day come around so quickly? "Peter?" Aunt May called from somewhere outside his door. "You gotta get up kiddo." "Yeah, I'm up." Peter called back eventually, rubbing a hand over his face and blinking his eyes sleepily. It was 8am. He'd need to hurry up if he wanted to get to school on time. Peter struggled into some jeans from the day before and pulled on a sweater. He grabbed his watch from where he had taken it off the night before and paused. It was next to the framed photo he had of him and Mr. Stark – proof, Tony had told him, for if he ever needed to prove that he did in fact have the internship. It just wasn’t what everyone thought it was, at least not completely. Tony had made them take a photo to make it all official. The actual document that was signed by Mr Stark was now somewhere hidden in his wardrobe. Peter had turned the frame flat down on its face a few weeks ago. It was too difficult to look at Tony’s face every day. Everything that reminded him of Mr Stark had been removed from his room and Peter was grateful that May either hadn't noticed or had chosen not to say anything about the stack of articles and flyers of Iron Man that had ended up in the trash. Even the ones Peter himself had been in as Spider-Man had gone in the bin. Peter sighed and turned away from his desk as he finished fastening his watch to his wrist. He stopped by the wardrobe mirror to comb his hair through once and grab his backpack from his desk before heading out into the kitchen. "Toast?" May asked when she heard him coming into the kitchen. "Yes please," Peter said setting his backpack at the foot of the bench and running to the bathroom. "I told Pepper that you're going to go to the official vigil on Friday night." May said once Peter returned and she set the plate of toast in front of him. "Ok." Peter said around his food and nodding. "Peter…" May said from where she was standing on the other side of the kitchen, her back to him. "I've been thinking-" "Sorry May, I gotta head off I'm gonna be late!" Peter said, his mouth full of half chewed up toast. He grabbed his bag, kicked his shoes on and was out the door before May could say another word. "Love you!" He called out as he brought the door closed behind him. Peter knew what May wanted to talk about. He'd been avoiding the conversation for weeks. May thought he wasn't processing his grief properly. She thought he needed to start seeing someone. Not that Peter didn't want to. He just didn't think he needed to. Peter was thinking about all of this as he dashed down the stairs and wasn't concentrating when his foot flew out from underneath him. Without skipping a beat, he flipped and landed on the balustrade of the stairwell scaring the crap out of one of the other tenants who was hurrying up the stairs. "Morning." Peter said smiling sheepishly at the older lady as he got off the stair railing and she hurried past him, sticking as close to the wall as she could. Just another dayPeter thought to himself as he took the stairs two at a time until he reached the exit of the stairwell and stepped out into the harsh light of the morning.    "So, do you think they'll finally get around to releasing the final Star Wars film now that J.J Abrams is alive again?" Ned asked from the desk to the right of Peter as they waited for Mr Harrington and the remainder of the students to file into the classroom. "I guess so?" Peter said shrugging. "I still haven't had the chance to catch up on everything that happened in the last five years." "Tell me about it." Ned said shaking his head. "Did you know they had to stop all these film franchises and tv shows because half the cast and crew were gone but somehow, they ended up bringing back the office because they were one of the only casts who hadn't been effected by the Snap?" Peter shook his head in slight disbelief, "I… did not know that." "Yeah crazy." Ned said shaking his head in amusement. "Well if it does get rele
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
field trip to stark industries
Peter Parker field trip
wow what an original trope right??
this is gonna have angst
why are all my fics sad?
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker finding himself again
Peter Parker is hurting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

