Chapter 1: Walk on the Wild Side
    




Chapter Text
"So, what do you think about guy-guy scenes?"
Steve Rogers never thought he had something to prove.
To be honest, he should have realised he did. He's pretty textbook. Growing up a weedy, chronically-ill kid in a poor neighbourhood, he'd got into fights no matter how big the other kid was, just to prove he could. If there was a bigger kid on the playground, you could guarantee little Steve Rogers had punched or been punched by him at least once that semester. It wasn't until his mother ran out of insurance completely and signed her son up for a medical trial in a last-ditch effort to help him that the fights stopped. Kind of difficult to fight when he'd been hauled off the playground and into a lab.
After two years of experimental HGH injections, steroid treatments, and a diet his mother couldn't have afforded on her own, he'd emerged almost unrecognisable from the skeletal teenager he'd gone into the trial as. Steve Rogers ended up a man over six feet tall, with shoulders that went on for days and way more muscles than he knew what to do with. He'd never thought he had something to prove, not until he had the ability to really prove it.
So, however illogically, porn had been the way to go. He was too self-conscious to act, modelling didn't pay enough, and time out of school for the medical trial had left him barely scraping a pass on his GED a year late. He shared an apartment with a part-time burlesque dancer, and she'd talked him into it over a weekend and way too much tequila.
Three pictures and one embarrassingly short amateur jerk-off video later, and here he is.
"Gay scenes?"
Steve stretches uncomfortably in the fake-leather chair, watching the agent across the desk. The guy's not un-attractive, even if the eye patch was slightly disconcerting at first. Mr Fury (and that has got to be an alias, Steve's ninety-nine percent sure) had nodded approvingly when Steve had politely apologised for staring and then stopped doing so, so Steve thinks maybe he didn't fuck up his chances right away by being a fucking meatball.
"You're going to make a lot more money working with guys. Boy-girl scenes get you maybe two, three hundred bucks for a shoot. You're just a dick, nobody's looking at you. Guy scenes we're talking up to a thousand, depending on the content."
"A thousand? Shit."
"Not straight away, obviously. Don't get your hopes up."
Fury goes over to the bar in the corner of his office (so eighties, Steve wants to cringe) and silently offers him a drink. Steve just shakes his head, sparking another approving nod. So he guesses it's passing some kind of test to be wary about getting roofied in a porn office? He's from Brooklyn, he's not stupid. He's also starting to question what the hell he's doing here.
His mom can never find out about this.
"It's also easier to build a fanbase within the gay community. Generally they don't treat porn actors like shit." Fury sits back down, ice clinking quietly in his glass as he fixes Steve with an assessing stare. "You'll sell when you look clean-cut, the all-American thing is popular right now."
"Well, it wasn't how I planned on coming out." That draws a snort from the director and Steve smiles, relieved. "But okay, sure. Let's do it."
"Look at that can-do attitude. Bring that to set and we'll get along just fine." Fury smirks drily, and Steve can't tell if he's being sarcastic or not.
In a moment, the director produces contracts and a pen from his top drawer, all ready to go. Steve raises his eyebrows when he realises they're already filled in with his name, they must have liked him from the pictures and video alone.
"We're gonna have you topping exclusively to start with." Fury explains as Steve flicks through the contract before he signs it. "We only shoot safe movies here, so condoms on set and condoms in your personal life. We pay for your monthly STD tests. If you pick up something treatable, we'll put you on the bench until you're clean. If it happens twice, you're outta here."
"Sounds fair." It's only one more moment of hesitation before Steve bites the bullet and signs on the dotted line.
Six months with Shield Entertainment. No out clause unless they fire him.
"Good to have you on board, kid." The contracts are whisked back into the drawer before Steve can blink, he doesn't bother to ask for a copy because the look on Fury's face suggests there are no copies.
"So what happens now?" He rubs the back of his neck, excited and nervous in almost equal measure. Okay, so it's not exactly prestigious, but at least he'll be getting paid to do something he likes.
"Tomorrow, go get waxed. Not your legs, everywhere else. This place is discounted for us." Fury hands him a business card for a salon Steve's never heard of. "We'll have marketing take a look at your pictures, see how they want to spin you. Then come back on Wednesday morning and we'll shoot. Ten a.m., don't be late. Be showered, be sober."
"Yes sir." Steve g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Porn
Pornstars
Substance Abuse
Addiction
Alcohol
Consent Issues
Dubious Consent
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Karaoke
Grooming
Abusive Relationships
Power Imbalance
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Self-Harm
Minor Character Death
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Service Dogs
Psychological Trauma
Dissociation
Trauma
Aftermath of Torture
Deaf Clint Barton
Deaf Character
Canon Disabled Character
Dehumanization
Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor

