Chapter 1: Four Very Welcoming Avengers...
    




Chapter Text
You're sat in the Stark Tower lobby, jigging your leg up and down. Much to your chagrin, your palms are clammy- no handshaking, then -you think bitterly. Your stomach is churning like you've just eaten half a dozen burritos and you seem to having mild difficulty breathing.
This is an awesome opportunity-a hefty annual salary just for doing paperwork. You reallydon't want to screw this interview up, but your damn nerves are overwhelming you. You try and divert your attention by smoothing out the creases in your knee-length, pencil skirt and brushing away none-existent specks of dust from your smart, crisp white blouse. It doesn't work.
You then resort to deep breathing exercises. For a few minutes, it seems to have an effect, but then you hear approaching footsteps and the nerves return with a vengence.
You expect to see some stuffy, middle-aged, portly (and probably balding) man in a snug suit. What you never even imagined  to see was Tony Stark, himself, walking over to you. The self-acclaimed genius, playboy, philanthropist billionaire. Your eyes widen in astonishment.
Stark does a mini power slide towards you, then suddenly grabs both of your hands and pulls you to your feet. He spins you about himself and then sweeps you off your feet, so your head is mere inches from the floor. He's still holding one of your hands, but his other arm is on your back, ensuring you don't tumble to the ground.
"Hi. Name's Stark. Tony Stark. And it would seem I like my ladies both shaken and stirred." He introduces himself smoothly, giving the James Bond quote an intriguing twist. He gently brings you back to standing straight. "Whoa. Now there's an expression that says 'I'm filing harassment charges'!"
"I....I...um..." You stammer, staring at him, shell-shocked.
"You're distracted by my smouldering dark eyes and magnificent hair, aren't you?" He inquires wryly. Well, duh, but that's a different matter entirely , you bite down the urge to say.
"I'm [Your First Name] [Your Last Name]. I'm here for the-"
"Job interview. Admin. Yep. I know. Blech. They're so...irksome. Sooo...follow me, hot stuff." Tony spins on his heel and starts walking away.
"Er...so...you're doing the interview?" You ask, taken aback, as you scurry after him. He has his hands jammed into his pockets, striding forward with that unwavering air of confidence you find tremendously sexy in guys.
"Uh huh! Well. Kinda. A few of my colleagues will also be...assisting in the interviewing process." He answers your question, yet still manages to leave you with more queries running through your mind. He stops in front of an elevator, and leans forward to let some bit of machinery carry out a retinal scan. The doors open and Tony steps in. You tentatively follow him in.
 
"Beam us up, JARVIS." Tony tells his AI. 
"I assume you mean take yourself and Miss [Your Last Name] to the Avengers' Level, sir?" JARVIS quips, in his smooth, English accent
"JARVIS, what did I say about sassing me in front of guests?" Tony pretends to chastise his beloved AI.
"If by 'sassing', you are referring to the characteristic dry wit I use in our interactions, sir, I would care to remind you that you, yourself, applied it to my programming."
"Would you also care to remind me why I did that?"
"Because, sir, you require an equally challenging personality to converse with you on so regular a basis." JARVIS slyly responds.
"I dispute that!" Tony feigns offense.
"Let us agree to disagree, sir."
"Yeah, yeah, JARVIS, just do your thing." Tony flicks his hand in the air, in a dismissive gesture. You're having to keep your lips pressed together to stop yourself from smirking at the little exchange.
 
In a matter of minutes, the elevator doors open almost soundlessly except for a barely audible whirring. The room you step out into is incredibly spacious and airy. It appears to be a cross between the Avengers' 'break room' and briefing room. You're already pretty excited to be on the Avengers' floor, but upon seeing three very recognisable men sat a large circular table, your inner fan-girl is shrieking.
"[Your First Name], I would like to introduce you to Capsicle, Frosty the Snowman and Shakespeare In The Park." Tony, standing next to you, holds out his hand to three Avengers. They all stand up and make their way over to you.
"Funny, Tony. Very funny." Steve Rogers, fricking Captain America, says laconically. "It's a pleasure to meet you, [Your First Name]." He shakes your hand, with a firm yet gentle grip. You find yourself lost in his baby blues and raking your eyes over his silky, blond hair. Fortunately, you manage to restrain yourself from ogling his Adonis-like physique.
"It's very nice to meet you." Bucky Barnes says in that honeyed, raspy voice, tilting his head to one side, his eyes seemingly drinking in the sight of you . The corner of his mouth quirks upwards into a supremely sexy smile when a blush creeps across your face.
"W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Thor/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
POV Second Person
The Author Regrets Everything
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sexual Content
What Was I Thinking?
Don't Judge Me
Oral Sex
Sex
Masturbation
Light Dom/sub
Interviews
Mildly Dubious Consent
Rough Kissing
Shower Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Hand Jobs
Woman on Top

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Thor/Reader

