Chapter 1: A Tale of Butch Kasady
    




Chapter Text
Eddie, Butch and Sleeper had pooled their money together and bought a house. It was a fairly average building, small yard, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, white picket fence. They all had actually agreed on the building because it was painted lavender with a dark grey roof. They hadn't introduced themselves to the neighbor's yet but they already felt at home. Eddie brought in the last few boxes and colapsed on the couch in the living room. Butch and Sleeper had already melted into chairs themselves. "Alright thats the latest of our stuff boys. Not to bad a move since it was mostly adding new furniture." "Helps I didn't come to this dimension with any belongin's either." Butch sighed and wiggled deeper into his chair. They had each picked out and bought lazy boy chairs for themselves and Butch especially loved his. They also had finally settled on a look for him. He was actually very comfortable wearing make up so he would wear nude shades and contor his face every day. It was subtle but enough."Ya welcome home Butch you finally have a new home instead of the floor of my ship." Sleeper laughed. "Tis nice Sleeps tis nice." Butch stared off into the distance and was quiet. "...Is this real?" "Ya its real Butch, we have a house." Eddie said raising an eybrow. Butch stared off and gripped his chair. "I feel like I'm in someone elses body. That none of this is real and I'll be forced back into my body on that ship somewhere. I think I'm always going to be trapped on that ship." He shuttered and suddenly bit his hand so hard he drew blood. "Woah woah ok no biting!" Eddie jumped up and pulled Butch off of himself. "The hell is wrong with you?" "Sorry just... needed to make sure this is real." Butch turned away from Eddie to hide his face. Eddie sighed and ruffled his hair. "Its ok Butch. We really should look into therapy for you." Butch laughed. "Fuck sake Pops do you know how many damn therapists I have had over the years!" "Actually no I don't." Eddie smiled weakly. Butch looked up at Eddie suddenly and then looked at the floor. "Damn it. I forgot fer a moment you aren't you." "You mean Eddie back in your original dimension right?" "Ya... you and me were thick as theives. Its always been hard goin' to dimension to dimension learnin' that was a oddity in our relationship. Most other dimensions you and I, we hate each other." Butch hugged his knees and licked his bleeding hand. "Butch how about you tell us more about your past. You bring it up a lot so I'd like to learn more about it." Said Sleeper, fetting comfortable in their chair. "You really wanna hear 'bout that?" "Yes. You are going to be living with us for an long time. Possibly forever. I want to know my sibling and her host." Butch laughed. "Ok ok that makes sense. I'll start from the top. Lemme grab a beer." Butch sat back down with his beer and took a sip. "Much like yer Cletus I was born into an abusive house. Father was out to kill me, mother just took it. Nobody loved me or wanted me. Eventually though a neighbor saw him beatin' me and called Child Protective Services. Turns out I had an aunt that wazza willin' to froster me. So I got moved down to South Carolina at 'round age 8." "My aunt, bless her, angel among men she was. Tiny lil thing, I quickly grew taller than her. Loved me like her own. Uncle was a brick shit house of a man. He wazza man of few words but he cared for me too. Tried to make me a man. He had a sensitive side too though, hide it from everyone but his wife. But he sometimes showed it to me too. I think he knew I was broken, knew he needed to handle me gently." "So the major difference between you and our Cletus is you actually got help as a kid." Said Eddie. "Sometimes thats all it takes Pops. You should know. With yur situation and how raisin' Sleeps made a world of difference. Anyway continuin' where in I left off. So, no one in South Carolina is going to think a boy who was a lil' too enthusiastic to go huntin' with his uncle would have somethin' wrong withem. But my uncle loved to hunt, took me every time. He taught me to only kill what I needed to kill and to use as much of what I killed as I could. I think thats where I got the idea to become a vigilante, and a cannibal." "What happened to your aunt and uncle?" Sleeper asked curled up in a blanket. "I lived withem fer 'bout 8 years and then my aunt got real sick and died. Uncle took his life a week later. So I was alone. I started livin' in the woods and campin' to survive. I also got into prostitution a bit to make myself enough money to get by." "Jesus, thats rough." Eddie said, his other was now curled up in his lap to listen as Eddie absent-mindedly pet them. "You know for a 16 year old livin' in the woods by himself I was doing pretty good. Then it happened, my first murder." "He was a fat ugly son bitch and I'll never forget him. I was hanging out with a few other girls who also sold themselves on the street and I saw one of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Carnage Symbiote/Cletus Kasady

freeform: 
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Implied Sexual Content
Minor Violence
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Past Abuse
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Butch has had a hard life
So his past makes the tags look dangerous
Its really not i swear this thing is most likely going to be nothing but fluff
Outsider point of view chapter
I really feel bad for anyone who lives next to Eddie
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Untimely holiday specials
Dinner Parties
Crossdressing
Dog!
Random action chapters
3 queer guys live in a house together with their alien spouses and a dog
a lot of OCs - Freeform
This is all based off the comics
Guest appearances from many different Marvel characters
Chapter 72 is pure SMUT
Also there is slow burn romance
Its really really domestic
I take chapter requested at any time for this fic
Canon typical body horror
Trans Character
non-binary characters
We go PLACES
A lot - Freeform
it never gets too heavy but a lot of dark stuff gets touched on
Abandonment
Reconnecting with estranged dad
Happy Ending
So many OCs
This is barely a Venom fic anymore
its fun though
Spelling is subjective
Cats!
This fic is longer than War and Peace
I'm not joking it literally is
80 Percent Fluff 20 Percent Angst

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Carnage Symbiote/Cletus Kasady

