Chapter 1: Rhodey Meets Peter
    




Chapter Text
Rhodey makes his way through the compound, not paying too much attention to where he’s going, just politely nodding a hello to people who recognise him as he walks by.It’s been a few weeks since he’s last seen Tony, and that’s usually not a good sign. A quiet Tony was a Tony that was either drowning his anxiety in drink or was running on nearly fifty hours of no sleep and close to blowing himself up because of the sleep exhaustion.Although, the first one was not as likely nowadays, as it seems like his friend has mostly given up drinking…which was a big shock to him when Tony had told him that he was cutting back on the alcohol. Proud, but shocked.From the brief conversations he’s had with Pepper, apparently Tony wasn’t quiet because he’s working himself to death…or at least not more then usual. No, he’s been quiet because he’s been preoccupied by an intern…a personal intern.Which is odd because in all the years he’s known his friend, Tony has always said that he’d never have an intern because they’d never keep up with him…however, according to Pepper, this intern and Tony are quite close, and Tony’s not a fan of getting close to people.Pepper didn’t tell him much when he asked about the intern that had to be smart enough for Tony to work with. She mostly just said that he should see the intern and how Tony is with him, with his own eyes because he might not believe it otherwise. Which just makes him more intrigued by this mysterious intern.He guesses that the intern is a bit on the young side, maybe late teens, because during the conversations with Pepper, the only other thing she would say about the intern was how adorable he is. Which again, make him all the more intrigued.So, he figured it was time to meet this intern, especially since Tony is getting close to him. His friend has had enough people betray him, so even if the intern has Pepper’s seal of approval, Rhodey needs to check this guy out for himself.“Good evening, Colonel Rhodes” FRIDAY’s voice rang out as Rhodey enters the elevator.“Hey, FRI. Tony in his lab?” the question was rhetorical. When wasn’t Tony in his lab.“Yes, shall I take you to him?”“Please” Rhodey leans against the wall of the elevator to take some of the wait off his leg braces. Most of the time they are fine, but if he walks around in them for a while, they start to get a little uncomfortable. Though, he much prefers having these leg braces to having a wheelchair.The elevator doors open and Rhodey makes his way into Tony’s personal lab.“Hey, Tony Stank” Rhodey starts speaking as soon as he opens the door, “what’s this I’ve been hearing abou-“.Rhodey freezes mid-step and mid-sentence when he see’s Tony… or more accurately when he sees a kid sitting next to his friend.…a kid that, when he and Tony look up at him entering the lab, looks freakishly like Tony did when he first met him back at MIT.It may have been 30 years, give or take, since he met his best friend, but he’d never forget the first time that he met the skinny little kid that had a busted lip because he had mouthed off to one of the much older students.He’d never forget that little face.The face that he was suddenly seeing all over again…sat next to his best friend. He has the same curls that Tony did when he was 15, before he started cutting his hair shorter to get rid of them in an attempt to stop looking as young. It was hard enough being 15 and in college, he didn’t want to look as young as he was too. The kid also has the same freaking eyes as Tony. Big and brown, like bambi. Even their noses look almost the same.He was seriously looking at 15-year-old Tony all over again.When the hell did this happen, and why the hell didn’t Tony call him and tell him that he found out that he has a kid?“Honey-bear” Tony grins, “what are you doing here?”“Figured I’d drop in” Rhodey slowly walks over to towards Tony and the kid, still trying to process just what the hell is going on.Rhodey watches the kid’s eyes go wide as he looks at him, “y-you’re Colonel Rhodes… War Machine… It’s amazing to meet you, Sir. You’re just…you’re awesome”.Tony rolls his eyes, but the grin stays firmly on his face, “you can just call him Rhodey, Pete…and he’s not as awesome as me”.Peter snorts a laugh, “keep telling yourself that”.“You little shit. You’ve clearly gotten way to comfortable with me” Tony says with no heat in his voice, only fondness, and Rhodey watches completely fascinated by the scene, “what happened to the star-struck Peter who used to stutter when he saw me?”“The star-struck Peter disappeared after you got attacked by Dum-e and the fire extinguisher…for the third time…in the same day”.“That stupid bot. I really am going to donate him one of these days” Tony grumbles and Dum-E lets out whiney beep from the corner of the room, “yes, I am, because your useless” Tony shakes his head as he turns back to Rhodey, “where were we?”Rhodey points to Peter.“Right, Honey-bear, this is Peter”.“I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Panic Attacks
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Awesome Pepper Potts
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Heart-to-Heart
Emotions
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Insecure Tony
Happy Ending
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

