Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
It's been a long day, Peter concludes as he swallows yet another set of Penicillin and hydrocodone. He does his best to avoid irritating the new stitches in his mouth, trying to ignore the stiffness in his jaw that screamed infection. His entire maw felt like one throbbing wound, and he had a suspicious feeling that his oral surgeon was lying when he said that his wisdom teeth would come out easily and it wouldn't hurt a bit.
 
He was glad Stark Industries let him have a few days off of work. He’d spent most of the day whining around bloody gauze and ice packs, occasionally taking hour long naps and bothering his Aunt, who had kindly watched over him for most of the day before departing back home with promises of soup  in the morning.
 
Eventually he made his way up the stairs to the room of his open flat, shuffling about to dump his medications on his bedside table and shucking his jeans. Flopping uncaringly onto his bed was both a blessing and a curse; his back delighted in the distinct lack of old springs, but his front protested the face plant loudly.
 
With a muffled groan he’s out in seconds, blocking out the pain in favour of thinking of brighter days.
 
However, It wasn't long until he was awake again, this time to an unwelcome guest.
 
"...ey, Spidey! Hello? Anybody in there?" There's a gentle finger prodding Peter's forehead insistently. A familiar voice knocking around his head that reminded him of nonsense and a little bit of awe. He swats at it sleepily, mumbling into his pillow, wishing for sleep.
 
A few moments more of blind insistence and he gives up, although it’s just a bit longer to process who it was who was standing over him.
 
"...Wade?" Peter squints, trying to focus on the blurry red and black figure. He wasn't having much luck, with the merc’s erratic and unpredictable movements making his eyes roll. Peter could only wonder how he could’ve gotten in, presumably something along the lines of crawling through the window despite how he was on the sixteenth floor.
 
Deadpool kindly squatted down for them to see eye-to-eye, the crease in his mask that only thing giving him away. "The one and only, babycakes!"
 
Peter wants to imagine what his face would be like, but he simply has no idea. Wade has never given himself away, not in all the time they've spent together--though that was, admittedly, thin. The merc often vanished from New York for days to weeks at a time, only to reappear the same as before.
 
He smells like Chinese takeout today; the nice kind you can get downtown if you’re kind to the lady at the counter.
 
Peter blinks at him tiredly before letting out a brief snort. It was just like Wade to just appear when he was down.
 
At Wade's questioning tilt of the head, he says, albeit blandly, "Your head...it's, on fire."
 
There's a pause as the merc stares at him, equal parts befuddled and amused. "...are you on drugs? Doin’ the MJ? Heh, geddit? MJ, like your--"
 
"Nnnoooooooo..." Peter squints some more, realizing it was just the bright light from his lamp against the fabric of Deadpool’s mask.
 
"....Are you sure?"
 
Peter pauses, then clumsily points to his jaw. "Wisdom teeth."
 
Wade nods in understanding, patting Peter’s limp arm consolingly. His hand feels strange--even through his gloves Peter can feel odd ridges and bumps.
 
"How many?"
 
The younger holds up his fingers, nearly hitting Wade in the face he was so close. He always wondered why the other was so fascinated with him.
 
"Four, huh? Poor babe," Wade coos, taking the opportunity to briefly hold the clumsy hand. "Is it bad?"
 
Peter's heartfelt ugh was the only reply, partially muffled by his pillow. He wanted to go back to sleep. He didn't know how Deadpool managed to find his home, but somehow he couldn't bring himself to care. His brain couldn't seem to function right.
 
"Hey, who's takin' care of you?" Wade prods at him again, keeping Peter from dozing off. The merc can't hear anyone else in the flat but them.
 
Peter gives a half-hearted shrug of the shoulders. "Jus' me," he yawns, stretching so that he was just nearly touching Wade. "Aunt May left about an hour ago."
 
The merc lets out an intrigued noise, absently playing with his hands.
 
Peter stays limp, head buzzing in delight, though he wasn't exactly sure why. His long fingers curls around wade's, and he enjoyed the small hitch in the other's breath.
 
He liked Wade, that was certain. Despite the other’s oddities and the general aura of danger, he was witty and absurd to the point of hilarity. There wasn’t anyone quite like him, and despite everything the Bugle said about Spider-man, Peter would always remember Deadpool’s cheery flirtations.
 
“No worries!” Again, Wade’s mask crinkled in delight. “Your friendly neighborhood mercenary is here!”
 
Peter made a questioning noise, already half asleep despite his better judgement.
 
“What do you need, baby boy? Applesauce? Jello? Marathon of Golden Girls? Have you even seen-?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
h/c
gratuitous whining
mentions of logan

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

