Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Glancing up at the property that is now - officially - his, is enough to give Bucky second thoughts.From the carport, where Bucky’s pickup is parked, the view is significantly different from what he knew of the front. That’s the only view Bucky’d had before putting in an offer on the place, a glancing look over the age-weary white cladding and the dirty windows.Buying a place based only on the real estate shots and property report is, perhaps, not the best way to get a feel for it. Bucky’s eyes drift across the wall - particularly the sprinkler shaped curve of black mould along the bottom of the cladding - taking it all in.Well, there’s a reason the place was cheap, and being cheap was the thing that drew him in. Bucky typically makes it a rule to check all places in person before putting in an offer, but this - this. Listed for $78k, they accepted his offer of $75k, in an area where he could reasonably sell a three-bedroom house for upwards of $100k. There was quick, easy profit to be made - and since the property report came back with no major structural damage (which is to say, no damage Bucky couldn’t repair himself), it was easy enough to throw his hat into that ring. Which leads him to a small suburb in Rochester, catching the fall leaves as they turn, looking at a house that is definitely more work than any he’s had before.Sarge nudges against Bucky’s legs, letting out a whine of frustration, the cause of which could be multiple things: hunger, boredom, tiredness. The Rottweiler cross everything mutt was never too fussy about where he slept, but he was giving the patchy grass a sceptical look.“Yeah, alright,” Bucky says at last, drawing the gate closed behind his car. The gate screeches on its hinges, the oiling of which gets added to Bucky’s already novel-length to-do list, before it latches in place.Around his feet, Sarge continues to complain loudly, making a thorough nuisance of himself as Bucky starts unpacking.This isn’t his first rodeo, so to speak, and Bucky’s honed his skill for moving using only a few duffel bags and the barest of furniture necessities. Sarge, spoiled brat that he is, takes priority in the unpacking timeline: his bowl is placed down on the back porch and topped up with dry food, which he eagerly digs into. Bucky casts an experimental glance at the rusty outside tap, which is partly obscured from view by the plants its constant dripping has been feeding for - however long it’s been since someone lived here. Sarge can have water from inside, for now. Bucky wouldn’t clean himself with that thing.While he leaves the dog to gorge himself on biscuits and investigate his new domain, Bucky drags his duffels inside. He’s seen the floorplan online, but again, being there in real life? So much different. The rooms are barely big enough for him to spin around in with his arms out without hitting something, and there’s no logical progression through the house. In lieu of a hallway, like many homes of its era, it just has an ongoing maze of room after room after room. The kitchen, bathroom, and laundry are only discernible by the tiles. Everywhere else is dark and musty, the floors and walls coated in - substances Bucky doesn’t want to think about just yet.He unrolls his futon mattress in the largest, cleanest room he can find, and sets an old lamp on the floor beside it. Experimentally, Bucky plugs it into the outlet, and is pleased when it flicks on. So, the utilities got connected. That’s good.His clothes get hung in the closet, and Bucky stocks the kitchen with the canned food he bought for both himself and Sarge (okay - two different types of food, just all canned, he wasn’t that desperate yet).Into the second largest (but certainly not the cleanest room) goes a drop sheet, and then all of Bucky’s tools. The carpet more than likely needs replacing, but he’s not going to ruin it any further for no good reason.The bathroom is the one place Bucky knows he needs to start working on immediately. The shower - he’s going to have to wear shoes into it, because that looks like the sort of place to give you diseases. He’s driven six hours to get here, and the sun is starting to set, and Bucky just wants to eat and sleep but -“Fuck it,” he sighs, running a hand through his hair - the lingering warmth making it droop now.Bucky goes to get the bleach and one of many scrubbing brushes he owns. The least he can do is make sure he can shower in peace.—Sleeping in a new place is always weird. Bucky’s come up from a stay with his parents after selling his last place - the market flopped, so after taxes and commission to the real estate agent, he’s barely made more than a few thousand dollars. Staying with his family, at least, felt - and smelled - like home.This place feels like some old lady died in it a few years ago and no one bothered to air it out since. When Bucky makes dinner, he finds a chipped old teacup hiding in the back of one cupboard. Definitely an old lady.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Renovations
Protective Steve Rogers
Meet-Ugly
kind of
handyman
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Children
Kid Fic
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Thinks He's Smooth
Spoilers: He's Not
Dogs
Small Sassy Child Rogers
House-Flipper
Neighbours
But then it's
Meet-Cute
Found Family
Adoptive family
Strangers to Friends
Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
children killing the mood
First Time
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

