Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It started out as a very normal Friday evening. Bruce sat at the computer in his apartment, looking over the latest data package from Dr. Connors, while Peter did his school reading stretched out on the floor. They had spent so many nights in a similar manner that Bruce sometimes teased that Peter had wasted his money bothering to rent an apartment at all.Just as common was when Peter tired of his studying and crept up behind Bruce. Sometimes he would simply sit himself down in Bruce's lap and steal a kiss, but on that very normal Friday, he started instead with a shoulder massage. Bruce had no complaints. He leaned back into Peter's strong hands and only pretended to continue scrolling through blood toxin reports. By the time Peter got around to kissing the back of his ear, he was already making a mental list of what he felt up to doing that night, where to begin..."Hey," said Peter, reaching forward to undo a few buttons on Bruce's shirt. "Bruce.""Hey, Peter," said Bruce, scrolling back up to the point in his document where he'd stopped paying attention."Are you...busy?"Bruce tilted his head to the side, and Peter obliged him with a gentle kiss to his neck. "Not particularly," he answered."Good." Peter kissed him again, and then he wrapped his arms across Bruce's chest, holding him tight. "Because I want us to have a conversation about the Hulk."Bruce went still. He looked to his monitor as if for help, and the words subject remains unresponsive to treatment jumped out at him. He closed the file. "Why?"Peter exhaled sharply against his ear. "Because it's important," he said, and when he took a step back, Bruce and his chair came with him. "Because he's part of you, and that affects me. And because you promised we would.""I made that promise hoping I could put it off until you let it go," said Bruce, only half joking."Too bad for you." Peter circled around in front of him. "Because you owe me and it's time to pay up." He met Bruce's eyes seriously. "I want to have a conversation."Bruce started to answer, but was forced to pause when Peter took his seat in his lap. When Peter laced his fingers behind the back of his neck, he couldn't help but respond in kind, wrapping his arms around Peter's waist. "Okay," he said once they were both situated. He was already anxious but there didn't seem to be any escape; he could see in Peter's face that he had been working up to it. "We can talk about it. What do you want to know?""Everything," Peter said immediately.Bruce licked his lips. "You already know most of it. I was working for General Ross on the Super Soldier Serum project. The test--""I already know that part," Peter interrupted."I know you know, I just said--" Bruce sighed, sagging into the back of his chair. "I don't know where else to start."Peter let go of Bruce just long enough to pluck off his glasses and set them down on the desk. "I want to know the rest," he said. "Not where he came from, but what he's like. What it's like for you, living with him. What he's capable of." When Brue made a face, he squirmed. "I know this isn't easy for you, but you're going to have to try, because it's important."Bruce tried not to be irritated by Peter insistence, but it was almost too easy to react defensively whenever anyone questioned him about his other half; it had been a fairly useful tactic in the past to keep curiosities at bay. "I know, I just honestly don't know what to tell you. It's difficult to put into words."Peter chewed his lip; he looked as if he, too, were counseling himself through the long-overdue conversation. "You said once or twice before that you can feel him," Peter said. "Did you mean, like, as a physical thing? Or a mental one?""Both. Sometimes...it's very physical.""Where?"Peter's eyes swept over him in anticipation of an answer, impressing on Bruce at last just how serious he was, and how serious he would have to be himself in return. He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly before guiding Peter's hands to his chest. "Here," he said, centering Peter's hands over the top of his sternum. "It's like a pressure," he explained. His voice was rough as if with disuse, which was nearly true--he had never spoken about the Hulk to anyone in such a way. "Squeezing the base of my throat--just like any time you get angry, I guess, or when you're trying not to say something you really want to."Peter traced the hollow of Bruce's throat with two fingers. "Like when you're trying not to cry?" he supposed quietly.Bruce swallowed--felt Peter's fingertips bob. "I guess so. Yes." He tightened his hands around Peter's and dragged them a little lower. "When it's bad, it spreads, until it feels like there's a fist clenched in my chest. That's when I really know...he's close."Peter stared at his chest intensely. He moved his fingers in a gentle massage, which grew deeper and more possessive when Bruce didn't stop him. "What about now?" he asked.Bruce lowered his own hands to Peter's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Hulk/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Age Difference
Hulk Sex
Size Kink

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Hulk/Peter Parker

