Chapter 1: Just Relax, Trust Me, It’s Okay to Let Go…
    




Chapter Text

Bucky smiled as he gently massaged Tony’s hand, he could feel the younger brunette becoming loose and relaxed as he carefully worked the strains from the inventor’s hands. His smile widened as he watched those doe brown eyes began to grow heavy with sleep. The slow pulsing music he played during their sessions was doing its job perfectly. It helped he’d trained the engineer’s skilled hands to be a calming touch point when he handled them. Tony was like putty in his hands. 
 
“It’s okay to let go Tony… just relax and trust me… It’s okay to let go… the deeper you go the better you’ll feel.” He began to massage the mechanic’s wrist. “The better you feel the deeper you go.”  He watched the brunette’s eyes close. “How do you feel Tony?” 
 
Tony could only moan his eyes had drifted shut. 
 
“One word Tony… Come on let go… just relax and trust me… you know you’ll feel so much better once you relax.” He continued massaging up the other’s arm listening to the moans that escaped his slightly parted lips. “How do you feel Tony… One word…” 
 
“Good…” 
 
“Alright just a bit deeper… the better you feel the deeper you go and the deeper you go the better you feel…” He began massaging the length of Tony’s arm. 
 
Tony’s head began to lull as he fell deeper into a trance. 
 
Bucky smiled. “Ahhh, you fell so much faster this time… now Anthony let’s see if you followed my suggestions from our last session.” he released the inventor’s arm. “Strip and let’s see what you’re wearing under your suit.” 
 
Tony sleepily undid his shirt revealing the beginnings of white lace against lightly tanned skin. 



Bucky smile widened. He licked his lips and patiently waited for Tony to completely remove his suit then place it carefully on the empty seat next to him. 
 
“Well look at you all pretty in your white panties and lace just like I asked…” he carefully leaned forward, placing a hand on Tony’s hairless thigh. “You look so pretty for me. I really appreciate it.” 
 
The blissed out smile on Tony’s face let’s Bucky know Tony is just falling deeper and deeper. Tony loved to be praised. He was an excellent example of what happens when your parents just don’t hug you enough and then someone paid you just enough attention. Once Bucky figured out praise was the key to opening Tony’s box this whole process became twenty times easier. 
 
Bucky leaned forward and took Tony’s hands in his. “Do you enjoy it? Wearing something so pretty?” 
 
Tony sleepily nodded his head. 
 
“Can you use words?” Bucky asked, “It would make me very happy if you told me how it feels…” 
 
Tony moaned blood quickly rushing south. How did it feel? He felt like he was floating really… he whimpered as Bucky’s thumbs massaged his hands. He was overcome with a deep sense of relaxation and peace. 
 
“So good…” he mumbled, “feels good…” 
 
Bucky smiled, “You make me so happy Tony. Good boy.” He praised brining Tony’s left knuckles to his lips to kiss.  “Did that feel good?” 
 
Tony nods slowly a wet spot appearing at the tented tip of his white panties. His arousal evident and radiating heat. 
 
“Words, Tony…” Bucky reminded. He loved hearing Tony’s voice. It was so unlike Steve’s. 
 
Often he stripped his boyfriend of the ability to speak instead making Steve communicate his needs through nonverbal communications. Also he usually had Steve’s mouth wrapped around something and not available for words. 
 
The words were slow and slurred. Tony’s mouth taking the time to make the sounds even if it was toned down. “Yes…. so good…” 
 
“Alright Doll,” Bucky began smiling as Tony’s dick literally jumped. “Shall we move onto the fun stuff?” He asked letting go of Tony’s hands and watching them fall listlessly to Tony’s sides. “Are you ready to feel even better? Tell me…” 
 
“Yeeessss…” he replied waiting on Bucky’s next word. 
 
“Okay Doll, let’s get started…” he stood up and took Tony’s hands. “Let’s get you to the massage table…” he led Tony across the small room to the massage table and placed him face down on it. 
 
“You’re always so good for me… you’re one of the best clients I have, you know…” he began praising the young brunette as he slowly worked the knots out of Tony’s shoulders and neck.  
 
After a while he got up onto the massage table and laid himself over Tony, smiling at the moan Tony let out. 
 
“I haven’t read about you in the tabloids lately… Have you been a good boy since our last session?” His voice ghosted over Tony’s ear as Bucky’s skilled hands massaged the calm brunette’s scalp through his short hair. He worked his clothed hips against Tony’s bare skin 
 
“Yeeesss…” Tony moaned his hips moving down into the table and up to meet Bucky’s. 
 
“You’re the best…” Bucky whispered before carefully moving his hands along Tony’s spine and moving to rest his hands on Tony’s perfectly sculpted ass. He gently kneaded each check before spreading them slightly. 
 
A low hiss of approval escaped his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hypnotist Bucky Barnes
Hypnotism
Mind Control
Dubious Consent
Potentially Non consensual Sex
Feminization
Lace Panties
Butt Plugs
Sex Toys
semi forced relationship
Bucky is in control
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Mind Controlled Steve Rogers
Mind Controlled Tony Stark
Relationship based on hypnotic suggestion
Mind Break
consenting issues
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Abuses Power
Orgasm Denial
Piercings
Trigger words
Objectification
Lipstick & Lip Gloss
Oral Sex
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Extremely Dubious Consent
almost non con
What Is Love Really?
Somehow It all works out in the end!
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Cock Warming
Rimming
Lube
Semi-Public Sex
Anal Fingering
Ass to Mouth
Rape/Non-con Elements
Forced Oral Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

