Work Text:
As all good things—or bad things, in Tony’s opinion—begin, this adventure started with an evil asshole who decided to kill half the universe and then inconveniently  disappeared. 
 
This, of course, led to the ever-cliche moment of weakness on Tony’s part, a motivational speech from Captain America, some weird space-alien chick with glowing hands, a talking raccoon, and a depressed god of thunder. As all good (or bad) things have.
 
And, as all good and bad things do, their latest adventure was caused by an accident.
 
They tracked down Thanos fairly quickly for a ‘technologically inferior’ civilization, in the words of Thor, Carol, and the raccoon. It ended up being a simple algorithm designed to track the Stones’ energy signatures. Once he used the Gauntlet again (which didn’t take long, unsurprisingly), they had a lock on his location and they were gunning it for some random planet in the ‘Nova Corps,’ whatever that meant.
 
As mentioned earlier, Steve “I’m Captain America so listen to me” Rogers issued a hell of a motivational speech to get their heart rates ratcheting up before their big battle. Tony just barely contained his bitterness and settled for pulling a face behind the Captain’s back.
 
The spaceship that he and Nebula had returned in was battered, completely devoid of resources, but it was  seriously  cool nonetheless. The deep-space capabilities, the navigation tech, the respirators, just…  all  of it.
 
The other Avengers seemed just as affected as Tony had been when he first boarded. Well, except for a few. The raccoon and Nebula strode onto the ship with no hesitation, and Thor and Carol only paused to eye the ship, unimpressed, before climbing aboard. Steve stared up at it, that longing look creeping onto his face, and Tony fought down a pang of whatever feeling that look had evoked once upon a time. He had appreciated Steve’s awe in modern technology for a while. Back when the world was simpler.
 
The fight was briefer than he expected, honestly. Although to be fair, he could have missed half of it.
 
Thanos was, of all things,  farming.  He had been honest-to-God  hoeing  in the fields when they crept up on him. He was still wearing the Gauntlet, but it was blackened and burned, just like the rest of his left arm. Thor was  this close  to removing his head from his shoulders when the purple giant stiffened, raised a hand, and hit Thor squarely in the stomach with a full-powered blast.
 
Stormbreaker still connected, but it tore a gash in Thanos’s side rather than killing him. Nebula screamed a challenge, and from there Tony’s memory got a little fuzzy.
 
There was a big fight, with flashing lights and lots of explosions. Carol was actually super impressive-looking, and Thor rejoined the battle with a limp and glowing eyes. Random details stuck in Tony’s brain: the exact pattern of the rips on Thor’s cape, the manner in which the extra spinal protection was burned away from the War Machine armor, the way Steve’s suit stretched across his ass.
 
Then the Gauntlet was pointed at Steve’s prone form, and Tony’s mind flew from his helmet and went right to Steve. He had just gotten his arms around him (to get him to safety, to  save him)  when the blast came.
 
And, as all good and bad things begin with, something went wrong.
 
The look on Thanos’s face when a blast from the Space Stone became intermingled with green and yellow wisps—the Time and Mind Stones—was more of an indication of the error than the appearance of the energy. He obviously hadn’t meant to do such a thing, but before Tony could react, his vision went white.
 
---
 
Steve Rogers was not having the best day.
 
First, Fury had dragged him into the biggest fight that he’d been in since World War II, complete with two alien gods, a man with a suit of robot armor, a man who turned into a monster when he got angry, a mind-controlled sniper using a bow and arrow, and a flying aircraft carrier. Then, Phil Coulson, his apparent “Number One Fan” had been murdered in cold blood with his Captain America trading cards  still in his jacket,  ready for Steve to sign.
 
And now he was standing in the ruined streets of New York City, staring up at a portal to the other end of the universe and waiting  (hoping)  for the son of Howard Stark to fall out the other side.
 
When he saw the mushroom cloud grow larger, rippling out towards the gap, Steve felt his heart drop. He waited one more beat, two, three, until the roar of the blast started vibrating in his ears.
 
“Close it,” He ordered resignedly. He could tell that Romanoff had somehow disabled the machine, because the portal began to shrink, collapsing in on itself.
 
Right as it shrank into nothing, the portal contorted and flashed a mixture of blue, yellow, and green, and the Iron Man suit tumbled out of thin air.
 
“Son of a bitch,” Steve remarked, trying to suppress his relieved smile.
 
Then, just as the portal curled in on itself and collapsed, two more foreign figures app
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Time Travel
Slow Burn
tony meets tony and steve meets steve
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Fix-It of Sorts
Time Travel Fix-It
Who even knows
i messed with the timeline because i wanted to
Panic Attacks
Friends to Lovers
Implied Relationships
Past Relationship(s)
Fluff and Angst
SHIELD
Hydra (Marvel)
Anger
Secrets
Post-Battle of New York (Marvel)
Battle of New York (Marvel)
i started writing this before endgame
and then it happened
I WROTE THIS BEFORE ENDGAME SO THEREFORE THE RUSSOS COPIED ME

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

