Chapter 1: To Heal a Battered Soul and Body
    




Chapter Text
After the Gerard incident, Stiles’ father decided to send him to his uncle living in New York to stay for the spring break. Stiles who had not seen his uncle for 2 years readily agreed. His dad asked his uncle if Stiles can stay throughout the spring break in his place and his uncle readily accepted. Stiles packed and left within the same day. He did not tell Scott nor the Hale pack or anybody else in Beacon Hills. He did not feel his absence would be significant to them. Nobody even noticed he was missing after the lacrosse match except his father. That was more than enough reminder to him that he was not part of any pack, that he did not belong to the supernatural community.The ride was uneventful. He slept through most of it. His body still needed the rest for recuperation from his injuries.“Stiles!” He heard someone called him. He turned around and found his uncle in a very cool suit. He jogged over to his uncle uncaring of the pain on his limping leg. He embraced his uncle and felt his arms embraced him too.“Hey, Uncle Phil.” Stiles greeted, a little emotionally high pitched.Stiles clung a little bit longer, basking in the feel of safety and love from his mother's only brother. He hadn’t felt this comfortable and safe ever since Scott was bitten.Stiles pulled back but his uncle left an arm around his shoulders. Phil's eyes wandered on his face. Stiles knew he was examining his visible injuries and trying to puzzle out what had happened to him through it.“Let's go home. We'll catch up along the way.” Phil said and stirred him to his car. Stiles sighed in relief that his uncle didn't question his injuries, yet."Lola! You're still alive!" Stiles exclaimed as he hopped in the vintage car his uncle treasured so much. The man has sentimental issues as big as Stiles. Roscoe, his jeep, used to belong to his mother and no matter how much breaking down problem he presented, Stiles will not let him go."You should know Lola is tougher than that." Phil said and he pulled out of the parking lot.“I know. But after the Chitauri Invasion, I thought she wouldn't survive that kind of clusterfuck-“"Language-" Phil quiped."I mean disaster. Yap, disaster." Stiles smiled that I'm-cute-you-can't-preach smile. Phil rolled his eyes but he fondly smiled at him."But seriously, how'd you survived the invasion? We were so worried. We can't contact you for weeks. We thought-" Stiles caught his breath. Phil reached out to touch his shoulders."Stiles, breathe. I'm here. I'm well and alive." Phil stated, calmly.Stiles ruggedly exhaled. "Thank God, you are."Their conversation dissolved to mundane things. Stiles was silently thankful his uncle ignored his injuries in the meantime. He knew Phil was very perceptive. Over perceptive for a manager. Add in his protective streak, Phil was barely restraining his urges to question his nephew of his current state.Phil's house was very neat and clean. It was full of memories from their ancestors. As Stiles walked through the fireplace, he saw a portrait of his seventh birthday. It was the last time they were complete. Stiles on the centre smiling, white frosting streak his youthful face. His uncle Phil and his dad were on either side of him. While his mother was kneeling beside him, an arm around his waist while the other held up his birthday cake.He must be staring for quite some time because he was startled when a hand touched his shoulder. He looked behind him. Phil smiled that bittersweet smile of someone remembering wonderful memories of the past. It was the last birthday he shared with his mom.“Good thing we were able to take this before you blew up the cake. I still can't figure out how the two of you managed to do that.” Phil said softly.“That's between me and mom. I promised not to tell.” Stiles grinned.“Unpack and change your clothes. I've already cooked before I picked you up.”Stiles nodded and went to his room. He halted after a couple of steps and turned back to his uncle.“Phil.” Stiles called.“Yes, kiddo?”Stiles fidgeted, feet nervously shifting side to side.“Thanks, for letting me stay here. I know you're busy and all.”Phil smiled softly. “You know you are always welcome to stay here.”Stiles run back to him and gave him a quick hug before bolting to his room.Phil gazed back to the picture, thinking of the many similarities her sister and her son shared. “Claudia, what's with you two and trouble?” He asked fondly. Phil sighed and headed to the kitchen to set dinner.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stiles Stilinski/Steve Rogers
Stiles Stilinski & Jackson Whittemore
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Love
Fluff
Hurt
Magic
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Magical Stiles Stilinski
BAMF Stiles
Uncle Phil Coulson

fandom: 
Stiles Stilinski/Steve Rogers
Stiles Stilinski & Jackson Whittemore
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton

