Chapter 1: more like a prologue
    




Chapter Text
it wasn’t often that Peter Parker came face-to-face with the Avengers.
It was even less often that he came face-to-face with them as Spider-man.
Ever since the new revised version of the accords were initiated, and all the rouge-avengers returned to the compound, Peter had seen them around whenever he came to work in the lab with Mr. Stark.
Of course, he was never there as often as he would like; Friday’s he would be picked up by Happy (or sometimes Tony would come, always claiming to have had business, and didn’t want to make Happy overexert himself, but he really just wanted an excuse to see Peter sooner) stay overnight, and return home Saturday evening so he could spend Sunday with Ned, MJ, and May. Other times when May was working, he got permission to stay the whole weekend, which was pretty cool.
Ever since the other Avengers came back Peter had been subconsciously avoiding them- not that it was hard since he was almost always in the lab- but when his heightened hearing picked up the rouges in a room he was about to go in, he quickly changed his path to just keep moving on or turn around.
It wasn’t that he disliked them- hell, they were the Avengers, his childhood heroes- he just didn’t feel comfortable around them yet. Mr. Stark had mostly forgiven them, so that was enough for him… though he still wanted to punch the Captain for dropping a air-hanger-thingy on him (haha- no wait, it was for hurting Mr. Stark… even though he still wasn’t entirely sure what had happened. Revenge for the airport would just be an added bonus).
No, he felt uncomfortable around them because he wasn’t sure how they would react. Were they wondering why Mr. Stark had hired a random kid as his ‘intern’? Had Mr. Stark told them who he was? Would they think he was too young to be fighting crime? Would they be mad at him for joining their private fight in Germany?
The few times he had been in the same rooms as them, he hadn’t spoken to them, only to Mr. Stark. Sometimes they would stray into Stark's lab to hand in damaged battle gear, or to ask him some seemingly private questions in a hushed tone (even though Peter could hear it all anyway), or just general stuff like what topping he wanted on a pizza.
Sometimes they would glance over in Peter’s direction questioningly, but they never really spoke to him, sometimes they had a short polite conversation with him (Wanda seemed to enjoy talking with him the most, and laughed at his quiet fanboying), but he doubted they really cared as to why he was there after getting over the initial shock that Stark allowed a kid in his lab.
So it was pretty unnerving when he was just on his normal-every-day-patrol and found himself face to face with the Avengers. He had been tracking down a gunman that had gotten away last night. Peter had managed to web up all of them except one, which was pretty frustrating.
They had been stealing from a tech store in Queens, holding everyone at gunpoint. He had just knocked out two of ‘em, and was webbing them on the floor to keep them from moving when he felt his spider-sense warn him of incoming danger.
He moved, but wasn’t fast enough, and the bullet grazed his arm, causing blood to pour out. He winced, but knew his healing would take care of it, as he shot a web towards the gun, and with a yoink tugged it from the mugger.
“Oh, hey, we don’t wanna trigger anyone tonight, not cool bro,” he quipped before continuing to web him up.
It wasn’t until Karen informed him that the last one just escaped that he even realized there was four. He ran outside only to see him drive away, obviously ignoring the speed limits.
 smh. Peter thought, while also finding the crook’s bad driving incredibly relatable to his own on skills on homecoming.
“Karen, track him for me, please.”
 “Sure thing Peter,” The AI responded, before adding “I detect an unusual amount of bleeding coming from your right arm. Would you like me to contact Mr. Stark?” 
“No! Nono, Karen it’s fine, it’ll heal quickly, but we gotta catch this guy first.

 “That course of action is not recommended. If you refuse to return home, I’m afraid Mr. Stark has requested I call either him or May.” 

Peter groaned. He knew that the AI wouldn’t fail to deliver on that threat if needed. But it was fine, the tracker was in place, and he would be back to find the last guy before long.
Reluctantly, he headed toward his apartment while trying to lay off his right arm while swinging. He had gotten worse injury’s before- much worse- but that didn’t stop the pain from stinging each time he put his weight on it. By the time mourning had come around though, it was completely healed, without even a mark.
Which was why his AI had let him track down the remaining guy without telling on him the next day.Which was why he was in a sketchy part of Queens after school, about to break into a building that looked equally as sketchy.
Karen had laid out the best place to enter, as well as
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Walking/Human Disaster
This is crack taken seriously
and I'll be re-writing the poorly written stufu eventually
Ok bye

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

