Work Text:
Steve doesn't even notice at first, is the thing.He tells himself that it’s understandable after the fact, that he's had a hard couple of years, what with being unfrozen and then fighting gods and monsters and corrupt government agencies, but the truth is he might not have seen what was going on even before all that happened, because there are some things he’s just not very observant about.Sam is the one who eventually points it out to him, because Sam is the kind of guy who notices these things."Huh," he says, looking around the entryway. "Did you get a maid or something?"Steve frowns up at him from where he's untying his shoelaces. "What? No."  Natasha had suggested that he hire a maid once, having seen how quickly his apartment turns into a disaster area when he's alone, but Steve had balked at the idea. He used to live with people who worked as cleaners and maids—he doesn't think he'd be able to hire one, no matter how bad things get.Sam raises his eyebrows. "Okay. So you finally started cleaning, then? I have to admit, I'm impressed. I thought I'd come over one night and find you buried under your own trash."Which is deeply unfair. Steve is not a disgusting garbage monster, Sam is just freakishly tidy. Steve looks around and realizes that the laundry basket is no longer sitting on the couch, the cups crowding the living room table have all disappeared, and the carpet in the hall looks suspiciously as though it has been vacuumed. And it smells nice, light and clean and slightly chemical."I'm pretty sure I didn't do that," he says finally.Sam shakes his head. "You're pretty sure? You don't know?""Well, who else—Stark. Of course.  He must have hired somebody for me.  Probably thought he was doing me a favour."  He thinks about how much it must have cost him and tries to suppress a wince.  He forgets sometimes that he knows rich people now.Sam shakes his head again, looking more amused than baffled now.  "You honestly think Tony Stark would do something like this without telling you?  Loudly and repeatedly?" He looks around again.  "Either you've got elves or you've gotta start looking closer to home."It takes him a while even after that.  He forgets sometimes that he doesn't live alone anymore.He asks Bucky about it a few nights later, when they're both in the living room.  The television is on, because Steve's working his way alphabetically through Tony's very long list of "Shows Cap Has to Watch So He Stops Feeling Like a Sad Grandpa."  He hates that list, but since he's started to go through it he does feel like less of a sad grandpa.  He's on The Golden Girls now, which he likes mostly because he knows that Peggy liked it, back in the day.Bucky is curled up against the arm of the couch, dressed in a pair of Steve's old sweats.  He has clothes of his own—Steve took him out shopping months ago, and then Clint took him out re-shopping after he saw the things he'd bought with Steve because “not everyone loves khakis as much as you, Steve, Jesus”—but he tends to wear Steve's things instead, even though the sleeves trail over his hands and the pants hang too loose and too long.  His feet are bare.  He's watching the television, occasionally chuckling a little when Estelle Getty cracks wise."Bucky?"He turns his face to Steve's then, no hesitating, not like when Steve had first brought him home and he had to think carefully about the name every time he answered to it.  He looks at him wordlessly, waiting for him to continue."Have you been, uh."  Steve shifts a little, unsure of how exactly to have this talk.  "Cleaning?  The apartment, I mean?"No hesitation again.  Just a quick nod, and then, "Yeah," Bucky says.   His voice is still hoarse and too quiet, one of the most tangible reminders of all the years he didn't use it. "A few times.  Just while you were out."There's nothing there, no tone or expression to clue Steve in to what he's thinking.  He lets it sit for a few seconds before going on."Why?"A slight crease appears between Bucky's brows.  He looks at Steve for a moment as though he thinks the question might be a trick.  "Because it was messy?" he offers at last.  "And because I know how long it takes for you to notice things like that?" He does have a point there.  Military training aside, when left to his own devices Steve tends to forget that he lives in a pig sty. "I mean, I'm not really doing anything all day. Might as well make myself useful, right?"There had been a day, not too long after Bucky had come to live with him, when Steve had asked him to join the Avengers, against the wishes of... well, pretty much everyone except Sam and Natasha, who'd been there for his recovery and knew.  He's not Natasha, he can't talk people into jumping off cliffs and thinking it was their idea—he’s not even Tony, who people seem to listen to out of sheer fascination—but he can be pretty convincing when he wants to be, he thinks, when he believes in what he's saying. (And he had.) He'd explained what 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Domestic
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Knitting
Post-Winter Soldier
Cooking
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

