Work Text:
The anti-accords Avengers were back in the compound. Their return had been insured and this was where they would stay while they were putting the finishing touches to everything and possibly after. They had all arrived that morning and were now standing in the kitchen. It had been kind of awkward, because Tony had forgotten they were coming, he had been having too much fun with Peter who was staying at the compound, because aunt May had to leave for another city to go on in her career and Peter hadn’t wanted to take that from her. That had also resulted in Tony walking into the kitchen, seeing everyone, clutching his heart and exclaiming: “Oh geez, what the, oh yeah, fuck, that’s today.”He also then realized that he had forgotten to tell Peter all of this was happening, but it was too late, because the young spiderling was already making his way down the hall, tired, unaware and in Iron man bottoms. Tony likes to say that this wasn’t his fault and that the kid had already have those from before Tony met him, but it was his fault that the kid was wearing an Avengers shirt and Thor socks. He wanted to signal to the kid that it was a bad time, but the kid was groggy from sleeping and not awake enough to be alert and signaling him would just put extra attention on him. So, Tony sighed and prepared for some secondhand embarrassment, amusement and questions. Peter opened the door to the kitchen and patted around for some cereal, not noticing the surprised looks from people in the kitchen that weren’t supposed to be there. He poured some milk with the cereal and sat down and started to eat at what would be an alarming speed if it wasn’t for his metabolism and freaky powers. He only looked up when Tony cleared his throat and said: “Hey, kid, how’d ya sleep?”“Good, good, tired, but was good. You?” Peter murmered.“Also great. Was a bit late yesterday, ey.” Tony said trying to get Peter to look up and see everyone.“Yeah. What are you doing up already. Didn’t you go to bed or something after you sent me up?” Peter asked, still unaware.Tony looked guilty and his former teammates raised their eyebrows at each other. Tony said: “I was going to, but then I thought of something and I forgot to. I went up for coffee actually, but I didn’t go back.”The kid stayed silent and didn’t ask why so he said: “We have guests, Pete. Sorry, I forgot.”He finally got the kids attention. He looked up and saw more shapes in the kitchen than there normally would be, but he had too much sleep in his eyes to see who it was. He rubbed in his eyes and yawned then he looked again and promptly fell off his chair. He squeaked: “Oh my god, it’s the Avengers. Ahhhh, why didn’t you tell me!”He looked accusatory at Tony who shrugged and said: “Like I stated before, I forgot, sorry, buddy.”The others had followed the conversation silently so far, but now they felt the need to say something as well. Steve said: “I am Steve Rodgers, who are you?”The boy looked at him with wide eyes and blushed pink. “I’m Peter, sir. Peter Parker”’ he said.“Hey, why does he get a sir?” Tony protested.“Well, Mr. Stark you told me not to call you that or I wouldn’t be allowed in the labs for a week.” Peter huffed as he got up.Tony thought for a second and said: “Yeah, that sounds like me. Anyways, Avengers this is Peter he is my intern, Peter these are the other Avengers, but judging by your clothes you already know that.”He said the last part with a smirk and Peter looked down. He turned ten shades brighter and started spluttering apologies, but Tony cut him of. “Hey, kid, kid, Pete, Peter. Stop. It’s not making them uncomfortable. It’s very flattering, come on. Just, be cool. You can go and come back after you’ve changed. That’s what I’m doing. Lets go.”Peter looked at him and fell into his mother hen roll: “Did you spill oil over you again? How many times have I told you to go to bed before you get too tired?”That made Tony smile and he said: “There is the Peter I know.”Peter rolled his eyes and walked away saying: “I’ll be back soon.”When he was out of the kitchen Clint said: “Intern, dude, he’s either your kid or your mother.”Tony rolled his eyes at that and said: “He’s not my kid. Not blood anyway, but that’s none of you business. If I hadn’t forgotten you were coming today, I would have made sure he didn’t see you like that. He’s a dorky kid who looks up to you, don’t spoil it. Besides he is one of the smartest people I know, so don’t think he’s just a kid who doesn’t understand the world. You don’t become my intern for nothing. Now I am going to change, see you in a bit. Don’t break anything.”Then Tony left the kitchen as well. They waited until He was out of sight before They turned to each other. “What the hell did just happen.” Sam said.“I don’t know.’ Steve said, ‘It appears that Tony has taken in a kid, I think. But not his kid, just a kid.”“Apparently a smart kid. You knew Howard. Starks aren’t nice about people who they don’t think are smart.” Bucky 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Captain America Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

