Chapter 1: the gravity of you
    




Chapter Text
Peter sleeps in on the first day of summer break. He sleeps in so long, that when he wakes up, it takes him a moment to remember what year it is or where the bathroom’s located. He’s relaxed, he’s content, and he’s…hungry. The smell of sausage is wafting through the air and assaulting him to the point that his stomach growls loudly and seems to clench with irritation.
He scrambles into the kitchen. Pepper laughs at how eagerly he climbs into a chair at the bar and attacks the biscuit she places in front of him. “Good afternoon, sweetie.”
Peter hums in reply, wiping at his eyes. “Morning.”
With another laugh, she offers a cup of coffee and then sets about making a full plate of food.
“After you eat, you need to shower and get dressed,” she tells him. Peter takes a pause to appreciate how casual she looks in jean shorts and a tank top, hair down and smile affectionate. Its still weird to reconcile that this woman is his mom, the same woman who dominates the business world in suits and stilettos. “When Tony gets back, we’re spending a day on the town.”
This distracts him enough that he sits up and realizes his dad is nowhere to be found. “Where is he now?”
The corner of Pepper’s mouth twitches. “Picking up an old friend.”
By “old friend” Pepper means Harley Keener, a kid Tony met years ago that he’s kept in contact with as a mentor of sorts. Tony speaks of him fairly often, and he was even called on Skype to witness the small ceremony Pepper and Tony had last summer. They both adore him, even if Tony complains about never-ending sass and a pain in the ass.
There is also the fact that his mere presence in Tony’s lab over a year ago sent Peter falling out of the closet and into bisexual awareness, all because of leather pants and a southern drawl.
He spent weeks after that agonizing over the newfound awareness that he was bisexual. And now, here Harley Kenner is, walking into the penthouse looking like sex on two legs. Peter’s breath catches in his throat at the sight. Harley is taller and leaner than Peter, and he walks almost lazily. He wears tight, ripped jeans and a loose white v-neck (what is with this dude and the v-necks?! Does he know about Peter’s obsession with his collarbones?). With headphones hanging loosely around his neck and leather cords around his wrists, he looks like nobody Peter has ever been friends with but someone he is still incredibly attracted to.
“Oh no,” Peter whispers to himself. Shit.
“Harley!” Pepper says with a wide smile. She hugs him tightly before Tony ruffles his hair. “Its so good to see you.”
“You too, Pep.” The boy says. He glares at Tony. “I didn’t like that when I was twelve, and I don’t like it now.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Bite me.”
“Something tells me you aren’t as tasty as this one,” Harley says, blue—blue blue blue—eyes trailing over Peter. “Peter, good to see you again. It’s been awhile.”
“Yeah-yeah, it has,” Peter chokes out, trying to force his hands to stop sweating. “Tony’s told me a lot about you, though, since we met. All good things, of course. Actually, not all good things, he’s kind of an ass about it. But not like—
“Darlin’, you don’t have to soften the blow,” Harley cuts him off with half-smirk. “Tony is a total ass.”
“So are you.” Tony points out, in almost bored tone of voice. “We gonna get this show on the road, or do you two want to stand around and insult me?”
“We can go!” Peter squeaks while Harley shrugs and says, “I’m good to stand around and insult you.”
“Peter, will you show Harley to his room?” Pepper cuts in gracefully. “We’ll head out after he gets his stuff put down.”
Peter decides its better not to talk and simply nods. He turns without saying anything to Harley and walks to the guest room. The other kid doesn’t speak either, just casually strolls along with his suitcase trailing behind him. It gives Peter enough time to collect himself so that he can step into the room with a lazy flourish.
“So, this is you,” he says lightly. “Bathroom is the door directly to the left. Unless you brought your own shampoo and stuff, there’s plenty of mine to use. Towels are in the closet in the bathroom, extra blankets right over there….and I’m across the hall if you need anything after you get in bed.”
Harley huffs out a small laugh, a spark of open amusement flickering across his features. Peter realizes what he’s said and doesn’t bother to hide his cringe. Why can’t he control himself around this guy?
“God, I just mean, open door policy and all that. I wasn’t trying to suggest—you know.”
“Shame,” Harley sighs dramatically. He lets go of his suitcase and looks through the window. “It’s a little bizarre seeing you, Peter. Tony talks about you non-stop. I was jealous when y’all first met, since I’d always been Tony’s favorite prodigy. He likes adopting us, obviously, but you’re something different than me. You’re actually his kid, you know?”
Peter isn’t sure what he’s supposed to say to that, and he doesn’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
teenagers in love
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Adopted Peter Parker
Married Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Family Feels
Angst
Fluff
Operation: Seduce Peter Parker
but also Operation: make him fall in love with me
Bisexual Peter Parker
Sex is heavily implied later
But this is NOT smut
but also they are teenagers
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Pepper potts is a good mom

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

