Chapter 1: One Step Forward
    




Chapter Text

 May 1st, 1949 - An Abandoned Alley in Queens 

It had been a hell of a day, to say the least.

It hadn’t quite ended from the day before. Agent Peggy Carter had just finished another mission, which had required a hell of a beatdown. The discovery of a woman who shared an eerie similarity to Dottie Underwood had caught their attention several months ago, and finally, tonight Peggy tracked her exact location and ran there with Mr. Jarvis at the wheel of the car. There was no time to call for backup and she needed to seize the opportunity to confront her before she vanished, just as Dottie had. For all she knew, this woman, named Genevieve Edwards, could be Dottie under another alias. She couldn’t risk losing her. Unfortunately, Genevieve - whom she quickly realized was not Dottie - was every bit as good as Dottie was in regards to combat skills. Peggy however, was never one to back down from a fight, which resulted in a prolonged stalemate of hand-to-hand combat that seemed to never end until Genevieve managed to throw Peggy against a wall of a building. Using this to her advantage, she grabbed a stray cable and used it to choke Peggy from behind. Though things had seemed grim as Peggy tried to wrestle herself free, a well-timed distraction had caught the woman off guard for enough time for Peggy to get loose and finish kicking her down.
Yes, the fact that Mr. Jarvis had snuck up behind the assailant and hit her with a pipe was rather fortunate indeed. After ensuring she was properly restrained with the cable that had been used to choke her, Peggy had called the SSR with her find as Mr. Jarvis attempted to analyze her wounds. She shrugged him off with the excuse that they couldn’t let their guard down for even a moment, even though Genevieve was restrained. She heard him mutter something about stubbornness, causing her to roll her eyes fondly at him. Chief Thompson arrived with a few other SSR agents very shortly after.
“Hey Carter, thanks for finally inviting us to the party,” Thompson said as his agents put the woman in the back of one of the cars.

“I’m sorry Jack, but I’m afraid your handwritten note must have gotten lost in the mail. I’ll be sure to put in a formal complaint with the post office,” she quipped. She couldn’t help but match Thompson’s smile at her comment.

“Good work, Carter,” he said sincerely.

“Thank you, chief,” she accepted gladly.

“We’ll take her back in, but you get home and get yourself cleaned up. Just because you caught another one of these Russian Red Room ladies doesn’t give mean I’m going to let you come in late, Agent,” he said firmly.

Peggy was used to the way that Jack always seemed to shift from moments of extreme sincerity to professionalism on a dime. In her years of knowing him, she never knew him to be able to hold sincerity for any remotely extended period of time, aside from their plane ride back from Russia. Even still with his rare moments of sincerity, he had vastly improved since their first days together in the SSR, and that was what mattered.

“I wouldn’t expect anything less, Chief,” she smiled at him and walked - only somewhat delicately - toward the car that Mr. Jarvis had pulled around. 

Jarvis drove her home, and she quietly thanked him. Though she didn’t specify what for, he knew. He told her to take care of her wounds, and perhaps even take the day. Peggy, never being one to take a day due to injury or illness, and much less because someone had told her to, Peggy simply smiled and told him to send Ana her best. 

Upon entering her flat, she looked at the clock and sighed. It was nearly 7am. So much for sleeping even a little. She decided to take the time instead to inspect her body and ensure that she wouldn’t need to stitch herself up (she didn’t), though she was sore all over. Afterward she carefully washed herself up, taking extra time to properly sanitize her open wounds, and changed into new clothes - a simple white button down long-sleeve shirt, black knee-length pencil skirt, and dark green blazer. She took extra care in her makeup, ensuring that the large purple bruise across her cheek was well covered up - she refused pity from anyone, and as the only female Agent in the SSR she knew she only needed to sneeze for that to happen. She couldn’t let them see any sign of weakness, ever.
 She had a quick cup of tea, grabbed her black hat, and began to walk to the SSR. On her way there, a man had forcefully knocked into her, causing her to stumble as her body screamed in pain, and her hat to fall off her head, where it landed in a large puddle. She muttered a few obscenities as she picked it up and tried to shake the water off. She carried it in her hand for the rest of the walk.
The work day itself began with a lack of files on her desk where there desperately needed to be. Due to this, Peggy had spent the morning tracking down the individual responsible, reprimanding him, and then going over those
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Action/Adventure
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
SHIELD
Canon Compliant
Grief/Mourning
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Reunions
Past Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character

