Chapter 1





Chapter Text

(“We’ll see you soon, okay, bud? It’s only a week. Just like last time.”)

 
-
 
Peter Parker is seven years old when Tony Stark looks into the camera, staring down the souls of every living person watching the broadcasted press conference, and tells the world that he’s Iron Man.
By this point, Peter already lives with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben, who are so very nice and lovely to him despite not being ready to raise a child when his parents dropped him off and promised to be back soon. Four year old Peter had blinked up at them, quite used to his parents leaving for business trips by that point and not feeling too upset about it despite always missing them while they were gone, and he had held May’s hand and nodded his head and murmured a little, “Okay.” Mary Parker pressed a kiss to the crown of his head and Richard Parker gave Peter that same warm smile that he always gave him before leaving – a don’t worry smile, a stay out of trouble smile, a see you soon smile.
One unexplainable plane crash later, and Peter never gets the chance to see his dad’s see you soon smile again. Now, three years down the line, he doesn’t really remember what it looks like, but he knows he’ll never forget this moment right here – him, with his hands pressed to the glass of the TV as his eyes go wide, his Aunt May on the phone in the hallway and his Uncle Ben cooking dinner in the kitchen. Neither of them are watching the news with him, are too busy, always busy, trying to balance parenthood that they never really agreed to (not that they would rather send Peter off, because they love him, but that doesn’t make it any less overwhelming) and finding better jobs because their incomes were comfortable for just the two of them, but with the added financial strain of a growing child, paying the bills is getting harder and harder as they struggle to make sure there’s enough food for the three of them on the table and that Peter has clothes that fit him right.
But Peter is watching the news, and he feels giddy, because Tony Stark just told the entire planet that he’s a superhero, and Peter has only heard of superheroes in blurry memories of Captain America bedtime stories that his parents would tell him in hushed whispers and gentle words, easing him to sleep, where he would dream of saving the world and being a hero, just like Steve Rogers.
And, apparently, just like Tony Stark.
The press conference comes to a quick end, and suddenly the screen is filled with a shocked looking news anchor stuttering through a rushed recap of what just happened, clearly trying to make sense of the situation, but Peter is already hopping to his feet and sprinting to the kitchen with a wide grin and a pep in his step. Ben gives him an amused look when he stumbles to a stop by his side and instantly starts tugging on Ben’s shirt, excitedly exclaiming, “Tony Stark’s a superhero, Uncle Ben!”
“I’m not sure about that,” Ben chuckles, not maliciously, but rather just uncertain. Some would call Tony Stark a hero, while others would claim him to be a monster, all because of the weaponry he provided to the military, but those people don’t say that anymore, ever since Stark announced that the weapons division of his company was being shut down immediately. The state of the public opinion on Tony Stark is up in the air, not a hero, but not a monster, either.
“He is!” Peter insists, nodding wildly and officially bouncing where he stands. “He just said! He’s Iron Man! Tony Stark is Iron Man and Iron Man is a superhero!”
Ben looks up, over the counter, and sees the news channel still on, the words on the screen backing up Peter’s statement. Smiling fondly, Ben ruffles Peter’s hair and tells him, “Looks like he just might be, Pete. Now go wash up, dinner’s almost ready, okay?”
And Peter feels a bit dazed for the rest of the day because there was a superhero out there and maybe superheroes like Iron Man, like Tony Stark, can stop plane crashes that no one can explain. Maybe superheroes can let kids like him have their parents come home when they’re supposed to come home. Maybe it’s too late for Mary and Richard Parker – and maybe it’s too late for Peter Parker, too – but with Tony Stark, it won’t be too late for others, and that makes Peter happy as he sits at the kitchen table and eats his dinner and thinks about Iron Man saving the world.
 
 
 
 
As it turns out, it’s not too late for heroes like Iron Man to save kids like Peter Parker.
It’s 2010, and there’s something really cool happening that Peter really wants to go to. He begs his Uncle Ben and his Aunt May, promises that he’ll do extra chores and even offers to make dinner for a while even though he only really knows how to make sandwiches and toast, but his enthusiasm and insistence is enough to make his aunt and uncle share a smile and nod their agreement. Peter’s admiration of Tony Stark has been evident since the day he revealed himself as Iron Man, an admiration that has grown f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker

freeform: 
there will be more people but i'll add the tags when i update the fic
this fic talks about death
Mostly Canon Compliant
vague descriptions of sexual assault towards a minor
Minor Character Death
harley keener has daddy issues
peter parker has a guilt complex larger than the universe
can he blame himself? he sure can!
harley is soft and southern and peter is soft and emotional and i love them
Kissing
Guilt
Hurt/Comfort
gunshot wound
its peter tho so he heals dw
Two boys kissing
they are so gone for each other
dumbasses are so fucking smitten

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker

