Work Text:
It’s a testament to how exhausted his counterpart is that he doesn’t even notice Steve lounging on his couch until he has toed off his boots and is halfway into the living room.Steve understands. It’s been over a decade, but the serum has left him with eerily perfect recall. He remembers only too well how exhausted he was after the Chitauri, the fight followed by search and rescue, a quick debrief, then more damage control. None of the accompanying feelings remain; they’re just images, flashing by his mind like someone else’s life.This Steve must have got it even harder, what with Loki vanishing alongside the tesseract.Steve’s not surprised when Younger Steve – he really needs a better name for the guy – has his shield up and ready to be flung a second after he becomes aware of the intruder in his home.“I’m still not Loki,” Steve tells Younger Ste – Steve Junior? Fuck no. Captain? No way he’s calling himself that. Rogers then. Nice and simple.“I don’t believe you,” Rogers tells him, perfectly composed except for the thinning of his lips. Lines of exhaustion are etched onto his face, and his body is held so rigid by sheer, damning willpower. If it comes to a fight between them, Steve can take him, but he would really rather not have this conversation with his younger self tied to a chair. That’s just mean, and Bucky would frown at him.Speaking of Bucky – maybe he had the right idea.“Our mother’s name was Sarah. We used to wear newspapers in our shoes. Our first kiss was Bucky Barnes. He was seventeen, we were sixteen, we told him we were curious, that it was practice. We fucked in the war, said it was soldiers letting out tension because it was easier than telling him we’ve been in love with him since we were ten. We should have. He felt the same.”The shield drops to the ground with a metallic clang, and Rogers stares at Steve like he’s seeing a ghost.“I told you Bucky was alive,” Steve continues, milking the shock factor before the inevitable barrage of questions. “It’s the truth.”Rogers looks very much like he’d like to just collapse. He’s shaking a little, hands clenching and unclenching into fists. Steve’s tempted to go over and give himself a well-deserved hug, but he’s not sure it will be appreciated. He wouldn’t have, back then.“I’m sorry for dumping it all on you like this,” Steve tells him gently. “But I need you to believe me. We don’t have much time. You’re being watched, but the battle has bought us some time. I’ve stripped this place of all surveillance tech for now.”He nods at the small pile of bugs heaped on the table in front of the couch. There’s not many of them, likely because they thought Steve to be either trusting of them or incapable of rooting out modern spying devices. The truth was that he was too damn tired to care, but the end result was what S.H.I.E.L.D desired.Rogers gapes at the devices, eyes wide for a moment before his jaw sets in that familiar way. Steve’s seen that stubborn jut in the mirror too many times to count, and it brings to mind how Bucky would react with fond exasperation, how Sam would sigh resignedly, how Nat would roll her eyes – except that she won’t, ever again.He pushes that thought away before Rogers returns his attention to Steve.“Who are you?”“Steven Grant Rogers. I’m you, from 11 years in the future.” Steve stands up, and to his credit, Rogers neither backs up nor picks up the shield. “In 2023, the Avengers were forced to use time travel to save the universe. We weren’t supposed to change the past, but you know what they say about plans. Shit happens. This is one of the new timelines we accidentally created. And I figured, since things have changed anyway, I might as well fuck things up for the better.”There’s a long silence.“You curse a lot.”Steve blinks, caught off guard in spite of himself.“So do you, pal.”“Captain America doesn’t,” Rogers says with a crooked smirk devoid of humor. “Or so I’ve been told.”“This damned country’s idea of Captain America can crawl up a hole and shrivel,” Steve tells him because he’s full of perspective these days. “And Steve Rogers has never met a rule he hasn’t wanted to break.”Rogers blinks, once, twice, and then he laughs, low and exhausted but genuine.“Y’know, I think I’ll like this future you’re from.”“Oh, no, you’ll hate it. But I’m here so it doesn’t happen, not here, not to you guys. Sit down. We gotta talk.”Rogers hesitates, glancing between Steve and the shield. His eyes keep straying to the listening devices too, anger tightening his expression. In the end, he decides to sit next to Steve on the couch, but he brings the shield too, which is wise, all things considered.“It was you on the bridge. Not Loki.” Rogers is looking sideways at Steve, his words a statement, not a question. “I’ve been thinking about it, trying to wrap my mind around the whole thing. It makes sense now. Your shield, the way you used it. Your strength. And – and Bucky.”Steve puts a hand on Rogers’s knee and keeps it there even whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Multiverse
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Implied/Referenced Sex
References to Canonical Character Death
References to D/s Relationships
Canon-Typical Violence
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Possessive Behavior
Not Enough Selfcest to Warrant the Tag
Minor Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers
Past Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Fix-It
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

