Work Text:
Tony stared.It was the only reaction he could manage because Peter was a baby. Not in the sense that he and Stephen referred to the boy, but an actual pint-sized human being. He allowed the boy to go on a mission with some of the Avengers after a good amount of begging from the teen, and that was only because Rhodey would be there.But Peter did not come back the same way he left.When the group got back, Clint approached him in the common room looking like he was walking to his execution, and held up his hands.Don't freak out, he had said. Before he could even ask what the archer was talking about, the rest of the group walked in and the billionaire's attention immediately honed in on the toddler at Natasha's waist. Wide, brown doe eyes meet his gaze before a bright smile plasters itself on Peter's face, and the child enthusiastically reaches for him."Daddy!"Tony took the boy without a second thought."Pete..."
"Want Mama."Tony looks over his shoulder at Stephen to find the man still meditating--or projecting, he wasn't sure--and he was rather glad. Once the sorcerer was aware of Peter's current predicament, Mama Bear would come out and that was scary. Hell hath no fury like a protective Stephen Strange."He's busy baby." Tony situates him onto a hip and then glares at the others. "What happened?!"
Steve winces. "Alien tech. The effect will wear off in a couple of days."
"It better or you'll wish you were a popsicle again!"Peter squirms in Tony's arms until the genius finally relents and sets him down, only to regret his decision. The boy quickly makes his way over to Strange and climbs onto crossed legs and everyone watches in nervous apprehension when blue eyes snap open. Stephen silently studies the child in his lap and when realization dawns on the man, he gives the group across the room an icy glare. All but Tony cringe at the intensity."Explain." The sorcerer snaps.
"It's temporary babe. I already yelled at them."
Stephen stands with Peter in his arms, making a point to ignore everyone but the child. "Are you hungry Spiderling?"
"Hungry!" Tony watches the two disappear into the adjoining kitchen before returning his attention to the others. Steve and Clint watch him anxiously, Rhodey was giving him an apologetic look, and Natasha was...expressionless, as per usual. With a heavy sigh, the mechanic waves them away."Just...leave before Mama Bear comes out completely. I'll let you know when Peter's back to normal." When the others start to protest, Tony raises an eyebrow. "Unless you want to be tossed in another dimension."
Clint, Steve, and Natasha turn to the elevator without another word but Rhodey looks at him with a frown. "I'm sorry Tones. It was meant for me but Peter took it instead."
That was sadly believable. "Just get some rest Honey Bear."He didn't really blame the colonel, but he wasn't going to accept the apology until he had his chatterbox teenager back. So with a sigh, Rhodey joins the others in the elevator, and when the doors close, Tony joins Stephen and Peter in the kitchen. If it was physically possible, the scene he walked in on would have had him melting into a puddle of goo. Stephen was sitting at the table with Peter happily munching on a banana on one of the man's thighs, and the man himself was reading a book laid out on the table. Half-asleep Peter had the right idea calling the sorcerer Mom. Stephen certainly acted like one when the kid was involved."How long do we have a baby?" Stephen asks as he turns a page.
Tony sits across from him and shrugs. "Capsicle says a couple days. Give or take. Think Peter will remember any of this?"
Peter looks up at the mention if his name and sucks on banana covered fingers until Stephen grabs a napkin and wipes them clean. "It's possible. Why? Do you plan on embarrassing him?"
"I haven't decided yet."______________Stephen was tasked with going to the store to get their temporary baby some much needed items since Peter decided that he was going to quite literally stick to the sorcerer. It did make holding him a lot easier for Stephen since his hands couldn't lift much more than a few books, and all he really had to do was hold his arm in a way that it actually looked like he was holding Peter. Like now. At the store, in the middle of the baby aisle.He honestly never thought he would be in this position. Staring at a huge assortment of diapers, with a small child babbling in his ear about something, but Peter had gotten too excited and actual words turned into nonsense. He could almost hear Wong laughing. Bastard."Stephen?"Oh god. The sorcerer looks to the end of the aisle and finds Christine staring at him. "Christine." He replies slowly before turning his attention to the headache inducing diaper collection.
"Sorry...I'm not going to pretend I don't see you in the baby aisle with an actual baby. When did that happen?"
"A year ago?"
Christine gives him a look. "He's older than that."
"Precisely. He's a sixteen-year-old in the body of a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange

