Work Text:
Monica Warren loves her job. Physics is her passion, and sharing it with the best and brightest students New York has to offer is how she has chosen to spend her life. Seeing students thirst for knowledge, and the joy in their faces when they find something that sparks their interest is so fulfilling she can’t imagine wanting to pursue a different career. Many physicists are devoted to pure physical science, viewing other people as a vaguely annoying side issue, but Monica is not one of them. Physics makes the world go round, but the reason the world needs to go round is the people. Seeing young people grow to appreciate the complexities of the world is the most rewarding thing she has ever experienced. She is, at heart, a teacher, and she loves it. Mostly.There is a buzzing from her desk drawer. She sighs, looking up at her class as they work silently through a particularly tricky question she has posed them. Well, most of them are working. It’s the last class of the day, so it’s hard to get the kids to concentrate. Michelle Jones is reading a novel, not even attempting to hide it. Flash Thompson has already finished and is tapping his fingers impatiently on his desk. She’s been trying to get through to him for months to slow down and check his work for mistakes. He could be a very good student if he wasn’t so desperate to win. Ned Leeds and Peter Parker are whispering to each other about a Lego spaceship of some kind, clearly audible in the quiet room. They’re good kids, those two, but easily distracted and both exhibiting some behavioural issues recently. She’d had to discipline Ned for inappropriate use of the computer lab recently, and Peter – well Peter has been off all year. She’s already taken Peter’s phone away from him today. He’d been watching Spider-Man videos during her lecture. Her class is too easy for him and he doesn’t need to listen to her long explanations and multiple examples to understand physics principles. He almost always gets the answer right when she calls on him, regardless of how little attention he has been paying, and his test scores would be perfect if he was a little more thorough about showing his working. He has an internship at Stark Industries which he seems to prioritise above all else. It’s not very clear what he does there, the internship paperwork being very sparse. The job description consists of the word “intern” and nothing else, but it’s a genuine contract so she can’t ask too many questions about how much science he’s actually learning.The buzzing in her drawer is getting louder. Usually, if a confiscated phone rings, she just leaves it and the caller gives up, but not this time. She opens the drawer. Peter’s phone is vibrating violently and flashing blue light. She picks it up, pressing the button to turn it off. A clear, female voice rings out. “Biometrics not recognized. You do not have the authority to operate this phone.” At the back of the room, Peter Parker’s head jerks up. Monica presses the off button again. The voice says, “Peter, are you alright? Shall I activate instant ki-”“NO! No! Karen, do not activate instant kill!” Peter’s voice sounds shrill with panic, probably embarrassed about having his role-playing game accidentally playing for the whole class to hear. Teenagers worry too much about that sort of thing, Monica thinks. Far too caught up in the opinions of others for their own good. Each to their own is her philosophy. Her brother does medieval live action role play and loves it.Peter is out of his seat, hurrying to the front of the class. “She’s just my teacher, I repeat, do not activate instant kill!”“I’m glad to hear that, Peter,” the phone says, “deactivating instant kill mode.”The phone continues to buzz in Monica’s hand. It’s a new model she doesn’t recognise, and apparently will only respond to Peter. “Peter, turn this phone off immediately and return to your worksheet,” she orders in her most authoritative teacher-voice. “This has caused quite enough disruption.” Sure enough, not a single student is concentrating on their work anymore.Peter takes the phone from her. “Karen, turn the phone off,” he orders it.“Peter, Mr Stark is calling you. Shall I answer the call?” The phone voice says, ignoring Peter’s instruction.“I can’t talk right now, I’m in class,” Peter tells his phone, “My teacher wants me to turn off the phone.”Monica looks at Peter in astonishment, firstly that Tony Stark himself is calling her student and secondly that Peter is declining the call from the single most influential living man in any scientific field.“Answering video call from Iron Man,” The phone ignores him completely in favour of picking up the call.“No, Karen!” Peter protests, “I said turn off! I’m in class!”This is wildly interesting to Monica, because it’s the first time ever Peter has shown any willingness to comply with the no phones in class rule, and it’s when someone she knows is a hero of his is calling.“Tony Stark has initiated baby monit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
teacher pov
POV Outsider
Interns & Internships
There is no such thing as Endgame
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Nerd Peter Parker
Nerd Tony Stark
but that's a good thing
Stark Industries

fandom: 
None
