Work Text:
The thing is, Tony’s not actually that awful of a guy.Objectively speaking, some of the things he says, some of the things he does- well, people take them out of context to paint a picture of a much worse, much more disgusting person.But there’s absolutely nothing wrong with inviting the kid over to his for the night, every once in a while. And if “every once in a while” means “about once a week”, well. The only people who’d notice that detail are people who are way too invested in Tony’s personal life.There’s absolutely nothing wrong with giving the kid a few drinks- because listen, he’s gonna be drinking anyway, and Tony would much rather the kid drink under his roof, under his supervision. And he’d much rather the kid drink something  good. So sure, it’s against the law, but objectively speaking he’s doing a service to the world by pouring out the sweetest rum punch this side of the Atlantic every week and handing it off to a kid who can’t even drive.And there’s  absolutely nothing wrong with letting the kid snuggle up to him whenever he finds the chance. This one he’s adamant about. He can see arguments being made for the other two; he’s taking away the kid’s time with his blood family, or he’s- yes- breaking a literal law. But this?He’s not the one who initiates it, okay?Peter’s the one who curls up in his lap on the couch, or on the bed, whenever he sees the opportunity. Peter’s the one who brings a set of pajamas- or ‘forgets’ to and borrows Tony’s clothes instead.  Peter’s the one who crosses the distance between them when the time’s crawled to night and they’re out of the kitchen, out of the lab, winding down on the couch. Peter’s the one who’ll nudge and adjust until his face pushes up soft and needy against Tony’s chest. Peter’s the one who’ll hook his fingers around Tony’s shirt and tug at it while he yawns. Peter’s the one who’ll sneak his legs until they’re tangled with Tony’s, legs so short that his ankles end up on Tony’s shins.So really.  Really. Tony’s not the one at fault.“You like it?”Peter takes a cautious sip. He nods, then hesitates and shudders a little. Tony snorts, leaning on the couch armrest. He crosses his legs, feet propped on the ottoman in front of them. “Yeah," Tony says, “it’ll do that.”“What is that?” Peter looks into the glass curiously, as if he’ll find a label swimming in the drink.“Bailey’s,” Tony says. “Irish Cream.”“It’s…” Peter trails off. Tony watches, eyes dark, as Peter licks his lips. “Nice,” Peter decides. “A little- yknow, alcohol-y. But it’s got a good aftertaste.” He gulps down another mouthful of his chocolate-cream drink. “I like this,” he says, swallowing it down. “I really like this one.”“Thought you might.” Tony reaches out to mess his hair up- one of his favorite pastimes. Peter’s hair has just a hint of curl in it; not enough to give him real curls, but enough to make it stick out in different directions when he hasn’t brushed or washed it in a day. At Tony’s hand in his hair, Peter sighs, relaxing a little further into the couch. Tony watches as his shoulders drop, as his eyes go a little stupid.“What?” Peter says, laughing a little. When Tony just shrugs and says nothing, Peter sticks out his tongue.  “What?” “Nothing, kitty-cat,” Tony says, flopping a lock of Peter’s hair between his eyes. Peter bats it out of his face, sputtering.“What did you just call me?” He almost spills his drink, but saves it at the last second. “I’m not a  cat.” “Well,” Tony says defensively. “You curl up like one. You like it when I scratch your head. And-” He nods to the glass in Peter’s hand, “apparently you like cream.”Peter snorts. “You’re so weird.”“Comes with being a genius.” Tony sighs melodramatically. “It’s the cross I have to bear.”Peter brings his drink to his lips again, and when the glass pulls away, it’s empty.“Whoa,” Tony says, “that was fast.”“Was I not supposed to drink the whole thing?” Peter asks cheekily, wiggling the empty glass.“Hey, where do you think you are?” Tony gestures around, at the rest of the living room that’s adorned with art, paintings, drink trays. “You’re in my house, kiddo. No worrying about what you’re ‘supposed to do’, all right?”Tony’s a simple man. He speaks the love language of gifts, which is a convenient language if you have millions of dollars to your name. But he gets a rush of pleasure whenever one of his gifts is well received. And now he watches Peter lick the inside rim of his glass, desperate for more of Tony’s present, and smug pride curls in his stomach. Peter must sense it, because he twists his neck to look up at Tony with big wide eyes, and says, “Do you have more?”Two more drinks later, Peter’s giggling himself silly leaning on the kitchen counter, seconds away from dropping Tony’s favorite glass on the floor. Tony swoops in, snatches it out of his hand, and sets it on a shelf too high for Peter to reach- at least without climbing the walls.“Whoa there,” he says, catching Peter’s chest as he stumbles forwa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
dubcon
Drunk Sex
First Time
Somnophilia
Anal Fingering
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
in that order
Multiple Orgasms
Creampie
Come Swallowing
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

