Chapter 1: An Engagement
    


Notes:
In this AU, it's Edwardian times, so like 1910 (think Titanic-era). The US government has free elections for congress, but all 100 senate positions (2 per state just like in real life) are and always have been inherited titles. So the 100 senate positions belong to 100 families that are basically like American Royalty. Senators carry tiles of Lordship and Ladyship and are highly esteemed and carry celebrity status.In addition to this, the relationship ideal most people aim for is a married triad of Alpha/Beta/Omega. Alphas are the head of the household, and domestic discipline is common. Finally, I took a lot of inspiration from /Of Broken Dreams and Mended Hearts/ by Kellyscams for this story and for the series of which it's a part. There are tons of differences and the story is my own, but I really felt that her work needed to be acknowledged as a strong influencing factor, since that story she wrote was SO good and I got so much inspiration and enjoyment from reading it. I wholeheartedly encourage everybody to go check it out!




Chapter Text
Bucky sits despondently on one of the front parlor’s settees. “Nobody,” he tells his mother, but of course she already knew that was the answer to her question. Bucky hasn’t had interest in courting anyone, and nobody in society has expressed any interest in him. Not since his accident, leastways. His now-lame arm and the scarring that creeps up the left side of his neck have managed to dampen the interest he used to get from suiters. “I don’t want to marry, certainly not now. I’m seventeen for Christ’s sake.”Winnifred sighs, the pen that she’s had poised in-hand lowering. “James, I love you and I’m sorry, but now is when you have to do it. You’re done with finishing school and thank god for that. You need to do this.”“Why?”Bucky’s mother has never been one to suffer his bullshit. She shoots him a glare. “You know why. It’s only a matter of time before your father’s misconduct is made public knowledge. Once Frank Castle—”“Don’t say his name.” “Once that man testifies before congress, your father is sure to be ousted. Weapons smuggling, James? You’ll be completely ineligible. No one will have you.”“No one like us, you mean. Not everyone has to marry into the Senate, mother,” Bucky snaps. “Christ, we’re probably all inbred at this point.”“James!”“I have plans. I want to go to university.” He throws his hands up. “Who even marries their beta first anyway?! What’s wrong with this guy that he can’t find an omega?”“Please,” his mother scoffs. “Captain Rogers is a very reputable gentleman.”“You don’t know him!” Bucky stands up from the couch, walking restlessly over to the fireplace. “Please tell me you haven’t written to him already?” Winnifred tenses, but then she seems to steel herself and she nods tersely. Bucky curses. “Mother!”“It needs to be done, James. There are no other prospects and Captain Rogers—”“Ugh, stop calling him that. What’s his name?”Winnie purses here lips. “He’s the Lord Steven of House Rogers, and you will be respectful, James.”Bucky huffs. “Well I’m the Lord James of House Barnes and I—”“You’re the lord of nothing!” Winnie snaps, standing up from her chair at the writing desk. She’s glaring at Bucky now. “And you never will be, if you don’t marry this man. We’re about to lose everything. Your father has seen to that. Soon, House Barnes won’t exist. There will be elections—elections, James! Can you even believe it? We’ll all be common.”Bucky looks away. “What’s so wrong with that?” he mumbles.“Maybe nothing for you. Maybe you could manage, go off to university and make something of yourself anyway, but think of your sisters. They won’t be able to marry well and they’re omega, so what are they supposed to do? Take positions as shop girls? Ladies’ maids?”Bucky’s heart lurches and his eyes shoot back to his mother. “That’s not fair.”Winnie’s features soften in sympathy. “I know, sweetheart, I know.” She gets up and comes over to him, the long hem of her dress brushing the carpet as she goes. She pulls him into a hug and Bucky can’t help but to lean into her. “Oh, Bucky,” Winnie says, using his nickname for once. “You’ve always been such a little grownup. Sometimes I forget how young you really are. But life isn’t fair, and I’m afraid this might be where you have to start learning that.”“Don’t make me do this, mom,” Bucky whispers into the perfumed fall of her hair. Even as he’s saying it though, he knows it’s a lost cause. His father broke the law in a massive way and got caught, and as soon as word gets out, they’ll be ousted from their Senatorial position. Bucky and his sisters will inherit nothing, and it’ll be the scandal of the century. The Barnes’ have held one of New Jersey’s two seats since the inception of the Senate. A hundred and twenty years of tradition down the toilet because of Bucky’s stupid father. “Please,” he says softly. “There has to be something else we can do.”“It’ll be alright,” Winnie tell
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky Barnes
Arranged Marriage
Edwardian Period
Period-Typical Underage
Hate to Love
Domestic Discipline
Traditional Marriage: Head of Household
Loss of Virginity
Alternate Universe - Steampunk
Class Differences
Honeymoon
Dom/sub Undertones
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Anal Sex
Spanking
Strapping
Dubious Consent
Masturbation Interruptus

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

