Chapter 1



Notes:
This chapter contains fisting, anal gaping, anal plugs, and double anal penetration (Loki and a clone penetrating Thor).




Chapter Text
"Can you take another?" Loki asks, and that is how it starts.Thor is sprawled out on his back before him, his knees drawn up and spread wide. Tonight Loki has his fingers buried inside of his brother, and he wants to see Thor open up for him and take even more. He loves the way Thor's body is so naturally pliant, so capable. He wants to test Thor's limits. He wants to give Thor everything, if Thor will have it.It took months just to talk Thor into letting Loki touch him this way. Once that line was crossed, Loki was surprised to find that Thor didn't just allow Loki to penetrate him, but he truly enjoyed it. There is nothing more potent than seeing his strong and mighty brother, bent to his whim and eager for whatever Loki can give to him. Now Loki has fucked him several times and fully introduced him to the joys of having his ass played with. Now they do more than play.Thor rolls his hips against Loki's hand, greedy for more, but he is already so full.  Loki has three fingers crooked into his brother's slick hole.  He knows Thor can take another.  He edges his little finger against the rim of Thor's entrance, teasing the stretched skin. He stays steady while Thor twists his hips and groans."I... I'm not sure," Thor gasps, looking doubtful.  His pupils are blown wide with lust."Just a little more," Loki says, stroking his brother's lovely thighs.  "I know you can do this for me."He does.Thor comes hard with four fingers stuffed in his ass.…The next night, Loki's manages to push four fingers and the extra width of his knuckles into his brother.Thor comes twice.…The night after, Loki gets his thumb inside with the rest. The pressure is incredible.  Loki clenches his fist inside his brother's body. Thor clenches his inner muscles around his brother's wrist.…It's difficult work, attaining such a stretch. Loki spends hours in between sessions coating Thor's reddened hole with a healing salve. He teases with his fingers, circling against sensitive skin and pressing until Thor can hardly bear it. Other times, Loki pushes Thor's thighs up and soothes him with his tongue instead.…The first time Thor comes with Loki's fist in his ass, he collapses from the intensity of it. Loki cannot contain his lust – having Thor accept so much drives him over the edge. He jerks himself hard over Thor's back, spattering him with his seed. After only a moment's rest, Loki is hard again, and ruts into Thor's slack body, until they both come a second time.Thor's orgasms are staggering with Loki's hand inside of him, but the sensation itself – of being so stretched, so open and full – is addicting. Thor feels so well used, he needs an encore.The next night, Loki opens him up again, somewhat more easily. He slides his cock against the rim of Thor's hole, where it's stretched tight around his hand. After Thor climaxes, Loki makes him keep his ass lifted into the air. He rubs his fingers against Thor's hole, and slips them inside, admiring how Thor's body gapes open for him now, how loose his once-virgin brother has become. Loki presses inside in one quick thrust, even more aroused by the way Thor's body is lax around his cock. He can rub himself against Thor's inner walls, but there is little pressure, little tightness left.  Loki thrusts into Thor for several long minutes, enjoying the strange sensation, and then pulls out. With just a couple strokes, Loki comes directly on Thor's open hole. He smears his seed across the reddened muscle with the tip of his cock, and then uses it to push his come inside of Thor's body. When he's done, he licks Thor clean, enjoying the way his tongue sinks into Thor with no resistance whatsoever.…Loki kisses him after, thanks Thor for doing this for him. He considers it almost like a mountain that they've climbed, something to check off an imaginary list without need of revisiting. For Thor, it's a new possibility that he wants to linger in. He's far from had enough.They try to resume normal lovemaking, but Thor aches for more.  A week later, he asks Loki for his fist again, and Loki obliges.  It takes another two nights to work up to it, but Thor has never felt so fulfilled in his life.  And Loki loves to give Thor as much as he can take.…After Loki makes Thor come on his fist, he withdraws his hand and replaces it with his cock.  Loki isn't exceptionally large, he isn't enough to really fill Thor after being so stretched, and that's what he comes to love about this.  His brother's hole is so loose after taking his entire hand.  Thor's ass gapes open for him.  Loki can slip into Thor without hesitation, rutting hard and deep into his open body.  Thor feels like some whore's slack cunt – soft and wet, his inner walls trying to clench around him.  It makes Thor squirm, trying to find more friction and failing, his body far too open.Loki knows his cock 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Fisting
Double Penetration
Anal Plug
Bottom Thor
Filthy PWP
Anal Gaping
Object Insertion
Somnophilia
Double Anal Penetration
double fisting
Figging

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

