Work Text:
Bucky’s been at the Avengers Tower for three weeks before he finally gives in to Steve’s gentle coaxing and Stark’s cheerful waving of fistfuls of circuits, and lets them scan the arm.It doesn’t go well.“Just rip it off,” Bucky says, and he’s not panicked. Panic is something that’s been beaten and burned out of him. But he does put a hand to the join at his shoulder, dig his fingers in and start pulling. Steve makes a distinctly panicked sound and pulls Bucky’s bloodied fingers away.Bucky lets Steve press gauze to his shoulder. His breathing rate is slightly higher than optimal, but the bleeding stops quickly.“Okay, one: that was freaky, you know that, right?” Stark has both his hands held out, as though to distance himself. Understandable, given that Bucky has apparently been leaking increasingly dangerous levels of unknown radiation from his arm this entire time. High enough that even a supersoldier might be affected. That a human certainly would. “Two, this is why we scanned your arm to begin with, and it’s not as simple as ripping it off. Pretty sure that will lead to A) you dying and B) explosions.”Bucky thinks, put me back down in the ice. Put me deep down where I won’t hurt anyone ever again. Get me out of here.But it’s been a year of running, and yelling at each other on rooftops, and saving Steve from the stupid, stupid shit he gets up to when Bucky’s not there to drag him out of it. And he thinks Steve means it when he says wherever Bucky goes, Steve’s gonna follow.It pisses him off. It makes him feel—uncomfortable. Too warm. Frantic, because he’s stuck here now, stuck in this fucked-up mess of a head and warzone of a body, because that’s what Steve needs. Bucky needs Steve to be okay, and Steve needs Bucky to be okay, and isn’t that a fucker.Deep freeze is out. Brute force, blunt removal: also out. Bucky doesn’t know what else to do. He’s not designed for finesse, not like this.“We’ll get it off, but these things must be done delicately,” Stark is saying, twirling a tool in his human fingers and looking at the arm pensively.“Are you the Wicked Witch of the West in this scenario?” Steve asks with careful lightness, head tilting, perfect eyebrow rising. His hands are rubbing Bucky’s shoulder, tracing patterns. A star. A crescent moon. A sun. Bucky tries to focus on that, and not his pulse roaring in his ears. “Gotta admit, Buck would look great in ruby red slippers.”Bucky thinks he’s had enough red for a lifetime, but he doesn’t say anything, just stares at metal fingers and tries to think. Tries to imagine a world where he doesn’t have this thing attached to him. It seems impossible.“Sure thing, Toto. Add that to the list. So, here’s the plan: we’ll give you some good ol’ juice of the poppy, detach the armed bomb—oh, come on, that was hilarious! We’ll gussy you up while we’re at it. Attach a new arm with a clean power source and give you pigtails and blue gingham. Everyone wins!”“Give me what juice,” Bucky says flatly, and Stark takes a step backwards.“Asgardian poppy,” he clarifies quickly. “Thor assures me that you’ll feel no pain! Besides, Steve gave it a go last week, and all it did was turn him into a snoozy puppy—not literally, but you remember.”Steve draped over Bucky in the common room while Star Trek played, drooling on Bucky’s shoulder, mumbling about space pants. It’d been nice. Quiet. Simple, threat levels minimal. Nice to card through Steve’s hair carefully.Snoozy puppy is not an inaccurate description. Just one Bucky can’t ever imagine applying to himself.Also.Bucky glares at Steve. “Steve. You said you’d just had a hard workout with Natasha and Thor.”Steve scratches his head and looks at Bucky sheepishly from under his bangs. Bucky refuses to let the flood of fond memory that ensues soften his outrage. Fucker never learned, always flung himself on grenades and into experiments and through fire. What did Bucky have to do to make him stop?“Well, kinda? Mostly we took shots. I just wanted to make sure it wouldn’t hurt you before you tried it.” Now Steve’s making doe eyes, toeing the ground in front of him. Bucky knows he’s being played like a piano, loud and obvious, and is aggravated that it seems to still be working. Working all the better for Steve showing his hand so deliberately.Bucky tables the self-preservation argument, because he knows that tactically, it’d be way too easy for Steve turn that blade back on him. But he’s still feeling prickly and hurt. Nasty.“Not real pleased you guys’ve been sneaking around behind my back all this time, pal,” Bucky growls, and it’s true. He’s not proud that Steve flinches, but still feels a vicious vindication all the same. He hates feeling that. He hates feeling anything. It’s hard. It hurts. “How long have you been discussing this op without me?”“Uh, when was it that you called me about Operation Arm, Steve? Was it—yes, it was, right about when you were getting chased by nurses as you and Sam tried to flee the hospital in your deli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Painkillers
High Horny Snuzzly!Bucky
General reference to violence and torture
Mild exhibitionism/voyeurism?
Tony Gets A Show
A New Arm For Bucky
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

