Work Text:
Tony walks into the kitchen Monday morning to see his five-year-old daughter standing on her tiptoes on a chair, attempting to reach a small cardboard box inside the open freezer.“What is this, a heist?” he asks, moving towards Morgan. He loops an arm around her middle and lifts her into his arms, planting a quick kiss on the top of her head and causing the little girl to giggle. “I thought Mommy said no juice pops before noon.”“It’s for Peter,” she says simply.“Oh it’s for Peter, is it?” he asks, quirking an eyebrow. “And why does Peter need a juice pop at ten in the morning?”“Because he doesn’t feel good and juice pops always make me feel better,” Morgan concludes.Tony’s brow furrows, but he just steps closer to the freezer to allow her to reach into the box properly. Now that he thinks about it, Peter had seemed pretty wiped last night, but he’d brushed it off as midterm exam stress. “I think he likes the orange ones best,” he advises.Morgan fishes out an orange popsicle and Tony lowers her back down to the floor. She skips off down the hall, around the corner, and all the way to the cabin’s guest bedroom where the kid has been staying for the past two days since MIT spring break had officially begun. Tony follows along, his frown deepening when she continues straight through the room and pushes open the slightly ajar door to the ensuite bathroom.It’s a sorry sight indeed. Peter is slumped on the floor, propped up between the bathtub and toilet, eyes half-closed and his cheek resting on the edge of the bowl. One arm is wrapped around his stomach and he’s pale and sweaty.Morgan, bless her heart, runs right over to him. “I got you a juice pop!” she says brightly.Peter blinks up at her and then swallows thickly before offering her the weakest of smiles. “Oh. Thanks,” he croaks. “Uh, do you think you can do me a big favor and eat it for me?”Spinning around, Morgan gazes up at Tony, her eyes big. “Can I?”Despite his growing concern, Tony huffs out a quick laugh. “Sure, why not,” he agrees. Pepper is the one always reminding him to choose his battles after all. “We’ll just keep this one to ourselves.”As Morgan unwraps the plastic from her popsicle, Peter closes his eyes tightly and swallows again, face draining even further of color.Tony pats Morgan on the shoulder. “Hey, why don’t you go eat that with Uncle Happy? I’m gonna sit here with Peter for a little while.”“Okay,” she agrees, spinning around on her heel.The moment she’s gone, Tony’s attention turns back to his other kid, who is looking even more miserable now. “Not feeling so hot, huh?”Peter shakes his head slightly, letting his eyelids squeeze shut again. “‘M’sorry,” he murmurs.If Peter didn’t look so pathetic right now, Tony would have rolled his eyes. Instead, he just lets out a small sigh. “Not your fault, kid,” he assures. “Did you throw up?”“Not yet,” Peter mumbles, then swallows again. “Just... feel really sick.”“C’mon, Happy’s tuna casserole wasn’t  that  bad…” he tries to joke, but it falls flat when Peter doesn’t so much as smirk.Tony steps further into the bathroom and crouches down beside the kid, wincing as his knees click in protest. “What's hurting? Is it just your stomach?”“I dunno.” Peter shrugs tiredly. “Kinda ache all over...”Tony places his hand on the back of Peter’s neck and instantly can feel the heat radiating off the kid’s sweaty skin.Peter shivers at the touch. “Your hand is really cold,” he complains.“Nah, you’re just warm,” Tony disagrees, moving his hand to press to Peter’s forehead instead. He sighs and pushes himself back up to standing. “Think you’ll be okay here for a few minutes?”“Yeah, ‘course,” Peter croaks, looking a little guilty. “You really don’t have to stay. I know you’re busy…”“Ah, see that’s the beauty of the retired stay-at-home-dad life,” Tony retorts, straightening back up to standing. “This is literally my job now.”Before Peter has a chance to dwell too much on that response, Tony exits the room and heads to the master bathroom to locate the thermometer, and then to his lab to grab the bottle of spidey-kid-strength painkiller and fever reducer pills he and Bruce had concocted. Hopefully, they wouldn’t have to use them—he knows Peter hates the way the meds knock him on his ass and make his thoughts fuzzy and disconnected—but he figures it would be good to have them on hand just in case.After making a quick detour through the kitchen for a can of ginger ale and some crackers, he heads back to the guest room, quickening his pace when he hears the telltale sound of retching and splashing issuing from the bathroom.“Aw, Pete…” He winces in sympathy at the gagging boy. Peter’s nose is running and his eyes are red and wet with tears.“Flu was going 'round the dorm last week,” Peter moans as Tony sets the items down on the counter and wets a washcloth at the sink. “Thought I lucked out. Guess not.”Tony places a hand on the kid’s sweaty t-shirt to start rubbing circles on his back. But he freezes instantly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Morgan Stark

freeform: 
Sickfic
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Whump
Sick Peter Parker
Influenza
Vomiting
Disney Movies
Tea Parties
Nightmares
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
basically i harvested the parts i liked from endgame and left the rest
Stark Lake House

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Morgan Stark

