Work Text:
It was an itch he couldn't scratch.His spider senses had been going off all week and it was making him restless. He taps his pen against his desk and his leg bounces as he constantly looks up from his notes and around the classroom in a paranoid frenzy. He had to calm down. It could be something as stupid as paparazzi. Except being adopted by Tony Stark--and of course Doctor Strange--after Aunt May's passing was old news, and they never made him this on edge.Ned leans over when the teacher turns their back and whispers, "Dude. What's wrong with you?"
"...I feel like I'm being watched."They duck their heads when the teacher turns back to the class and the conversation is put on hold until after class when the two meet at Peter's locker."Have you told Mr.Stark?"
"He's in Europe until Sunday."
"Oh right. What about Dr. Strange?"
Peter winces as he closes his locker. "If I do that, I'm convinced he'll wrap me in bubble wrap and lock me in my room."
Ned coughs to hide a laugh. "How long have you been feeling like this?"
"...since Dad left?"
"A few days?! Not a few hours?! Peter you need to tell someone!" His best friend gives him a worried look and Peter waves him off.
"It's probably nothing. Flash has set it off before."Ned looks at him skeptically but nods and they part ways after their handshake. As he leaves through the doors, Peter puts his earphones in and starts his walk to the subway. Happy usually picked him up after school, but he had taken the day off and he wasn't about to let Stephen portal him home. That would just draw more attention to him that he didn't want, especially since the news of his adoption was finally starting to lose its appeal.Pepper was doing a great job of keeping the media away. Sure, they got a little too brave one time and were waiting outside the school, so the teen had to wait inside until Happy and Tony cleared a path. One journalist got too brave and too close to Peter and was quickly corrected by Tony's fist.Both Pepper and Stephen weren't very happy about that little stunt. The sorcerer was quicker to forgive though.Halfway to the subway, Peter freezes when his senses dial up to eleven and he looks behind him when the feeling of being watched screams at him. He saw nothing out of the ordinary. He turns to continue his trek to the subway when he suddenly feels a sudden jab in his neck, and a bag was thrown over his head. Oblivion took him before he could even think to fight back.Or press his panic button.___________________Stephen frowns and checks his phone. Peter wasn't home yet and he didn't get any kind of message from him to inform the sorcerer of any last minute plans. No going home with Ned, no Decathlon meeting, no after school patrol...hell, no detention. An hour was too long for him to pick up a sandwich from Mr. Delmar as well."FRIDAY, where's Peter?"
"According to the tracker in his watch, he is approximately two blocks from the subway. He hasn't moved for 28 minutes."That wasn't worrying at all."Call him."
A few moments pass. "No answer, Doctor."
"Shit."
"Should I notify the boss?"
"No. Not yet. Check surveillance feed for Peter."In the meantime, he hoped he would be able to find a strand of Peter's hair. It was likely the only chance he had of finding the teen if FRIDAY didn't find anything on cameras.___________________Peter woke feeling sluggish. Once he was aware enough and took in his surroundings, he realized he was chained to a chair bolted to the floor. He could easily break the chains, but whatever he was drugged with left him so weak he could barely hold his head up. So he took in whatever surroundings he could. Not that there was anything to see, he seemed to be in the basement of a large building and it was freezing. He wasn't sure if the temperature was intentional or not.The door across from him swings open and slams against the wall, causing Peter to grimace from the noise. His hearing was still dialed to eleven and the rebounding door only added to the pounding headache he had. One of his captors probably hit him over the head for good measure. Bastards."So Baby Stark is awake. I'm kind of surprised. I thought you'd be out for a couple more hours." A man strolls in with two others who stay by the door.
"What can I say? I'm an overachiever." Peter responds dryly. That was apparently the wrong thing to say because his head suddenly snapped to the side when the man's fist connects with the opposite cheek. If the teen had a headache before, it was a full blown migraine now."I didn't want to do that kid. We just want some of Daddy's money."
Peter glares up at him. "He's out of town."
"Oh we know kid. Now he can't come rescue you. He'll have to pay for your safe return."Peter bites his lip to hide a smile. They had no idea about Stephen and were probably too stupid to think about the rest of the Avengers. Doctor Strange was scary enough. He no doubt knew Peter was missing by now and was likely scrambling to find a strand of his hair, and ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Kidnapped Peter
Hurt Peter
Peter is a Little Shit
Mama Bear Stephen Strange

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

