Chapter 1





Chapter Text

  

 Day 1 
 “Tony move!” Someone shouted seconds before a purple blast threw Iron Man backwards into a wall. The suit slumped down and didn’t move. Tony was quiet. With a glare of anger, Dr Strange got their villain to submit, handing him off to Captain America, the sorcerer hurried over to his partner.“Fuck.” Is all the sorcerer said as he removed the mask before the others could reach them, he was using the sling ring to portal him and Tony back to the hospital room in the Tower. 
——LINE BREAK——
 “Dr Strange! What happened? Where’s Tony?” Steve shouted as he and the others rushed into the hospital room, Tony was hidden behind a curtain.“Yeah, fairly certain I’ve never heard you swear before so this can’t be good.” Despite his sarcastic and snarky comment, everyone could see the worry in Clint’s eyes.“It’s…well, it’s definitely something. He’s not physically injured but…” He pulled the curtain back and everyone barring Natasha gasped, though the redhead’s eyes did widen like everyone else’s. “From what I can tell, it’s not time travel or anything that will cause a butterfly effect. His adult body and mind has merely been transformed into what I believe is his-““Holy shit!” Rhodey exclaimed having heard of Tony’s injury, he’d been in the area when Natasha had called him saying something had happened -this was when the team had been on the Quinjet. “Why is my best friend-““Rhodey?” Tony whispered waking up and rubbing his eyes in a child-like way. “You got old.”“Gee thanks Tones.” Rhodey muttered holding his arms out for the young boy to jump into them.“As I was saying he is anywhere between fourteen and sixteen years old.” As Strange spoke up again, Tony’s body tensed from where he was latched onto his friend like a koala.“I’m almost fifteen.” He whispered, his voice muffled from where his face was buried into Rhodes’ neck. “Kid, how about we go to the lab? You can do some building, whilst I talk to these guys about this situation?”“Will you come back for me?”“Of course I will, you numpty.” Tony got off of the man, who couldn’t help but sigh in relief, back in college he was more muscular and young, now he was breaching fifty and couldn’t really lift the kid up anymore. 
——LINE BREAK——
 “So…my best friend is a fourteen-year-old again…” Rhodey stated as he walked into the living room where the team had settled on the couches. “Explain. Please.”“What I was trying to say earlier is that Tony’s adult body and mind have reverted back to fourteen. It isn’t time travel so we won’t have to worry or go through the hassle of keeping him from learning things. From what I can tell, he’ll revert to his normal age anywhere between a week or two.”“Shit.” Multiple someones muttered with heavy sighs, Rhodey was one of them.“Right.” The colonel started, jumping to his feet, “Tony isn’t what you’d expect at this age. He’s shy and clingy and you may view it as him being childish, but I told him when we became friends that he could act his age around me if he wanted. Howard, he forced Tony to grow up too fast so I thought it would be nice to tell him to just be…himself. If not in general, then at least around me if he felt safe enough to do so and he did. Over the few months he’d have been at MIT at this age, he’s become quite open with it. Hell, the number of times I walked around with him clinging to my back is enough of an example. But, he’s…how do I put this? Like a wounded kitten. He’s scared but needy. If he doesn’t want you near him,” Rhodey’s voice noticeably darkened, “then you back the fuck up and leave him be. Come and get me but don’t try to help him if he isn’t that comfortable with you.” “Got it Mama Bear,” Natasha smirked,“Never thought I’d see the day that nickname came back around.” The man sighed, slumping into his seat as though the name had physically drained him. “Shall we introduce ourselves? I suspect that leaving a younger Tony Stark unsupervised in a room full of technology is just as bad as it is when he’s his normal age, perhaps even worse?” Bruce said the last bit like a question and gathered he was right considering Rhodey’s exclamation and hasty exit to the lift. 
——LINE BREAK——
 Rhodey returned with Tony minutes later. The young boy was hiding behind his taller friend.“Come on you.” Rhodey murmured pulling Tony into the spot beside him on the couch, the boy curled up against the man, beneath his fringe, cinnamon eyes could be seen peeking up at the others.“Hello, I’m Dr Strange.” The sorcerer stated when it became apparent that no one else was going to speak,“I’m Dr Banner, just call me Bruce.”“Hey, I’m Clint, the worlds best archer.”“Hello, I am Steve Rogers.”“Sam Wilson. My quiet buddy here is Bucky, he doesn’t bite. Much.” That got a giggle out of the boy that everyone would deny did things to their hearts.“Natasha.” The redhead stated bluntly,“She’s scary,” Tony whispered to his friend as quietly as possible, the Super Soldiers, however, did hear and smirked in agr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Post-Avengers (2012)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
I'm Bad At Tagging
Injury
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Because he never died for me
I'm Bad At Summaries
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Avengers
Domestic Avengers
Brian Banner's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

