Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tags may get updated with the posting of the second chapter, depending on if I will add any more characters.This fic is the last one in the 'Cliche busting' series, but the first one in the 'Bamf Peter' series. I wanted to keep the universe I have created for the characters to live in, but didn't want to add fics that don't have a cliche busting theme into the series, as that felt like false advertisement to me.Here a little bit to catch you up: 

As with all the other fics in the series, Civil War got resolved peacefully (and Ross is out of office), and Infinity War and Endgame did not and will not happen. This fanfiction series universe is a happy place. Okay? Good. 

Tony and Pepper share custody over Peter with May. Peter occasionally calls Tony Dad (he might also at one point refer to Pepper as Mom, but Aunt May will always be Aunt May, without the title diminishing the magnitude of love he feels for her)
Peter has a male Pitbull named Hope, a shelter rescue dog who was about to be euthanized.
Tony has spilled the beans on live tv about Peter being heir to Stark Industries.
Peter is acquainted with some of NYPD's detectives and the captain.
Tony, being the overprotective helicopter parent he is, has used his, so far limited, access to nano-technology to make a watch for Peter that tracks pretty much everything and can't be taken off by anyone other than Tony (or, in the event of Tony's demise, Pepper, May, Happy, or Rhodey) – See part 1 and 2 of the series for reference.
Tony and Pepper still own and live in the Tower, and the Avengers all have rooms (floors) there as well. Due to the events of the second story in the series (the wounds we see and the scars we don't) May and Peter have also taken up residence in the tower (more specifically on Tony and Peppers floor, where they have their own living spaces). Though right now this arrangement is temporary and the two might move back into their house in Queens eventually.
Since I ignore Infinity War and Endgame, neither Tony nor Peter have nano-tech-suits. (Though they might at some point)
I have stolen the concept of the X-Men's Danger Room. Though it is only mentioned here and not really utilized in this chapter.
Also, the identities of other vigilantes are known to the Avengers (part of the fixed Accords thing)   
Last but never least, my very favourite part of this series, Peter swears in food names. Shit = Skittles, Damn = Donuts, Hell = Hot Dogs, Fuck = French Fries or Fruit Loops, any kind of name calling, i.e. Bitch, Ass, Fuckface, etc = Licorice
  
 Avengers training (Or, how Spiderman kicks everyone's butts)    
 “I'm not doubting your engineering capabilities, Tony.”Came the tired sounding voice of one Steven Grant Rogers, as he and Tony walked along one of the many hallways in the tower. The slightly shorter man beside him let out an annoyed huff.“Sure as hell sounds like it to me. What the hell is wrong with my specially designed training robots?”The super soldier sighed.“For the fifth time, Tony, there is nothing wrong with your robots. All of us have used them in training before. They make for good sparring partners, okay? But at the end of the day, they are just machines. They follow a pre-determined code of defense and attack patterns. Which makes their movements predictable. And while that is fine for regular training, if you really insist on taking Spiderman on our next mission with us, I'm gonna have to be sure that he can hold his own in a real fight.”The mechanic rolled his eyes.“There are so many things wrong with what you just said, it's not even funny. You do know that the kid has been doing this for three years now, right?”“Yes Tony, I know. But infiltrating and clearing out a Hydra base is a little more high profile than Spiderman's regular petty thiefs and kittens stuck in a tree.”Now Tony almost felt insulted on the kids behalf.“Oh, right. It's not like Pete ever does anything else than web up purse snatchers and rescue helpless little pets. It's not like he gets shot at regularly, or has to take on a bunch of armed and dangerous people at once.
He certainly doesn't have enough experience in strategic planning to safely take down a bunch of very organized bank robbers, without getting the hostages hurt in the process.
And it's not like he has taken care of that Vulture guy, who was running around with alien technology.
And that time the whole team was in Uruguay chasing down a lead to another Hydra cell, while a crazed scientist made a serum that turned himself into a fucking Lizard person out of my worst nightmares? Spiderman definitely had nothing to do with taking that guy down before he could turn every citizen in New York into his reptile underlings.
Did you know that Lizard guy could throw cars around like they were golf balls? Can you throw cars around like they are golf balls, Cap?
Let's also not mention that time the ki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Jessica Jones & Peter Parker
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
dad tony stark
Son Peter Parker
BAMF Peter
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter kicks ass
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark is a stressed dad
creative swearing
food swearing
Iron-Dad
Spider-son

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Jessica Jones & Peter Parker
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone

