Work Text:
The pain on his hand was so unexpected that he actually tripped, falling out of super speed and crashing into a barrier with a solid thud. He groaned, immediately shooting to his feet and darting off just as shots fired at the spot he’d just crashed into. He grit his teeth against the continued sting, glancing down at the back of his hand, and his eyes widened in horror as he saw the words carved in there.I must not tell lies. Even as they appeared, they healed, but they reappeared again and again, a constant ache on the back of his hand, blood sliding over the skin. He shook it off, no choice but to ignore it for the time being, not unless he wanted to be shot through by the doom bots currently attacking his town. He’d been striking out on his own lately, but it seemed trouble was following him. Ever since he’d split away from his father and his sister - and he scowled at the thought of them both - he’d been coming up against more and more adversaries. It was like the world knew he was trying to turn over a new leaf and were making it as difficult as possible. He sped to some cover, stopping for a moment to sigh in frustration, narrowing his eyes at the bots flying overhead. Then he smirked, cocksure and ready. He disappeared from sight.  Pietro sat in his apartment that evening, looking at the back of his hand. The words were gone, but that didn’t erase the fact that they’d been there from his memory. He knew words could only appear on his skin if they’d been written on his by his soulmate, which meant the words that had carved themselves into the back of his hand had been done by his soulmate. The question was, why? He picked up a pen, rolling it between his fingers. Then he set it against his forearm.  Are you okay?  He ended up writing, because while communication had been slim between him and his soulmate, it wasn’t because they didn’t want to speak. Or at least, he hoped not. He just assumed his soulmate was just as busy in life as he was. Every once in a while they would write casual messages back and forth - a hope your doing well, or even once a I can’t wait to meet you one day. And really, that meant his soulmate had to mean it, because why write it otherwise. This was the first time he’d really thought to sit down and write to his soulmate, to actually wait for a response. Over the years, he’d been so focused on pleasing his family - pleasing his father - that he hadn’t realized how much harm he’d been doing himself in the mean time - how much he’d pushed aside for praise he would never receive. Praise he didn’t need, he reminded himself harshly. He didn’t need to be praised by a psychopath intent on ruling over people he considered lesser than he was - people who weren’t mutants. Pietro honestly thought that was ridiculous. They didn’t decide to be mutants anymore than everyone else didn’t decide not to be. He couldn’t help the jolt of surprise when a slanted scrawl replaced his own chicken scratch.  Sorry about your hand.  Was the response, and it honestly didn’t make Pietro feel any better. Nervous now, because really, the idea of finally really talking to his soulmate had always been so distant, and now it was happening.  It’s okay.  He wrote back immediately, because he wasn’t hurt, not really.  What happened? He asked before he could stop himself, and he could almost feel the phantom touch of his soulmate holding their own pen against their skin, pausing as they thought of the answer.  Hard to explain. But it wasn’t my choice.  The thought that someone had forced his soulmate to carve words into their skin - into both of their skin - set Pietro’s blood on fire.  Tell me where you are.  He wrote back immediately, his fury like a roaring ocean in his ears.  I’m coming to find you.  He followed it up with when his soulmate didn’t immediately respond.  You won’t be able to. Was the reply a moment later, and Pietro bared his teeth in an almost feral grin. He might not have the ability to find someone no matter where they were, but he knew someone who could, and he could only hope that that person would help them after all the trouble he’d caused when helping his father.  Challenge accepted.  He responded, and then he couldn’t help but add; Stay safe. >>> “You know, your soulmate may not actually want to be found.” the professor told him the moment he appeared, and Pietro huffed out a breath. “It doesn’t matter. Someone forced them to hurt themselves. And me.” The professor didn’t respond right away, looking at the hand in question curiously. “It is an unusually cruel punishment. To force someone to mark not only themselves but their bonded.” Professor Xavier agreed, tone mild, but then his eyes met Pietro’s and there was nothing mild about the force behind them. “You’ve waited this long.” Was all he said, but Pietro heard the question. Why now of all times? Was it just because he’d been hurt too that he cared? He immediately shook his head. “I-” he began, but then shook his head, frus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pietro Maximoff/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
Whatever you write on your skin shows up on your soulmate
Definite Crack
harry is 15
During Goblet of Fire
Pietro is mid-late teens
NOT MCU Pietro
more of the comics
Pietro Maximoff is Magneto’s son
as he was in many of the comics
Pietro has walked away from his less than kind family
pre-avengers quicksilver
yes the title is from Hozier again
This time it was Run
Pietro is a mutant not a hydra experiment gdi
Pre-Relationship
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Pietro Maximoff/Harry Potter

