Work Text:
Bucky wished he could say that it was something deep and meaningful that caused him to come to the sudden realisation that Tony Stark and Iron Man were one and same person and certainly he would  do so if someone asked him but it would be an outright, blatant lie. It wasn’t some turn of phrase or particular word or anything like that. It wasn’t something from his HYDRA days, from either intel or training. It wasn’t anything he could actually say out loud, not without embarrassing himself to the point where he might as well throw himself into the deepest, darkest hole the world possessed and just stay there until he died.
Because the thing that clued him into the fact that Tony Stark was Iron Man was… his butt. 
That gorgeous, cute, delectable bubble of a butt that Bucky desperately wanted to get his hands on. And maybe his teeth. And maybe something else as well. Though that was less on than in. 
And not just Tony’s butt but also that slight sway to his hips when he walked that always had Bucky’s eyes glued on Tony’s butt. That same slight sway to the hips that Iron Man had when he walked. And it was the same sway. Bucky had watched Tony do it enough to be able to recognise it anywhere.
And now that he had this information, he honestly didn’t know what to do with it.
Because while Iron Man was a valued and well-liked member of the Avengers, Tony Stark was their barely tolerated and politely despised benefactor. Now that he knew the truth, Bucky had more than a little mental whiplash over that fact, mostly of the ‘why the hell does Stark put up with it’ kind.
Not that he barely tolerated or politely despised Tony. He actually liked the man. Unsurprisingly really, given that Tony had been the one to replace the arm HYDRA had given him. (He’d hated that arm, that constant, endless reminder of what had been done to him. Tony’s arm, on the hand, was a work of art that he wore with pride and occasionally somewhat flustered delight.) 
Also, Tony had been the one to help him fill in gaps in his knowledge. While it was true he’d been awake (sort of) for a fair bit of the last seventy years, he’d been… somewhat indisposed and had missed a few things. Tony had been happy to help him fill in the gaps. Tony was also the one who catered to his love of all things sci-fi and futuristic. He absolutely loved Tony’s workshop for example, not to mention Tony’s willingness to set aside whatever he was working on to talk science.
In actual fact, Bucky got on better with Tony than he did with Iron Man. Not that he disliked Iron Man but Iron Man was… well, was Stevie’s friend. Not that he disliked Stevie either. He was pretty sure he was genetically incapable of that. But… Stevie wasn’t the man he remembered. Stevie, like himself, had changed. The difference between them was that he was willing to admit that, Stevie still thought of himself as just that small, scrawny kid from Brooklyn and that hadn’t been true for a long time.
“Hey, Boo Bear, what’s got you all frowny and brooding?”
Bucky gave a start then hissed as that made his arm jerk. Tony was almost wrist deep in his arm at the moment, trying to get at some loose wiring and moving it didn’t help matters.
“Sorry,” he muttered as he settled himself again, giving Tony an apologetic look to go along with the word.
“I think that hurt you more than it did me,” Tony said dryly. “But seriously, you had your Resting Murder Face going there and you haven’t been there for a while now.”
Bucky sighed and stared down at the inner mechanism of his arm for a moment. He didn’t often do that because it made him feel a little weird but in truth, his thoughts were more directed inward than on what the inside of his arm looked like.
“If I say something,” he began slowly. “Will you promise me a couple of things?”
Tony gave him a strange look. “What kind of things?”
“That you won’t run and hide from me and that you won’t insult me by lying to me.”
Tony actually stopped what he was doing and sat back. He gave Bucky a long, steady look as he turned those two requests over in his mind.
“Is… is this to do with Howard…?”
Bucky shook his head. “No!” He drew in  a deep breath then let it out again. “No, it’s not that.”
His involvement in the murder of Howard and Maria Stark had been the first thing he’d confessed when he’d come face to face with Tony Stark. In fact, he’d done it over Stevie’s attempts to silence him and that… well, that had gone about as well as might be expected. Because right after Bucky’s confession had sunk in to Tony’s mind, so too had Stevie’s attempts to stop him and the (very true) implications of what that meant.
Things had been… ugly for a while after that. Not only had Iron Man made himself unavailable for mission for the foreseeable future but Tony had cut off funding for a while, until he had, as he’d put it in a terse and impolite email, ‘recouped the losses incurred by Rogers using my money and my tech to search for the murderer of my parents’. Stevie had compla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Barnes is smooth
Not
not team Cap friendly
Team Tony
Civil war didn't happen here
Bucky was brought in without the associated chaos
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Not Steve Friendly
Bucky's been watching Tony
moderated for my peace of mind
Swearing
Bucky has a mouth on him

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

