Work Text:
Looking back on everything, Peter wasn’t able to pin point how or why he ended up here. He wasn’t sure when his infectious happiness and loud laugh had sobered and every interaction began to feel fake. He wasn’t sure when he started to feel more like a nuisance and like he had no meaning in the world.Peter guessed it just all the little things that eventually added up: like whenever MJ would snap at him or Ned would become more distant; when Mr Stark bailed their lab sessions for a meeting and Happy would ignore him for an entire car ride. At first Peter had just brushed over it, everyone had their off days and that was okay— it wasn’t a reflection of his presence.And then the doubt kicked in, the nasty worm that seemed to crawl in his ear and whisper things to him all day and night. ‘They hate you, Peter.’‘You’re such a waste of space.’‘They don’t want to be your friend.’‘You’re a horrible person, why would anyone want to hang out with you?’Slowly, day by day, Peter began to believe it. Each step-back and problem would circle around in his head like vultures, picking and destroying at his mental health. He began to eat less, his stomach rumbling loudly far more often and he’d have spells of dizziness where he just simply couldn’t understand which way was up.He slept more. And then he slept less. Hour long naps turned into staring at the clock at 1am, wondering why he was there and what was the point.Peter’s life became a series of facades. Fake smiles here, a “everything is fine, Mr Stark” there, all of it covering up his need to cry and desire to sleep until the ache in his bones went away and the voice in his head shut up. He started to try too hard, making far more jokes to conceal his pain and filling every silence because it left room for his head to start spinning with self-hating words and Peter couldn’t fall to that in public.Suddenly Peter had another mask: his Spider-Man one was always in his reach but his Happy Peter mask was permanently clued when around other people. He’d crank his music up until his ears rang when walking alone, just to block out his mind. The afternoons were always the worst, the time between bed and after patrolling. When he would sit in his room, nothing to protect or help him escape from his mind. He sat and thought about everything that was wrong: how he’d annoyed people, how his nervous ticks of never shutting up ended up causing more harm and how pointless his existence was. Because seriously, Peter Parker had nothing to offer the world when compared to Spider-Man.Spider-Man was a hero who protected the little guy. He saved the day and was a force of positivity and good will.Peter Parker was just some random kid who got on everyones nerves and constantly made a fool of himself. Maybe he was just sensitive, he though. But it still hurt to think that his entire existence was the root for why everyone seemed to hate him. ‘You’re a failure Peter.’‘No ones likes Peter Parker when compared to Spider-Man.’‘You have no place in the world.’‘All you do is annoy people.’The sobs that broke out of his throat were just echos, the sound having been heard by his walls a million times and counting. Peter was just so exhausted. He just wanted one day where he didn’t feel so stretched out paper thin, plastering fake happiness over his face as he tried to hold onto the tearing seams of what seemed to be his declining mental health. Every day was a struggle, his brain repeating things that were branded into his mind and clouding all his judgement.His stomach hurt, his belly rumbling and growling in violent shakes. But each time Peter brought his food to his mouth, his mouth would go dry and the physical movement of his jaw seemed to exhaust him.At this point, Peter was desperate for the feelings of loneliness and desperation to drift away. He wondered if anyone would even care that he was gone. They’d cry, Peter was sure, but how long until they moved on? He would simply be a blip in their lives, someone they look back on ten years down the line and remember for a brief period before moving on. Spider-Man would be missed.Peter Parker would be forgotten.‘You should just give up.’‘No one wants you around.’‘May would be happy to be rid of you.’‘All you do is ruin everything.’The weight on his chest, the one that seemed to crush him and make his lungs constrict, squeezed even tighter. It felt like he was being weighed down, someone’s invisibles hands always squishing and squishing at him until Peter struggled to breath and his head felt funny.A memory resurfaced of tranquility; the blocked silence that had surrounded him when he’d held his head under the bath water one night. The way his brain had gone silent and the entire world seemed to have stilled. There, under the water, he didn’t think about Ned’s dismissiveness or how MJ rolled her eyes a million times or how Happy refused to talk to him or even his fears of Mr Stark growing to hate him. It was like everything was paused. Al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Angst
References to Depression
Mental Health Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

