Work Text:
He's heavier, much heavier, but his feet instinctively find the quiet places on the stairs, and he drifts through the darkened Mansion toward the light of the kitchen. Wanda Maximoff is sitting at the kitchen table, laying out a vast and elaborate jigsaw puzzle. He hovers in the shadow beyond the door for a long moment, before some sense alerts her, and she looks up.He takes a swift step forward, so she doesn't think he's spying on her."Good evening, Steve," Wanda says, her voice soft. He likes her; she's got a gentle manner, and doesn't seem quite so violently alien as the other women he's seen. In a deep red robe, with her hair loosely piled, she could almost be a woman of his time."Good evening," he says, and seeks for a polite nothing. "Couldn't sleep?"She looks down at the scattered pieces."Bad dreams," she murmurs. "When I dream of things coming apart, it helps me to... put things together again." She looks up at him, offers a little smile. "Sometimes when you have bad dreams, you come and sit with me, and we do puzzles together.""I have bad dreams?" he says, and and her smile dims. That was probably an invitation, he realises, to sit and keep her company. He looks at the chair across from her, but doesn't move to take it."You fought four years in the heart of one of mankind's greatest conflicts," she says. "You sometimes have bad dreams. But you didn't dream tonight?""No, I couldn't sleep." He hesitates, but her eyes are kind and he's been assured that everyone here is his friend. "Do you know... is Tony likely to be awake?"She looks up at the clock on the wall. Past two in the morning, but Steve was feeling impatient."He'll be in his workshop," she says. "He didn't have dinner; it would often be your habit to take him a sandwich.""Right," he says, and moves to the refrigerator. He seems to be a considerate man, then, along with all the other qualities. A war hero, a costumed superhero, a national icon. A leader of men, Thor had told him. A good friend, Hank had said. They'd all looked at him with worry and kindness, and he'd felt a fool, sitting there in a body some eighty pounds too heavy and several inches taller, trying to remember anything past the day he'd stepped into the laboratory at Dr Erskine's side.He decides on cheese and ham; everyone likes that. The cheese is delicious, sharp and crumbling. Everything he's seen in the future has been luxurious, ridiculously fine. He's not sure if it's like that everywhere in the future, or if it's just that everything Tony Stark owns is the best.His hand hovers over the sodas, and he looks back at Wanda."You usually take milk," she says, and he fetches two glasses, and arranges it all on a tray. Then he looks down at it for a while, listens to the soft patter of puzzle pieces as she sorts them into groups."Are Tony and I close?" he says finally, and she makes a soft humming noise."He's your closest friend, apart perhaps from Sam. Sam's the Falcon.""A Negro?" he says. He'd been a little startled by the picture on his dresser, him in his bright costume, standing next to a coloured man with wings. They'd been laughing, the other man's hand resting familiarly on his shoulder. As the silence stretches on, he looks over his shoulder at Wanda. She's frowning at her puzzle, and for a second he thinks she didn't hear him. Then she looks up, and smiles again, although the crease in her brow suggests she's worried about something."Yes, that's - Sam. We've called him, but he's hard to get hold of sometimes. You're the only one who can reliably contact him, and..." she shrugs."Right," he says. Another friend he can't remember. He wants to ask about Tony again, but looking into Wanda's guileless dark eyes, he can't think of a way. He picks up the tray, and turns towards the door. He can balance the tray on one hand, easily, and the darkness on the stairs doesn't trouble him much.  He'd had his doubts about Project Rebirth, but he'd hidden them, and apparently they'd been completely unfounded; the body moves with its own assurance. Muscle memory, Hank had told him, and he'd laughed in sheer relief when Steve had juggled for him, adept as long as he didn't think about it too hard. Steve had watched his hands pass and shower the balls, as if some other force was controlling them, and when he'd tried to work out how he was doing it, he'd fumbled and scattered them, and Hank had laughed again. Steve'd learned to juggle during the time he's lost, and the fact he still can means that his memories haven't been destroyed, just buried. Steve's going to be fine.The workshop door is open, but the orange light that spills out doesn't illuminate much. He can hear a faint roaring sound.It's a welding torch; Tony Stark is doing something to his armour, something he stops doing as soon as Steve crosses the threshold. He snaps off the torch, and for a second it's very dark."Lights," he says, and panels in the ceiling light up, a white light that casts sharp shadows. He star
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

