Work Text:
Immediately following the arrest of Strucker, Tony and the other Avengers returned to the tower. He and Bruce took the sceptre to Tony’s workshop and immediately began studying it. Tony forgot about everything else as JARVIS ran test after test; it was like the world narrowed to the sceptre, and Tony was compelled to find out everything that he could about how the sceptre worked. They extracted the net of neurons and began working with it. Bruce’s help was invaluable: he understood the human brain better than Tony did, thanks to all of his research on the Hulk and how that worked. Tony was beginning to have hope, but every time he stopped to think that horrible vision swelled over him once more and drove him to work harder, faster.He didn’t sleep. He didn’t eat. For the span of three days, all he could do was work.“Tony, you should take a break,” Bruce said, somewhere in the distance. Tony barely acknowledged him with a nod. If it wasn’t about their work, he didn’t want to hear it. He vaguely registered Bruce frowning and leaving the room but didn’t pay the thought any more attention. His fingers flew over the keys. It wasn’t working the way he wanted to, and he needed to figure out why.A hand appeared within his field of vision. Tony paused, tracking said hand with his eyes until it cupped his cheek and physically turned his head to the side. Familiar green eyes caught and bored into him. Something in Tony rose up, wanting to fight back against the intrusion, but the better side of him prevailed and went lax. The hand left his cheek to grip his upper arm instead, steadying him.“Thank you, Bruce, for letting me know.”“No problem. I thought – ugh, this thing is screwing with both our heads, but it’s especially getting to Tony. Thanks for coming, Luke.”“I would do anything for Tony,” came the calm response. “Which is why I’m doing what I’m doing now. Leave, Bruce. Leave this room, take a nap, and don’t return.”“But the sceptre –”“I said leave.”Quiet footsteps shuffled out of the room. The next thing Tony knew, he was being lifted up. He fought instinctively as he was carried from the room, trying to lunge back towards the sceptre, but the hold on him was too strong. He cursed and swore and tried to call the armor to him; JARVIS failed to respond, which was both infuriating and frustrating. He didn’t stop fighting until they were in the bedroom and he was being dropped on the bed.“Tony, stop.” Green light shimmered and Loki appeared, still clad in the jeans and t-shirt his alter ego had been wearing. Those cool green eyes caught Tony’s eyes again. Tony stilled in the middle of leaping off the bed. Slowly he sat back down again, entranced by the sight of Loki’s eyes. Loki smiled faintly, though Tony was aware enough to recognize that it was not a happy smile.“I’m going to look inside your mind, Tony. You’ve been influenced,” Loki murmured. “I need you to sit on the bed and keep still. Can you do that for me?”Tony paused, genuinely uncertain for a moment, before slowly nodding.“Good boy,” Loki said warmly, moving closer. He laid the fingers of his right hand on Tony’s forehead.For Tony, it felt like a sea of green swamped his mind. It was not a scary or angry feeling but comforting. He knew this magic; he was intimately familiar with it in more ways than one. For the first time in days, he was able to relax. He didn’t know how long the feeling lasted for, but it felt like a considerable amount of time had passed before the green light faded from his mind.“How do you feel?” Loki asked.Tony blinked. His eyes hurt. So did his head. It wasn’t unlike a hangover, actually: that gross, achy, room spinning, might-throw-up feeling. He said, “I have a bitch of a headache.”Loki exhaled and shook his head. “You’re fortunate that’s all you have. Thank the nines that you’re as receptive to my magic as you are.” He moved his hand to the top of Tony’s head and began to massage Tony’s scalp as he spoke, fingertips rubbing exactly the way Tony liked it.“What happened?” Tony asked, closing his eyes. That helped a little with the dizziness. It was better when Loki stepped between his legs and allowed Tony to wrap an arm around his waist. Tony leaned his head against Loki’s side, trying to breathe slowly and deeply.“The sceptre is dangerous. It didn’t brainwash you… not quite… but it was compelling you to do what it told you to do.” Loki sighed. “It’s times like this that I wish you still had the arc reactor in your chest.”Tony made a quiet sound of acknowledgement. That was too large of a concept to think about right now. He’d have to give it more thought when his head didn’t feel like it was going to split in half, or when he wasn’t one wrong move away from vomiting all over the floor.“But there was more.” Loki’s voice deepened, gaining a dangerous note. “Someone else has been messing with your mind, paving the way for the sceptre’s influence. Whoever it was, their magic feels very similar to that of the sceptre. Do you 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
No Endgame Spoilers
set during age of ultron
takes place during age of ultron
Secret Relationship
loki and tony have been secretly dating
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Choking
choking people is not okay thor
ultron was not tony's fault
not really team cap safe
snake loki
loki transforming into a snake
he makes for a very cute snake
Brainwashing
Bathing/Washing
Carrying
loki fawns over tony
loki doesn't stand for anyone messing with tony's mind
loki vows retribution against wanda
the avengers are always suspicious of tony
tony is at the point where he no longer gives a shit
Mention of alcohol
mention of drinking alcohol
Not canon compliant obviously
FrostIron - Freeform
Hugging
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

