Work Text:
"Iron Man?" Steve crouched down beside the inert figure sprawled in a clump of vegetation. "Iron Man? Can you hear me?" He grasped the armour at the shoulder and shook, cautiously. The helmet waggled back and forth, but there was no response. "Tony?"Nothing.And everything had been going so well. They'd landed, gotten in, broken up a Hydra cell, and gotten all the way back to the Quinjet with very little in the way of incident. Maybe it's not really the Savage Land, Iron Man had joked, The Quinjet's not even scratched.He'd probably jinxed them, and now - he could have a broken neck or anything. Steve stopped shaking him."Um... armour?" he said after a moment. "Armour, can you hear me?""Voice print recognised," Iron Man's voice came from the armour, somehow with even less expressiveness than usual. "How may I assist, Captain?""Is Tony all right?""Systems indicate no major injuries. Mr Stark is currently unconscious, and may be suffering from a concussion.""Right." Steve sat back on his heels, conscious of a surge of relief. "Can I see him?""Uncertain command. Please restate, Captain.""Open the faceplate."The mask slipped back, revealing Tony's peaceful face. Steve patted his cheek and called his name, then ventured to pet the elegant line of brow and cheekbone. Tony was quite unfairly handsome, even knocked silly. Steve tugged off his glove to touch the neatly trimmed beard - silky one way, bristly and sharp the other - and then brushed his thumb over Tony's lower lip, a little swollen. He would have been chewing it like he always did when he was worried, little beads of sweat forming on his skin, a line between his neat brows.Steve pulled away his hand, and put his glove back on. Crushing on a handsome, capable, charming teammate was natural and understandable. Taking advantage of his unconsciousness to fondle him was not.Not that it had really been fondling; the armour prevented any... liberties. If Tony wore a tight, flimsy suit like Spider-Man or Giant Girl -"Why'd you stop?" Tony's voice broke into his thoughts. Steve looked up to meet still-dazed blue eyes, half shut. "That felt good.""Uh - " Steve could feel his exposed ears turning pink as Tony gave him a wicked little smile."Pet me some more, handsome," Tony invited, and Steve's hand twitched before he remembered that Tony probably had a concussion."You were knocked unconscious by the monster in the engine," he said instead, and Tony's smile faded. "How do you feel?""Confused. What monster? What engine?""When we got back to the Quinjet? Something had made a nest in the engine, and it got a bad knock on you." Steve glanced up at the jet's bulk. Would it fly with an engine so badly damaged?"What's a Quinjet?" Tony followed his gaze. "Is that a Quinjet? It's nice.""You built it," Steve said. "You don't remember?""No. Why am I, and my shiny jet, out in a jungle with a Captain America impersonator?" He lifted a hand and inspected his gauntlet while Steve sputtered over impersonator. "And what am I wearing?""I think," Steve said coolly, grabbing for what was left of his composure, "We should get in the Quinjet.""Privacy?" Tony swept his gaze up and down Steve's body, then met his eyes and gave him a small, salacious smile that made Steve flush with heat. "I like the way you think."*Tony had been able to waddle the armour up the Quinjet's ramp, and was now removing it under the armour's own instructions, droning off technical specifications while Tony nodded and frowned. Steve sat in the pilot's chair and focused on poking at the comm system, trying in vain to raise a signal. Safer than staring at Tony slowly revealing more and more lean muscle and and tanned skin. He angled his chair just to... keep an eye on Tony, just in his peripheral vision. Just in case."And this." Tony touched his hand to the blue glow in his chest. "What's this?"Steve looked round, interested. He'd caught glimpses of it before, but never liked to ask questions; Tony was always very prompt to cover it."Arc reactor," the armour told them. "Primary power source for the Iron Man. Life support system for Tony Stark. Technical specifications unavailable."Steve stared at the steady blue light. Life support? That meant -"Do you know about this?" Tony snapped, and Steve jerked his eyes upwards, as embarrassed as if he'd been staring at Tony's groin."No?" he said meekly. "I never liked to ask.""You've seen it before, then." Tony picked his way through the armour laid out on the deck, and Steve watched his advance with some apprehension. Tony didn't usually wander about in nothing more than snug black briefs, and it was... disconcerting. Disconcerting, yes, Steve was disconcerted, and he'd really prefer Tony put some pants on. He opened his mouth to suggest it, and then snapped it shut as Tony loomed over him, putting his hands on the arms of the chair and getting right up into Steve's face. There was a distinctly predatory cast to his smile. "When did you see it... what did you say 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
holy shit what's happened to Tony?

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

