Work Text:
"Hello. Hello," Steve crooned at the baby in his arms, and it gave him a fierce look and flailed. "Sh, sh, your mommy is just there, look - " he tried to angle the baby so it could see Valeria Richards at the flower-strewn buffet, stocking up on tiny delicious foodstuffs, but it shoved a fist in its mouth and made a terrible face at him. "She won't be long." That was probably a lie, as she'd been buttonholed by a young Maximoff with a mouth full of quantum mechanics and flattery. Steve would never understand the courtships of the younger generation, although it was fair to say he hadn't been expert in his own.Of course, in his day Miss Richards would have been a social outcast, and he wouldn't be standing here with an armful of squishy gummy baby.That would have been a shame, really."You still have an arm, Captain?" General Danvers stuffed a toddler into his free arm without waiting for an answer, or even breaking stride, and made a beeline for Fury. Mahr Vehl followed in her wake, and winked at Steve."If it's no trouble," he said, and Steve waved him on somewhat awkwardly, trying to get the kid head-end up without resorting to throwing him up in the air and catching him.The kid seemed to have inherited Grandpa Kree's sunny nature - or maybe the other parent back on the homeworld - he was pretty sure this one was Danvers' daughter's. She'd married a Kree, and her brother had married a mutant. Danvers had timed her pregnancies expertly to coincide with Fury's ascendencies, and reclaimed her job as soon as each kid was walking. Fury maintained it was all blind luck on her part. Steve reckoned sufficient luck was indistinguishable from tactical brilliance, and anyway, she seemed a lot happier than Fury so who was the smart one here?Fury's voice was rising, and Danvers had her hands on her hips in the attitude that meant she didn't give a hoot if Fury was shouting; Steve decided it was time to take the kids outside, before they decided shrieking was today's game and the wedding reception became a disaster area. The bride was due to make her appearance soon, which would hopefully end the fight for the time being. He suspected he knew what it was about, and and it was going to last for weeks.He sidled out on to the verandah, and looked down the path towards the fountain, where the Stark brothers sat on a dark stone bench like a mismatched pair of bookends.Steve squinted at them, tried to see them as strangers for a moment, rather than his husband and his brother-in-law. Gregory looked a bad forty-five, Tony a well-preserved sixty. They were both just over seventy.Gregory, despite having successfully married off his eldest granddaughter to a man hotly tipped to run for President in 2054, looked sour. Tony looked smug. All normal, then.The verandah door slammed open, and Fury emerged on a wave of violin music and applause. Steve should really go in and say something nice to the bride; Alicia was a sweet girl. Still, she was also sweet enough to consider baby-sitting a good excuse for absence. He'd take her for a waltz later."Danvers claims to be retiring," said Fury in undertones of furious outrage. He'd already disposed of his bow tie somewhere, and his buttonhole was missing most of its leaves. Steve sincerely hoped he hadn't had a fistfight with Danvers. "What's she up to?""I think she's retiring," Steve said placidly, disentangling toddler fingers from baby shoelaces. "She said she was done.""You're never done with this job.""I hear she's going to live on the Kree homeworld, as a liaison.""Leaving this job is practically treason.""She also said if she quit while on top, instead of waiting for you to push her out again, it'd bug you for years.""Ha!" Fury seethed for a minute. The baby squawked, and he tickled it under the chin; it grinned at him. Babies, inexplicably, tended to like Fury. "Whose kids are these?""A Richards and a Danvers.""Captain Babysitter."Steve shrugged.Fury's phone buzzed; he tapped the piece in his ear, and then scowled."The fuck, Stark, am I your secretary? He can manage a phone and a baby, or can't you buy your boytoy a handsfree kit?"Steve ambled down the steps and path, to where Tony was smiling at him. The baby cooed enthusiastically at the glittering concoction of water and obsidian edges that was the fountain, and Tony took the squirming infant from his arms and held it up so it could grasp fruitlessly at the rainbows forming in the bright sunlight. Gregory promptly snagged the toddler, and gave it a suspicious look. It was not entirely impossible he'd push it back at Steve and try and grab the baby from Tony; but he apparently deemed walking and talking made his small child the superior option.This close, he could see the tiny stiffnesses in Gregory's face, the marks of surgery and chemical treatments that made him look so much younger. He was vaguely aware of all the action beneath the skin, the biochemicals that kept Gregory's body young; some of them had been developed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

