Chapter 1: Prolouge
    


Summary:

The years of Natasha Romanoff.



Notes:
I am finally! Re-Editing!




Chapter Text

It was 1993.

 

Natalia Romanoff got taken away from her father.
 
She turned 9 on that horrific day and all she could remember was that her father was talking to her about the cold war and suddenly sprung about buying Natalia all that she wanted including the dollhouse that she wished for last Christmas.
 
Natalia only nodded with excitement as she heard how her father was going to buy her the dollhouse and maybe even the prettiest dolls ever.
 
It made her happy. 
 
As she was tucked in her room after her father finished reading her Peter Pan, Natalia asked a question, "Do you love me, papa?" She can remember her dad moving her red hair out of her face and he says something. She didn't know what papa said but then he puts her to rest. Natalia wakes up, hearing a branch crack, and before she could go back to sleep, someone snatches her from the window, extinguishing her screams and pleads as that same someone ran and threw the girl into the truck and drove away.
 
What Natalia didn't know was that the next day would be torture for Ivan Petrovitch. And so would the next day. And the next.

 

-

 

It was 2000.

 

Natalia was 16 when she discovered she was pregnant. When she notified the mistress, she was angry. She asked for the father and Natalia couldn't tell her because she didn't even know his name but he knew that he was a geneticist. Natalia didn't tell. It was the same fellow she sent to spy on and that can mean failure. Natalia isn’t a failure.

 

They were going to terminate her pregnancy but Natalia fought against it.

 

Heavily.

 

Natalia ended up killing more than twenty workers for her unborn child before the mistress decided that Natalia would keep the child but when the baby was born, it'd be taken away.

 

Natalia didn't want to agree.

 

But she killed men for this child.

 

And she didn't have much of a choice.

 

So when August 10th, 2001 rolled around, Natalia was screaming as she pushed the baby out and gripping the rails as she gave birth standing. When she saw the baby, 

Her baby

, she wanted to carry him. She wanted to cuddle him and kiss his head but the mistress and her own body wouldn't let her.

 

So, what she did was give the boy a name.

 

Peter.

 

And after she gave Peter his name, she used her last bit of energy to ask a nurse if she could deliver the baby to the one and only man that got her knocked up.

 

Richard Parker.

 

-

2003.

 

Natalia graduates in the Red Room.

 

They sterilize her. They told the agents that from now on, when they enter and when they graduate, they cannot get pregnant or else the baby will die.

 

Natalia can’t have any babies anymore. Not that she planned on them anyways.

 

But she had a two-year-old baby boy.

 

And Natalia couldn't wait to meet him. What would he be like? Did he start school already? Was he walking already? Natalia smiles to herself as she aims at SHIELD agent and shoots.

 

-

2004.

 

Natasha finds herself at the heart of a computer room in Switzerland. They told her that this room digests information every millisecond. She needed to use it to find the Winter Soldier, her scar aching just a little bit. But she can’t get someone out of her mind. So, she types out the name: Richard Parker and hits the enter button.

She sees articles pop up, most of them are of Richard Parker but one headline catches her eye. By the Daily Bugle. 

“Airplane Crashes in the jungle! Victims are the famous Richard Parker, Mary Fitzpatrick, and their son, Peter Parker.”

 Natasha gasps and stumbles backward. That couldn’t be true, could it?
 
Natasha hears someone and she sees someone. They were in black and purple, a bandaid on top of their nose, an arrow and bow facing Natasha. “I think it’s time we talk.”
 
-

 

2005.
 
After a year of grieving and constantly bumping into Hawkeye, she finally gives in. She joins SHIELD. People look at Natasha with no trust but Natasha doesn’t care. She isn’t here to make friends. She’s here to make things right. Natasha nearly gotten killed by the KGB and it wouldn’t hurt to join SHIELD. Why would it? They’re good. Natasha can be good too.

 

SHIELD didn't suck so much.

 

-

 

2010.

 

Natasha-- as she calls herself, got her first solo assignment.

 

Recruit IronMan.

 

Her fictitious name being Natalie Rushman, she quickly makes her way to be Pepper's assistant and meeting the one and only, Anthony Edward Stark. Or Tony Stark.

 

She fought the security guard and obviously won with pride. But before she could get out of the room, she grabbed the papers and got Tony to sign them before Pepper thanked her for her work. She can hear Pepper say that Natasha can be a very expensive lawsuit, but Natasha isn’t worried about it. She could get all their money and they wouldn’t notice until it’s too late. Besides, she isn’t here for that. No, that isn’t her job.
 
Nat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Kid Peter Parker
Protective Natasha Romanov
Deaf Clint Barton
POV Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Natasha Romanov
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Uncle Clint Barton
Peter Parker is Natasha Romanoff's Biological child
love me sum peter parker and mcu mom fluff
i'll probably write peter and his mcu dads in the future
because peter deserves everything
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
sorry - Freeform
love me sum angst
Angst
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Kinda
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
Sinister Six - Freeform
Kid Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

