Chapter 1: Unexpected
    




Chapter Text
Tony was starting to doze off. Pepper had dragged him out of the lab. Again. For the fifth time that week. And it was only Wednesday. To be fair, he had kinda promised he would be out of the lab more, to be more present at SI, not leaving everything to Pepper. Now, in retrospective, he should have just found an excuse to never come to a board meeting ever again. Were those things boring? Hell yes. Was he already looking for a way out of this thing? He totally was. He had no idea what that guy was talking about. Maybe something important. Or maybe not. He honestly didn’t care. It had barely been 30 minutes and he was ready to run out of there at any opportunity he had. 10 minutes later he was seriously considering inventing some sort of world ending catastrophe just so he could have an excuse to get out of there, when Pepper called off the meeting, she must have noticed he wasn’t paying attention. Oops. They accorded to finish the details some other day and after they all left, she turned around to look at him and he knew he was about to be lectured by her.“Tony, you weren’t even trying to pay attention! You were about to fall asleep or get out of that door running if it had lasted another minute”“That obvious, huh?” She gave him an unimpressed look. “I know, Pep, I know, but it was boring the hell out of me, I couldn’t concentrate even if I wanted to, all that talk for what?”“Well, since I just ended this meeting short, I just want you to know we still have to talk to the head of R&D, about the latest-““Oh no. Nope. Not happening. I’m done for the day. No more business or meetings for me. I’m going to the lab.”“TONY! It’s Research and Development, it will be short, it’s not like it’s another board meeting”“It’s the same for me Pep, I don’t want to go”Just as Pepper was about to talk back, FRIDAY spoke in the conference room they were in.“Excuse me, Miss Potts, but Rachael, the guide from the field trip tour is asking for permission to the lower labs at the end of their trip where the interns work, she said since it was a STEM school you had discussed the possibility of them going to see the labs”Tony was about to leave to his lab, using this distraction to escape the argument with Pepper, but before he got the chance to, she looked at him and said: “Tony, you are not going to your lab, or so help me I will schedule a meeting for you every day for the next month” Then she talked to the AI “Yes FRIDAY, let them up, but be sure to keep an eye on them”“Of course Miss Potts”“Now Tony-“But Tony wasn’t listening to her. He was already thinking his way out of this. If Pepper wouldn’t let him go to his lab and he definitely didn’t want to go to another meeting with R&D or whatever it was Pepper wanted him to do, then he was going to do a surprise appearance at the intern’s labs. “You know what Pep? I actually feel intrigued by the young minds that might be in there. They are Stark Industries interns after all. So I’m going to those lower labs to check it out”“Is that really what you are willing to do to get out of your real work? Because I know for a fact that you couldn’t care less about the intern’s labs or their work”“Well, maybe I am interested now.”“And why would that be”Tony hadn’t planned this far ahead, so he just went with the first thing he could come up with. “Because… I… want… an intern of my own”Pepper just stared at him. She knew he was lying. How couldn’t she? He could not stand anyone working with him. She was probably looking for a way to call him out on his lie when suddenly, she got a smirk on her face and that could only mean she had an idea he wouldn’t like.“Oh really? Well, then we need to get you an intern, right away. Why don’t we go to the intern’s labs to see if anyone is good enough for you?”“What are you planning?”“We go down there, we make a little test to see their abilities and talents, then you choose an intern and you have to work with him for at least a month. Since you said you want an intern”“And what if, you know, hypothetically, I didn’t choose an intern? You know, what if i don’t like them or they aren’t at my level”“Then why would you say you want to check the intern lab, if you don’t think they are good enough?”She had caught him on his lie. Now he could either accept his defeat and go to another meeting or he could pretend he liked one of the interns for a month just to prove her wrong. He was deciding the pros and cons of his options, when he decided he could try to take advantage of this.“Fine” He finally decided. “I will choose an intern to not only work with me in the lab but also, I will teach him some things, you know, to take my role seriously, like a mentor, so I would have to spend time with him or her, so I won’t have that much free time to be at SI.” He said with a smirk on his own.“Oh, so that is how it is, huh? Okay. If you choose an intern and do all of those things you just said you would,  because you would be such a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Irondad
Hurt Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Hydra (Marvel)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Worried Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

