Work Text:
The fall is longer than Natasha expects.It’s tears cold on her face, teeth bitten all the way through her lip and the taste of copper in her mouth; she’s falling and falling and then, bracing for impact—she wakes up.It’s so unexpected she blinks for a second. Longer. There’s light in her eyes and a weight in her hands and it feels familiar; she tightens her grip, settles her finger on the trigger.Wait, she thinks, this is— and of course it is; she's seen this in her nightmares a thousand times. Lived it out behind her eyes, and every time she tries to pull her aim away from Yelena’s covered head; every time she fails. Feels herself pull the trigger, watches Yelena's body slump. Come on, little sister, she wants to say, get up, get up— and tries again to shift her aim.Her arm moves. She blinks with it, almost fires the gun in her surprise, and then she is firing, one-two-three and a pivot, four, and Madame and their guards are nothing more than corpses heavier than Yelena could ever have been.“Yelena,” Natasha says, the word cracking in her throat, and she's already moving; yanking the bag off Yelena's head, pulling at the ropes binding her hands. “Yelena, little sister, tovarisch,” and brushes the tears off Yelena's face, smoothes down her pale blonde hair where it's sticking up static-rough from the bag. Kisses her cheeks, blotchy and red, salt-chapped.“Natalia,” Vasilia says, uncertain: this isn't supposed to happen. None of the other girls have moved. Waiting, she thinks, for her next move.“Come on,” she says, surprised all over again at the pitch of her own voice higher than she expects. “Stay and die, if you like, or come with me.” They follow her lead without speaking, and Natasha has the time to think: god, could it really have been this simple? There are more guards in the hall, but they're not alerted by the gunfire, not on edge the way they should be, and Natasha's got thirty years of battle experience in her, takes down three of them easy as breathing. Evgenia gets another, breaks his neck, and Svetlana picks up his gun, shoots the last.“Sisters,” Natasha says, breathless not from the fight but from the shock of it, this fall back into a child-body and an old nightmare she's fixing moment by moment. “Get your sisters.”“Is this a test?” Olga asks, and Natasha grins at her, shows all her teeth.“No,” she says; it'd be easier to say yes, to take advantage of their willingness to be tested, to let her take the lead on a new and baffling exam they don't have to understand to succeed on. “It's not a test. It's an escape.” She's taking a risk, she knows; remembers that Oksana failed to escape and died only a month ago, executed in the courtyard while all her sisters watched as cold and as silent as the snow that had caught on their hair, their eyelashes. The message had been clear; no-one had had to say it.It didn't stop more of them trying. Yelena was the first one they were asked to execute themselves. She'd been given a test: spar with Inna, only ten years old to Yelena's fifteen, and Inna had been smart and whip-strong but of course no match for Yelena, her height, her muscle. Finish it, their trainers had said, and Yelena had done it: the snap echoing through the room louder than the shot that'd seen Oksana reduced to nothing but a body and blood bright on the snow. Yelena had been sick all night, shaking all over so that her cuffs rattled against the frame of her bed, and Natasha had known somehow that come morning she'd make a desperate break for it one way or the other.“We’re going,” she says, shaking the memory off, “we’re leaving,” and hopes against hope that the difference will be doing it all at once.“But Madame—” Olga starts, and Svetlana makes a harsh noise in the back of her throat.“Fuck Madame,” she says, and the Russian invective resonates down through Natasha's bones; she's missed this. “Remember Nadezhda?”“Yes,” Olga says; they all remember Nadezhda. Natasha watches their expressions shift: wolf-girls, turning sharp against their captors.“The little ones,” Vasilia says, “Evgenia, Olga, come with me and get the little ones. Sveta, take Yelena. Natalia, sister, where will you meet us?”Vasilia knows, Natasha thinks; Vasilia knows what she's about to do, and she has no time to waste but takes a moment anyway to wonder how, how she knows this. Has Vasilia planned it too, this tiny and steel-sharp blade held carefully in the most hidden space within her. Has she seen where they keep him when he's not teaching them how to kill a man silent as a ghost.“The armory,” she says, “the corridor before the armory. Don't go in until I'm there.”“Where are you going?” Olga says, the edge of panic creeping into her voice, and Vasilia holds Natasha's gaze.“Soldat,” she says, “she's going for the Soldat,” and Natasha nods just once.“You'll need help,” Svetlana says,”let me come with you, sestra,” and Natasha shakes her head no.“I can do it alone,” she tells them. “I have to do it alone. Go. I'll 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Endgame
Various Background Relationships - Freeform
Red Room (Marvel)
discussion of Red Room reproductive violence
Pining
spot the Marvel cameos
Family
animal cruelty mention
animal death mention

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson

