Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text


”Caught me at the right time, baby. I was at the edge, I was at the end. Made me feel like there is life worth living. Made me feel alive, turn me on my side.” - Summer Walker (CPR)

There was a spot on the top of her forearm, about three inches past her elbow, that itched. Darcy could think of nothing else. Well, nothing else until the plane dipped and her stomach dropped. It reminded her of that roller coaster her dad had insisted she ride with him when she was twelve years old. “Wouldn’t that be some shit if we died because of turbulence?” she muttered.
The question went unanswered because Jane’s nose was five inches from the screen of a tablet as she scanned an email sent to her by an old colleague. It had been a difficult few weeks. Darcy was closer to throwing in the towel than she’d ever been, even with all the craziness that had happened.
“My arm itches,” she said. Jane didn’t respond to that either.
Darcy rubbed the plaster of the cast covering her forearm. It didn’t help with the itch; nothing did. If only she hadn’t been navigating the stairs to retrieve coffee for Jane when she’d vanished then she wouldn’t be in this predicament with a broken arm and a boss turned friend turned… whatever. Darcy wasn’t sure if Jane had ever been her friend. It felt more and more like a one-way street nowadays and maybe it always had been. Maybe she’d been willfully blind, too stupid or too desperate to live vicariously through Jane. Jane’s world revolved around science and a quest for knowledge. There wasn’t energy to spare for Darcy. She couldn’t blame Jane for it. Jane hadn’t changed. Darcy had just pulled off her rose-colored glasses.
“How’d you do it?”
She looked up to see a woman not much older than her looking down at the cast. The woman had a scarf around her neck and was pushing the beverage cart down the narrow aisle of the plane. “I fell down a flight of stairs,” Darcy said, giving her a tight smile.
It earned her a sympathetic one in return. “From the reappearance?”
Darcy nodded. “Yep. If only I had been lying in bed, right?”
“I’m just glad I wasn’t working that day. I was home.”
“Oh. Oh, didn’t think of that. Yeah, that was good for you. It sure would suck falling from six miles up in the air.”
The woman smiled again. “Do you want something to drink?”
“Vodka and soda?”
“Your friend?”
She looked over at Jane before turning back to the flight attendant. “Same as me. I’ll take them both.”
 
 
Jane’s bag was half-packed and she was on the phone with someone who spoke fluent Science. The only part of the discussion Darcy had caught was that they were leaving for upstate New York soon. They’d just arrived in New York City yesterday. Darcy hadn’t seen her parents since the incident because she and Jane had been trapped in Iceland for over four weeks while the world figured out how to adjust. Everything looked strange, like they were living in one of those disaster documentaries where nature had started creeping into the cities and taking over abandoned areas that were no longer inhabited.
Darcy waved at Jane and mouthed, “My parents.” She used two fingers to mime someone walking and whispered, “We were going to see my parents.”
Jane frowned and swiped her hand through the air before walking over to the window of the hotel room they were sharing. It was a clear dismissal. Darcy didn’t make the decisions in this relationship. She got the snacks and arranged the transportation and made sure Jane didn’t forget her fucking head when she walked out of a room, but Darcy didn’t make the decisions. God, her arm itched so much it hurt. She unsuccessfully attempted to shove the complimentary pen provided by the hotel underneath the edge of the cast to ease the irritation.
“We need to go to Albany,” Jane said after disconnecting with whoever had been on the line.
“Jane, we were going to see my parents in Maine. They’ve been on my ass and you said you would run interference for me since they are determined to undermine my life choices,” Darcy replied, trying to keep her voice calm.
Jane shook her head. “Change of plans. They successfully traveled through time.”
“They who?”
“The Avengers.”
Darcy raised her brows. “Thor? Is he okay?”
“I don’t know, Darcy. But time travel. We have to go. Dr. Henry Pym is there.”
“Is this about seeing Thor? Jane, you can’t string him along. I think you really hurt him when you said—”
“Darcy, this isn’t about Thor. This is about a chance to see technology we’ve only dreamed about.”
“You. Technology you’ve only dreamed about.”
“The applications—”
“Jane, we lost five years. Five years. It’s been a month. Give science a rest for just a little bit. Please.”
Jane exhaled sharply before turning away to grab a messy stack of papers on the table by the window. “I’m going to Albany. Go see your parents.”
“Are you serious?”
Jane shrugged and turned away. “I’ll do this by myself, Darcy.”
“You’re pissed at me right now, aren’t you?”
“This is important,” Jane re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Sharing a Bed
Romance
Slow Burn
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Morning Sex
Morning Cuddles
Sharing a Room
Meeting the Parents

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

