Chapter 1: This is Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
    It was routine by now. Something major went down on the streets, the department got a tip from their number one source. The source everyone knew to be involved in whatever it was that was happening--Alexander Pierce. But since he owned half the department, and more than half the city at that, it wasn’t as though they could touch him even if they had enough evidence to go after him. This time was different though. Plenty of people went missing, and that included cops. What it didn’t include, was honest cops, what few of them actually existed in their fine city.

“This isn’t right, Steve.”
“I know, Nat,” Steve replied from the passenger seat of the unmarked car. “That’s why we’re checking it out ourselves.”
“It’s not like Barton to not check in. He wouldn’t just go off the grid. He’d let me know…”
“Which is why Fury has already reported him missing,” Steve interrupted, hearing clear the worry in her voice. Natasha wasn’t one to show emotion all that regularly, so for Steve to easily pick up on it in her voice meant this was hitting her hard. “Don’t worry, Natasha. Sam and I are on our way there now.”
“We got this, Nat,” Sam called as he turned into the gated driveway. “You know we’re all over it.”
She sighed, so Steve could tell she heard him even though she wasn’t on speaker. “At least let me meet you guys there.”
“No. You need to sit this one out.”
“No way, Steve. There’s no way, I’m--”
“At least for now, Nat. This one’s personal for all of us, you especially, given your history with Barton.” He didn’t give her a chance to respond to that. “We’re here. We’ll call you when we’re done here.”
“As soon as you leave.”
“Roger that.”

Steve hung up the phone and looked to Sam, who glanced over at him with something of an uneasy grin. Neither of them had ever actually been to Pierce’s home before. Sure, they’d done interviews down at the station with the man before, and that had just been the same give or take bullshit that always went down during his trips to give his supposed leads. Not that they didn’t sometimes pan out. But when they did pan out and lead to the arrest and conviction of a wanted criminal, it was because Pierce wanted it that way.There was no telling why he’d called for someone to come up to see him now on this Barton thing.
Sam stopped the car in front of the gates and let the window roll down so he could speak to the woman in the guard hut.

“Can I help you officers?” She asked, half paying attention to the television in the booth.
“How ya’ doing,” Sam greeted her, lifting his badge from off his belt to show her clearly. “I’m Detective Sam Wilson, this is my partner Detective Steve Rogers. Mr. Pierce should be…”
“Yeah, he’s waiting for you,” She said as she opened the gates. “Just follow driveway up and park in the roundabout. I’ll call up to Mr. Rumlow so he’ll be there to see you in.”

Giving her a haphazard salute, Sam rolled the window back up and continued the drive up to the house.
It wasn’t often that there was an awkward silence between Steve and Sam, but this was one of those times. Clint Barton was one of the few honest cops left around these parts, and given how the honest cops were all recruited to work under Captain Nick Fury, they tended to get a bit protective of one another. Clint hadn’t checked in two days ago when his shift ended and no one had heard from him since--not even Natasha, his partner, and occasional lover. Fury had reported him missing right away, and just this morning they’d gotten Pierce’s call.

“You don’t think Barton got himself into some shit, do you?” Sam wondered as he put the car in park.
Steve shrugged one shoulder. “Hard to tell. Clint isn’t exactly reckless, but it’s not like he hasn’t gotten into a mess or two. Nothing he’s never not been able to handle, I mean, even if that meant calling one of us at least.”
“Yeah, but…” he hesitated before getting out of the car. “Nat’s right. Something feels wrong this time.”
He didn’t need to say it out loud, but Steve figured it made him feel better to do so. So he figured it would make Sam also feel better to hear him agree with it.
“You’re right. It does.” He said back to him. “So let’s see what we can get from doing this.”

At that, they both got out of the car and headed towards the house. It was a huge place, which was, of course, to be expected. Still, the sheer enormity of the house was simply overwhelming. There were three stories, maybe four, it was hard to tell from the outside, with two separate wings and grand windows everywhere the eye could see. Several balconies stuck out of the outside walls, presumably from bedrooms within the place. An ornate marble staircase led up to the double glass and wooden doors. A huge marble water fountain, that could have easily been transformed into a pool, sat just beyond the driveway and in front of the house.

“Modest,” Sam muttered as he and Steve headed towards the house.
Steve sniggered. “Did you expect less
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

freeform: 
Violence
Organized Crime
Explicit Sexual Content
Past Drug Use
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Child Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Abuse
Homophobia
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Canonical Character Death
Alternate Universe
Homelessness

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

