Work Text:

1936
It was a Friday, and Bucky’s blood was up. He had hauled crates all day, was covered in grime and stinging little nicks, and smelled of salt and garbage and rotting fish, but he still had a spark in his gut and a spring in his step. Even the other guys at the docks had noticed the past few weeks, and they’d taken to ribbing him about his new girl. “You lunks is just jealous,” Bucky would say, wide smile denying nothing.“Barnes, ain’t nobody jealous of your bow-legged swagger,” Murphy would say. “I feel sorry for any poor dame makin’ time with your ugly mug.” Bucky would flip him the bird and wink. The truth was, the only person whose time Bucky coveted was the person he went home to every day. Steve, his best pal, the greatest guy he knew, had always been the thrum in his veins, ever since he was old enough to know what to do when his dick stood to attention. Bucky knew what that made him. He had vowed not to bring Steve low, not to corrupt him with the things he wanted — not to lose him by revealing them — but Steve, as usual, had more courage in one bony little finger than Bucky had in his whole body. A month ago, when Bucky had woken up once again with his hard-on pressed into Steve’s lush little ass and tried to ease away before Steve woke up, Steve reached back and locked his fingers around Bucky’s wrist to still him. Bucky’s heart had damn near thundered out of his chest, slamming so hard against his ribs that he was sure Steve could feel it, but Steve wriggled around to face him, eyes dark even by the light of the sun streaming in through the curtains, and pressed his mouth clumsy into Bucky’s. And now, at the end of his grind every day, Bucky got to return to Steve, got to breathe Steve deep and hold him tight and touch him just right to get that sound out of him, a high sort of grunting sigh that meant Bucky was treating him right, perfect, just how he liked. So it was with a paycheck in hand and a chorus of good-natured jeers at his back that Bucky bounded home with the intent of making Steve damn sure that Bucky was his. Again. But when he got back to the sagging tenement the two of them called home, he found Steve listing on their beat-up couch, deathly white with blotches of red staining his cheeks as he breathed quick and uneven. Bucky knelt in front of him and pushed the damp hair from his forehead, and for his troubles Steve raised glassy eyes to him.“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “Shush now,” Bucky said, “none of that.” He waited a moment with his palm pressed to Steve’s clammy brow before declaring there was no fever. He slid his hand down Steve’s neck and found his pulse thready and weak and far too fast. His own heart threatened to tumble right out of his mouth. “I’m calling Dr. Coleman.”“Buck, no,” Steve said, because he always had to say it, those were the rules, but his protest was rote and lacked all fire. That was enough to make fear snake up Bucky’s spine like a toxin. He hauled Steve up into his arms, ignoring the way he must reek of the pier, ignoring Steve’s muffled complaints about the indignity of it, and installed him in the single bed they shared. “I’ll be ten minutes, tops,” Bucky said. “Do you want anything first, glass of water, bit of toast?”Steve shook his head, mouth a perfect half moon arc of a scowl.“Don’t be sore at me,” Bucky said. He gentled the words with a pass of his lips over Steve’s forehead. He smoothed Steve’s hair into some semblance of order and stood up straight when he was done. Steve was a small shape in the bedding, making himself smaller with hunched shoulders and curled spine. It made Bucky want to be tender at him, made him want to gather him close, closest, consume him until they were a single body that no ailment could touch. “I’ll be right back,” Bucky said, and he left the apartment as if there were wings on his heels.The deli two blocks down had a telephone and a soft spot for Steve, so when Bucky arrived in the doorway panting, Mrs. Emerling only clutched at her own chest and hustled him behind the counter and into the back room, no questions asked.“It’s Steve Rogers, ma’am,” Bucky said when the receptionist at Dr. Coleman’s picked up. “No fever, but he’s sweating something fierce and he can’t catch his breath. Heartbeat’s too quick, too.” I’m scared didn’t come pouring out, but it was a near thing.“All right, Mr. Barnes,” the receptionist, a spinster named Miss Davidson, said. She loved propriety and was always calling people by their proper titles, even piss-poor little upstarts like Bucky. “Now, Dr. Coleman’s out on family business for the week, but I’ll send his replacement straight to you. Are you still in that building on Nassau?”“Yes, ma’am,” Bucky said. “Thank you.”“You hang in there, Mr. Barnes.”“Wait, Miss Davidson?”“Yes, Mr. Barnes?”“Is the new doctor — um, do you think he can help Steve as good as Dr. Coleman?” Dr. Coleman never tutted at Steve, or expressed impatience at his various conditions, and he never, ever said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Object Insertion
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

