Chapter 1: Close your eyes and wake up
    


Notes:
Tony Stark dies, then he wakes up.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
One snap and it’s over.
Tony’s eyes burn as a flash of blinding white light snaps into view; more powerful than anything he had ever seen, rivaling that of the sun and Tony has to shield his eyes away to prevent himself from going blind.
It’s beautiful, is what he thinks, as the flash fades away and the infinity stones begin to sing a song that feels ancient and endless all at once; ringing sorrowful bliss into his ears. His body hurts, his mind hurts, his heart—Tony gasps, feeling like he had just been swimming deep underwater and had just finally broken through the surface. Cool air fills his lungs, but it’s hard to breathe and Tony hacks up a terrible round of coughs, steadying himself with a knee bend down to the ground.
His right arm is throbbing something fierce. 
Multi-colored lines of powerful pure energy straight from the infinity stones make their way throughout his whole body, wrecking every cell and vital organs with waves upon waves of radiation and gamma, and Tony can only grit his teeth as the threshold of pain passes to the point that leaves his skin feeling too numb and tingly, and the sharp taste of acid filling his mouth.
Still, despite it all, he keeps his head up high, staring straight at Thanos standing before him several feet away. The Titan’s mouth roars with an intense fury that rattles deep inside Tony’s bones, his expression flickering between a wide range of emotions; anger, confusion, fear…and then finally, it settles onto one—acceptance. Thanos’s face then goes slack, staring around as thick plumes of black ash swirl ominously around him and Tony tilts his head into a nod, a final farewell to the mad man who had caused him and everyone Tony knew nothing but misery and pain.
It’s hurts to even breathe, but Tony opens his mouth, “I am Iron Man,” and watches with great satisfaction as Thanos staggers backwards away from him in disbelief; his once great empire now falling down into nothing but dust. Thanos back steps onto a crumbled-up piece of rock, and then sits upon it as if he was on a throne—a lousy one, and very fitting one, Tony believes. A lousy throne for a pretty lousy king.
The mad Titan then heaves a heavy sigh; panting upward towards the sky, at the dark ashes falling upon him like snow, and then lets out one last raspy breath of air before—
He too, turns to ash.
Tony stays upright just long enough for the last of the black ash to whirl away with the wind, before fully collapsing downwards to the ground, a long, well-deserving but aching sigh escaping his lips. His eyes grow dim, blurry to the point that everything around him looks faded and diluted and leans his head to rest upon a scrap of metal thorn from one of the many ships Thanos had used against their final fight.

It’s over. It’s finally over. 

That’s all Tony could tell himself, feeling his conscious slipping in and out. He’s tethering down the line between dream and reality and he’s not sure what’s real and what’s simply an illusion, a dream—a sudden thought comes creeping into his mind: Is this just an illusion? Did Thanos actually win, instead?
The last words Dr. Strange had said to him before fading into dust five years ago was a simple, “--There was no other way.” Back then Tony had no idea what the man had meant, simply too shocked watching him and several others disappear right before his very own eyes. It haunted him, those last remaining words, leaving Tony wide awake during those long nights when he had nothing to think of but his past failures. Out of the 14 billion alternative realities that possible existed, there was only one in which the final fight against Thanos would happen in their favor.
Was this the one?
Cheers of victory and joy erupt somewhere in the distance, people no doubt celebrating winning a fight that seemed impossible, almost unwinnable, and the unsettling tension that had curled inside his body begins to ease away as he coughs out a sigh of relief. Yes, this was the one. His mouth struggles to form a smile, and he settles to close his eyes almost halfway shut, mind blissfully blank as he stares off into the distance at the sun making its way across the horizon line, forming a dazzling sunset of orange and pink rays.
His eyes are nearly closed shut when Tony feels something cool and metallic cradle his cheek gently.
Tony opens his eyes, blinking as a figure blurs into view.
Oh.
Rhodey’s here; staring down at Tony with a soft expression adorn on his tear-stained face. Something hot and wet prickles the corners of Tony’s own eyes and he wants to say something; a cheeky comment to his best friend about somebody cutting up onions around them but the words die on the tip of his tongue, and Tony swallows them back with a shaky gasp of air. It’s hurts. Everything hurts. 
Rhodey’s mouth moves, but the words are t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Midoriya Izuku
Bakugou Katsuki & Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku & Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead & Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku/Everyone
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bakugou Katsuki
Midoriya Izuku & Ojiro Mashirao

freeform: 
Bakugou Katsuki Swears A Lot
Sassy Midoriya Izuku
because he's tony stark
Midoriya Izuku Swears A Little
Tony Stark becomes Izuku
Midoriya Izuku is a Little Shit
Midoriya Izuku Needs A Hug
Bakugou Katsuki & Midoriya Izuku Friendship
because Tony teaches Bakugou how to be a proper person
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Fluff and Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety Attacks
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Supportive Midoriya Inko
Parental Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Tony Stark flirts with everyone
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
BAMF Midoriya Izuku
Humor
Crossover
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Crack Treated Seriously
Sharing a Body
more like a mindspace
Bakugou Katsuki Redemption
Bakugou is shook when he meets Tony
Midoriya Izuku's Hair Is Fluffy Because It's Full Of Secrets
Quirkless Midoriya Izuku
but its okay cuz Tony's going to help him be a hero
Protective Tony Stark
Ojiro Mashirao is a Good Friend

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Midoriya Izuku
Bakugou Katsuki & Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku & Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead & Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku/Everyone
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bakugou Katsuki
Midoriya Izuku & Ojiro Mashirao

