Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The stakes are high. Everything comes down to these last decisions. One wrong move and it’s all downhill. So many people are counting on him. They’re all watching him, too. So many eyes. Waiting for him to just hurry up and pick. It’s a lot of pressure for one person. Especially a ten-year-old. 
“We got Wilson,” Bucky declares. 
Sam pumps his fist in the air and jogs over to join Bucky’s team. So far Bucky’s enlisted Tasha, Jim, Gabe, Maria, and Dum-Dum. To the left of them, Rhodey is picking Wanda to add to his roster of Clint -- totally an unfair move, too, cause Rhodey knows Bucky always picks Tasha and Clint first -- Tony, Pepper, Pietro, Peggy, and Bruce. The last two people standing are Brock Rumlow and Gilmore Hodge. Neither of these choices is good. Bucky doesn't really like either of them so Bucky doesn’t really want Brock, but he’s super hard to tag and everyone knows Capture the Flag is some serious business. Which leave Hodge for Rhodey's team.
The playground is pretty packed today. Not unusual since it’s probably one of the last really nice days of fall, and Halloween is coming soon so there are pumpkins and hay and stuff around the fences. The sun is shining brightly and there’s not a cloud in the sky. But Bucky’s parents still made him go to the park with a jacket. He’s tossed it on some bench where it’ll wait for him to remember -- hopefully -- to fetch it when the games are over. Other kids -- the little kids -- are a bit more bundled up. Some even forced into a hat and a pair of gloves. 
“Okay, okay,” Rhodey says when the teams are all picked. Nine on nine. A perfect even playing field. “So we all know that that side of the middle pier” -- he points to the far end of the playground -- “is our side. And everything on this side is Bucky’s.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Clint mumbles. “Do we really gotta go through this every time?”
“That’s because some people try to cheat, Clint,” Tasha says. Eyebrows raising. Cause everyone knows that Clint will feign ignorance on boundary lines if he can get away with it. “Right?”
“I do not cheat!” 
“You do, too,” Bucky replies. He pulls a red sock out of his back pocket. He raises it up. “S’our flag.”
“Ew,” Pietro exclaims. Backs up a few steps and pinches his nose closed. “I’m not touching that!”
“It’s clean!” Bucky insists. He twirls the sock in circles. “But if ya really don’t wanna touch it I guess you can’t capture it.”
“Pietro, just grab the sock if you can,” Rhodey insists.
“The flag,” Bucky corrects. “Where’s yours?”
Rhodey takes the cap off his head. It’s a Met’s cap. Gross. Well, fair is fair. Bucky decided on a sock today. But it really is clean. 
They go over the boundaries one more time and decide their bases -- the twisty slide for Rhodey’s team, the broken water fountain for Bucky’s. Jails for both teams are on the opposite ends of the play equipment. Under the first platforms on either end. Anyone tagged has to go sit under there until either the end of the game or if there’s a jailbreak -- one of their teammates coming to fetch them without getting caught themselves. 
There’s a bit of a debate over whether or not jailbreakers are allowed to cross back to their side safely after freeing their teammates. Pietro insists that they aren’t safe -- he’s so fast he wouldn’t complain about that anyway -- while Brock argues that they should be. Bucky agrees with Pietro but just lets the others argue it out. In the end, the decision is that they’re not safe and can still be tagged while the others can cross back freely.
Once they hammer out all the details -- some serious fourth and fifth-grade business -- they all agree that whoever gets the other team’s respective flag back to their own home base first wins. 
“Good, so then we’re gonna play now?” Dum-Dum asks. 
“Yup,” Rhodey answers. “Everyone ready?”
“Maria!” Everyone looks over to where Ms. Hill is standing. “Come on, we gotta go!”
“Aw, Mom!” Maria grunts. “We didn’t even get’ta play!”
Maria’s mom tells her they have to go to her grandmother’s house and, by her mom-tone, everyone knows it leaves no room to complain. With a mumbled apology to everyone, Maria stomps away to be taken to her grandmother’s. Which leaves a problem. Bucky’s now left with one less player.
“Do you wanna still play?” Bruce asks. “Is there anyone else?”
Bucky glances around the park. Most of the kids are too little to play with them. The rest are too old and won’t want to anyway. Just when he’s about to consider this the most unfair thing ever, Bucky spots someone. Sitting by himself on the benches by the swings. Notebook in his lap and pencil running over the page. Little Steve Rogers. 
He cups his hands over his mouth and shouts, “Hey! Steve!” Steve looks up at the sound of his name, the shaggy bangs of his golden hair brushing just below his eyebrows. He pushes them out of the way. “C’mere!”
“Oh, man,” Brock grumbles. Of course. “Why do’ya always gotta pick him?”
Brock thinks Steve is a loser. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Brock Rumlow/Dottie Underwood
Riley/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Explicit Language
Adult Content
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Coming Out
Beards (Relationships)
Awesome Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Angst
Eventual Romance
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Closeted Character
Bucky Barnes Feels
Homophobic Language
Sexism
Bucky Barnes & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Gay Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Asexual Clint Barton
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Falling In Love
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Slow Burn
Work In Progress
Rating May Change
Underage Drinking
Recreational Drug Use
Past Child Abuse
Foster Care
Emotional/Psychological Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Brock Rumlow/Dottie Underwood
Riley/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

