Chapter 1: seventy-nine
    




Chapter Text
He only realizes what he’s been doing weeks after he starts doing it. And even then, it’s only when Ned points it out.  “I think you’re jealous,” Ned jokes harmlessly, and Peter stares at him with a half-smile, which fades quickly when he realizes. He looks away, trying to think of a reason why. Why is he out the house and why does his mind come up with the shittiest excuses to justify it?  Easy. Peter doesn’t like him very much, and that person doesn’t like Peter very much and isn’t afraid to show it. Avoiding people who don’t like you isn’t a bad thing, he thinks. “Yeah, maybe,” he laughs anyway, and Ned doesn’t bring it up again. Maybe he senses the awkwardness, or maybe Ned sees nothing. May doesn’t either, so it’s not a big deal. But now that he’s sitting here, he kind of wishes Ned would’ve pressed it further.  He definitely won’t bring it up unprompted, which is why they continue messing around on YouTube and homework and Legos until the evening comes to an end. “I’ll see you later,” Ned says after they finish putting things away and walk to the door.  Peter nods, giving him a small wave as he walks out.  He doesn’t want to go home. He just stands at the steps for a good few minutes, trying to think of other places he could go at eight in the evening. The options are unlimited. He could go to a café and finish homework, or patrol, or call MJ and swing around the roofs while he does. But then May worries. And it’s what makes him turn the way to his apartment, head down and mind racing, preparing for it. May worrying too much means Max gets involved, and that’s the very thing he’s trying to avoid. By the time he reaches, the sun is still setting, and he makes his way upstairs begrudgingly, almost all out of energy by the time he reaches the front door.  
Don’t panic.
 He takes out his key and pushes it in to unlock the door. He’s instantly hit with the smell of cooking. And for once, it smells not burnt.  There’s laughter coming from the kitchen, and maybe if he avoids them and walks straight— “Peter! Come here and taste!” May yells from the distant as he takes his shoes off. He smiles and walks through, “baby, come here,” she says, and he has to try and not make eye contact with the man standing besides her. “I just ate at Ned’s,” he tells her, “kinda full.” It’s not a lie. It’s actually the whole truth. He is full, and she makes a face when he tells her. “Peter can try it in the morning,” Max says, and for the time being, he looks genuinely nice. “How was your day?” Peter shrugs, “yeah, good, pretty great,” he says. “I’m gonna head to bed. Kinda tired. Sorry, May.” “That’s okay,” May tells him, smiling as she takes out two plates. They go back to chatting, laughing and telling jokes. May isn’t the hardest person to make laugh, but Ned might be right. He feels a little jealous. This used to be their time.  He turns around and makes his way to his room. He throws his bag next to the door and closes the door, sighing as he lays back on his bed. He could go patrolling.  He really spaces out, because when he opens his eyes again, he can see Max standing at the door with his backpack in his hands. He’s zipping it open as Peter sits up. He gets up but Max shoots him a look, so he sits back down, heart thudding against his chest. Max flips through his things, “you got your test back today. May got an email,” he says casually, and then pulls the first set of white pages he sees so hard that Peter thinks he’s ripped them. The bag falls to the ground, and he flicks through the pages. “79. You know 79 isn’t getting you into the top colleges. 79 isn’t getting you scholarships,” Max starts. Peter keeps his head down. Nothing he says is going to make a difference. It’ll instantly be seen as a stupid “excuse” and just get him into more trouble.  Max stares at him, and Peter can feel the glare boring holes into him, “fractions. You can’t subtract fractions, Peter? Stupid. A six-year old could do this.” Peter looks up, ashamed, “it was—I just didn’t show the working out properly so—” “What’d I say about excuses? It’s your last year and this is what you’re doing? Let me tell you,” Max starts as he takes a seat on a chair, “the colleges aren’t going to give a shit about whether you missed a mark here and missed a mark there. What is this?” He doesn’t look up again. He feels too humiliated. Also, he can’t tell if it’s a rhetorical question, so he keeps his mouth shut. “To think this is what May works for. So you can run around being an idiot.” He keeps his fists clenched so hard that he can feel the crescents he’s digging into his palms, which Max notices, because he lowers his head to see Peter’s and frowns.  “I’m sorry. Am I making you angry?” Peter shakes his head reluctantly. God, he wants to run away.  Finally, May comes. She stands at the door with a hesitant smile plastered on her face as she observes the dead atmosphere. “What’s going on?” She asks, playful fear in her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
some violence
we love may
Child Abuse
Precious Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Kinda
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

