Chapter 1: Infinity War
    




Chapter Text
“Mr. Stark? I don’t--I don’t understand. What’s happening? What happened to them?” Peter can hear his own voice rising in panic, but he can’t find it in him to be embarrassed. Drax, Mantis, Big Peter, even Dr. Strange, they’ve turned to literal dust before his eyes, their remains rising like ash against the orange sky.  “I don’t know, kid,” Mr. Stark whispers, before pulling him into a tight hug. “I don’t know.” Peter hugs Mr. Stark back so hard it will probably bruise, just hoping, willing the man to stay warm and whole, grounding him to this strange earth.  “Are you okay?” Mr. Stark says into his hair. “Peter, do you feel okay?” Mr. Stark pulls away when Peter fails to respond.  “Peter!” Mr. Stark gasps out, urgently this time, hands on the side of Peter’s face.  “I’m fine,” Peter finally says, tears welling in his eyes as he stares at the foreign landscape; the massive rubble, the orange-red sky, the gravity just so slightly off from the planet he’s happily called home for sixteen years.  The dust still rising.  “I feel fine, Mr. Stark.”  000 “He did it,” Nebula whispers later, her voice an odd mixture of reverence and horror.  “What exactly did he do?” Mr. Stark bites out, hand still in an unceasing grip on Peter’s wrist.  Nebula takes a deep breath. “Thanos retrieved all the stones. He snapped his gauntlet and willed half of the living universe out of existence." That’s about when Peter loses it. 000 “Kid,” Mr. Stark says softly, once Peter’s finally able to understand his garbled voice, his terrified face swimming before Peter’s own. “Pete. Peter, deep breaths, okay? In and out. Just in and out, it’s okay. You’re okay, Peter. We’re going to be fine, we’ll be just fine. It’s okay, kiddo. We’re getting home, I promise. I’ll get you home. I’ll look after you, kid, you know I always will. We’re gonna be okay.” Peter goes from hyperventilating to sobbing pretty quick. Mr. Stark wraps him up in another hug, and Peter just cries harder.  Nothing is okay.  Nothing at all.  000 Nebula, Peter and Tony spend the next three weeks playing FIKI football and contemplating their continued existence.  “Why us?” Peter finally finds the guts to ask Tony, the borrowed spaceship humming around them, the cosmos spread beyond the window. “Why are we still here?”  Nebula responds first. “It was completely random. Above all else, Thanos valued everyone having a fair chance at life.” Peter’s stomach roils at the thought. They won the lottery, made the cutoff. They’re all alive by chance. They were lucky.  Or very, very unlucky.  “Death doesn’t discriminate between the sinners and the saints,” Tony says, nodding his head thoughtfully, and Peter can’t hold back a startled snort. Who would’ve thought Tony Stark was a Hamilton fan? Tony’s lips quirk up in a smile for the first time since they left Earth, and Peter lets himself laugh all the way.  “It takes and it takes and it takes.” 000 They’re nearly out of water. Out of food.  Out of air.  Tony approaches Peter, face gaunt and hollowed, and grips his hand tight. “I’ve been—,” Tony’s voice is a rasp. “I’ve been recording messages for Pepper if...” he trails off. “I don’t know if anybody will ever find them, if they’ll get to her but,” Tony looks down, tears in his eyes. “If you want—for May.” He finishes quietly, head still down, hand gripping Peter’s own.  Peter knows at this rate, he’ll probably outlive Tony, what with the spider bite and the lack of a stab wound still healing in his abdomen, but it won’t be by long. Surprisingly enough, the lack of food has impacted Peter the most. Tony hypothesizes it’s due to his increased metabolism.  Whatever the reason, these days Peter can barely find it in him to move he’s so exhausted.  And hungry. He’s so hungry.  “Okay,” Peter whispers, and Tony reaches down, helps him sit up and settles his own helmet before Peter.  “Just say what you need to say, kiddo,” Tony says, brushing a hand through Peter’s hair before limping off to give him privacy.  “Hi May,” Peter begins, tears already filling his eyes. “I--um, I miss you. I hope—God, I hope you’re still there. I hope you made it.  “I’m so sorry,” Peter gasps around his tears, “I’m sorry I wasn’t with you when it happened, I’m sorry I’m not there now. You are the best person I know, and I’m so lucky, so privileged to have a mom like you. You’d fight the world for me if I asked. God, I miss you.” Peter sniffs. “Just know that I love you. Know that I’m thinking of you, and that you’re with me always.  “And I--,” Peter’s throat tightens, “I’m with you too.” Peter taps his heart. “Just like Ben is. And Mom and Dad. And all the people Thanos stole away from us.  “I larb you, May.”  000 Peter wakes from his nap to see a beautiful woman in red and blue pushing their previously aimless spaceship to salvation.  “I knew it.” Peter whispers out in awe.  Tony looks at him sharply. “Knew what?”  “God is a woman.” 000 The spaceship finally lands, and Nebula
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Grief/Mourning
Loss of Parent(s)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
so many spoilers
this is basically all spoilers
but what if peter survived
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
steve and peter watch star wars
because it's my fic and they have to
Hurt Peter Parker
Catholic Steve Rogers
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
a really really big heart and he loves his family so much
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Time Travel Fix-It
Irondad
spiderson
because steve rogers is not a selfish person
and that's the tea
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Peter says Fuck
he's from new york it happens

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

