Chapter 1: ONE
    




Chapter Text
“Excuse me! Sorry, please move! I said  move!” Evelyn spoke as she weaved her way through the busy hallway, bee-lining straight towards Professor Laufeyson’s office. She had been absent not once, but three times the past two weeks for each one of their meetings, and she could feel that his patience had long vanished. Until now, being a TA for his calculus course had been smooth sailing - contrary to what she thought previously. When Evelyn opted to take calculus the previous semester, she had already braced herself for failure. Math had never been her strong suit, barely passing even the most basic of classes despite her studious nature. But under his tutelage, Evelyn had unexpectedly grown a deep love for the subject - and the professor himself.In class, while professor Laufeyson could be unbearably strict most times, he never failed to find innovative ways to make each lecture fun and engaging. Not only that, he was extremely patient with her when she came for extra help during his office hours. She had even breached his lunchtime on multiple occasions, and not once did he turn her away. That was why after passing his course with flying colors, Evelyn decided to apply for the TA position as soon as it opened. Admittedly, she had grown attached to the man; not only was he knowledgeable in mathematics, but with subjects ranging from history, literature - anything she could possibly think of. But now, as she raced towards his office, she steeled herself for a harsh tongue-lashing from her scary professor. One thing that professor Laufeyson hated the most, was tardiness. He had been lenient with her thus far, and Evelyn feared he would think she was taking advantage of his good-will. Reaching the door to his office, she swung it open in haste. And there he sat, his mere presence exuding authority. One long elegant leg crossed over the other as he flipped idly through a book, unperturbed by her sudden entry. He was even more intimidating with his sharp manner of dressing; White dress shirt pressed to perfection, covered by a dark, slim- fit suit vest. Evelyn was a sucker for men in suits, and her professor wore them like no other. She scuffled inside, closing the door behind her. Evelyn made sure to check if it was closed correctly - perhaps due to its age, the door refused to click most times. After doing so, she walked to stand in front of his desk, shuffling awkwardly on her feet as she waited for him to speak. It took several beats of silence before she finally heard his cold voice, “ Enlighten me...what day is it, Miss Monroe?”  Shit...what was today?   “Uhm...Taco Tuesday..?” He looked up from his book to give her a sharp look, “Is this a joking matter to you?” “N..No..Nope! Uhm...I don’t- what... what was today suppose to be again?”   Really Evelyn? Taco Tuesday? That’s the first thing that came to mind?  Sighing, her professor pinched the bridge of his nose before lifting a sheet of paper into view with two fingers. 
 Teaching Assistant Evaluation Form: Midterm Progress 



 " I am highly disappointed in the effort being displayed thus far, Miss Monroe. Out of all my other TA's, I expected much more from you." Evelyn gaped stupidly at the paper in his fingers, and then began to panic internally. She had no idea TA’s had midterm evaluations, so she  did  plan on slacking a tiny bit until finals rolled around. As an art major, taking three studio classes began to take its toll - so much that even professor Laufeyson became an afterthought. But now faced with the danger of failing, she would have to re-organize her priorities. “I understand that you have a lot on your plate this semester. However, I would advise that you treat all responsibilities with equal priority.” “Yes...I’m sorry sir, I promise to make up for all the lost time…” The look he gave her after she said those words made her extremely uncomfortable. Sharp, and burning with intensity.  Uh...did I say something wrong?  Having noticed that he must’ve looked off, he turned his head abruptly back to his book.“Actions speak more than words, Miss Monroe. Now sit. You have  much to make up for.” And so, for the next three hours, Evelyn worked hard in the suffocating silence of his office grading one too many papers. Her professor never talked much, granted. But he wasn’t usually  this  quiet with her. Over the past three months as his TA, they had developed a sort of... companionship. If you could call it that. She was intimidated at first- and still is, but he was surprisingly easy to converse with. After she assisted him with whatever he had on his plate, they would usually fall into casual conversation, and talked about all manner of things that inevitably drew them closer. But now...she could sense that he just was  watching  her, and she could barely concentrate on grading due to nerves. Evelyn raised her head from the papers to chance a glance at her professor - and sure enough, he was staring at her with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s) of Color
Loki/Black OFC

freeform: 
Teacher-Student Relationship
Teacher Loki (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - College/University
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Explicit Sexual Content
Eventual Smut
Dom/sub
Professor Loki (Marvel)
Sexual Tension
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Romance
Drama
Mutual Pining
Romantic Comedy
Spanking
Slow To Update

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s) of Color
Loki/Black OFC

