Work Text:

“Dad…” Peter spoke up from where he laid on the medbay bed. He was really only there for show (and for Tony’s sake) since his injuries weren’t that bad. He waits for Tony to turn back to him before continuing. “I think we should tell the team.”

Tony looked surprised, letting the StarkPad he was looking at fall into his lap. “About us?”

Peter’s eyes widened. “Oh, no! No, nonono, I meant Spider-man, you know. But like, if you think we should tell them about us that’s fine with me too.” Peter hastily added. Actually, it was a little less than fine, because Peter 

loved 

being Tony’s son. It had been so long since he’d had someone to call Dad, and it allowed Peter to be around Tony constantly without raising any eyebrows. But if Tony wanted to tell the team, then he wouldn’t kick up a fuss.

The man gives him a look, like he knows exactly what Peter was thinking. “I’ll only tell the team what you feel comfortable with, Pete, you know this.”

He flushes, averting his eyes. “I know, I know, but if you want to tell them everything I won’t mind. I mean, it won’t really change much, right?” 

Tony sighs and Peter tenses, fearing the worst. Tony places a finger under his chin, gently turning Peter’s face until he has no choice but to look at his fath—no, his mentor. Peter needs to remember this won’t last forever, even though he knows that Tony doesn’t mind the title. “Peter, you know I love you right?”

The boy jolts, a happy tingle warming his entire body. No matter how many times he hears it, those words always bring a smile to his face. “Y-yeah, I know. I love you too.”

“Then you should know that no matter what the team believes, you’ll always be my kid.” And with an affectionate hair ruffle, Tony manages to say exactly the right things to make Peter’s worries fade away. At least, for the moment. He knows these thoughts will resurface later. “But, you want to tell them about Spider-man?”

Peter nods, leaning back into the mound of pillows Clint had brought in for him. “They’d probably realize pretty soon that not every 15-year-old teenager can heal that quickly. And I know I can trust them.”

He doesn’t know what happened between Tony and Steve in Siberia, but whatever bad blood lied between them seemed to have watered down. Tony was now almost as relaxed with the Rogues as he was with him and Pepper. Peter had known since their first meeting that Steve was genuinely sorry, and Peter was always one to give second chances. Plus, his spidey-sense had stayed quiet the entire time he’d known them.

Tony lets out a whoosh of air, frowning a bit in concentration. “Not that I think they’d spill your secret or anything, but are you sure you’re ready?”

Peter nods again, more firmly this time. “I know I can trust them.”

Tony nods back. “So, how do we tell them?”

“I was thinking I could just tell them during one of your meetings, or whatever.” Peter shrugs. “I don’t really want to make a big deal of it.”

“So you don’t want to stage a huge press conference to deny any relation to the superhero Spider-man, only to then reveal the fact you actually 

are

 the superhero Spider-man?” Tony clarifies, a smirk on his face. 

Peter rolls his eyes playfully. “I’m not as extra as you are, Dad.”

“I beg to differ.” Tony sniffs.

“Then beg.” Peter said unhesitatingly, face impassive.

There’s a pause.


“

You’re so grounded, Peter Benjamin Parker—” Tony says, voice fake-stern.

“Who’s that? I’m Peter Benjamin 

Stark

.” Comes Peter’s cheeky reply, unaware of how his words affect the man. Tony swears his heart stops for a moment, and he thinks, 

that doesn’t sound bad at all.


In true Tony Stark fashion, he ignores the emotions, instead continuing the gag. “You’re so grounded, 

Peter Benjamin Parker Stark

. There, I covered both bases. How are you gonna get out of that?”

“I have gone temporarily deaf and haven’t any idea what you said this entire time,” Peter quips, twiddling his thumbs and grinning at the ceiling. Tony bursts into laughter, reaching up to ruffle his kid’s hair.

“You’re lucky I love you, kid.” 

“I know.” They smile.



1.
 
Tony is certain Natasha knows what’s up, and can’t figure out if she’s pretending not to know or if the whole team knows and they’re just messing around.

When Tony calls a group meeting for an important announcement, Natasha gives him a smirk. “About time.” And then she takes a seat at the dining room table, picking some fries and slathering them in ketchup.

Peter looks perplexed at Natasha’s attitude, and whispers to him. “Which ‘about time’ is she referring to?” The Spider-man thing or the father-son thing?

Tony shrugs. “I’ve learned not to question her at this point. Eat something, Pete, this could go sideways real fast.”

By the time they manage to get their ragtag team of superheroes together, minus Vision and Rhodey, Peter’s already eaten three slices of pizza. “Damn, son, you eat more than good ol’ Captain America here.” Sam jokes, taking a slice for himself.

P
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Fix-It of Sorts
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Father-Son Relationship
Eating Competition
Hijinks & Shenanigans
ragnarok team arrives
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Fluff
Humor
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
Team Cap friendly
3+1s
5+1 Things
Swearing
like quite a bit of swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

