Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It always rains hard in April.The rain has been coming down off and on for three days now. The intensity has varied and there's scarcely been an hour where it wasn't at least drizzling. There was a thunderstorm yesterday, Peter remembers, and he thought that might be the grand finale and the end of it, but it's raining again. Not that he particularly minds. A lot of rain now means a lot of green later. Despite the recent rain, April is working it’s magic and all he needed to be comfortable earlier was a hoodie and umbrella. He forgot his wallet at home, though, so he can’t take the subway or even catch a bus like he normally would, and he’s reduced to walking to Steve and Tony’s house. It’s not that far, but there’s a puddle every two steps and his umbrella does little to shield his legs anyways, so his feet are definitely going to get soaked.He pushes open the door to the Daily Bugle’s building and stands under the sill outside for a moment to take out his umbrella. The world smells good in an empty, clean slate kind of way. Like the rain is washing away everything else, and there’s nothing but mud and wet trees and wet concrete to fill the air. It’s refreshing.With a deep breath, Peter starts out his walk. It takes barely two minutes for his shoes and the bottoms of his jeans to get soaked. By the time he reaches the halfway mark, standing at a stop light with a small crowd, his pants are damp almost up to his knees from the slant of the rain. It’s making him shiver, now, but he tries not to think about it.The walk light blinks on and Peter shuffles across the street with the crowd. Across the intersection, he sees a woman with an afro of curly black hair holding the hand of a little boy, his bright green raincoat reflecting the red of the stop lights. Peter watches them walk, watches the way the woman smiles at the boy (her son? Family, probably) as he tries to stomp in all the puddles they pass. Peter smiles at the scene and lets his thoughts wander to the evening's dinner. Dinner is kind of a routine.As often as they can, whenever all three men are off work (or, more like Peter and Tony, because Steve doesn’t really have to be anywhere, ever, what with his freelance career), they’ll cook supper together at the husbands' house. He hopes Steve and Tony will want something hot today. Preferably some kind of soup. Soup with lots of carrots and spices and possibly some warm bread, too.Maybe Peter’s just cold.Probably.He narrowly avoids what must be a five inch deep puddle filling up a pothole just off the edge of the sidewalk. He tries walking on the curb for a while, his sleeve pulled over one hand so the handle of the umbrella doesn’t make him colder, his other hand stuffed into a soft pocket. The rain comes down a bit harder and he sniffles, his nose beginning to run from the cold. It was just fine out in the morning, he thinks.It’s alright. He’s not bitter about it (not too much).He turns onto Steve and Tony’s street and picks up his pace a little, eager to get to warmth and dryness and the couple. And dinner. He passes along the road he has memorized by now; the grey-blue house, the one that’s kind of an awful shade of yellow, the one that’s a nice shade of yellow, the brown one, the pink (“salmon”, Steve had said once) one with a funky looking fence, and then he’s there.The Stark-Roger’s front door greets him as he hustles up the two porch steps. His umbrella is compacted quickly and shoved into his small side bag without much consideration. He knocks twice, because he always does, but doesn’t wait a beat before turning the handle.It’s warm and light as soon as he gets inside, an abrupt end to the grey sky and blue tinted rain-showered world and creeping cold, and Peter breathes a sigh of relief. He has to carefully remove his shoes, due to how soaked they are, and as he pries them off his feet he calls out into the house.“Someone’s breaking into your house, they’re gonna eat all your food!” he shouts. Tony’s voice comes a moment later from the hall off of the living room, making the boy smile.“About damn time!”Peter grins at the reply, finishing removing his shoes and setting them on the door mat next to his bag. He’s kneeling down to peel off his socks when the husbands appear, passing the living room to greet him. Steve’s not wearing a shirt and Peter doesn’t think he’ll ever stop choking on his own spit when he sees that. He has gotten much better at hiding his reaction, though. This time, he plays it off as a cough. “What took you so long, kid?” Steve asks, pulling a piece of lint off of Tony’s shoulder. Peter shrugs and rolls his drenched socks off his skin. It’s nice to be out of them, but he can’t imagine there’s anything attractive about peeling wet socks off feet, and he cringes a little inside.“Copy machine in Jameson’s office stopped working, he had to raise a little hell about it ‘t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
College Student Peter Parker
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Not Actually Unrequited Love
read those two tags again so you know i'm serious
Misunderstandings
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Therapy
Fluff
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Praise Kink
Light Dom/sub
Dom Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Peter Parker
Subspace
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
no officer i've never seen a beta before in my life

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

