Work Text:
T’Challa was brooding and he knew it, but he couldn’t seem to help himself. Ever since he’d nearly died; ever since Erik. He could hate the man for what he’d done to him and nearly done to his family, but he couldn’t hate the why. He couldn’t imagine the feeling of betrayal he would feel if his uncle had killed his father; had abandoned him as no more than an unfortunate mistake to be forgotten. He could admire Erik’s drive even while he detested the kind of man it had created. He couldn’t argue that there were people who deserved their aid who didn’t get it; but he didn’t think war was the way to do it. He didn’t think destroying one culture was ever a way to help another. And so here he was; brooding; because he also couldn’t deny that despite his methods, Erik had had a point. They had the power to help, and they should be helping. He let the mask disappear from where it covered his faze, flexing as he shifted on his perch in the boughs of the tree. He looked up at the stars, head tilted back against the tree trunk, and wondered if whoever - wherever - his soulmate was, they would have agreed with Erik’s ideals or not. If they would struggle with them as much as T’Challa himself was. He found himself thinking about his soulmate more and more often since he’d nearly died. Thought about whether he should search for them or not; and he was fairly certain that he’d seen proof of his soulmate; or so he thought. He knew the myth; that each person had an animal that represented their spirit, and that it could lead you to your soulmate; and he could swear he’d seen the silver glimmers of an animal in the distance. It had always been just out of sight - making him unable to make out just what the animal was. He knew his own animal had to be the panther, and he wondered what kind of animal his soulmate would have that would compliment his own. Closing his eyes, he sighed into the dark, listening to it hum around him. He wondered what it said about him, feeling more comfortable hidden away in the shadows where he didn’t have to worry about judgment for his thoughts of change than in the sunlight where he felt exposed to everyone’s scrutiny. After all, it had been full sunlight when Erik had near killed him; when he hadn’t had the advantage of the shadows; of the panther’s strength. He found himself wondering, as he often did in moments like this, if he really did deserve the mantle of Black Panther. Another sigh escaped his lips and he dreamed of a day where he would feel confident enough to stand tall once more in daylight. The tree jolted with sudden impact and it was only thanks to the grace of the panther that T’Challa didn’t fall from the tree, claws digging into the bark. He looked down, ready for a fight, and then couldn’t help but stare at the pure silver stag staring up at him. It looked to be made of pure starlight, and he stared in awe a moment longer before it huffed in frustration at him, pawing at the ground. He leapt down from his perch, coming to stand before the majestic stag who looked him straight in the eyes, massing antlers looking far more dangerous from this close. T’Challa wasn’t afraid though. He knew he’d never have to be afraid of the physical manifestation of his soulmate. He couldn’t help but wonder briefly if the stag had been brought forth from his own longing. His near desperation to find someone who would understand his inner conflict he felt unable to share with any others.The stag nosed at him, a shove to his shoulder, and T’Challa could feel the concern radiating from it now. “What is it, what’s wrong?” The stag immediately turned, bounding off a few steps before looking back at him, all urgency now. Worry pooling in his stomach, T’Challa gave chase.  >>> Harry crashed through the jungle, breath coming in sharp, ragged gasps. The burning in his side had nothing to do with overexertion and everything to do with the gash that was steadily coating his skin with blood. He felt weak and light headed, tripping over his own feet as he forced himself to keep moving. His wand was in hand and he shot back curses whenever he could, but at this rate his head was spinning and he knew when his pursuers caught up with him he’d be as good as dead. Despite his magical strength, he didn’t have the necessary tools or knowledge to stop himself bleeding out. That scenario was looking more and more likely as his head spun. He stumbled against a tree, crying out as it jolted the wound on his side. He could all but feel his skin ripping further and it had his stomach rolling, bile rising in his throat. He swallowed it back with a grimace, knowing that if he gave into the urge, the jerking motion of being sick would only hurt him further. The yowl to his left had him jerking anyways and he couldn’t hold back the sob of pain as he curled over his injury even as his head jerked to the side to catch sight of what had made the noise. For a moment, as he stared at what looked like the Patronus of a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/T'Challa (Marvel)

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
crack ish
Post-Black Panther (2018)
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Not Canon Compliant
obviously since there are soulmates
soulmate represented by a spirit animal
Not Epilogue Compliant
Minor OOC
Harry doesn't know how to stay out of danger
Canon-Typical Violence
yes another Hozier title
Sunlight
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/T'Challa (Marvel)

