Chapter 1: why don’t you do right
    


Summary:

“Why don’t you do right, like some other men do?”





Chapter Text
If there’s anything Wade hates more than a regular, boring bad-guy, it’s a smart, rich bad-guy. The kind that can get away with the worst shit because of their name, who can throw money at a judge and have all charges wiped away. The kind of guy who has a company dedicated to science, with no questions asked about how they get their results. Luckily—or, un-luckily for Parker—Wade is one curious son-of-a-gun, and he’s pretty damn good at poking around places he shouldn’t be.So he’s been noticing a lot of discrepancies in the Parker Industries budget; extra money going into the development projects, with nothing to show for it, a pretty little burner phone bought by the guy with cash, and a comment made by said guy during a press conference.”So, Mr Parker, there have been rumours of mutants hired by your company—what is your policy on hiring mutants? Are there any ‘super-humans’ as such, working in your company?” The reporter had asked, the camera zooming in to settle on the man’s (admittedly handsome) face. His lips pursed, like there was a very good answer he didn’t want to say, he had only said: “Well, all kinds of mutants are welcome in my company. Super-human or not, as long as they get the job done.” He finished off his statement with a sweet, winning smile, and no-one saw what Wade did.No rich company hires mutants without a dent in their customer lists; it’s suicide, to admit to hiring the dangerous, or monstrous, or terrible mutants. Sometimes it's bigots jumping on any excuse to not hire someone different, and other times it's just business, no matter who they reject, or refuse to acknowledge. The problem with Parker Industries is that nothing changed at all—their lines remained flat across the board, jumping in some areas.Some people might argue that it's because times are changing, because people don't mind mutants anymore, but Wade knows that that's bullshit. And, when he checked some of Parker's sponsors? The name Osborn raised flags, and there were quite a few large, anonymous donations that never were accounted for in any areas or departments.And he never actually answered the question, either—he almost did, but a man with something to hide has either a crippling Pornhub addiction, or is profiting off of mutants through experimentation. Parker looks like he's never touched a computer for anything other than science in his life, so that's out and experimentation is in! Whoop! Except, not really, because the E-word makes his trigger finger itch.
 Everything makes your trigger finger itchy, that’s why you shoot so many people. Idiot.
"White, you're such a buzzkill!" Wade slashes his hand around by his head, like he's trying to murder a particularly vicious bee. "I'm clearly going for some clear, smooth exposition here, you dumbass!"Anyway...Yeah, Wade has done his research, and he's positive that Peter Parker is bad news. All he has to do now is tell Spidey—his absolute best-friend in the entire world, aside from Logan and Yukio, and Death—so they can go all in, guns blazing, and look totally badass while kicking Parker in his cute, dumb, evil face. And then Spider-Man will take off his mask, and be super, duper hot, and they'll make out, and...
Is he for real? White, tell me he doesn't actually think that's going to happen.

 You're crazier than us if you think that's going to happen, dickwad.
"Shut up, you guys," Wade pouts, dangling his legs over the edge of the roof. He kicks his feet, and makes sure to keep a tight hold on his file of evidence, so Spidey won't give him that familiar stare of disapproval. "I don't have to listen to you!"
We're literally inside your head. You don't have a choice, like, at all.
"I could always blow you out of my brain, my dear Yellow!" Wade says, his fingers scrabbling with his thigh-holster. "Whaddaya going to do then, huh?"Shouldn't you message Spidey before waiting for him?  White makes an excellent point, his interjection pushing thoughts of Spider-Man through Wade's brain. He's not complaining; not at all, and neither are the boxes. They love Spidey as much as he does, they're just pessimistic assholes who like to watch him suffer. Spidey's not that hot, Yellow says, and Wade almost drops his evidence.Take that back!  White shouts by Wade's ear, and he almost takes a nose-dive off the building from fright. He fumbles for his phone, hushing the boxes with every spare breath as they bicker. Spidey always knows how to make them quiet, with his pretty, artificial voice and sexy, commanding presence. He types out a quick message with one thumb, his other hand busy peeling his mask up to rest on the bridge of his nose.
hey spidy bby i hav sum kool evidence stuff 4 u, cum 2 normal roof <333
His legs are still kicking back and forth, not unlike a child who's been made to sit still by their mother. He's antsy, there's no denying that; his instincts,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Identity Issues
Secret Identity Fail
Assumptions
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Insecure Wade Wilson
POV Wade Wilson
Schizophrenic Wade Wilson
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter is a Little Shit
POV Peter Parker
Adult Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Attempted Murder
Oblivious Wade Wilson
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
My First Spideypool Fic
Angst and Feels
First Kiss
Mental Anguish
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Homophobic Language
Kidnapping
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

