Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This was unacceptable. Nobody could simply just drink all of Clint’s apple juice and expect to get away unharmed. “You get 2 seconds to come forwards whoever keeps stealing my apple juice or I’m outing every single one of your apple juice stealing asses.” 
“You don't have anything on anyone. There's no way.” Natasha crossed her arms.
“I might not know much, but I know you practice ballet to romantic music for at least an hour each night.” Clint smirked. With that, the whole room shifted from a tone of amusement because of Clint’s apple juice to one of fear. If he had trash on Natasha, he had trash on everyone. “Those vents are extremely easy to see and sound resonates up there.” Clint responded to everyone's fearful looks.
---
“Where are the tarts of the pop?” Thor bellowed. Thor without his poptarts is worse than Tony without his coffee. Even without any threat, everyone in the room became nervous. “Well?” Thor asked expectantly.
“Too unhealthy for me” said Steve putting his hands up.
“What do you mean to unhealthy? You are literally Captain America!?”
“Very funny” Steve responded clearly unamused.
“I MUST HAVE THE TARTS OF THE POP!” Thor bellowed once again. 
---
“After thorough investigation done by our very own lie detector, Natasha Romanoff, we have come to the conclusion that someone is breaking into the tower at night to steal my Apple juice and Thor’s poptarts.” Clint announced proudly.
“That's ridiculous” Steve said bewildered.
“With Friday? Nobody that shouldn't be here is going to be able to get in.” Bruce stated.
“Exactly. That's why we need to figure out who is able to trick me, because you don't just do that, or who is powerful enough to break into the tower and override Friday on a nightly basis.” Obviously there'd be some important reason to figure this out, if there wasn't there was no way Clint could have persuaded her to do this.
With a new understanding of the matter at hand, everyone nodded in understanding and made a plan. Tonight, they would stake out and wait for the culprit of their missing snacks and hopefully take him in for questioning on why he would decide to steal sips of a five dollar bottle of Apple juice rather than the millions of dollars in tech they had there.
---
With his metabolism, Peter had to eat like, every two hours. Normally, it wasn't an issue until it was time to patrol. Normally he would patrol for about four hours, and since the whole time on patrol he was active the whole time, he would run out of energy really fast, so lately he's just been making stops to the tower to get a quick sip of Apple  juice, and then sometimes if he was in the mood some pop tarts and then he’d head right back out. 
The crime had finally taken a quick break, or at least he couldn’t hear anyone shrieking right now, but nonetheless he felt guilty as he swung though the window of the tower. He was about to take off his mask when his Spidey Sense suddenly flared and he jumped back, but not quick enough because he felt two strong hands grab his wrists and then a voice say, “Gotcha,” before he was knocked out.
---
“What the hell?” Clint finally said. The body of freaking Spider-Man was currently being cuffed to a chair after Steve had quickly knocked him out. “Freaking Spider-Man has been stealing all of my apple juice in the middle of his patrols? Is he allowed to do this?”
“I’m pretty sure no one ever gave him permission to do this, and Tony is protective over his tower so he definitely wouldn’t be letting him in, especially without telling us.” Natasha stated.
“He’s kept secrets from us before” said Steve as he shrugged his shoulders. Before anyone could respond, Spider-Man had already begun to wake up.
---
Shit. How did this happen? He literally was just stopping in for some juice when he was knocked out and taken captive in his fa-bother figure’s home. “Er, uh guys I sort of have a job to get back to and tomorrow I have school, I mean college, to get back to so if I could just get the juice and go…” He trailed off.
“Why are you breaking in here and hacking Friday to not see you as a threat?” A hello would’ve been nice Peter thought as they rambled on. 
“Would you believe me if I said I needed suit repairs?” This was officially the worst timeline. How was he supposed to explain that “oh yeah by the way I get hungry sometimes so I take apple juice. I also have this father son relationship with Tony Stark and clearly he hasn't told you about me.” They would most definitely not believe him on that. 
“No.” Responded Clint sharply. Jeeze, this man loved his apple juice.
“Fine, I get hungry on patrol and you guys have sugary food to get some energy back in me so I can make it the rest of the night without paying out.” He was glad that he was wearing a mask, because he was blushing furiously because he just had to explain that he had snack breaks on his patrolling.
“Okay, but why go through the extra work if hacking Friday?” 
“Hack Friday? I know what happens when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Robbery
Confusion
Kidnapping
Fluff
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Protective Tony Stark
Poptarts
Snacks & Snack Food
How Do I Tag
I Tried

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

