Chapter 1: wtf is a fluffer, anyways
    




Chapter Text

“I’m sorry; I can’t,” Peter apologized, using his shoulder to hold his phone up. As he pressed his ear against the phone, he pressed a bunch of noises. “Oof, sorry, Ned.” 
 
“Just slow down,” he breathes. “Where are you into such a hurry?” 
 
“Ned, I have work,” he said, picking up his phone. 
 
Peter has a thing about time. Thing was, he was never on it. 
 
“Oh, really? You’re gonna land a stable job so you can go to Comic Con with us?” Michelle asked, who was now joined in on the joint call. 
 
“Yes,” he sighed. “Well, hopefully… eventually.” 
 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Ned threw his head back and swirled in his chair. 
 
“It’s an internship, which 

may

 lead to a job,” Peter said, slightly out of breath as he sprinted down the streets. “Hopefully. Fingers crossed, guys. I gotta go.” 
 
“Good luck!” Ned said before he ended the call. 
 
Despite his rush, Peter took a moment to gather his thoughts. Lost, he stood in front of the Avengers Compound, which was all looking way too intimidating for his liking at the moment. 
 
He pocketed his phone, crossing his fingers as he stepped inside the building. 
 
“Can I help you?” the receptionist asked, not bothering to look up from her screen. 
 
“Hi, uh, Parker,” he said, stumbling to her desk. “It’s my first day.” 
 
She frowned, scrolling the mouse. “Uh, I’m sorry, my computer’s having trouble,” she said, scratching the back of her neck. “Um—” She tore her eyes away from the screen to look at Peter, and she smiled. “Oh, well, you’ll be just down the hall, Mr. Parker.” 
 
“Thank you, ma’am,” he said, accepting the ID pass. He slipped the lanyard over his head and headed down through the door to her left. 
 
“Good luck,” she mumbled. Even quieter, so quiet that Peter wouldn’t have caught it if not for his heightened senses, “They’re going to tear you apart.” 
 
He stopped, hand letting go of the doorknob. “Did you say something?” 
 
“Hmm?” She hummed, looking away. “No, I don’t think I did.” She slapped the side of her computer. “Damn thing.” 
 
“Try unplugging it and plugging it back in,” he offered, slipping through the door without another thought. 
 
As soon as he stepped through the doors, he was met by a man standing outside his car. “Mr. Stark does 

not 

like to waste time. Let’s get going.” 
 
Peter stumbled into the backseat. Once buckled, he peered past the seat to look at his Chauffeur. “I’m working with Mr. Stark?” he exclaimed. “Whoa, I mean, I knew it was his labs, but I didn’t know I’d be working under him.” 
 
The driver snorted. “Well, you won’t be working 

above 

him.” 
 
Peter opened his mouth to ask, but the car had already stopped. “We’re here.” 
 
Peter climbed out of the car and knocked on the window. “This place is so big you have to 

drive?” 

Exasperated, he started to roll up the window. “Thank you!” He called desperately, but the car was already gone. 
 
Then, Peter turned back to what stood in front of him. The Avengers campus was enormous, but he was far from what he understood was SI. He recognized the main building from the newspapers, but this? He had no idea what this was. 
 
He knocked on the door, but as soon as he did, the door creaked. 
 
“Hello?” he called, stepping inside. “I… What…?” 
 
As soon as he stepped inside, he stumbled over scattered shoes littering the entrance. He stepped over the shoes, compiling the urge to clean the mess, and found himself in a dimly lit living room. 
 
If he thought his apartment was a mess, he doesn’t think as much now. Especially not when one compares it to 

this. 

No, this, this is a pigsty. This is a mess. 
 
“How may I assist you?” a voice spoke, surrounding Peter. He jumped, almost on the ceiling, but he refrained. 
 
“Uh, I’m lost,” he said, looking around. Suddenly, a laughter sounded, and he spun on his heels to find the one and only Tony Stark. 
 
Now, they’d met before. Not like this, of course. Iron Man and Spiderman — they met, of course, but lowly Peter Parker? The last time and first time he saw the real Tony Stark was when he was five years old at the expo. 
 
“That’s Friday,” he says. “You’re the new slave.” 
 
Peter smiles, a joke. This Tony, he’s quite the charmer. With jokes. That’s his thing, right? Jokes. 
 
…
 
He doesn’t look like he’s joking.
 
Peter laughs because what else is he supposed to do when his new boss says something weird with a straight face? 
 
He prays to God it’s a joke. “Yes, sir. Peter Parker,” he says, holding his hand out. 
 
Tony looks him up and down. “You know who I am.” 
 
“Yes,” he says, nodding. “Also, sir, I’d like to say thank you for giving me this opportunity—“ 
 
He flashes a predatory grin. “Don’t thank me yet,” he says, leaning in close. He’s directly next to his right ear when he whispers, “If you even get through the 

day, 

I’ll be surprised.” 
 
Peter smiles warmly, despite being offput by the strange vibes he’s putting out. “So, where can I start?” 
 
“In 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Clint Barton
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson/James “Bucky” Barnes

freeform: 
Slut Peter Parker
Sex Worker Peter Parker
Innocent Peter Parker
Loss of Virginity
Bottom Peter Parker
Submissive Peter Parker
Dom/sub
BDSM
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Cock Cages
Cock Rings
Vibrators
Sex Swing
Bondage
Sexual Content
Punishment
Discipline
Bondage and Discipline
Humiliation
Twink
Twink Peter Parker
Virgin Peter Parker
Touch-Starved
Dark Tony Stark
Feminization
Lingerie
Crossdressing
Corporal Punishment
Spanking
Teasing
Edging
Hand Jobs
Handcuffs
Fluff and Angst
Gay Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
porn with little plot
Orgy
Avengers Orgy
if the avengers are a family
Is This Incest
don't think too much about it
Post Orgasm Torture
Peter is Legal
Tickling

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Clint Barton
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson/James “Bucky” Barnes

