Chapter 1: Prologue: The One Where The Heroes Are Drowned In Orange
    


Notes:
NOTE: As of March 2020, Chapters 1-10 have been edited and updated to be a bit more concise and a bit less manic.




Chapter Text
Tony opened his eyes. All he saw was a pale orange that went on forever. Two inches of water gently lapped against his sides. It was all he could hear.Tony slowly sat up, his hands digging into the soft sand that seemed to make up the foundation of this place. He could feel each grain that pressed into his skin. He had no idea where he was. The last thing he remembered was Pepper, Rhodey, and the kid. A million thoughts ran through his mind but none of them fully surfaced for him to consider.  Tony moved to a cross-legged position. His brow furrowed in faint confusion.He had died. Tony looked at his right hand. No armour, no stones. What he did have was a scarred arm, the skin burned, covered in raised lines that travelled along his forearm, and likely up to his chest, to where the arc reactor had once been. It had burned, when he used the stones, fire in his veins that moved closer to his heart, killing nerves, the lack of feeling in his arm heralding his oncoming death.They had won. Morgan and Pepper were safe; Peter was back from the dust. That was what mattered.There was no pain now. He didn’t feel any pain, not even that ever-present ache in his sternum from where the arc reactor had been. Climbing to his feet, Tony slowly spun around, taking in his surroundings. There was nothing except an infinite horizon. Was this the afterlife?He hadn’t thought about what happened after death for a long time. He couldn’t, not when he had spent the last fifteen years throwing his life on the line. He certainly thought there would be nothing. It was the only thing that made sense. Tony had never been afraid of death, of punishment; he had been afraid of failing those who were with him. Those who would follow in his footsteps.Was this… nothingness his reward for defeating Thanos? Conscious and alone for eternity. He snorted to himself. He at least deserved a jacuzzi for his aching back. Not that it ached anymore. On the bright side, since standing, he had dried off instantly.“Hey, Tony.”Tony spun around, his hand raised, even though there was no arc blaster there. There hadn’t been anyone behind him when he had just looked a few seconds ago. There hadn’t been  anything. And yet, Natasha stood there. Smiling brightly and with her head cocked to the side. “You did it,” she said. “You stopped Thanos.” She didn’t look any different from when he had seen her last. Ombre hair and a certain quality of sadness in her eyes.  Tony stared blankly at her. Her smile was tinged with the sadness that had been on it for years, ever since the Snap. “Nat?”“The one and only.” She put her hands on her hips. “I didn’t think you would die. I hoped you wouldn’t,” Natasha chided.The side of his mouth twitched. “I think I could say the same.” Tony licked his lips. “But we did it. We stopped him.” A small flare of sadness arose inside him; it seemed like it had happened mere minutes ago but it felt it had been centuries. He felt numb. “Where are we? Are we dead?”“There’s some debate on the subject of where we are, but the general consensus is that we’re dead. I, personally, think we’re trapped in some remnant of the Infinity Stones. Tony’s ears perked up. “Debate? Who?” There was still no one around except the two of them.She held out her hand, halfway between them. For some reason, he knew that she couldn’t grab him, couldn’t touch him. He knew he needed to reach out. There was something about this place that had etched unspoken rules into his very existence.Tony took her hand, his fingers intertwining with Natasha’s.Reality shifted. A slight ripple ran through the air and a Torii-like building appeared behind Nat. Three silhouettes stood around it.He recognized two of them. The last one, he had only ever heard of from Nebula.Tony gave Vision a half-hearted wave. At least he had his whole head intact. “What’s going on? Why is Loki here?” he asked, turning back to Natasha.Natasha shrugged. “I don’t know. I was alone here for a while until someone named Ronan the Accuser passed through. Then, there was no one until Loki.” She looked in the direction of the three people behind her. ”Everyone else showed up pretty quick, and then nothing until you.”Tony had been watching Loki out of the corner of his eye. For a god of chaos, he looked disinterested and morose. Static. Thor had told them that Loki had bargained the Tesseract for Thor’s life, but Tony had difficulty believing him. “Has it been tense between you and him?” There was no question as to who he was talking about.  “Not really. I told him about our plan to undo the Snap. A bit confusing since it hadn’t happened at the time. He was curious about the time travel.” She flipped her hair to the side. “There was another who passed through, called the Collector, but he was just that. Pas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Gamora & Tony Stark
Gamora & Natasha Romanov
Gamora & Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Canon-Typical Violence
Second Chances
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Human Disaster Tony Stark
Stan Lee Cameo
Post-Canon Fix-It
Time Travel Fix-It
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Multiverse
Author and Beta are bad at tagging
Fluff and Angst
Loki is a big confused
Tony is a big sad
Team Soul Squad
Action/Adventure
Humour
Alternate Universe
Slow Burn
Time Travel
Eventual Frostiron
I LOVE PLOT
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Gamora Deserved Better
Natasha deserved better
Vision deserved better
endgame spoilers
They try to fix it but we don't let them
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Probably going to be 200k
Tags will be added as we think of them
Don’t copy to another site
Angst
Content warnings at start of chapters

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Gamora & Tony Stark
Gamora & Natasha Romanov
Gamora & Loki (Marvel)

