Chapter 1: back in black
    




Chapter Text
After dying on Titan, Tony wakes up – still dying – in Siberia.Tony could never mistake these concrete walls, nor the bone-deep chill that surrounds him. He’s vaguely aware of his fingers going numb, of the sound of his shallow, wet, wheezing breaths and the burning of the broken arm he’s resting his weight on.Compared to the pain of having the power of all six Infinity Stones course through his mortal body, the pain of his collapsed lungs, extensive internal bleeding and head trauma barely registers.If he’s dead, and this is some fucked-up form of afterlife, Fate hates him.If he’s actually alive but six years in the past and dying, Fate still hates him, because really?He’s had enough..He passes out..He comes to, briefly, and sees white hospital walls and feels the familiar haziness of morphine..He dies on the operating table.Once..Twice..After the third time, he is conscious long enough to turn his head to meet Pepper’s tear-filled gaze and mouth three words.
FRIDAY. Extremis. Me.
His bout of consciousness doesn’t last long enough for him to see her reaction..The fourth time he dies on the operating table, something changes. A new burning enters his system, one that makes the memory of the burn of alcohol seem like a soothing balm.Tony is pretty sure he screams.Then, he passes out.Again..When he wakes up, he feels different.He feels new.Not ‘refreshed’, not ‘cured’, and certainly not ‘whole’, but his physical aches and pains are nowhere to be found.When he takes his first full, deep breath in over a decade, tears spring to his eyes.“Tony?”He jerks at the sound of the voice, so quiet and familiar and heartbroken and hopeful.“Pep?” he coughs, his throat somehow feeling drier than the time he was stranded in an actual desert. When his eyes fall on Pepper (his friendpartnerwifethemotherofhischild-!) the tears that had sprung to his eyes spill over and he smiles brokenly.“Hey, Pep.” He whispers, and between one breath and the next, Pepper is on him, her arms wrapped gently around his shoulders, her face buried in his neck, and he feels her tears drip onto his clavicle.“Oh, thank god, Tony we were so worried-!” she sobs, and it takes much less effort than it had the first time to raise his arms and wrap them around her waist.There’s an odd dissonance in his mind, the memory of lying next to her while their daughter slept in the next room as fresh as the one of their conversation about ‘taking a break’ from each other and the mass of feelings it created when he found out about the Accords.That…will require exploring.He remembers the first time around, how he had quipped about her missing him and then made the moment romantic. They were back together by the time he was out of the hospital.But now…that compulsion isn’t there.He knows what life with Pepper was like. He knows what having a child with her was like. He will treasure those memories for the rest of his (second?) life.But he can’t dwell on them.He can’t take the same path again.Not when he knows what’s coming.Not when it could all be taken away again.“Sorry for worrying you.” He mumbles instead, squeezing tighter, luxuriating in the easy comfort. “And sorry for not telling you earlier about, um, Extremis. And for, uh, keeping it in the first place.” He adds hesitantly, stumbling for once, then immediately bites the inside of his cheek when Pepper pulls away a little, her eyes wide and disbelieving, tear-tracks on her cheeks.“Sorry?” she echoes, “You’re sorry for keeping something that saved your life?” she asks sharply and Tony winces, just slightly, but it’s enough for Pepper to pull away completely and return to the chair at his side, reaching out to grab his hand instead.“Tony,” she sighs, her other hand smoothing gently over his matted hair, “I watched you die more times than I can or particularly want to count.” She tells him softly, honesty shining in her glistening eyes and through her words, and he can’t hide his flinch at that.“Why would I be mad at something that might protect you?”Despite the extra pages in his Pepper-Operating-Manual granted by his six years of future knowledge, Tony has no immediate retort to that.“Because I…kept it from you?” he tries, looking up hesitantly to watch Pepper’s reaction.The hand that was stroking his hair pauses, then lightly cuffs his head, the pain negligent and the motion entirely fond. “You are allowed secrets, dummy.” She chastises. “As long as they’re the life-saving, instead of the life-threatening ones.”Tony blinks for a second, then offers Pep a brighter, more genuine smile. “Deal.” He agrees.They sit in silence for a while, holding hands, absorbing everything that happens.Then, Tony’s gaze falls to the earpiece Pepper still has clipped on, and his mind sharpens as a plan crystalizes.He squeezes Pepper’s hand, catching her attention.“I’ll be fine, Pep.” He assures her, then reaches up and grabs hold of the earpiece, gently taking it off. “You should get som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Character Death Fix
Time Travel Fix-It
Fix-It of Sorts
wow that's a lot of fixes
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Feels
Extremis Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
this author is still bitter about the events of CA:CW
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Genius Tony Stark
basically i love tony stark
and this fic is him going round fixing shit
adopting kids
getting a little revenge
and preventing Thanos from happening
earth's best defender bitches
@ me if you dare
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
oh i almost forgot
BAMF Pepper Potts
because frankly she's the BAMFest of them all
PSA: author has not seen Endgame cause I love myself
Genius Peter Parker
Genius Harley Keener
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
IronStrange Week 2020
Getting Together
Communication
because miscommunication is the devil's trope
if i gotta talk about my issues regularly so tf do my characters

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

