Chapter 1: trope: peter wearing tony’s hoodie
    




Chapter Text
Tony’s used to his clothes going missing. It’s been happening for years: Pepper likes to sleep in his shirts, and he can’t complain because she looks great in them; Rhodey has been part of his life for so long they’ve forgotten where one wardrobe ends and another begins; Morgan has been in her dress-up phase, and with Pepper’s work clothes out of bounds, Tony’s are fair game. His MIT hoodie doesn’t often leave his closet, though, which is why he notices its absence straight away. It’s weird; he just feels like sleeping in it tonight. He can’t explain why. No, scratch that, he definitely can. The hoodie hasn’t left his closet in so long because it used to remind him of Peter. It was what he wore during lab sessions with the kid, sleeves rolled up to his elbows as they buried themselves in projects. It’s what he used to drape over Peter when he nodded off on the sofa in the corner of the lab, far too late at night. He’s spent five years seeing it folded in the corner of his closet and turning away from the memories of his failures. He wants it now, because it feels like home without the added guilt. “You seen my hoodie, honey?” he calls softly over his shoulder, conscious of his kids sleeping down the hall. His kids. Finally, he can say that and not feel like something, like someone, is missing. Pepper hums as she thinks, already sitting in bed with a StarkPad. “I remember seeing it earlier today, so Harley can’t have packed it by mistake when he left. Does Morgan have it?” “Not sure.” Tony shuts the closet. “I’ll go check on the kids anyway.” Morgan has already nodded off, half-buried in a mountain of stuffed toys. Her favourites are the Iron Man and the Spider-Man; she has good taste. She sleeps peacefully, oblivious to the world around her. Good. Ignorance truly is bliss, Tony has decided. She knows nothing about the time travel, the devastation Thanos brought, the showdown in the ruins of the Compound, and she never will, if Tony has his way. She doesn’t need to know that he almost died. Peter, on the other hand… Peter was there. He saw everything. He’s been different since he came back, alternating between nervous rambling that’s nothing like his usual happy chatter, and stiff withdrawn silence. Both May and Tony are at a loss. “But at least we’re at a loss together, Stark,” May had said. Except May isn’t here now. She’s back in New York, probably spending a lot of alone time with Happy, and Tony has to deal with a traumatised kid by himself. He doesn’t mind, of course he doesn’t, but he’s really not sure he’s the most equipped to handle it. He opens Peter’s door without knocking, not wanting to disturb him if he’s already asleep. God knows he hasn’t been getting enough. The kid’s not there. Shit. Shit shit shit. Logic tries to tell him that it isn’t happening again, it can’t be, they destroyed the Stones, killed Thanos twice over, but logic is nothing in the face of all-consuming terror. He half-stumbles down the stairs, ready to yell for FRIDAY to find him, but stops when he sees a huddled figure on the couch. Peter is lying down, but his eyes catch the light from the upstairs hallway as he turns to look at Tony. He’s bundled up in a familiar hoodie, the sleeves pulled down over his hands and the hood hiding his hair. Tony blows out a long breath, his anxiety melting away as quickly as it had come. “Hey, kid.” “Hey, Mr Stark.” Peter rolls over so he’s lying face down, a clear signal for don’t talk to me. “Ah, the fabled hoodie thief,” Tony says, going for casual and only just overshooting. Peter doesn’t answer, so he lowers his voice. “You’ll have one of your own soon, one that probably hasn’t been puked on at some point. Although maybe that’s a rite of passage…” “Yeah, so we just continue like everything’s normal?” Peter mumbles into the couch before whipping his head around to stare at Tony. “Sure, I’ll carry on, go to college. Like you didn’t just cancel the apocalypse a few months ago? Like I wasn’t gone for five years?” Oh. Just as quickly as his outburst had come, Peter shrinks back into himself. “Like you didn’t nearly die?” It’s barely a whisper. “Oh, Pete.” Tony sits on the couch with a heavy sigh. “It’s okay. I’m okay.” He doesn’t remember much after he snapped. Rhodey was there, and Pepper, telling him he couldn’t rest yet, and Peter was crying… Peter’s voice is muffled by cushions again, but it’s the most forthcoming he’s been since the battle. “I watched you die.” Tony reaches out on instinct, finds Peter’s hair under the hood, runs his fingers through it. He’s still here, still solid. “I’m here, kid. I know it looked bad for a hot minute-“ “Your heart stopped,” Peter whispers. “I heard it.” “You heard it?” Tony says, louder than he means to, and Peter cringes into the couch. “No, Pete – I’m not mad, just…God, I’m sorry.” He knows he died, for all intents and purposes, before they managed to portal him to Wakanda, but he ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad Bingo 2019
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
come forget about endgame with me
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Angst
Whump
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Hypothermia
Domestic Fluff
Identity Reveal
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
Not Really Character Death
Temporary Amnesia
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Kidnapped Peter Parker
yeah that happens a lot
ironfam
Harley Has A Suit
Dehumanization
Implied/Referenced Torture
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Platonic Soulmates
Presumed Dead
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Bisexual Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Overdosing
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Code Dad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

