Work Text:
Nicholas J. Fury curses as he catches sight of the timer on his wrist rapidly counting down. He was walking briskly through the streets of Paris, on his way to finally catch a man he’d been chasing back and forth across the world for months now. Thieving, smuggling, and murder were just the tip of the iceberg when it came to one Edward Naviro, and he hadn’t been able to turn down the tip on the chance he actually did catch the man. Having never encountered the man face to face, Fury couldn’t help but worry that the timer would count down when he arrested the man. He hoped fate didn’t hate him enough to make him that unlucky. 
Even if he hadn’t seen a picture of the man he was after, it would’ve been clear the moment he stepped into view of the little cafe’s patio, because the moment Edward saw him, he was standing from his seat at one of the tables, pulling a gun from beneath his jacket and grabbing another patron, pulling him to his feet and putting the gun to his head. 
“This is certainly a surprise, Nicholas.” the man greeted pleasantly, a deceptively tight grip on the man positioned in front of him. 
“Edward.” he greeted, before looking at the man in front of him. He was small, Fury would put him at no taller than 5ft6 max, and he looked at Fury with the kind of surprise that told him this man had absolutely no idea what he’d just been dragged into. “Why don’t you let him go and you and I can talk on our own.” he offered easily, and Edward smirked. 
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you. But no, I don’t think so. He is now my hostage. I’m not sure just how you found out where I would be, but I promise to deal with that breach of trust immediately. As for our new friend here,” and he gave the shoulder in his grip a squeeze. “He’ll be coming with me until I’m certain you haven’t followed me.” There was a flash of something in the bright green eyes of the man being held, confirming at least that the man spoke English, but Fury wasn’t quite sure what he’d seen. Wariness, definitely, but the fear he’d expected wasn’t there. The man was staring at him though, and he couldn’t help but stare back. The man’s gaze flickered between him, the weapon at his hip, and the ground, and Fury couldn’t help but blink. He looked at Edward once more, muscles tense. 
“I can’t let you go, Edward. You’ve made too much of a mess.” He took a step forward, shifting ever so slightly to put his hand closer to his weapon. “And if you hurt an innocent civilian, I’ll drop you faster than you can say not guilty.” even as he said the words, the smaller man dropped and in that instant Fury had his gun in hand, clipping Edward’s shoulder before the man could think to shoot at him in return. Edward dropped the gun as he jolted back, slapping his free hand to his injured shoulder as his eyes shot daggers. Fury was a step ahead though, already standing in front of him, cuffs in hand. 
“Edward Naviro, you’re under arrest.” and even as he cuffed him and his partner slipped out of the shadows to take him off Fury’s hands, Fury was turning to the civilian who’d just gotten to his feet and was holding the butt of the gun gingerly between two fingers, face pale as he handed it to Fury. Their fingers brushed and the zing went through them both, and Fury’s gaze immediately dropped to the timer on his wrist. The counter was at zero and he looked at the other man who was staring at his wrist in equal surprise. 
“Well,” the man said with a distinct English accent. “That’s unexpected.” but he was smiling, and there was a faint flush to his cheeks as he looked up to meet Fury’s gaze. Then his gaze flickered over to Edward and Fury’s partner, Coulson, and he shifted back a bit, smile slipping from his features. Fury looked over to see Edward watching them with a singular, triumphant grin, and he stepped in front of the smaller man - his soulmate - and glared right back. 
“Coulson, get him out of here.” His partner nodded, hauling Edward off, tugging sharply on the injured arm to get the man’s attention, and that’s when Edward finally looked away though only to glare at Coulson. Fury turned back to his soulmate. 
“Now’s not really a good time, is it.” the shorter man murmured, frown in place, but Fury shook his head.
“Now’s as good a time as any.” he countered, revelling in his soulmates surprise. “We caught the bad guy.” then he offered his hand. “Nicholas Fury. My friends call me Nick.” 
“Nick.” the man said then, accepting the hand with a small smile once more gracing his features. “Harry Potter.” the smile grew amused. “My friends call me Harry.” 
“Harry.” he repeated, watching the smile widen. “How does dinner sound?”
“I can’t think of any better way to spend my evening.” Harry replied. Then he was digging into his pocket with his free hand. Fury realized he still had hold of Harry’s hand but didn’t bother to feel embarrassed because Harry hadn’t even tried to retrieve it. He made a sound of triumph, presenting a business card for a hotel, and Fury 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
timer that counts down to when you meet
and then counts up from then on
waaaaay post Deathly Hollows
starts back in the 90s
but also takes place during Winter Soldier
it's a wild ride folks
Definite OOC
Prompt Fic
Coulson appears
as does Steve Rogers
Oh and Nat and Maria show up at the same time
again very brief
Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
I can't seem to help it guys
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Nick Fury/Harry Potter

