Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter had no one, it was just himself to look after now. True he got moved to the foster care system or the orphanage, but not many people to talk with and Spider man was hard enough to explain as it was to anyone working there with getting hurt or coming home too later. The house he ended up in was the worse, always too strict with rules and getting punished for no reason to.He lost his parents at a young age of four, uncle was at twelve then aunt just as he was almost about to become fourteen years old. Reality was honestly just the harshest to him in anyway. When he's out there saving people or doing what he could for the little guy it felt like a relief or escape from the life he had to live. Just maybe one day he could meet with other heroes or work alongside them for missions.Until then he has to wait for another four to three years down to get out of here. There's no one to miss at the orphanage or in his school. Michelle had to leave for her family getting a better job and Ned had to leave to help other family out. From the sound of his voice telling him that terrible news, Peter just knew they were likely to never see each other again. Flash's life has gotten better now, which made him rank on the top of the socializing pyramid because of his parents getting high grade promotions. Students and teachers at Midtown now treat him just almost like Flash would to get his respect or for a better raise in the budget. Teachers give him a bit more for Flash's work to be done faster, so Flash merely gets five minutes at the most. While Peter gets over an hour not even students in his class get that much.It honestly looked sad to be sitting alone at lunch or no one helping him in gym class expect the teacher. It made him glare to whoever actually give full on pity to him, he doesn't need anyone. One day it will all turn around for the better to him, just please let it be soon.---It was like any other day in this hell themed household. Thankfully it was Saturday, so staying locked up in his given horrible stated bedroom was the only option now. Homework was done, not much to study for test wise. On his chart for chores, there wasn't anything to do. Since he didn't have anyone to talk with or hang outside of the orphanage, there stuff that was done already.Peter was just staring at the top bunk of the bed, trying to imagine anything to go his way. Heck adopting him or even his new family transferring out of the school entirely. Flash won't bother him, neither will the students or staff. Plus at least it would give him a low amount of homework despite it being very easy for him in anyway. Either that or maybe his new family or even parents would maybe help him or do something about the bullying issue at hand, then maybe it could all finally stop and the last few years in high school won't be so bad."Kids. We have visitors come on down."Peter couldn't resist the eye roll, the lady in charge was only nice when people come to get good reviews. Her voice may sound so sweet and caring, but that was just was just a huge ploy, every kid in this house knows that. For their stakes though either way they did have to keep their mouths shut. For one end on the kid being adopted they wouldn't have to put up with it anymore. On the other it would be getting punished or suffer to no end in this dump. But to make people want to donate or try to help while they can, only kids like him staying here will see her true colors.He slowly got to his feet and made it to the door. The top bunk goes to another boy a year older than him, he made him take the bottom bunk with no choice nor option. He just threw his duffel bag at the bottom with dust and cobwebs lingering down and saying 'well your moved in and don't touch my stuff.' God this place is terrible.Once he got to the bottom step, that exact boy smack his head as he reached the visiting room. As nice as it would be to get adopted, no one would take a boy like him. He was wearing a wore out T-shirt, rip up jeans, his hair was a mess and had dirt covering him. Why didn't they say something before? He honestly looks like he got out of a Spider Man fight in a alleyway.Peter slowly opens the door to see kids of all ages were surrounding the couple. Whoa that's Tony and Steve Rogers-Stark. They were looking into getting a child. Why didn't it say so on the media or news? It doesn't matter, they are far beyond his class. Heck it would put Flash down in shame if not just him, but anyone got adopted by the Rogers-Stark.He sneak over to a small, musky brown lounge like chair and picked up his favorite science books by Bruce Banner he always stored in the cushions. It was nicely dig in there for no one to either reach or find for his own comfort. Plus none of the kids his age or older would even step one foot to where he goes to. They all mostly try to impress the parents or adults to get a better chance at being adopted. Peter may not have much, but at least the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Diapers
bottles
Non-Sexual Age Play
Stockholm Syndrome
Conditioning
Mind Manipulation
Crib
Twisted and Fluffy Feelings
LittlePeter
Infantilism
Humiliation
Adopted Peter
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Tony Stark
Crying
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Carrying
Bed-Wetting
Punishment
Baby Peter Parker
Cuddling & Snuggling
Pacifiers
Poor Peter
Age Regression/De-Aging
Breastfeeding
Dark Avengers - Freeform
forced age play

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

