Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
Peter's day has been surprisingly good. He actually woke up early today so he had loads of time to get ready for his day at school. As well as eat breakfast with Steve Rogers who seemed to always be awake at the crack of dawn. Peter and Steve had become close quite quickly after Peter revealed his identity. The two would often train together and Steve was surprisingly protective of the kid as he saw a bit of himself in the teen. Peter was currently in Physics class. He had his head resting on his hands as he waited for the bell to ring so he could leave and go work on projects at the tower which is where he now lived. Tony and his relationship had grown even stronger when Peter started living in the tower. Peter decided it would be best to stay at the tower and it was also safer for his aunt May who he wanted to keep safe. She was the only blood family she had left. Tony was everything he wanted in a father figure and Peter was the son he would never have. Tony was often hesitant to let Peter help out in missions as he hated seeing his kid in pain. Peter saw plenty of images that should scare any human. But Peter kept his innocence and always has a cheeky grin on his face ready to banter with Tony at all times. "Hey, Pete you might want to listen to this." Peter's best friend Ned whispered from beside him. It wasn't that Peter was uninterested it was just that he already knew most of the garbage he was told. Peter lifted his head up and focused on what Mr. Lake was saying at the front of the class.
"In 3 weeks our class, as well as my other sophomore physics class, will be taking a trip Stark tower!" Mr. Lake's excited voice boomed in the class. The class burst into squeals and chatter in excitement while Peter just groaned. 'Great a trip to my own home. Which my mentor had probably organized to embarrass his spider kid." Peter thought in his head as the permission forms were passed around the class.
"Hey, Parker! Ready to face up to your lies!" Flash shouted through the class and that made everyone's attention turn to Peter who just looked down focusing on the desk that was now fascinating.
"Peter your slip better be signed for real this time. The school didn't take you faking Tony Stark's signature one more strike from you and you will be suspended." Mr. Lake a teacher who very much like Flash doesn't believe Peter has an internship even and was quite open with sharing his opinion with the whole class and often called Peter out for 'lying' and 'attention seeking'.Though Peter would never admit every time someone told him he was lying it really hurt him. He didn't understand what made it so hard to believe. If it was anyone else there wouldn't be a problem. 
Luckily for Peter, the bell rang releasing from his torture. The teenager bolted from his seat and quickly exited the classroom and ran out of the school doors.
Peter immediately spotted Happy Hogan's car that picked him up from school every afternoon.
Peter hopped into the back of the vehicle.
"Hey, Happy," Peter said smiling as happy waved a hand at him. Peter has grown on Happy and the man now smiled at the boy in the back seat who rambled on about his day.
When the pulled up at Stark industries Peter jumped out of the vehicle before it stopped moving ignoring Happy's demands to not do that anymore. The boy ran into the building and scanned his badge and being granted access to the building. Peter ran over to the elevator which took him up to Bruce Banner's lab him and Bruce had been working on some Spider-man projects. Peter loved spending time with Bruce as he read all of the man's writings growing up as a kid and if it wasn't for him he probably would not be interested in what he is right now.
Bruce also liked working with Peter and was always impressed by the young boy's skills. Peter ran through the halls when he was stopped suddenly.
"Kid! What did we tell you about running around this building?" Bruce's voice called from behind him. Peter spun around quickly a blush heating up his cheeks as he looked at the scientist.
"Sorry Dr. Banner." Peter said sheepishly "I was just excited to work on Spider stuff." Peter said his sweet smile returning to his face.
"It's okay. Just don't get yourself hurt. Tony would blame me." Bruce said a smile on his face. As the two men walked towards Bruce's lab completely forgetting about his permission form that needed to be signed and handed in by Friday. Peter and Bruce finished up there work so Peter decided to head up to the living quarters and see what was going on with the heroes.
When Peter stepped into the living area he saw that the rest of the Avengers were already there seated around the dining table and eating what looked to be macaroni. Peter tilted his head this never usually happened.
"Nice of you to join us, Pete. Grab a plate" Tony said in his usual smirky tone. He seemed to be already done his meal just seated while chatting with Wanda.
"Sure thing Mr. Sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Thor
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Feild trip
Protective Avengers
Bully Flash Thompson
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Ned Leeds
Protective Michelle Jones
BAMF Michelle Jones
Protective Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Who is Endgame?
I dont know what Infinity war is
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
i frogot bucky
whoops
Forgive Me

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Thor
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

