Chapter 1: You Taste Like Heaven
    




Chapter Text
Penny sobs and writhes on the bed, fisting her hands in the sheets. "T-Tony, please! You've made me cum 6 times, it hurts!"Tony smirks and moves his tongue in and out of her pussy. "Oh, but Daddy isn't full yet. He wants to keep eating your pretty pink pussy."Penny sobs and throws her head back, riding her cunt against her daddy's tongue. "I'm gonna cum again daddy!"Tony hums and pulls back, sucking on her clit and fingering her g-spot. When she cums, Tony licks all her squirt up, watches as she sobs in over stimulation. "Alright baby, I'm feeling nice today. I'll stop licking your delicious pussy and fuck you instead."Penny wails. "Will you please fuck my face instead? My pussy hurts, it's on fire!"Tony giggles and sucks on her nipple, pinching the other one. "I think you're the only person in the history of ever to ask to get their throat fucked instead of their pussy."Penny pouts, pushing Tony's face away. "I think I'm the first person in the history of ever who's boyfriend would rather eat pussy than get his cock wet."Tony snorts and kisses her softly on the lips. "Do you really wanna stop, or do you just wanna pretend you want to stop?"Penny thinks for a moment. "No, you can fuck my pussy, daddy."Tony smirks and lines himself up. "I'm just so in love with your pussy. You're so sweet, and you taste like heaven. I never want to stop." He whispers in her ear, fucking into her slowly. Penny sobs and holds him tighter. "I love your big fat cock. Almost as much as I love you tongue."Tony smiles and speeds up his hips. "Cum again for me, cum on my cock. Right now."Penny does, sobbing and squirming. She feels Tony pull out and cum on her tummy, and pants heavily. "I love you, Penny." Tony smiles.Penny smiles back at him sleepily. "I love you too."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Penny Parker - Freeform
Fem Peter Parker - Freeform
these are all unrelated
Incest
Mildly Dubious Consent
parkcest
Miscarriage
Suicidal Thoughts
complete submission

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds/Peter Parker

