Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Wade is talking. Of course, it would be weird if he wasn’t and Peter is relieved, because it means he is not really angry at the poor, quivering man laying at his feet in the old, dirty warehouse they are in.He is walking back and forth, shaking his arms in all directions; his right hand, the one holding the gun, is always pointed at the man, no matter what kind of weird movement Wade makes. The guy follows the barrel with his eyes, panic and terror filling every part of them and making him sweat. He is tied on the floor and there is a rag in his mouth that doesn’t let him talk, but he still can whimper and whine and he does so, probably hoping to soften Wade’s heart.But Wade is too busy listening to his own words to pay attention to his pitiful sounds.“No, really, man, think about my situation! I know yours may seem bad, but trust me, mine is even worse! I was hired by S.H.I.E.L.D. to capture you and I did. In a fantastic manner, if I can say so myself. But! I know two or three people who would pay a fuckton of money to have you! Your dead body, that’s it… So here is the dilemma: should I send you to Fury and receive a little, but decent amount, or send you to one of those guys and receive so much money to last for an entire year?”Wade hums, scratches his chin with the gun, looks down, pretending to be lost into deep thought. Peter, who has been observing the scene from the metal rafters, sighs at the whole spectacle.“I think…” the mercenary mumbles, lowering the gun at his side. “I think that…”The man whimpers happily, hope making his eyes shine like two lighthouse; Peter holds his breath, pleasantly surprised by the turn of events. Wade is finally learning!A smile tugs at his lips, immediately replaced by a scowl when the merc concludes nonchalantly: “Sorry, dude, I think I will kill you.”“Deadpool!”As soon as Peter appears in the circle of light provided by the lamp above, Wade groans and pouts.“Not you!” he exclaims, even if it’s pretty obvious he is happy to see the hero. The only one who is happier than him is the poor target, rolling like a tortoise to express all his joy and relief. Peter promptly ignores him to dig a hole into Wade’s face with his glare.“Really?” he says, folding his arms. “Really?!”Wade flinches like a scolded puppy, but remembers he is a big guy with a gun in his hand and a healing factor, so he straightens his back and returns the bad look.“Fury is stingy as fuck!”“Wow, fantastic argument. I totally understand now. You convinced me.” Peter does his best to put all the sass and irony he can into his voice. “Go on, kill him then.”Apparently Wade can’t into his extraordinary level of wit, because his masked face lightens up and a huge smile wrinkles the fabric.“Really?!”“No.”“Aww, spoilsport!”The whiny sounds from the man on the ground grow louder, impatient, and Peter shoots a web dart right in his face, making him unconscious.“Hey! That’s my target! Go find yours!” Wade complains and he would say more if the other man wasn’t walking towards him in a sultry, totally-not-arousing-him way.“You promised.” Peter presses him against some boxes and Wade gulps, not sure if he is supposed to put his hands on him… although Peter is touching him and his beautiful fingers are tracing patterns on his chest.“I know, but… money!” the merc whines, but the sound turns into a tiny yelp when the hero tuts and rubs slightly their bodies together.“Money is more important than a promise to me?” Peter has the nerve to pull off both their masks and Wade feels so stupid, but he can’t really bring himself to stop him and he distractedly hears the gun fall on the ground.Now Peter is looking at him behind long eyelashes, with a sweet and smug smile that it’s doing weird things to the merc’s body.“Please, bring him to S.H.I.E.L.D. and accept their money. Don’t kill him.” He presses his lips against his ear, both to kiss it and whisper: “You would make me very happy and proud.”Wade finally puts his hands on his waist, not to push him away, but to pull him closer and growls near his face: “You are doing it on purpose.”“Doing what?” God, that smile is driving him crazier!“T-This!” Wade looks down at their touching bodies and whimpers. It feels so good and Peter’s fingers are tickling his cheeks, now, with soft and gentle touches…“I could do so much more with that other amount! Fury doesn’t understand that the life of a mercenary can be rough and difficult!” He pouts because Peter hasn’t stopped smiling, not even for a second, and his face is still so near his, his hands are still caressing his cheeks, his knee is rubbing a special place and…“You are an asshole.” Wade announces, squeezing the hero’s hips. He hopes his frown is good enough to hide his massive blush and his eyes aren’t telling Peter how much he is enjoying this, because he still has a reputation to maintain!Reputation he completely forgets about when Peter laughs, without irony or malice, and presses his lips on his sca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Flirting
Banter
Groping
Fluff
Humor
Established Relationship
Sexual Content
Wall Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

