Chapter 1: Parisian Sewer Systems
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker is so done. He’s so done with Director Fury, secret spy agencies, Mysterio and their world hopping, enchanted, mystic arts bullshit. Peter likes technology, mathematics and physics. Things that are based off observable, replicable rules. He does not like politics, emotional blackmail or magic. He likes it even less when it sees him crawling covertly through foreign sewers systems at one am in the morning.
“I thought travel was good for the soul.” Spider-Man says suddenly, his voice echoing softly in the gloomy tunnel.
“Maintain radio silence unless it’s essential Parker.” Agent Hill’s dry tone crackles in his ear. 
“I’m just saying. My friends are up there getting culture and stuff, and I’m,” He skitters to the side, narrowly avoiding a stream of putrid water, “literally crawling through a sewer.”
“Don’t fool yourself Parker. Your friends are up there drinking, because it’s Europe and they are eighteen.” Agent Hill says.Peter rolls his eyes under his stealth mask, turning left at an intersection in the tunnel. 
“Oh now I feel better about being in my situation. I actually prefer, oh gross, Karen what was that? Yuck it touched me and it was squishy. I bet the other Avengers don’t have to crawl through sewers. Maybe Hawkeye. He would do this for fun.”
He taps his watch, bringing the virtual map back up on his heads up display. The strange energy signature Peter’s investigating is still a few hundred metres ahead, at a convergence point in the tunnel system. The map drops from his headset and he pauses for a moment, letting his eyes readjust to the darkness. 
“Hey look, there’s a sign. La mort vient à tous lentement. Huh. Karen, what does that mean?” 
“Death comes slowly to all.” Peter’s AI chimes helpfully into his headset.
“See?” Hill adds, “Culture.”
“I hate you both.” Peter mutters, moving forwards down the dark tunnel. “I hate you both, a poem by Spider-Man. First up, what rhymes with SHIELD?”It’s mostly untrue. Peter obviously loves Karen, his supportive AI. He doesn’t even mind Agent Hill. She’s intimidating in a no nonsense, I’d kill you by raising an eyebrow, kind of way but she has a dry sense of humour and seems apologetic about the whole ruined vacation thing. 
His other squad partner, Mysterio, or Quentin Beck, is pretty cool too, questionable Roman gladiator meets Aquaman costume choice aside. 
No capes! Peter reminds himself while he continues to flesh out his poem. 
The other superhero tried to keep Spider-Man out of the fighting in Venice, and listened patiently to Peter’s mid mission breakdown in that random bar in Prague. And he paid for Peter’s juice. So Quentin Beck is alright. Even though he gives depressing advice. Peter’s Spidey sense hasn’t quite calibrated to his weird “I’m from an alternate universe” signals yet either.
But Director Fury…
“Parker,” Fury’s voice drops into the conversation and Peter automatically twitches, “shut up.” 
Fury straight up sucks.
Spider-Man had been successful in avoiding Nick Fury and SHIELD for the past few months in New York. It’s difficult to dodge the Director of one of the most extensive covert intelligence organisations in the world, but after their first conversation, Peter hated the man. 
Peter’s fingers clench inside his gloves remembering the confrontation. Peter had been scrawling time travel calculations into a textbook at the library, running on caffeine fumes and manic misery when Fury had slid into a seat beside him and set his Spider sense tingling. A power move, showing he knew Spider-Man’s secret identity. He’d seemed friendly enough at first, before he became pushy and Peter became defensive. Fury had questioned Peter’s commitment to his “extra-curricular” alter ego. Implied his late mentor would be disappointed in his lack of responsibility. Peter had barely slept in the weeks since he’d been undusted, and he briefly considered taking Fury’s other eye out. Instead he’d just stared at him through red rimmed eyes, imitating a sullen teenager until Fury had left in frustration. 
Fury didn’t get it. Aunt May did. Peter had tried at first, to Spider-Man, to push through the combination of grief, trauma and anxiety post snap. It had resulted in a near constant state of hypervigilance and hyperawareness. Many phones were accidently destroyed for the crime of vibrating. Pigeons were punched at when they flapped past unexpectedly. After Peter put his head through the apartment ceiling when May sneezed they decided it was time for a break. Time to do normal things.
Navigating in this new, post-apocalyptic world was disorienting enough without web swinging.
He’d spent his extra time on therapy and catching up on sleep and five years worth of movies with Ned, MJ and even Morgan. Morgan Stark, Tony and Pepper’s daughter, who both amazed and terrified Peter every time he looked at her. His responsibility as Spider-man had never felt as weighty as his newfound responsibility to her n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Nick Fury & Peter Parker
Quentin Beck & Peter Parker
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Spider-Man: Far From Home Trailer
Multiverse
Probably not Marvel Multiverse compliant
endgame spoilers
Grief/Mourning
SHIELD
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Irondad
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
BAMF Peter Parker
Iron Dad
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Nick Fury & Peter Parker
Quentin Beck & Peter Parker
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

