Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It had been his fault and noone else’s. It had been his damned fault, for not being quick enough, smart enough, observant enough. For not being enough, fullstop. Period. The end.In hindsight the result was - must have been - easy to predict. The boy had always been an old soul, even at barely fifteen. Even as he had made fun of the kid, or scolded him, or outright berated him, he saw the bright core of the good spirit inside. If measured on the scale between Loki and Steve, the boy was already at the point of, maybe, probably, passing by Captain America on the pure and innocent metric.Could one benchmark a soul? Baseline it? Here is Steve, here is Bruce, you are exactly mid-way between them, which gives you 0,75 of a Steve? But you are also as mischievous as a basket full of kittens, so I give you 0,05 of Loki? How can one measure a teenager who just wants to keep his neighborhood clean against a supersoldier or a PhD holder with pumped up muscles? How do you compare a young hacker to an immortal trickster god of ancient Norse legends?How does one measure a boy against the men around him?Pepper came and went, leaving a pot of tea and a symbolic kind of breakfast next to his elbow, on a secured platform over the flat screens.Screens that had been silent and dark for the last three days. Ever since the battle.He knew what hid beyond their dark surfaces. The AI he had built when sleeplessness chased him out of the warm bed, the hours upon hours of recordings - the apologies, the explanations, the tips and suggestions and anecdotes.The pleas for Peter to take care of Morgan.There. He had used his name, if in his thoughts only.Tony inhaled slowly.It had been all his fault. He got distracted. He had prepared the armour element for the gauntlet based on the Iron Man suit - just in case. He was the one who had forgotten that there may be more than one Iron Man class suit in that battle... if all goes well.What was ironic, neither Rhodey nor Pepper would have been able to use it. He had played safe with Rescue’s suit, making it fully independent technically, and War Machine had his own security settings and protocols, nanites set to his own requirements.Only the Spider-Man's - or, as he dubbed it quietly, Iron Boy's - light armour was fully compatible and based on the same nanite family. It was meant to enable Tony to override Peter’s suit in case of emergency, or to rapidly deploy a new solution or share an energy source... or, well, reconnect an accessory between the two, if he ever wanted for Peter to attach a thruster or a shield taken from Tony's own armor.It had never been meant for Peter to pick up that particular accessory.Not the gauntlet.Never the gauntlet.Helmet, air supply system, even a blaster, if the kid needed it.But not the bloody gauntlet.He swallowed, trying not to let the bitter tears fall.He was not allowed an “I didn’t mean for it to happen”. He had to assume the fucking responsibility for his own actions. Or failings, as it was. Him not having meant it would not help Peter, or May, or any of the dozens of people who had died due to the tragic, technical delay.If he wanted, he could probably count them. Correction, he was perfectly sure he could count them. He had more than enough sources of recordings, all angles, all little sub-battles, everywhere around the field. From Sam Wilson, to Ant Man, to not one but two Wasps, to Rescue. He was pretty sure Friday already had them all calculated.Yet the only fall he could think of was one of a high school boy wielding the most powerful weapon in the known universe.He didn’t need a recording for that. He had but to close his eyes and there it was.  
Thanos. Boasting.

The feeling of nanites. Moving up his arm.

The empty snap.

The elation.

His armor suddenly, treasonously, terrifyingly. Giving. In.

A slender, quick movement by his side.

A moan of pain and fear.

A voice, raspy with heat and exhaustion.

“And I... am... SpiderMan...”

Foolish boy, snapping his fingers.

A choked cry.

The world. Falling apart around them.

The boy.

Slowly. Slowly. Crumbling. To. The. Ground.

Not literally, not in the way everything else was crumbling.

Not literally.

But close enough.

Folding, like a tree cut expertly at the base.

Right.

Into.

His.

Arms.

Tony’s hands shot out nearly automatically, catching him, holding the poor, damaged body to his own, covering the boy with his bulk. He stared into the slowly dimming eyes, trying to understand what had just happened.

Chapped, dried out lips drawing into a loopy smile.

“We did it, Mr Stark,” the boy whispered, voice barely audible over the clamour of the battle suddenly groaning to a halt all around them. “We got him,” eyes fluttered closed, but there was still a bit of a spark there. “We... we got him...”

“You got him,” Tony corrected softly, combing the fringe off the sweaty forehead with his bare hand. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Stephen Strange
Coma
Hospitalization
Temporary Blindness
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
temporary disability
Magic
Infinity Gauntlet
spiderson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Temporary Character Death
Burns
Scars
Protective Pepper Potts
Parent Tony Stark
Serious Injuries
Everyone loves Peter
They live because fuck you AU
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Tony Stark
Blindness
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Endgame went differently
Injuries Aftermath
Peter Parker Whump
Family
Found Family
Cute Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

