Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Midtown has been looking for a second Physics teacher all year, but it’s proving hard to find someone who is both qualified to teach physics to the high level demanded by Midtown, and good with young adults. In the meantime, Monica has been doing the work of two people. It’s been hard, and because her passion lies in teaching rather than in administration, it is the paperwork side of things that has taken the hit. Namely, the internship program. She just hasn’t had time to pay it as much attention as she should. She really should be more pro-active about keeping track of who is where and what they are doing, but the majority of students participating in internships are doing it outside of school hours and have already found placements. It’s hitting her now that she has no proof of any of the work these students claim to be doing and has no idea whether these internships are truly of any value. 

 

Judging by the video call she’s just witnessed between Peter Parker and Tony Stark, Peter Parker’s internship is highly questionable. From the sounds of things, Peter’s just messing about unsupervised in Tony Stark’s personal labs, doing things that are a lot too dangerous for a high school student to be anywhere near. 

 

She spends her weekend going over the minimal paperwork she has for it. She hadn’t looked too closely when she’d received it, overjoyed that a student had managed to find his own placement, and not wanting to look a gift horse in the mouth. She’d ticked Peter off her list and returned to trying to find somewhere that would take Eugene Thompson. Nowhere had wanted to take him because his father had such a reputation for being, to put it politely, difficult to work with. Flash’s parents had been breathing down her neck, making demands of her, and she’d just thanked her lucky stars Peter had managed to land an internship at such a prestigious company and filed the paperwork.

 

Looking at it now, the paperwork is woefully inadequate. There are no details of what Peter is doing, not even a department. There are no start and end dates or hours recorded. The job description is just “Intern”. Contact details are for one “H. Hogan, Asset Management”. She can’t even remember calling him to check any details. She’s been terribly, terribly lax, and it’s time to remedy that. 

 

On Monday morning, Peter dashes into class right on the bell, with the wrong textbook. The whole class stirs from their Monday morning stupor to stare at him and whisper about Iron Man and the Stark Internship and how Peter actually knows Tony Stark and does stuff in his lab. Ned Leeds pokes him in the side and whispers loudly enough for Monica to hear from her desk, “Has the green stuff eaten the tower yet?”

 

“Happy kicked it and it chased him,” Peter answers delightedly, “But we fixed it. Kind of.”

 

“You have the best life,” Ned says enviously, “You should have filmed it, you could be a YouTube celebrity.”

 

“I kind of did,” Peter says, “Only I can’t show it to anyone because of all the top secret stuff and Happy would be mad.”  

 

After class, as Monica is clearing away her demonstration equipment and preparing for her next class, Peter approaches her desk.

 

“Ms Warren?” He asks cautiously, “You - you know how you wanted to know more about my internship?”

 

“Yes, Peter?” She asks briskly, “I’m afraid I’m going to need more details about the exact nature of what you’re doing, along with a progress report and a meeting with your supervisor, or I can’t allow you to continue the program.”

 

“Mr Stark says you can come to the lab with me after school on Friday. You can’t come sooner because we have to do some… uh… maintenance.” He has the good grace to look mildly embarrassed. They both know what the maintenance is.

 

“Oh,” Monica says in surprise. She hadn’t been expecting an invitation to Tony Stark’s lab. She’d thought he’d send some kind of underling to a meeting in her office, if he acknowledged her request for a meeting at all. The most she’d been hoping for was H. Hogan, Asset Management to drop by for half an hour. This feels like overkill somehow, like those companies that invite the auditors in when they’re being investigated for fraud. “I’ll see if I can clear my schedule.” She has a staff meeting on Friday afternoon, but Principal Morita will excuse her this once.

 

“So you’ll come?” Peter asks awkwardly. “Only, all my stuff is there and it’s easier for you to come to the lab than to try to bring it to school.”

 

“Yes, I’ll come,” she replies, “I look forward to seeing your project, Peter.”

 

Peter’s eyes light up. “The labs are really cool, Ms. Warren! You’ll love them. I have to go, I have gym, but I’ll tell Mr Stark you’re coming, and then Friday I have Physics last anyway so you can just come with me when Happy picks me up.” With that, he dashes off to his next class, dodging incoming freshmen, waving from the door.

 

Monica shifts Peter’s Chemistry textbook, w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Interns & Internships
Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
POV Outsider
teacher pov
poor Happy
Smart Peter Parker
Nerd Peter Parker
Nerd Tony Stark
Science Experiments
BAMF Peter Parker
Secret Identity
Peter Parker Can't Keep Secrets
Tony Stark Can't Keep Secrets
BAMF Happy
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

