Chapter 1: You are worth everything and more
    


Summary:

"Threat is imminent, and I have to protect the two things I can't live without... that's you two.""Don't worry, dad! When I grow strong I'm going to hurt all of the bad guys.""I'm sure you will, buddy."



Notes:
Okay, this is my first proper fic of irondad and spideyson, it covers the events of civil war and homecoming, but i’m pretending that iw and endgame don’t exist because tony stark is alive and happy. also, i am english so my knowledge of the american school system etc is pretty shockingly shit.




Chapter Text
There was never really anything to live for. At least, until Peter, that is. He still remembers the day that Peter turned up on his doorstep, bundled up in social-workers arms, and something inside of him just changed.
From then on, he'd vowed to devote his life to that bundle of just joy. Because that was his son, his blood, his everything.
And then Afghanistan happened. Every minute of every day that he was in that cave, he thought about Peter. He thought about Pepper, and Rhodey, and god, he hoped that Peter was enjoying himself with his Uncle Rhodey. Peter was old enough to know that his father wasn't there, but he was also too young to really understand why.
He was seven, and Tony had missed his birthday. He'd missed his son's seventh fucking birthday. That hurt him more than the water punishments, than the arc reactor keeping him alive.
When Rhodey found him wandering through the desert, he had never felt anything like the emotions he felt in those moments. He practically fell into Rhodey's arms, and he couldn't even control the words that fell from his lips.

"Peter— I missed his birthday— Peter—"

And Rhodey had told him that Peter was fine. Tony believed him, of course, he did, and when he stepped off that plane and Peter scrambled out of Pepper's arms and ran toward him, nothing felt finer than in that moment.
-
When he was in Afghanistan, Peter had formed an attachment with Pepper. He had become dependent on her while Rhodey was working on trying to find Tony. It wasn't surprising, per se, but Tony still felt some type emptiness inside him at his son getting close to another adult.
But now, even after everything with Obediah, Tony couldn't afford to not be with Peter at any given chance. This kid was his blood, his responsibility, and he would give the world to make him happy.
So he did.
What he didn't expect was for his own son to be conspiring with Rhodey to get him and Pepper together. He tried to fucking ignore it, to begin with, but every time he looked at Pepper he'd just get these stupid feelings in his stomach—
He liked Pepper Potts.

What was this? Was he fucking twelve years old with a high-school crush?

When Peter found out, he smirked for hours. And he was almost eight. The kid was too smart for his own good.
He definitely had his dad's brains. Pepper's attitude though.
"I don't know what you want me to do, Pete—"
"Dad!" Peter whined. He'd been doing a lot of that lately. "Mom clearly likes you too! She told me so when we watched Toy Story last week."
Tony raised an eyebrow. "You two watched Toy Story without me? I'm heartbroken—"
Peter burst into fits of giggles as Tony pretended to fake cry. He scrambled forward, climbing into Tony's lab. "It's okay, dad! We can watch Monsters Inc!"
Tony gasped, a hand flying to his chest in mock hurt. "Petey, I thought we would watch Finding Nemo? You wound me, Peter Stark!"
Peter curled into his dad's chest. For being a seven year old, he was quite small. "We can watch them all! But make sure that mom doesn't get jealous."
Tony smiled as Peter drummed his fingers on his Arc Reactor. "We sure can buddy."
And they did. In the end, anyway. Peter loved curling into his dad and just watching movies. He loved drumming his fingers on the Arc Reactor, giggling every time it sent vibrations through his hand when his dad laughed.
When Peter turned eight, he and his dad spent the whole day in a blanket fort, just watching Star Wars and Disney movies.
Tony would never get tired of cuddling with Peter. Even when his son got older, Peter would be a constant in his life. Peter was just that type of kid. His kid.

His flesh. His blood.

Sometimes it scared him. If he was told eight years prior that in two months he'd be a father, he would've laughed and sauntered off to another woman. Or man. Depends, really.
But he'd stopped. He was trying to quit the drinking too. Peter didn't like it, and that made his heart hurt. He was trying. So desperately trying to just make himself worthy of Peter's love.
Every time Tony tucked Peter into bed at exactly half eight at night, he drummed his fingers on his Arc Reactor for one minute before laying completely down. And then he'd just look at his dad and smile. "I love you, daddy!" He'd say, without fail.
Tony would just smile at him as he moved to his son's bedroom door. "I love you more, buddy."
And Peter would fall asleep.
Whenever Tony woke up to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Protective Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
Harley Keener loves Peter Parker
I'm Bad At Tagging
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Pepper Potts
this might hurt
I'm Sorry
not really - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort
Field Trip
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
yes i like the field trip trope
sue me
I'm Bad At Summaries
Deaf Clint Barton
Pepper potts is a good mom
Anxiety
wanda maximoff is a good sister
endgame doesn’t exist ok
nor does infinity war
Identity Reveal
not Spider-man tho
Fluff and Angst
i don’t know
dont kill me
Literal Crack
Crack
Humour
Kidnapping
First Love

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

