Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Tony is six when his heart is broken for the first time.He builds his first robot from the discovery channel engineering kit Jarvis and Ana gave him for Christmas, a box of mostly plastic building blocks and rudimentary circuit boards with a handful of blinking lights. It's a simple thing, but Tony has never been satisfied with simple. He doesn't really care to build a toy bot arm that swivels back and forth. No, he wants it to have fingers and dexterity, and he wants it to be able to close those fingers to pick things up.The kit doesn't have enough to build beyond the arm, but he figures it out on his own. He has to scavenge parts from his father’s workshop to make the little robot functional but he is careful to only take the pieces and wires he needs from the recycling bin, making sure not to disturb any of his dad’s work.It takes three months, but Tony is so excited to show his father what he'd made by the time he's done. He has a plastic robot arm with three clunky fingers that can close around a small plastic ball and pick it up. It also has a set of remote controllable wheels and makes a beeping sound. He is so sure his dad will be proud of him. His dad has been going on and on about how Starks are supposed be strong and brilliant and clever and inventive. Here Tony is, inventing!Tony is so eager to show his dad his creation, he runs into his father’s study the very night he finishes the final touches, the tiny bot cradled protectively in his arms. Here is the first bot Tony made, all by himself. It is his first taste of creation, and what a heady feeling it is, to make something that  works.With a swell of pride expanding in his chest, Tony excitedly pushes open the door without remembering to knock and jogs giddily into the study. His father and uncle Obie are sitting at the enormous mahogany desk that fills nearly half the room, conversation interrupted by Tony's appearance.Now, Tony knows he isn't supposed to bother his dad when he is in his office, especially not when he has guests over. They could be talking important business, but just this once, he is so excited, he doesn't think to politely excuse himself and wait until his father has time for him.Uncle Obie greets Tony warmly enough, but the glare his father directs at him is enough to freeze Tony's blood in his veins. He can see the glass tumbler of amber liquid sitting on the desk by his father’s hand and there's a flush high on his cheeks. He knows what that means, but Starks are brave, so he stands taller and raises the bot in his hands to show his dad.Between one moment and the next, there is a rush of wind, but that is impossible, the study has no windows, and then there is a sickening plasticky crack. Tony watches in horror as his bot tumbles to the ground, breaking into five pieces, the fingers he worked so hard to build now crooked and twisted. He looks up numbly with wide eyes to see his father's enraged expression and upraised hand.Tony's hand smarts where he's still holding it up and open in offering. He quickly pulls it tight against his chest, rubbing at the ache he finds in between his ribs. There's an expanding pressure that overwhelms the burn on his palm but rubbing at it does little to soothe the pain there. The warm swell in his chest cracks open, wet and gushing over his heart and it burns, it  burns, and soon after, his eyes are burning too but Starks are strong, they do not cry.He wipes furiously at his eyes before his father can see his tears and from somewhere above him, he is aware of yelling but he can only hear snatches of it between the rising buzz in his ears.“Now Howard, he's just a kid—” Uncle Obie is saying in a placating tone, and Tony isn't sure if he loves him or hates him in that moment.“The little brat knows better than to interrupt—where is Maria?  Maria!” his father—Howard  is yelling. “This idiot, what a dumbas—dummy—Jesus Christ, coming in here to show me some dumb plastic toy—Maria!” Dummy. He's such a dummy. Tony is a dummy.That is all Tony can take before he runs out of the study, leaving the pieces of his bot scattered on the carpet. He will be stronger, Tony promises himself. Stark men are made of iron. He  will  be  stronger....The second time Tony's heart breaks, it is not for himself.He is ten, and English is not his best subject. He’s just started teaching himself quantum theory for fun and he’s able to understand college level calculus but Tony sucks at writing. He knows if he only applies himself beyond writing code, his English grades will not suffer but he simply does not care.He knows the future set ahead of him. It is unchangeable and unbendable, chosen for him before he was even born. He does not need to be good at writing to build weapons for his father’s company.The class has just started learning letter writing and correspondence, and Tony hates it. He sees no reason to write letters that are meant to be sent through snail mail when there w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (past)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - High School
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Misunderstandings
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Sexual Tension
Explicit Sexual Content
Howard’s A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (past)

