Chapter 1: Sandwiches
    




Chapter Text
It started with a sandwich.Mr. Delmar’s Cuban sandwich – the number five, extra pickles, squished real flat – had been a staple of Peter’s life for years. It was Ben who had introduced Peter to Mr. Delmar, back when Peter could barely see over the counter. Murph had been just a kitten then, licking his paws on top of the glass meat display. “Probably a health code violation,” Ben had said. “But who can say no to that face?”Things were different now. Mr. Delmar had grey streaking his beard. Murph was fully grown. And Peter bought his sandwiches alone.If anything, Peter becoming Spider-Man had increased his visits to Delmar’s. He could only go an hour or two before the tell-tale grumble of his stomach became overbearing. On one hand, it increased the amount of delicious, delicious sandwiches in his life. But on the other hand, it was getting expensive.Peter was on his first sandwich of the day when he burst into the deli only a few minutes late for school. Not bad by his standards. “Hey Mr. Delmar, number five, with pickles-”“And squished flat. Don’t worry, Peter, I got it.”Peter shot him finger guns. “You’re the best.” He slipped his backpack off his shoulder and started to rummage around for his wallet.Mr. Delmar held up a hand. “Don’t worry about it, Peter. Someone ahead of you already paid.”“What?” Peter held up his wallet that he’d finally unearthed. “No, no, it’s cool, I got it.” He dramatically flashed a five-dollar bill. “See? I’m rolling in it.”He was, in fact, not rolling in it. But Mr. Delmar didn’t need to know that.Mr. Delmar shrugged and patted Murph on the head as the cat strolled over the lottery tickets displayed on the counter. “Save the money, kid. The guy here a few minutes ago is trying to do a ‘pay it forward’ thing. Paid for the next person in line. It’s your lucky day.”“Wow, that’s awesome.” Peter held out his bill. “But honestly, just give it to the next person. My day’s already going well, might as well pass it on. Thanks, though.”Jake, one of Mr. Delmar’s employees, had finished grilling and wrapping the sandwich. “Hey Peter, catch!” He tossed it over the counter. Peter caught it without looking.“Sweet, thanks Jake. See you later – bye Mr. Delmar!” He threw the sandwich in his bag, and rushed out of the deli as quickly as he’d come in. The bell above the door hadn’t stopped chiming by the time Mr. Delmar turned on Jake.“Don’t throw things at him! You tryna make it obvious?”“Sorry, boss. I just think it’s cool.”
Somewhat miraculously, Peter made it through the day unscathed. Flash hadn’t called him “Penis,” he’d aced his Spanish quiz, and he only thought about Liz twice. Even better, since it was a Tuesday, he’d be spending the evening in Mr. Stark’s workshop. So cool.“Peter, big news,” Ned said from behind him. Peter shut his locker door and turned to face his friend. He didn’t have much time before getting picked up by Happy, but by the sound of Ned’s voice, it was something awesome. “You know the Lego Millennium Falcon?”Peter gaped. “No. No way.”“Yes way! My Mom won the silent auction! You free this weekend? You bring the Doritos, and I’ll bring the fucking coolest thing that’s ever happened to me. Minus, you know, you and the whole pew pew thing.” He mimed the web shooters. Peter grabbed his hands and pulled them down.“Oh my God, Ned,” Peter said. “What if someone’s looking?”“Why would anyone be looking at us?”“Okay, fair. Anyways, that’s not even what they sound like. More like, thwap.”A spirited debate on the merits of pew pew versus thwap thwap started as Peter and Ned fought their way through the crowd to the school doors. Sitting at the curb was a black Audi, Happy undoubtedly waiting inside like usual.“You’re so cool,” Ned said, staring at the gleaming tires. “Will you say hi to Tony Stark for me? Can you offer him my firstborn child?”“You’ve promised away your firstborn child three times this week,” Peter said.“Yeah, but like, this time I really mean it. I want to be the guy in the chair for the Avengers. They don’t really have a tech guy, you know? There’s a gap, Peter. I’m just fulfilling a need. And if my firstborn child is eternally cursed for that to happen, then so be it.”Peter slung his backpack onto one shoulder. “Ned, you just invited me over on the weekend to build a Lego Millennium Falcon. I’m not sure if that’s really compatible with the baby-making process.”Ned gaped. “Are you implying that Legos aren’t sexy?”“That’s exactly what he’s implying.” MJ appeared from right behind Peter; he barely resisted the urge to jump. She placed an elbow on Peter’s shoulder, casually leaning on him. “You guys are dorks.”“Says the girl who read every Brontë novel in a month,” Ned said, pointing at the book in MJ’s hand.She snorted. “First of all, I’m a woman, not a girl. Second, there’s a huge difference between being a dork-” she pointed at Ned and Peter “-and being literate.” She pointed at herself.Ned and MJ continued snarking at ea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Secret Identity
Secret Identity Fail
Identity Reveal
New York City
Sensory Overload
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Not Spider-Man: No Way Home Compliant
Choo Choo all aboard the feels train
Complete

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

