Work Text:
“You will build our weapons for us, or you will not like what follows,” Creepy Alpha  —  so dubbed in Tony’s mind to keep himself amused  —  threatened, green eyes flashing from behind a black ski mask.
Tony rolled his eyes despite knowing what would follow, bracing himself when Mr. Macho Alpha moved towards him again, built like a tank and also wearing a ski mask.  The punch to his gut that followed made him double over, as far as he could with his hands tied behind him.  “Now where,” he coughed, grimacing at the taste of blood on his lips, “have I heard that before?”
Another punch was directed at his face, and his head whipped to the side, spots dancing in his vision for a few seconds.  “You idiot, we need his mind intact if we want our weapons!”  Creep yelled at his partner.
“A couple knocks won’t hurt him,” Macho scoffed, pushing past Creep angrily to the door.  “It’s not like you’re making any progress either.”
The door slammed shut behind him, and Tony glanced back at Creep as he sighed in frustration.  The first tendrils of dread went through him at the furious glare now directed at him.
“Since you won't cooperate, I'll be forced to move to plan B.”  The doors opening again startled Tony, and his eyes widened as a couple guards rolled in a tray covered with syringes.  Tony turned back to Creep when he continued with, “Let's see if taking a few decades away will help you follow orders.”
One of the guards began preparing a syringe, and Tony immediately started struggling.  “Get the fuck away from me, you're nuts if you think this'll work!  Like hell I'm letting you inject me with that shit!”
Despite his fervent attempts to break free, Tony eventually found himself held still by a few extra guards.  Panting heavily, his heartbeat only increased when the guard approached with the syringe.  There was a sharp prick in his arm, and then all he knew was darkness.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *    *

Bucky sighed heavily, leaning over and resting his head in his hands, trying to calm the nerves shooting through him.  Three days since he had kissed Tony goodbye before his soulmate went on a business trip across the country.  Three days since Bucky had held him close, comforted by the sweet, floral scent that radiated off of his happy Omega whenever they were together.  Three days of terror and worry continuously running through Bucky’s mind whenever he thought of what Tony might be going through.
Then JARVIS had finally managed to trace a signal from the tracker Tony placed in his arc reactor, and they were on the quinjet within minutes.  Now Bucky could only attempt to keep his breathing steady and his stomach out of knots, until they reached the place where Tony was being kept.  ‘Please, let him be all right,’ Bucky thought, releasing a shaky breath.
A solid hand landed on Bucky’s back, and he raised his head to peek over at Steve.  His face was pinched with the same stress they were all feeling, blue eyes looking at him with concern.  “How you holding up?”
Bucky just shook his head, taking a few seconds to just breath, before sitting back upright.  “I just need to see him again,” he whispered, leaning heavily on Steve when the other Alpha pulled him in close.  “I know we’ve all been through this situation before, but...I can’t -”  Bucky cut himself off, his nerves skyrocketing once again.
“Shh, it’ll be alright, you know Tony,” Steve said softly, holding Bucky’s trembling body tightly as he fought to regain some control.  “He’s probably halfway on his way to blowing up his captor’s ‘lair.’”  Steve laughed then, adding, “He’ll only complain that we took so long, and didn’t bring him anything to eat.”
Bucky released a wet laugh, wiping his eyes and sitting back up.  “Hopefully I can figure out some other way to make it up to him.”  He startled when Clint suddenly interjected from the front of the quinjet.
“I vote you make those orange chocolate cookies again.  Ooh, ooh, or those blueberry crumble muffins you made for his birthday last year, those were the bomb.”  Bucky rolled his eyes, steadily relaxing as his teammates bickered over the possible treats he could bake.
All that calm vanished within the next few minutes, as first an uneasy feeling trickled through his mind, steadily getting stronger while adding confusion and fear until it was nearly suffocating him.  Bucky came back to himself on his hands and knees, gasping for breath with his team around him yelling for his attention, and finally realized these were Tony’s feelings.  “We’re getting closer,” he managed, making eye contact with Natasha and Clint, urging them to go faster.
Now that he knew Tony’s feelings were making their way through their bond, Bucky was able to filter them out enough to concentrate on the mission.  It took another half hour until Natasha was telling them to prepare to land, and by then Bucky was completely ready to do everything he needed in order to rescue Tony.  Looking around the quinjet, he could see an equal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Tony
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Clint Barton
Omega Natasha Romanov
Beta Bruce
Alpha Thor
Protective Bucky
De-aged tony
deaging
Kid Tony
Pack Family
Team as Family
Avengers Family
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Hurt Tony
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Kidnapping
Hydra (Marvel)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Spanking
(past/mentioned) - Freeform
Insecure Tony
shy tony
Love Confessions
Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

