Chapter 1



Summary:

Steve claims Bucky as his omega against his will.





Chapter Text
Bucky felt like he was going into shock. He’d been sure he was going to die strapped to that table, and then Steve, who wasn’t his Steve, but was his Steve, showed up and got him out. It had been like something out of a fairytale right up until the moment Steve had realized he was an omega.His suppressants had only just begun to wear off, but no one had noticed yet. No one except Steve. Steve had known exactly what he was the moment he’d pulled Bucky off that table.And he’d been furious.The day James Buchanan Barnes was born, Winnifred Barnes had bribed a hospital official to list him as a beta. Both she and her husband George were betas, so no one would be expecting an omega child. She’d known what horrors the life of an omega would hold, and she wanted to protect him from that. It was an easy thing to hide throughout his childhood, but when Bucky had his first heat at fifteen, things got more complicated But Bucky had gotten lucky with some of his connections at the docks, and had managed to get himself access to a steady supply of suppressants. Bucky had always hated that he’d been born an omega, right up until the day that he met Steve Rogers. Everyone thought Steve was a beta, but the fact that he was an alpha had made perfect sense to Bucky. He knew then that he’d been an omega because he and Steve were meant to be together, and for the first time it had all made sense. He’d been planning to confide in him, but Steve was so sick, and the doctors told him he’d likely never be able to manage a knot or sustain a bond. So Bucky continued to hide what he was, not willing to be given over in some arranged marriage to some alpha he didn’t even know.He was good at pretending, anyway, and no one ever thought he was anything but a beta. In fact he’d done so well at pretending that he’d been drafted in a war. An omega never would have been let on a battlefield—supposedly for their protection, but mostly because alphas wouldn’t let them out of the bedroom. Alphas that bonded omegas were married, technically. But the truth was they were treated as little more than sex slaves and broodmares.Bucky had always sort of believed that Steve would be different. This was a horrible way to be proven wrong.“Steve, please, just wait a second,” Bucky tried again, staggering as Steve continued to pull him along. The fighting was over now, and those left standing were all on their side, but it hadn’t calmed Steve in the slightest. He was staring at his fellow soldiers like they were enemies too, but Bucky suspected his scent wasn’t pronounced enough yet for anyone else to even know what he was.“You lied to me,” Steve snapped. “All this time, and we coulda—““We couldn’t have, you know that!” Bucky cried. “I lied so I could stay with you!”Steve softened at that, using his grip on Bucky to pull him in for a hug. “I know, I know,” he said. “But things are different now. I’m strong enough to be your alpha. I can protect you.”“You can’t just...” Bucky started, trailing off in surprise. Steve grabbed him roughly, framing his face and making sure he looked at him. “You are mine, Bucky,” Steve said fiercely. “You have always been mine. Since you don’t seem to realize that, I’m going to prove it.”Steve dragged him over to one of the covered trucks, snapping to some of the men as he did to guard them but not to interrupt. Bucky halfheartedly tried to pull away as Steve forced him into the truck, pulling the canvas back over the opening the moment they were inside. Bucky stumbled and fell to the floor of the truck bed. “Strip,” Steve told him. “I’ve got to claim you now. I can’t stand these other alphas around you, looking at what’s mine.”“No,” Bucky said, shaking his head. “We’ve gotta—we got to talk about this. Okay? I’m not—““I know you’re hurt, sweetheart, and I’m sorry, but this can’t wait,” Steve snapped. “You put yourself in a war zone. We’re damn lucky Hydra didn’t already try to bond you to someone—“Even the thought twisted Steve’s expression with rage. Bucky instinctively tried to back away, not recognizing the expression on his friend’s changed face, but Steve caught his ankle, and dragged him closer. He grabbed at the hem of Bucky’s shirt, before tugging it over his head before the omega even knew what was happening.“No, wait,” Bucky pleaded, but Steve ignored him, singlemindedly undoing the omega’s pants and roughly pulling them and his underwear off along with his boots.“God, you’re gorgeous,” Steve told him, as he ran his eyes over him. “I can’t believe you’re really mine.”“Stop it—” Bucky cried, reaching down to try and hide his cock as the last of his clothes were torn away. Male omegas didn’t have testicles, but they did still have a cock. Bucky’s was larger than average for an omega at almost three inches, but he’d spent his whole life trying to hide it so no one would know what he was, and that wasn’t an easy habit to break. Steve n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dark Steve Rogers
Possessive Steve Rogers
Abusive Relationships
Domestic Discipline
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
Cock Cages
Rough Sex
Knotting
Forced Bonding
Cock Warming
Weird Omega Biology
Small Penis
Large Cock
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Mpreg
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Rape
Punishment
Captivity

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

