Work Text:
The Avengers Tower’s medical lab is state-of-the-art, no expense spared, and has experimental technology at almost every corner. One would think that this would be enough for it to not smell of antiseptic and sadness, but apparently there are limits to the ingenuity that Stark resources can procure. Tony’s not that pleased about that, but he’s not going to say that out loud, because saying that out loud would get him kicked out. Helen’s already eyeing him suspiciously from beyond the glass divider, and he’s not going to push his luck.The reason he’s here is, of course, one Steve Rogers. The Avengers’ illustrious leader is currently lying comatose in one of the beds, which is an unusual enough occurrence in itself. It had been a straightforward rescue mission, and not even all of them had gone for it – just Tony, Steve and Natasha – but even straightforward rescue missions can go sideways and result in the team’s only physically-enhanced member having to be airlifted out of the hot zone.Helen did her magic, and Tony’s been here for a while. A few hours, maybe, or at least long enough to design three different surveillance drones for use with the Quinjet. He’s made himself comfortable on what he’s mentally calling bedside scaffolding: four chairs set in a specific configuration so Tony can prop his tablet up on one side and legs out in front of him as he chills.He’s also asked JARVIS to order a few foldable cots and beanbags for the place. No one wants there to be a next time, but there will be those and more.Steve stirs.Tony starts to put his tablet aside, but thinks better of it and lifts it up to quickly take a picture of Steve in mid-waking grimace. Even ridiculously attractive people have their bad angles, and far be it for Tony to miss the opportunity of finding a new background to sneakily install on Steve’s phone.“So.” Tony pauses, giving Steve a second or two to rouse himself to full lucidity. “Do you think we should file the Avengers as a non-profit?”Steve blinks slowly. Deceptively slowly, in Tony’s opinion, because he’s clearly taking in his surroundings: how he’s lying prone in the bed with Tony’s sitting next to him, and weighing possible exit strategies.“As opposed to what?” Steve says.“A not-for-profit, I guess. But mainly, I’m thinking we should be a club. A social club, which comes under the non-profit, and side-steps the whole thing about we don’t have a product or a service mission, unless you count the safety of the known world, asterisk, because what is our scope? What is our jurisdiction? Who knows. Do you realize that we are damned lucky no one’s sued us for anything yet?”Steve has a blanket on top of him, and slowly lifts it to peer down at the remains of his suit. They’d had to cut through some of it to get at the puncture wounds, which are all bandaged up now. “Isn’t Maria in charge of our legal team?”“She is the legal team. Right now, technically, we’re a hobby. My hobby, since all funding is coming from me, but it just got me thinking about branding. Specifically, trademarking of the big A: The Avengers.”The blanket is almost all the way off now, and Steve’s scowling at his leg. “Is that… what is that?”“It’s a cast,” Tony says.“It’s in Iron Man colors.”“You snooze, you lose.”“I almost die, and your only thought is to paint my cast in Iron Man colors?”“Print, Steve,” Tony says. “I printed it in Iron Man colors. With a little arc reactor, too, can you see it?”Steve shifts the leg, bringing the light onto the small blue circle over the bridge of his foot. “I see it.”“And you didn’t almost die,” Tony scoffs. “It’d take more than a truck falling on your head to kill you.”“It could’ve killed me, and then you’d have to go hunting in the ice for another super soldier.”“Ugh, that’d be so much work. Whoa, hey.” Steve tries to get up, so Tony puts a firm hand on his shoulder to push him back down. They both know that Steve could get up if he wanted, so this is merely a request, and the polite thing would be to acquiesce.Steve makes a face, but relaxes back onto the bed. “Why do you want to trademark the Avengers?”“What if bad guys use our branding?” Tony says. “What if Hydra uses it?”“Ah yes, Hydra. Who are known for being respectful of trademark laws.” Steve’s still scowling, but that’s more to do with his careful rocking back-and-forth on the bed, testing what hurts and what doesn’t. “How long have you been sitting here?”“Forever,” Tony says. “Since we landed. I haven’t eaten in three days.”Steve eyes Tony’s fresh band shirt and the empty pizza box nearby. “Three days, huh.”“You calling me a liar?”“I’m calling you something.” Steve starts to scratch the edge of the cast, but Tony smacks his hand away.“Here,” Tony says, pushing the tablet into Steve’s hands to keep them busy. “Catch up on the news. Write your report.”“Maybe I just want to rest.”“And maybe I want you to not touch the cast until we can take it off.” Tony jerks his head over to where Helen is reviewing Steve’s vitals
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romantic Comedy
Light-Hearted
Fluff
Getting Together
Humor
Banter
First Kiss
First Time
Avengers Tower
Post-Avengers (2012)
2012 Branching Timeline
Oblivious Tony
Bottom Tony
Top Steve
Tony POV

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

