Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Why can't I get just one kiss?Why can't I get just one kiss?There may be some things that I wouldn't missBut I look at your pants and I need a kiss-Violent Femmes, Add It Up

Darcy can’t say it wasn’t building to this all along.  I mean, seriously, what the actual fuck was Nick Fury thinking, pairing her with the God of Mischief and Lies?  How did he not see that she was a total sucker for the whole misunderstood bad boy schtick that Loki constantly projected like a homing beacon straight to her highly receptive ladyparts?  And she wouldn’t even get into what his armor did to her libido.  Darcy had some very well-developed fantasies involving him wearing the helmet that would make even Aphrodite herself blush.They were total trouble together too.  It was like mixing gasoline and dynamite.  The constant pranking that was now going on at Shield was quickly becoming the stuff of legend.  It started with them changing the main conference room into a massive ball pit just before a meeting, and sort of spiraled out of control from there.  In truth, Darcy was surprised that hadn’t both been unceremoniously ejected from the deck of the helicarrier, but so far everyone had seemed more amused than homicidal.Their current pièce de résistance was turning everything in Nick’s private office pink.  Carpet, desk, curtains, all of them looking like a giant cotton candy explosion had gone off.  It was mostly Loki, but Darcy bought the pepto colored m&m’s and the candy dish that looked like it possibly came from Dolores Umbridge’s private stash.  The My Little Pony emblem on Nick’s eyepatch was her idea as well, but Loki was the one with the magical chops to make it happen.  It had Pinkie Pie surrounded by swirly script reading ‘Brony 4 Life’.  Nick almost looked pretty with it on.  Almost.Imagine their surprise when Fury’s response was cool indifference followed by a wry smile and him saying, “Haha, motherfuckers.  The joke’s on you.  Pink’s my favorite color.”  And then he kept his office like that.  Seriously.  For all Darcy knew, it was still fifty shades of Disney princess up in there.  He didn’t keep the eyepatch though.  Much to her disappointment.So really, Darcy was not to blame for the fact that things had gotten this out of control.  She’d tried.  She really had.  But then there was that whole situation a month ago with the not-exactly-lizard people in San Francisco, where she and Loki shared a very intense celebratory hug.  Well, whatever.  I mean, they’d won, and she had nearly died falling off the Golden Gate Bridge before Loki teleported her back to safety.  So, you know.  She had to hug him.  For five full minutes.  With some minor grinding and eye-fucking.  Dammit.  Stop judging, he smelled really, really good, and she was totally buzzing with adrenaline and relief.  Not.  Her.  Fault.And then there was the incredible victory kiss last week after they managed to stave off a full-scale killer alien blob attack in Paris.  This time she saved him.  With the taser, thank you very much.  Ever see a sentient blob of jelly laid out flat in front of the Eiffel Tower in a dead faint?  It’s a fucking heady thing.  Loki was pretty grateful.  So he may have sort of kissed her.  And she may have sort of let him.  And possibly, possibly, there was a bit more tongue than is strictly necessary in a ‘Hey, you saved my life, thanks for that’ kiss, but whatever.  It was Paris.  French kissing at the top of the Eiffel Tower was practically law there.  Besides, she didn’t see anyone complaining.  Ok, Tony made a comment.  Two comments.  Fine, three.  Three comments, mostly of the ‘Get a room’ variety.  However, it was Tony Stark, so that was kind of to be expected.  It would have been weird if he hadn’t.  Incidentally, no one was more impressed by the pink office stunt than Tony.  He was also profoundly offended that they hadn’t included him.  They literally had to promise that if they ever decided to prank Fury again, Stark would be in on it, or he would put a very incriminating iPhone video of the victory kiss with tongue up as the official Shield screensaver.  So, to add it up, one hug, one kiss…  Had she mentioned what an amazing tongue Loki has?  Like really, sinfully, Tie Me Up, Tie Me Down amazing.  No wonder they put a muzzle on him that one time. Darcy was just surprised the Asgardian women didn’t riot over the fact that it was locked up.Anyway…where was she?  Oh yeah, the hug, the kiss, and more than a little highly inappropriate and extremely suggestive flirting had sort of brought them to a point where things were either going to boil over, or she was going to need to find a new partner before her frilly bits caught fire from the lusting.The breaking point came in the form of yet another invasion in New York.  Could Darcy just take a minute to point out that ever since the Chitauri, most of the galaxy was apparently dying to take over New York?  Literally dying, because not a single group
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
Smuff
Shameless Smut
Shower Sex
Mischievous Loki
snarky darcy
tasertricks - Freeform
Tony is an ass
Thor is confused
Jane is stunned
Darcy just wants her closet sex dammit
And helmet sex
Loki gets revenge
Tony gets mad
Loki learns that is not ok to erect a naked statue of his girlfriend in Vanaheim
Thor finally gets the double-date
Tony gets revenge...sorta
fondue is hard
Darcy discovers a fun book in china
Loki is a shit
Darcy gets the taser
Thor comes to the rescue
Loki dated Artemis
Thor was a shit
Apologies happen
Darcy is never allowed to meet Hermes
Loki gets jealous
Darcy makes breakfast
And formulates a plan
Roleplay
Bondage
Sub!Loki
Hermes is a shit
Loki goes Jötunn
possessive!Loki
Jealous!Loki
Bruce is the man
Jotunn!Loki
blue sex
Darcy does what she wants
bagels in Asgard
Athena saves the day
Psyche slaps Hermes
New York Dragon
There's no place like Helheim
Team Hammer to the rescue
Ares is not amused
Hermes and Artemis
Oh my taser-toting goddess
Athena goes green
Toga party of champions
Christening the Temple
Jane and the Apple
a very important discussion
twins!
Iris is a flake
Heimdall is awesome
back in Asgard
Odin is contrite
taserbabies

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

