Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The lights are blinding. He can barely see a thing through the glare that has lit them up, open and exposed. The white circle pins them in place, the thudding of the helicopter above their heads reverberating through his chest. People are bellowing at them, telling him to get down, to lower his weapon. Sirens are wailing. The rain continues to fall, a mist visible in the bright lights that are pointing mercilessly at them.Clint stands his ground. He keeps his bow raised, muscles protesting as he stands straight up at full draw, pointing it at the people who are surrounding them, guns drawn. Water drips from his hair; it’s soaked through, plastered to his forehead. His clothes are all sodden, clinging clammy and wet to his skin. There’s blood mixed in with the water as well, orange-red rivulets running down his face and arms.Behind him, Bucky’s harsh breathing is still audible. He’s on his knees, shoulder pressing heavily into the back of Clint’s legs. He’s holding his right arm tightly to his chest with his left, shaking in what Clint assumes is pain. He’s still bleeding.“Stand down,” a modulated voice echoes through the night, amplified by speakers. More white lights dance across the ground, sweeping searchlights. “The Winter Soldier is under arrest. Stand down.”“Go,” Bucky manages to say, voice thick with pain. “Barton-”“Not a fucking chance,” Clint replies, and doesn’t budge an inch. “They’re not having you.”“Barton-”“They are not having you,” he snarls, because despite having next to no fucking clue how he’s ended up here, he knows that much without a doubt. It’s all flashing through his mind, memories and questions alike. How did he end up here, surrounded by what looks like an entire fucking Spec Ops unit, all with guns pointing straight at him? How did he end up here with Bucky fucking Barnes slumped against his legs, bleeding out over the sidewalk? The last few months are a blur to him, time and days bleeding together, and all he can surmise from it is that somewhere along the line he got to the point where he’s willing to defend Bucky Barnes with his life-One of the Spec Ops soldiers breaks away from the line. He steps slowly, boots audible as they advance heavily across the wet asphalt. His gun is raised.Clint swallows. Blinks water out of his eyes. “Barnes, I think we’re finally fucked.”  
 Four months earlier. 
 Clint nurses his beer between his hands, rolling the glass between his palms. The label is starting to peel off and it’s not even cold anymore but he doesn’t really care. Beer is beer after all, and his grimy surroundings are infinitely better when viewed through both alcohol and sunglasses. He drains the bottle, gestures to the barkeep for another. He sets the empty bottle on the bar, nudging it over until it’s perfectly in line with the other empty ones. The barkeep just passes another one over without question or comment, and Clint grunts in thanks.He can’t actually remember the last time he spoke to another person. He doesn’t have to even ask for a drink in this shithole anymore; he just turns up, sits at the bar and the guy immediately passes over another of the same beers that Clint has been drinking for the better part of a month.Even the super-nice guy who had been staying in the room next to his in the motel had stopped with the pleasantries after he’d found Clint throwing up on the doorstep one morning a couple of weeks back. Clint can’t say he really blames him.Behind him, there’s the sharp clack of balls knocking together on the pool table; he doesn’t quite suppress the automatic flinch, but he does resist the urge to turn around and check that the sound isn’t anything else more threatening. He can hear the murmur of conversation, glasses clinking together, the rush of a tap running somewhere and he hates it. He was always alert to sounds in his environment, but he’s only been this hyperaware and discomfited by it since New York. “-and for you all of you Avengers fans out there, news about town is that the team that saved New York from an alien invasion a year ago are reassembling once again. Captain America was seen entering Stark Tower in the early hours of this morning-”Through the jarring layers of sound, the voice of the news anchor cuts through with a sudden clarity, not louder but more obvious than the rest. Clint looks up at the TV that’s on the wall behind the bar without thinking about it. The overly-perky news anchor is gone, replaced by wobbly second-rate footage of Steve Rogers walking into Stark Tower, greeted at the door by Tony himself. Steve is looking tired, ignoring the reporters who are calling out to him and the flashes of the cameras, allowing Tony to steer him into the tower with a hand in the small of his back.“Dude, you alright?”Clint realises he’s been staring at the television for almost a full minute, beer bottle suspended in front of his face, about an inch from his mouth. He blinks and lowers the bottle, shaking his hea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Where the hell was Clint Barton
Bucky Barnes Feels
Clint Barton Feels
Depression
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Implied Relationships
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

