Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1
   Mist curled and twisted through the night, rendering the light coming in through the window a strange yellow from the street lights. A few drops of rain pattered against the glass. It was a perfect night to stay bundled up in a blanket on the couch, watching old movies. However, in this rather shitty apartment this was not going to happen.
   Bored, Eddie.
   “Come on, babe, can’t we stay in tonight? It’s fucking shitty out.”

   Hungry, Eddie!

   Eddie Brock sighed and scruffed his hand through his light brown hair, which was already standing up. “We ate a dude, like, four days ago.” He walked over to the drafty window, radiating cold, and peered out. “How about we order some Vietnamese and stay in tonight? We can go hunting tomorrow?”
   Your liver is starting to look very tasty. Please, Eddie? Tomorrow we stay in.
   Venom twined through Eddie’s chest, making his heart flutter. Eddie sighed. He hated it when Venom sulked in the back of his mind. It made everything feel sour.
   “Fine. We can go out. But the next time the weather fucking sucks ass and you want to go out, we stay in instead. Got it?”
   Venom hummed happily, spoiled as a cat full of cream. Eddie rubbed the centre of his chest, where he always imagined the bulk of Venom was curled, safe in the cage of bones. He smiled lopsidedly. The symbiote’s happiness was contagious, flowing through their bond. Venom had, in those early days, overstated what they knew about Eddie in an attempt to scare him into listening. The alien couldn’t read Eddie’s mind and vice-versa. They were just very good at guessing what Eddie was thinking based on his physiological responses. Emotions, instinct and other more basic urges flowed between them like water. The thoughts themselves were too fleeting, too complex for Venom to pick up on.
   They lifted the sash of the window and leaned out backwards. Black ink flowed out from his skin, enveloped the human and pulled him the rest of the way out the window. By the time they were on the roof, the man was no longer there. Instead there was a seven and a half foot tall humanoid, gleaming black, laced with white veins. A thick pink tongue twisted out between nightmare rows of teeth, tasting the air. Venom grinned like a shark and leaped off the edge of the building.
 
   Venom liked the rain. It was pleasantly humid and the pattering of raindrops hid any sounds they might make while on the hunt. While it would have been horribly cold and clammy, the breeze cutting to the bone on a human walking these streets, it did not bother Venom. They had hibernated in space on the surface of a comet rimed with ammonia snow, so this was nothing. They compensated for Eddie’s need to maintain a constant body temperature by increasing their already juiced-up metabolism. They would get much hungrier though.
   Truly, this was a crappy night to try hunting since anyone with the sense god gave a squirrel would not be out. Venom liked it though; the city was especially pretty in the rain. The neon lights glowed with orange, red, blue and pink halos from the mist, the streetlights glittered in the puddles like portals to another world and buildings appeared and disappeared like secrets in the low cloud cover. If worst came to worst, they could go swimming in the Bay and catch fish. Of course, fish weren’t as good as human. Very little in the brain department. But they were plentiful and Venom could stuff themself. They were certain they could convince Eddie to go out hunting another night and if nothing else, there was chocolate. They prowled around the rooftops and alleys, slowly moving down towards the old warehouses by the docks.
   Doesn’t seem to be anyone out tonight, babe.
   “We haven’t looked long enough. Always some bad guys around, Eddie.”
   Venom felt Eddie shift around inside him. Eddie usually let Venom ‘drive’ like this, letting the symbiote follow its instincts. Venom obliged this time, letting Eddie take control of their body. They peered around the misty night, hoping something would show itself.
   It’s pretty quiet. We might need to go out in Oakland or somethin’ for a while. The criminals are getting too cautious here. Scared of big bad us.
   He turned and pointed, Try closer to the docks. I don’t think we will see anyone for us to save, but there are generally low-lifes hanging around there.
   Eddie relinquished control back to the symbiote. He liked being wrapped up in Venom’s inky mass. It felt very safe, like a full body weighted blanket. Even heights didn’t bother him as much, though whether that was because his other would never let him fall, or exposure therapy, he didn’t know. Venom loved heights and climbed tall buildings at every opportunity.
   The symbiote hopped over the ledge of the brick building, extending a tentacle as they fell to swing out over the nearly abandoned streets. An easy twist of their powerful body helped propel them out. With a spla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Cannibalism
Fluff
Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Consentacles
Tentacle Sex
Anal Sex
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Top Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Bottom Eddie Brock
Alien Sex
Size Kink
Alien/Human Relationships
Biting
Established Relationship
Eddie and Venom are definitely fucking
Gender-Neutral Pronouns for Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Eddie is a sleepy cinnamon bun
Venom is gleefully annoying
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
symbrock
Shower Sex
Size Queen Eddie Brock
Gang Violence
Gangsters

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote

