Chapter 1: Interference
    




Chapter Text
"Mr. Stark--" "'Tony', please." Peter sighed. "Mr. Stark, you've got twenty minutes before the board meeting and Pepper was pretty insistent that you show up not covered in grease--again--so you need to get showered and changed." Tony gasped loudly and spun his chair around to face Peter. "Why, Mr. Parker, are you trying to get me naked? You can just ask; I can't say no to that face."He finished with a wink and stood, sweeping past Peter to the elevator. Fighting the urge to sigh (again), Peter gave himself a few futile seconds to will his blush down before he turned to follow the older man. He couldn't believe he'd let things get this far. It was unprofessional, it really was. *** When she'd hired him, Pepper had issued two warnings.The first--that Mr. Stark would be difficult to manage--Peter had shrugged off. He'd dealt with difficult clients and kept to chaotic, air-tight schedules before; he doubted the genius could be much worse than some of the politicians and business owners with whom he'd already contracted. Sure, the contract with Mr. Stark would be his first long-term, live-in arrangement, but at the root it was just the same job, plus the added benefit of zero commute.  A week after Peter was hired, that first warning was rendered moot, anyway, when the billionaire handed the running of the company over to Pepper. Mr. Stark's primary responsibilities became bickering with the scientists and inventing things in R&D or solo in his workshop, showing up to shareholder meetings once a week, and attending whatever social function required the face of Stark Industries to make an appearance. Peter handled it flawlessly, because he was organized as hell (with his work, anyway) and had a knack for catching setbacks almost before they could occur.  It was the CEO's second warning that Peter regretted underestimating. "Mr. Parker--Peter--he's going to flirt with you. Blatantly and frequently. He does it to all the assistants and individual security detail that are hired for close management. Don't take it seriously." At the time, Peter had assured Ms. Potts, confidently, that Mr. Stark's flirting would not interfere with his job.Her responding smile had been a tired one. ** It had interfered with his job.  It interfered six days in, during the first gala he attended, when Mr. Stark--after two hours and a couple glasses of champagne--pulled Peter onto the dance floor and into a lazy but graceful waltz. The billionaire's hands had been confident and warm where they rested, guiding, on Peter's body. Peter's face had lit up like a fire engine, and Mr. Stark had winked at him. (He hadn't noticed the height difference before, but when the billionaire had to tilt his head up just slightly to look at Peter's face, the younger was suddenly very aware of those scant couple of inches.) It interfered two weeks after the gala, on the way to a morning shareholder meeting--the first one they skipped together. They'd walked out of Stark Tower and his boss had leaned in to murmur, "Come with me if you want to live" in a terrible impression of Arnold, and then proceeded to take Peter by arm and duck around the corner of the building to pile them both into a red Maserati. They'd ended up spending the day at Coney Island. (Mr. Stark had grinned over at him when they'd gotten off the second roller coaster. At the combination of dark, shining eyes, and the exhilarated flush riding high on the billionaire's cheekbones, Peter's stomach had swooped as though he had never gotten off the ride, and he had abruptly realized he was in trouble.) It interfered when Tony started deliberately touching him. Innocuous contact here and there, until the day Peter stopped by the shop in jeans and a t-shirt to check on his boss, and Tony stopped Peter on his way out. "Pete, hold on. Your tag's out."The light brush of calloused fingers against his nape had sent hot sparks skittering down Peter's spine. As soon as Tony finished tucking the tag back into his shirt, Peter had let out a too-bright "Thanks!" and left without looking back, breathless, cheeks on fire, his jeans suddenly too tight. (After that, whenever Tony leaned in to whisper ridiculous things to him before entering a conference room or function, the billionaire would slide in close enough to brush their shoulders together, or maybe rest a palm lightly at the small of Peter's back. He started turning just to smooth Peter's lapels, or to fiddle with Peter's tie. It made Peter want to simultaneously push Tony away or pull him closer.) It interfered every time Peter just...noticed things about Tony. Every time he watched Tony murmur to himself as he worked, lips parted just slightly and barely moving. When Peter realized Tony had started giving him the same small, affectionate half-smile he gave Ms. Potts when she was exasperated with him.  It definitely interfered when it became work to appear professional and dispassionate whenever he'd go do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Adult Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Has A Heart
it just takes a while to show
Tony Stark Has Issues
Falling In Love
Idiots in Love
Angst and Humor
Feels
Peter Parker Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slow Burn
It wasn't gonna be and then Tony just turned into a dick
I lost control of him completely
Dom/sub Undertones
bamf!peter parker
Past Relationship(s)
Eventual Fluff
Eventual Romance
Johnny Storm is Chris Evans
Top Peter Parker
Bottom Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Eventual Smut
Porn with Feelings
Porn With Plot
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
First Time
Boss/Employee Relationship
Under-negotiated Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

