Chapter 1: Candle
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
 
 
 
 
Steve’s nervous, can’t help it.
He’s done black-ops missions on all continents, then left the army, then joined the CIA, then left the CIA and finally joined up SHIELD, the world’s only international secret service—like the UN but with real guns, Sam likes to mock—and the only place he’s found that really makes him feel like he’s working towards the greater good. He’s been shot a total of twelve times, got captured twice and survived not one, but two explosions. He can’t recall ever getting scared of combat, death or pain. It’s not that he isn’t afraid; it’s that he’s usually too busy during those times to leave room for fear.
What he doesn’t like is undercover work.
The Hydra is ridiculously inaccessible, a tiny patch of rocks off the coast of Iceland that’s impossible to reach without a private helicopter, which already says something about its clientele’s baseline wealth. The whole place belongs to billionaire Alexander Pierce, who allows people to conduct their business in exchange for a substantial percentage of the resulting profits. Because it’s so small, it doesn’t actually count as land, but as international waters, which makes it the ideal place to conduct illegal deals. It’s underground—literally—to shield itself from the cruel weather; but of course it’s decadently comfortable inside, much like a luxury resort gone wrong.
Steve just got off his helicopter, moved into his room and changed into a tux. Officially, he’s Mr. Grant, a man interested in buying weapons from none other than Pierce himself. He’s staying for as long as it’ll take to complete his mission; could be a day, could be a month. His goal is to actually buy the weapons, using a money transfer that’s coded to vanish twenty-four hours later. Codename Fool’s Gold. God knows he’ll have competition, so this won’t be easy. But if he can pull this off, he’ll later be able to testify in court to the transaction, leading to Pierce’s arrest and bringing his whole business down to the ground.
Steve can’t count on extraction if things go wrong, not on this godforsaken rock where even satellite can’t get through. Rumors say it used to be a WWII bunker, though Steve can’t imagine what strategic advantage could have been found in such a desolate part of the world. He had to go in alone, because he’s a white man, and they constitute about 100% of Hydra’s clientele at any given time. Shame—Natasha and Sam both vastly overshadow him when it comes to undercover. But those are the cards they’ve all been dealt.
He finishes up his bow tie, takes a last look at himself in the mirror, then gets out into the plush hallway.
Coming down from his room into the lounge, he’s reminded again of how much he hates clubs. It’s all soft mood lighting and wine-red leather seats. The room’s crowded, the air is thick with cigar smoke; the sound of pool keeps clacking in the background. Nothing to do here but aimless drinking and pointless chatting. Steve adjusts his bowtie—that’s twice now; he really is nervous—then makes his way towards the bar. Might as well get a drink for something to do with his hands, at least until he can locate Pierce.
All men in the room are dressed just like him, in tuxedos or expensive suits, which is how, as their dark crowd parts, he becomes unavoidably aware of a blinding expanse of bare skin.
There’s a man sitting on a bar stool, wearing only black leather underwear, fishnets and heels. He looks completely heedless of his surroundings, or of the fact that he’s half-naked in a room full of besuited men. He’s leaning back with his elbows on the bar, staring hard into space.
 



 
Steve hadn’t expected that kind of entertainment to be provided—since women weren’t allowed—so the sight sucker punches him. Seconds later, he gets a hold of himself and, as he can’t change course without making it obvious, lands on the bar right next to the guy.
He has to strain his eyes not to stare. It’s odd. Not so much the fishnets—Steve’s done Pride a few times, thanks—but how they don’t match his attitude at all. Usually, feminization goes all the way to effeminate poses, or coquettish shyness or overt flirting or at the very least… make-up, or something. But this guy sits there with straightforward masculine aplomb. He’s beautiful, though, with fine features and chin-length dark hair framing his face. He’s built, and frozen, and so goddamn tense.
Fuck. Steve is staring. Enough that he knows he’s been noticed.
“Hey, I’m Grant,” he says, since he’s got to take the jump now. “What are you drinking?”
The man’s eyes dart to him—too quick, assess him with a few glances that ring bizarrely familiar. Then he looks away again.
“James,” he says. “Sorry, I ain’t allowed.”
Only then does Steve really take notice of the leather collar buckled tight around his neck.
He’s not exactly surprised to find those kind of games in such a place, but he is puzz
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
but with a lot of fucked-up porn
Secret Agent Steve
Sex Slave Bucky
Torture
Slavery
Humiliation
Object Insertion
Wooden Horse - Freeform
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Genital Piercing
Forced Orgasm
Forced Feminization
Hurt/Comfort
an innovative use for candles
an interesting use for pool
an intriguing use for hot sauce
HYDRA Trash Party
Sort Of
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

