Work Text:
"I've got a present for you," Steve hears and shivers at the sound of Bucky's voice. Rationally he knows that it's been five minutes at most since he left Steve but it feels like it's been so, so much longer.
"Present," James echoes, voice just a bit lower and more raspy than Bucky's. Again Steve shivers, then licks his lips and digs his teeth into the lower one just as the door opens and Bucky steps in, followed by James.
James pauses in his step and stares. "Present," he repeats again, with an entirely different intonation this time. His eyes rake up and down Steve's body, naked and handcuffed to the bed, lingering on the black rubber plug in his ass both times.
"Present." Bucky grins and leans against the doorway, arms crossed and expression smug. "All ready to go."
"I can see that." This time James looks between Steve's legs, where his cock stands up stiff. Embarrassed, he pushes his hips into the mattress a little; he's already naked but feels even more so with the way James and Bucky are looking at him. It's not for nothing that Tony calls them the terror twins.
The moment stretches into suspense, James just staring at Steve, not moving a muscle – except, well. Steve can practically watch his pants tenting. But James just stares, eyes dark and very focused, until Steve, unable to remain perfectly still under that intense gaze a moment longer, twitches. It's like a signal had been given; James jolts into motion, ripping his shirt up over his head and then shoves his pants down, flicks off the two holsters, both for knives, that he permits himself at his ankle and left forearm. Then he toes off his shoes and socks and swings himself atop Steve's body in one smooth motion.
Hands supporting his weight on each side of Steve's ribs, just where his arms are angled up towards the handcuffs binding him to the headboard, James grins down at Steve, teeth baring. It's a predatory, almost wolfish expression and Steve shivers a little, licks his lips and tilts his chin up. James' grin widens at the honestly not quite intentional request for a kiss, then deliberately turns his head away, focusing on Bucky. "Any orders?"
Bucky smiles and uncrosses his arms, slowly walks over to the bed to lean against the wall next to the headboard. The curve of his waist and hips is downright sinful; always have been, drove Steve to distractions sometimes. "He's to be quiet and do exactly as he's told. He's all yours."
"Hmm." Licking his lips, James looks back down at Steve again. "What did I do to deserve this?"
Bucky hums. "To be honest, it's more of a reward for all of us."
At that, James looks up at him again and grins, and then they do that silent communication thing they do where they seem to understand each other without even batting an eyelash, all in the matter of a fraction of a second. Wordlessly Bucky leans in, James leans up and then they're kissing, right above Steve's head. It's honestly difficult to not make a sound at that. Steve has seen them do a lot more than kissing but just the sight of them together is sometimes enough to send his heart racing.
All too soon, they pull apart, both licking their lips, and the next thing Steve knows James' mouth is on his, tongue pushing against his lips in a clear demand. Steve opens his mouth and accepts James' tongue inside, tilts his chin up a little more and dares to kiss back, just small, almost timid movements of his tongue all in reaction to James', but he hasn't been told to kiss so he doesn't allow himself to give into the temptation any more than that.
With a satisfied expression James pulls back, licking his lips like a cat who got the cream. He sits back and looks at Steve again, eyes wandering slowly from Steve's wrists down to his ankles and back again. "Look at you," he purrs, "all dressed up and ready to go. Don't worry, I won't make you wait." Reaching up, he opens the handcuffs, then glides off Steve. "Hands and knees."
Steve immediately does as he's told, then obeys when James directs him down the mattress until he's right in the middle of the bed. Eyes focused on the mattress to the front, no matter how much he wants to look, he feels James move around the mattress, pushing Steve's legs further apart and then kneeling between them. The next moment there is a pressure on the plug, pushing it further inside, and then a tug, stretching the muscles of Steve's hole as James pulls it out until the thickest point is right at the rim. Bucky didn't touch him at all, earlier; he had Steve put himself on the bed and prep himself, then only moved in to close the handcuffs before leaving to collect James. It's... Steve is hungry for contact, needs to be touched, and James likely knows it very well. And he deliberately ignores it. His fingers merely brush Steve's skin; soft, feather-light touches that make Steve tense his muscles in an effort not to move into them, not to let the whine sitting in his throat out. James' fingertips brush up all along his inner thig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers/James Barnes

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Double Penetration
Dom/sub
Sharing
Objectification
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers/James Barnes

