Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I have a problem,” Peter says. “You have to swear you won’t make fun of me. I mean it, Nat.”The kitchen is dark and cool. The sun won’t rise for a couple of hours, so the room is filled with a florescent light that does nothing to dull the headache thrumming against Peter’s temples. It’s somewhere between the middle of the night and early morning. Ben used to call this time No Man’s Land. The red clock above the stove reads 3:52 AM. Any reasonable person should’ve fallen asleep hours ago. Natasha sits across the table from him. She’s reading  The Widow  by Fiona Barton. Clint gave it to her as a joke, but Peter thinks she’s actually enjoying it. She hasn’t glanced at the clock in twenty minutes, and her hot cocoa is growing cold in front of her. Besides, Nat doesn’t do anything she doesn’t want to do. For a second, Peter thinks she’s going to ignore him. Then she dog-ears the page like the heathen she is and sets the book on the counter. She folds her arms across her chest and surveys him with grim, vibrant eyes. “Whatever you’ve done, it can’t be worse than this hot cocoa,” she says.Peter stirs his hot chocolate, which is formulated with his newest special recipe. One cup of water, two packets of Swiss Mix powder, and three pumps of Nat’s weird vanilla latte creamer. It’s topped off with a mixture of skittles and gummy bears that float in the brown liquid like pool toys. Nat rolled her eyes when he made the brew, but she didn’t comment, and she let him make her a mug. Tonight, he had a nightmare about being crushed under a parking garage, and he woke up suffocating himself in his pillow. He needs his sugary goodness. “You don’t like candy?” he asks.“Not particularly,” she says, and then pauses. “When I was a child, there were these Russian taffies that tasted like passionfruit. They were okay.”Peter, who was looking forward to cutting her off so they can talk about  his  issue, hesitates. Nat never talks about her childhood. She’s such a freaking enigma, and the details she shares about her life are wildly conflicting. Once, she told him about the time she didn’t sleep for forty hours straight, because she was undercover in a Hydra cell and she was afraid someone would slit her throat if she drifted off. The next day, she told him she was raised in a traveling circus as a contortionist and lion tamer (although, to be fair, he’s pretty sure she was joking). Then she told him Red Room survivors handcuff themselves to their beds every night, because that’s how the little girls are put to sleep in the Soviet brainwashing program. And now she’s talking about passionfruit candy. Nat always looks faintly surprised when she opens up. Her red eyebrows draw together and her nose wrinkles, a small flaw in an indifferent mask.“What were they called?” Peter asks, deciding to push a little. Why not? Shit gets real in No Man’s Land.“I don’t remember.”“We should find them,” Peter says. “We can visit every candy store in America, and if that doesn’t work, we’ll go abroad. We’ll test every candy that looks remotely Russian and passionfruity. It will give us something to do.”“Not to mention diabetes.” “That’s a sacrifice I’m willing to make.”“How noble of you.”Of all the Avengers Peter daydreamed about befriending back when he was a dumb kid, back when he’d never fought a criminal or turned to dust on an alien planet, Nat wasn’t high on the list. When he was younger, staring up at his Avengers poster and messing around with his action figures, she seemed so cold and—to be perfectly honest—scary as hell. The first time he fought her in a training stimulation, she got him with a widow bite, and he couldn’t move for an hour. And now, at eighteen years old, she’s one of his closest friends. How the hell did that happen?Tony is busy with Morgan and hasn’t called Peter in a long time. Too long. He’s a fantastic father, and Peter doesn’t reproach him for getting his life together while Peter’s dust particles floated around Titan. Wanda’s off in some foreign country, living it up with Vision. Thor’s abroad, trying to track down his brother. And then there’s Peter, halfway through his senior year of high school five years after he was supposed to graduate. It’s like he got stuck in a subway door and is being dragged through the tunnels by the hood of his jacket. But Nat? She’s here in the kitchen with him. If Peter’s being excruciatingly honest, she always reminded him of Ben. There’s this steady caution in her eyes that never goes away. She’s always poised, always elegant, always refined. Every word that falls from her lips is spoken with the most careful precision. Peter sometimes wonders if she only asks questions when she already knows the answer.“How do you do it?” Peter asks, trying to figure out a non-psycho way of phrasing all this.“How do I do what?” Nat asks. She scoops a grubby, half-melted gummy bear out of her hot chocolate and frowns at it like its mortally offended her.“Talk,” Peter says. Na
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Domestic Avengers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Endgame
Time Travel Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Civil War Fix-It
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Feels
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
POV Natasha Romanov
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

