Work Text:
When the Rogue Avengers were pardoned almost a year and a half after their epic fall out, Steve Rogers had felt instant relief. Being on the run wasn’t nearly as exciting as it sounded and the constant looking over your shoulder, never staying in one place for long, was starting to tire him out. The beard on his chin was starting to look unkempt and all Steve wanted was to go back home. Back to New York.“You ready to go home?” Natasha smirked at Steve as the jet landed down. The giddiness that had been growing in his stomach ever since the official word came out of their pardoning was starting to grow larger, reaching up to his chest and making his heart skip faster. The idea of home seemed so foreign after such a long time of not having anywhere to call your own but Steve knew, no matter what, his home was New York. (His home was with the Avengers and he’d been missing a vital part of them for a year and a half now.)“I’m always ready,” Steve shot back, giving his friend a genuine smile. Natasha’s hair was cut into a bob, her iconic red locks being swapped for a bleached look. In Steve’s opinion, he preferred her as a red head but who was he to make judgments?The slight shudder of the jet landing made Steve’s heart beat faster. Sam walked over to the pair, a nervous smile on his face as well. The jet began to open up and for one terrifying second, Steve wondered if he’d see the one person he’d been needing to see on the landing pad. He wasn’t.“Ready whenever you are, Cap.” Sam nodded, eyes flitting between Natasha and Steve.Steve nodded, not even thinking twice before he began to walk off the jet with Natasha and Steve on his heels. “Has Wanda already arrived?”“Last i heard, she and Vision will be in Scotland until Tuesday,” Natasha sighed. Steve hummed in response, the anxiousness and butterflies getting bigger and bigger with each step he took. Suddenly, he was at the door to the Compound. They were home. He had to stop from pinching himself to check this was real.“It’s good to be back,” Sam whistled as they walked inside, the familiar smell greeting their noses. The Compound looked much the same (despite the changes Tony had obviously made), the colour scheme was familiar and the shininess of the floor was something Steve had definitely missed. “Greetings,” FRIDAY’s voice cut through the air. Despite Steve’s miniature heart-attack he felt nostalgia wash over him as he relied how much he had missed the AI’s intrusive voice.“I haven’t missed that,” Natasha mumbled, rolling her eyes at the AI. Steve ignored her though; he’d missed everything.“Its been a long time FRIDAY,” Steve mused, trying not to sound like he’d missed the AI as much as he had. He really couldn’t be asked for Sam’s teasing over feeling nostalgic about a computerised artificial intelligence. “That it has Captain Rogers,” FRIDAY agreed. “Do you remember the route to your rooms? Or would you like me to display the way for you?” Lights suddenly appeared on the floor like a map before them.“I think we can remember FRIDAY,” Steve called out. The lights disappeared as the trio entered the elevator, going to the floor they knew to be the living area. It was only them three moving in, for Clint and Scott were continuing to live with their families (minus the house arrest) and Wanda had decided to stay off on her secret hide-aways with Vision before rejoining them all. In a way, it was nice that only them three were moving in. It made it easier to try and settle in before more people invaded the space.“Is, uh, is Tony here FRIDAY?” Steve cleared his throat, ignoring how Natasha looked at him as the elevator doors closed.“Boss is currently not here, no. I can attempt to contact him if you wish?”“Ah, no. No thank you FRIDAY,” the elevator doors opened as Steve mumbled. He hadn’t expected Tony to be there, even after a year and a half the wounds of their fight were probably too fresh to be making friendship bracelets on the first day of being back.“Stark will have to talk to you soon,” Natasha declared as she stepped out into the much missed space of their old home. The furniture was all the same, the place looking as if it had been put under a mad tidy-up prior to their arrival. “So don’t fret.”“I wasn’t fretting.”“It looked like fretting, Cap,” Sam plopped down on the sofa and sighed. “Man i missed this place!” He kicked off his shoes and groaned, closing his eyes with content.“Not even five minutes and you’re already making a mess,” a teasing voice spoke up from the doorway. Rhodey stood there, a smirk on his face and his leg braces whirring as he stepped closer.“Rhodey,” Natasha smiled, stepping forward to hug and greed her old friend. The man’s smile grew wider as he hugged the woman back, their years of friendship being replayed in his head as he teased her about her new hairdo. “I like your hair, it’s very blinding.”“Hey man,” Sam was the next to approach Rhodey. He was hesitant, guilt written across his features. “I’m so sorry about—
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Misunderstandings
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
No Spoilers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve Is In Love With Tony Stark
you don't need to squint to see it
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Except He Is Head Over Heels In Love
POV Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

