Work Text:
Tony knew the signs.
Even while he was distracted, he could see Peter fidgeting. The boy's legs kicked out with excess energy while a pen was being twirled between his slim fingers. Then there was the way Peter chewed on the pen cap, a terrible habit, but one he only did when he was feeling bored. There were even attempts to subtly glance Tony's way, biting his bottom lip to keep from interrupting.
Peter didn't know it but all those attempts to be quiet and unobtrusive only made Tony pay even more attention to him.
Peter was always energetic. He filled the silence with long rambles, cheeks flushing pink when he had Tony's attention. It would've been a day just like that if Pepper hadn't personally dropped a loaded folder right on top of his current project.
Tony had a few days to read through and sign it, hence the cute attempt Peter was making to be a good boy. It obviously wasn't working.
"You're distracting me by trying not to be distracting," Tony eventually told him.
Peter perked up at the sound of his voice but once the words registered, he gave Tony a sheepish smile.
"Sorry…" he mumbled, "Maybe I should leave?"
He looked so hesitant and was that a pout forming on his face? Tony watched as he shuffled towards his backpack, bending over to pick it up. At the movement, his shirt rose up, revealing a hint of red peeking from beneath the band of his jeans.
Ah.
Suddenly, Peter's excess energy made sense. He had clearly wanted something from Tony tonight and Pepper had essentially cockblocked them with the unexpected paperwork.
"I have a better idea," Tony said casually.
Peter turned, letting the backpack slip to the floor. Such an eager boy, always hoping to please his mentor.
"C’mere," Tony gestured him closer, "you can sit on my lap until I’m done working.”
His boy had eagerly stepped forward then hesitated, cheeks turning a rosy hue.
"Sit on your lap, sir…?" Peter asked shyly. He had to know that Tony had seen the sneak peek. Or maybe he was still bashful after all they've done together. It was cute.
Tony patted his leg, giving Peter a smirk.
"You're so restless today," Tony observed casually, "Are you feeling needy then?"
Peter wandered closer but still continued to blush and act coy.
"Maybe…" He hedged, "but what if Pepper comes back…?"
The anticipation was already getting Tony hard.
"She's not coming back," Tony carelessly promised. His hand drifted down to his lap where his cock was starting to swell. He pressed down on it, sighing at the slight pressure. "I'll let you play with it while daddy works."
They'd hadn't done anything like this as of yet and Tony could see how hesitant it made his boy. But the promise of getting access to Tony's cock was enough to have him come closer.
Like a moth to a flame, Peter was drawn to him. He came closer until he was right in front of Tony then paused.
"Can I really…?" He asked hesitantly.
Tony spread his legs a bit, making room for the boy. Immediately, Peter sank to his knees, ignoring the coldness of the floor. He reached for Tony's belt, undoing it easily. A glance towards Tony's face had Peter blushing even more.
"Are you going to keep reading?" Peter asked, curious.
"Mhmm," Tony answered. "I still need to get the work done but I don't mind if you want to do this. It's perfect, really. You'll have some fun and I get all this done and a reward for it."
Peter still had that look in his eye, unsure.
Tony caressed his cheek, "It wouldn't have been comfortable anyway… Don't you wanna keep me company while I finish up, hmm?"
"I do…" Peter said even as Tony drew his cock out from inside his pants.
Tony saw the way Peter watched hungrily as he gave his erection a few strokes, getting it nice and hard for the boy. Soft lips parted… A brief flash of pink as Peter subconsciously licked his lips.
"There…" Tony breathe out before sliding his fingers through Peter's hair. He pulled the boy close enough that his cockhead bumped against Peter's parted lips, painting them with the sticky wet drops that gathered on his tip. "All ready for you, baby… Open up now…"
"Yes, daddy," Peter murmured before he took in the hard, swelling length.
Tony hissed at the sensation, moaning as he buried his fingers in the boy's soft curls. Peter's mouth was divine, so soft and wet… His pink mouth looked perfect stretched around Tony's cock.
"Ah… You've gotten so good at this," Tony sighed, "But then again… Gave you plenty of practice, didn't I?"
Peter moaned in response but like a good boy, continued to suck on Tony's cock. His dark, hooded eyes were so beautiful, especially when they were filled with want. It almost hurt to turn his attention to the stack of papers in front of him, but Tony had a few more pages before he wanted to stop.
He let Peter play with his cock while his fingers remained buried in the boy's hair. His mind focused, capable of withstanding even this despite how badly he just wanted to fuck into Peter's mouth. He still could… He just couldn't completely enjoy i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Lap Sex
Desk Sex
Oral Sex
Lingerie
distracted sex
Established Relationship
Objectification
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Cockwarming
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

