Chapter 1: Prologue: Summonings
    




Chapter Text
 Jane furiously scribbled out another set of equations, only to have her pencil lead snap off to lay among the crumbs of what was left of her most recent eraser. Making a frustrated noise low in her throat, she crumpled the sheet of paper and threw onto her “useless ideas” pile (or as Darcy called it, the trash bin), before dragging her laptop towards her. Four different windows vied for space on the screen, each with information – whether research papers, Google searches, or offers from colleagues – that had been a complete waste of time.
She should have realized by now that theory doesn't translate well into reality. Although she wasn't about to let that realization stop her.
However, at three in the morning, when Darcy wandered into the kitchen that conveniently doubled as Jane's work space, she thought perhaps stopping once per night might be a good idea.
Even if abandoning her work for a few hours to do something as wasteful as sleep seemed like a burden. Even if, after years of searching and researching, going on wild goose chases and struggling for funding, she was finally getting somewhere. Even if, for the somewhat less lofty reason that the chill of the October night seeped even into Puente Antiguo's desert, the short walk out to her trailer wouldn't be very pleasant.
“You know, I hear a good night's sleep is good for the brain,” Darcy said, opening one of the cupboards as she looked for an after-midnight snack. “You might want to try that once in a while.”
Jane buried her forehead in her palms, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I know,” she mumbled, wondering if it if would be better just to take a nap at her desk. Darcy's footsteps came closer, and when Jane looked up, Darcy was neatly sitting herself on Jane's desk, a chocolate bar in hand.
“Still working on the watchamacallit–” Darcy leaned over Jane's jumbled pile of notes, waving one hand in the air, “–Energy transfer?”
Jane sighed. “A sustainable energy source and transference device. And with a workable size.” Though she was confident the science of her newly published Foster Theory was solid (which gave Jane a little thrill every time she thought about it), she couldn't exactly figure out how to build a “wormhole generator”. The amount of power she would need made any potential machine much too large to be feasible. And then there was the problem of overheating, and materials that wouldn't break under stress, and cost and–
“And you haven't used our own personal wizard to bend the rules of space-time a little?” Darcy took a bite of her chocolate bar, little crumbs falling onto one of Jane's heavily crossed-out pages of notes.
“Not a wizard, Darcy,” came a tired voice directly in front of Jane's desk.
Jane snapped her head up as Darcy squealed, “Jesus shit!”, nearly dropping her chocolate bar as she spun around on the desk. “Loki, don't fucking – oh.”
Unlike most times Loki corrected Darcy on her purposeful misnomers, there was no teasing smile on his face. In fact, Loki looked downright gaunt, hair messy and some of it sweat-plastered to his skin.
It was a look Jane had seen far too many times since Loki had come down to Earth about a year and half ago, though fortunately one she had seen with less frequency in the past months.
It was a look that screamed nightmare. His eyes were just a bit too wide, his breathing too harsh. Jane was sure if she peeked behind his back, his clasped hands would be shaking.
Although the fact that he actually decided to approach them, rather than staying in his room and wrestling his demons on his own, was a good sign.
She and Darcy must have taken a bit too long to answer, for Loki blinked and said, “Sorry, am I intruding?” It was the careful way his face grew blank under the pasty white skin that made Jane want to bang her head against the wall. Over a year of living in the same building, and Jane was pretty sure Loki thought at times that she would kick him to the curb one day.
Although considering what she knew of his relationship with most of Asgard, she guessed suspicion wasn't exactly unwarranted.
“Uh, no, no it's fine,” Jane said, wiping the crumbs off her work (even if that page happened to be useless). “We were talking about–”
“Jane's saga of science troubles,” Darcy interrupted, sliding off the desk. “You should write it down and send it to Thor. It'd probably be a hit at feasts.”
Loki managed a wan smile as Darcy wandered towards the kitchenette. In the most scathing tone it sounded like he could muster, he replied, “Asgard prefers sagas with a bit more punching involved. I think Jane's tale would send even the hardiest warrior to sleep in minutes.” Then he hesitated, a thoughtful look on his face. “Which I suppose would have certain uses.”
Jane felt a rare rush of gratefulness for Darcy's facetiousness. Most of the time Jane ignored it or else it got on her nerves, but sometimes it came in handy. It was better than staring at Loki 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Aftermath of Torture
Misgendering
Fantastic Racism
Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
None
