Chapter 1: Intro
    




Chapter Text
College students ran through the rain, blurry eyed and numb of sense, bottles in hand as the storm waged on over the University campus. Chanting to chung could be heard through the winds, along with the thrill seeking screams of underaged teens.As lightning struck the weather vain, MITs accommodation building stood firmly, however an extremely young new student of the college, did not.As her body tumbled over in the hall, she caved in on her self, shaking profusely. Looking up with glassy eyes, the hallway started to turn and morph, making her arch her back and start to empty her stomach on the floor.As the sky light up in a flash, another hurl could be heard, along with panicked breaths and wobbling arms.The sound of music could be made out, muffled behind a door further down the hall and loud thumping could be made out form one of the rooms closer by. The average college dorm night for any student.The thunder rippled through the sky, the girl started to regain her composer, pulling herself to lean against the wall and focus on her breathing, however it wasn't long till her sleep deprived features turned to disgust as she hunched back over and empted all that was left.Through the reaching, she could make out a person walking down the halls towards her.As they got closer, she wiped her mouth and sat up against the wall once again.Not yet willing to open her eyes, she focused on the sound of footsteps, getting louder and louder, till she gathered they were right next to her, in which they stopped.Wincing her eyes open a gap, she could make out the large body of a man, dressed all in black."What do you want?" she spat out, slamming her eyes shut as another wave of nusure brushed over her.The man didn't say a word, but simply crouched down and grabbed at her chin sharply.With the aggressive motion, she opened her eyes wide in panic, the nusar quickly replaced with fear."Get off of me!" She shouted as audibly as she could, to the man however it was still but a jumble of words.Nevertheless, the hand was removed.As the fear slowly crept away,she was reminded of her stomach by the thick smell in the air.As she went to turn, just in case, a shiny metal attached to the thigh of the man got her attention."Is that a gun?" She awed, reaching a hand out to feel it.The man promptly stood up and walked away without another look, almost robot like.Leaving the girl once again on her own, to succumb her alcohol consumption.It was only a few minutes later, however, that a young boy, only a little older than the girl, turned the corner in a sprint, only to skid to a stop and crouched down beside her, resting a hand on her shoulder and pushing her hair out of her face, her eyes were completely shut, but the touch made her know instantly who it was."Rhodey?" She whispered hopefully."Toni! I’m here Toni, are you ok? Do you think you can stand? " He asked, getting ready to lift her up."Naaa, can't feel my leg things" she hummed, drifting into the land of uncouncus.With that answer, Rhodey positioned himself and hauled her up, taking all of Tonis weight."Come on, let’s get you back to your room" he huffed, starting to trudge slowly back the way he had come."How did you find me?" Toni asked, her head bobbing softly.Rhodey simply chuckled, "weird story actually, i'll tell you when your a bit more with it maybe" The following day, Toni woke to a killer headache, wrapped up her in bed with an empty tub next to her and a glass of refreshing, cold water. Looking across her small dorm room, Rhodey, her best friend and only friend, was busy typing on his laptop on her desk.At the sound of her awakening, he turned around and smiled at her."Mornin sunshine, how are you feeling?"In an attempt to sit up, she was greeted with a splitting headache and pain throughout her limbs."Like shit!" She groaned, thumping back down onto her pillow."No surprise there, you look like shit too" Rhodey proceed to tell her, fiddling with a pen in his hand."Thanks" she grumbled, closing her eyes."when’s your lecture? So you can get out of my hair"Rhodey raised an eyebrow, "you mean our lecture, it's griffins today remember?"With that information, Toni jumped up with a panic, instantly regretting the action, she clasped her hands on her head to stop it from lurching around. "Ugg, what day is it""Thursday" Rhodey answered, with a calculating look."Crap! I was out of it for 4 days?!" She gasped"God Toni, what happened?" Rhodey asked, his face morphing to one of worries as he approached her.This a sigh, Toni straightened her back to lean against the headrest, taking the glass of water she was offered."Just Howard, biggest dick as always"she huffed."Well the lecture isn't till 11.30 so you've got some time to prepare yourself"Looking at the clock above her door, toni read 10 o'clock. "You should have seen yourself last night, I basically had to carry you all the way here from the Forman Halls!" He told her, going back to his work.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Female Tony
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Drug Use
Suicide Attempt
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hurt Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark-centric
Kid Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Bucky Barnes's Biological Child

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

