Chapter 1: hallucinating - elohim
    




Chapter Text

Rolling over in his bed at three a.m., Peter was aware of two things: a robotic voice nagging him and a painful burn in his throat. 

 

“Memelord69,” Friday said, using Peter’s specially requested name (which never failed to make him laugh, except now his sore throat wouldn’t allow him to), “you are running a fever of 101.2 degrees. Would you like me to wake Boss?” 

 

Peter waved his hand frantically. “N..No,” he rasped, coughing weakly. He reached over to his bedside table and picked a three day old coke bottle and sipped it. Despite the burn, he managed to add a “thank you.” Peter’s nose scrunched up at the awful, flat taste. He swung his feet over the bed, but as soon as he attempted to stand on his own two feet, he toppled over. 

 

He staggered to his feet and made his way towards the kitchen. While waiting for the Keurig to preheat, he let his eyes fluttered shut as he rested his head against the fridge. 

 

“Excuse me,” a voice said, and Peter slowly turned his head around to see a shocked looking Bucky said. “You’re blocking the beer.” Peter stepped to the side and let Bucky pull out a can. 

 

Bucky popped open the can and sipped slowly while watching Peter sway simply from the movement of stepping to the side. Peter’s eyes shut again, despite his Keurig finishing its preheat. 

 


“I’m not tired, Buck,” Steve had whined, an actual whine, when Bucky had forcibly pushed him over on the bed. “I’m not even tired!” 


 


“Go to sleep. You can get your ass kicked some more tomorrow,” Bucky replied, tucking him into the blanket. 


 


“Tomorrow’s a Saturday.” A pout. “I have to--” A coughing fit. 


 


Bucky frowned and pulled out the first aid kit. He rummaged through it, but they had ran out of medicine forever ago. They can barely afford food as it is, much less medicine. “Hang in there, Stevie. You’ll be okay.” 


 


“I am okay,” he said, face red. He coughed again. 


 


“Bed.” Bucky threw the rest of the covers over his face before climbing in next to him. The lanky, small boy whined again but settled upon turning on his side and giving in. 


 

“What are you doing up?” Bucky asked. Peter flinched, opening his eyes again.

 

He weakly rubbed at his eyes and let out a yawn. “Thirsty,” he said, clearing his throat. 

 

Bucky looked to him to the sleepytime green tea and the melatonin supplements on the counter. “Right,” he said. “It’s ready, by the way.” 

 

“Huh?” Peter stuck to the cabinet to reach up for a coffee cup. His fingers had just brushed against the cup when he stumbled again. Thankfully, Bucky was there to put a steady hand against his back. 

 

Bucky waited for him to spazz out like he typically does. Peter’s still getting used to hanging around them all, Bucky especially. “Hey, doofus, sit down.” 

 

Peter was too out of it to reply. “Huh?” Bucky rolled his eyes and picked up the kid. 

 

That seemed to wake up Peter because he did spazz out then. “Sergeant Barnes,” he squeaked as he was thrown over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, “What’re you doin’?” 

 

Bucky put in the filter and started to brew the tea. He grabbed the melatonin (the modified one, one specifically made by Bruce and Tony for Peter) and poured some drops into the “who needs a superhero when you have a dad” mug Peter was using. “I’m on patrol.” 

 

“Ha ha,” Peter said, coughing. Bucky grabbed the finished mug, adjusted Peter, and headed towards his bedroom.Bucky slid Peter off of his shoulder so he could fall on the bed with an “oof.” He handed the warm mug to Peter’s shaky hands. “Thanks,” he beamed, bringing the mug to his lips so he could drink.

 

“Nightmare?” Peter did a spit take. “Relax.” Bucky wiped some spilled tea off of his chin. “Besides, me too.” 

 

“Can’t sleep,” Peter rasped. “Don’t tell May?” 

 

Bucky’s heart froze. “Peter…” 

 

“Please? She’ll come home for me,” he begged. 

 

“I won’t,” Bucky promised, chest tight. 

 

Peter smiled. “Thanks.” 

 

“Just… drink your tea.” Peter did so, slowly sipping the tea. Bucky sat with him the entire time. When the cup was empty, he took it from Peter to set down on the counter. He gently pushed him down on the bed and tucked a blanket over him. 

 

“I’m not tired,” he mumbled. 

 

“You’re just like him,” Bucky sighed quietly. 

 

“Huh…?” Peter asked, tilting his head to the side in his drugged state. 

 

“Nothing. Go to bed.” 

 

“Night night, Uncle Ben.”

 

He shut the door without looking back. 

 

Usually, Peter wakes up a bunch in the night. He can’t always remember the dreams, but he mouths words on his tongue, inaudible, but he’s still mouthing what he was screaming in his dreams. It’s rare he remembers them, but he carries the word on his tongue like it’s dead weight. Not this time, though, Peter sleeps straight through the night. 

 

When he wakes up in the morning, there’s no words on his tongue. “My Name Is” by Eminem blasts from his phone. Out of reflex o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Sick Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Whump
Superfamily
Kinda
Domestic Avengers
Teen Angst
Angst
Mood Swings
Sick Character
Team as Family
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Illness
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Childish Peter Parker
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Family doesn't end in blood
Peter is a Little Shit
Sassy Peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Avengers
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Touch-Starved
Suicide
(mentioned) - Freeform
Depression
Suicidal Tendencies
peter is mourning in this fic but he isnt really depressed
wanted to tag anyways just in case y'all sensitive to that
Suicide Attempt
(bruce's past mentioned)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

