Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
What the Minutes Say We are but minutes—little things!Each one furnished with sixty wings,With which we fly on our unseen track,And not a minute ever comes back. We are but minutes; use us well,For how we are used we must one day tell.Who uses minutes, has hours to use;Who loses minutes, whole years must lose. —Anonymous Paris, FranceMarch 20, 1967 Darcy folds her newspaper and lays it on top of the two others she’s read in the last hour, leans back in her bistro chair, closes her eyes, and tips her face to the early spring sun. She’s seated on the sidewalk outside of Cafe de Flora at a tiny rickety table with two chairs, as has been her habit when weather allows since she arrived in Paris two weeks ago. She’s become addicted to her afternoon grande creme (a large cup of white coffee) and newspaper. She’s often approached by one of the young men who gather in cafes around the city to talk about art and politics and for the most part she welcomes their company. She enjoys perfecting her French through conversation and immersion in the culture—language is ever evolving and it’s a useful way to grasp slang. There’s one in particular she’s taken back to her hotel a few times—he’s young and lovely, an artist with dark curly hair and soulful blue eyes. He’d been a welcome distraction for her on Bucky’s birthday on the 10th. Over the years, she’s developed her own rituals around significant dates. It usually involves a bottle of whiskey and sinking into her memories for a while, followed by reconnecting to the present with human contact. She picks her lovers carefully. It had been five years after the war before the pain of losing Bucky and Steve had healed over enough that she could remember them and feel a sort of wistful resignation rather than a soul deep ache. Funny how their loss started as an open wound then finally became more like a bruise—a pain which she could ignore but from which she was never entirely free. Gradually, her body had awakened, and while she didn’t want romance and commitment, she did want companionship, harmless flirtation—maybe sex. 
 And dammit, it was okay for her to want that again. 
 She didn’t entirely believe it, but Will and Peggy had told her over and over again that she needed to start  living. What was the point of fighting a war and surviving it, otherwise? They didn’t think she heard their whispered conversations about her, Peggy expressing concern that all she did was work and Will assuring her that she was healing in her own way. Given where she lived and worked, there were plenty of options for flirtation. People in Los Angeles and in the entertainment business in particular, were far less prudish than anyplace she’d ever been. She’d spent years at parties fending off men, many of them quite attractive—most people in Howard’s business/social circle thought nothing of forwarding their interests through affairs. Eventually, she’d chosen a handsome young actor looking for his big break in Hollywood. He was intense, ambitious, and creative—fine boned and not terribly tall, much younger than her yet not naive at all. She’d known the score, Jimmy was looking to get famous and she was looking for companionship, touch— something.  
 Just to feel something. 
 Even so, the first time they’d had sex she’d cried in the shower afterwards, feeling like she’d lost Steve and Bucky all over again. Eventually, she came to the realization that sex could be separate from love. It could be about straight forward lust—it could be about satisfying a bodily need. She didn’t need to be in a committed relationship to have physical closeness with someone. Her battered heart wasn’t ready to let anyone in anyway. Despite the transactional nature of their relationship, she actually liked Jimmy, undeterred by his tendency to brood, drink too much, and drive too fast. He was passionate and charismatic and told her she was beautiful and smart. They settled into a friendship that included occasional sex. If you’d asked her before the war— before she’d lost everything—  if she’d ever be so casual about sex she wouldn’t have believed it. But it made her feel alive—and nobody’s heart was at risk. He escorted her to various social events and she introduced him to a few contacts in the business. Eventually, his career had taken off and they’d seen less and less of each other, both of them busy with work and lacking motivation to keep things going. She’d been sad when his fast driving ways ended his life in 1955, but not surprised. It had been readily apparent James Dean was never going to grow old. She wasn’t either, actually. At least outwardly. It had been ten years after the war and at the age of 37 before she realized she wasn’t aging like everyone else she knew. She’d gone to visit Peggy one weekend in Washington D.C. six months after the birth of her daughter Audrey in June of 1955. At 36, her friend had l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James “Bucky” Barnes/Darcy Lewis/ Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/others

freeform: 
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Lost Love
Mutant!Darcy
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Polyamory
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Brainwashing
Recovery
Cancer
Mentions of Cancer

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James “Bucky” Barnes/Darcy Lewis/ Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/others

