Work Text:

Are you there?
 

He saw the post-it out of the corner of his eye next to his textbook, and Phil rubbed tired eyes as he reached out for it. Reading it, he couldn’t help but smile. He reached over for his own stack, pulling it closer. 
You should be sleeping. He wrote back, pulling the note off the stack and sticking it to the corner of his desk. When he glanced back it was gone. He went back to his study notes. He had his very last high school exam in 6 hours and he wanted to ace it. The flash of colour caught his attention again and he looked over to see a new note where his had sat only moments before. 

I can’t. Things have been crazy


here. I’m too 

scared

 wired to 


sleep.

Phil stared at the note and felt a spike of worry. Even though the word was struck through, he could still see it; still read it. Harry was scared. His soulmate was scared. Pushing aside his textbook, he pulled the post-it notes closer. 

You could always tell me 


where you are. I could 


help you. You don’t have to


do this alone you know.

He wrote back, nerves twisting his stomach. He’d known his soulmate most of his life, when the first sticky note had appeared when he was 12 and a boy who introduced himself as Harry who’d been 9 had written him a note wishing for a friend. 
He’d known about magic nearly as long; finding out the moment Harry got the first letter and having read the stacks of notes depicting Diagon Alley and the half-giant who’d brought him there. At the end of the day, magic hadn’t been that hard to believe in, not when soulmates were connected by a stack of 200 sticky notes they could send back and forth every day. 
He knew all about Voldemort - all about the nightmares and the weird events that kept happening. He’d been less than thrilled when Harry had told him about being forced to fight a dragon. Even less pleased when he’d discovered Harry had been kidnapped and used in some sort of ritual to bring Voldemort back from whatever half-state he’d been living in. 
And look, Phil knew how that sounded. He hadn’t told anyone that Harry was a wizard; hadn’t told anyone about the magical community; but that didn’t make it any less real. And he’d been researching. Harry had sent him resources; ways to find out the truth on his own to prove it was real without having to meet. 

You know I can’t. I want 


to, you must believe I do.


But it isn’t safe. 

And that was the one thing Harry wouldn’t give him; specifics on where he was. He was too afraid that if Phil was in the same place, Voldemort or his followers would find out and he’d be hurt or worse. 
Given that Harry was only 15 compared to his own 18, it rankled to have the choice taken from him, but he also couldn’t deny Harry’s point that he wasn’t equipped to deal with magic. Not yet anyways. He’d vowed to himself early on that he’d find a way to protect himself so that Harry wouldn’t have to worry about him anymore. 
He took a deep breath, picking up his pen again.

I know. I get it. But I hate


it. One day i’ll be able to 


help. Whatever you do, 


don’t trust the nightmares.


If something happens, tell 


someone first. DON’T just


run into danger. Promise me.

He wrote back. He knew Harry had managed to save his friends Dad because of one of the visions, but it seemed too easy. The two of them had discovered months ago that some of his dreams weren’t just dreams; some of his nightmares weren’t just nightmares; they were bits and pieces of Voldemort’s mind. A connection that pissed Phil off more than anything. If anyone should have access to his soulmates thoughts, it should be him. 

I promise. Good luck on your


exam, Phil. 

Was the reply, and Phil sighed, glancing at his textbook. He hardly had it in him to study now, but he needed to. If he was going to find a way to protect himself and Harry - to find a way to get to his soulmate one day - he had to prepare. 
 
>>>
 
He was finishing up his last semester at the S.H.I.E.L.D. Academy of Communications when the chill passed over him. He glanced around and caught sight of a sticky note, smudged with dirt and something darker - blood his mind supplied - and felt his stomach drop. 
He’d been a nervous wreck for the last few weeks, only just barely keeping it together. Harry was on the run, destroying actual pieces of soul ripped away and hidden in objects, and he’d had a bad feeling all along, just knowing something would go wrong. He scrambled for the note, glad nobody was around to see the break in his usual cool composure. 

Do you have a phone number?

It was the first time Harry had ever asked for such a thing, and heart in his throat Phil hurried to grab one of his own notes, scribbling out the number for the landline on his desk. He set the note down, glancing at the phone and back, and when he looked back the note was gone. He turned his attention back to the phone and felt like he was going to throw up. 
They’d been communicating through the sticky notes for nearly 8 year
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
you have 200 sticky notes to write back and forth daily
Crack
time jumps galore
Fluff
canon-typical violence ish?
or at least implied violence
Harry is a softie
So is Phil
mostly Phil's pov
other characters are mentioned but don't appear
title is Bastille this time
prompt
request fic
the song Poet
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Harry Potter

