Chapter 1: #1-10
    


Summary:

In this chapter: DDLC, RWBY, Kill La Kill, Super Smash Bros, Madoka Magica, Breath of the Wild, Lucky Star, My Hero Academia.





Chapter Text
1. Futa Natsuki punishes Sayori for eating all her cupcakes by fucking her ass hard“This is the third time you’ve eaten all of my cupcakes!” cried Natsuki as she slammed her cock into Sayori’s ass. Sayori had a particular fondness for sweets, and Natsuki’s scrumptious cupcakes were a cut above the rest, but her greedy love of treats found her on the floor, butt up in the air, with her pink-haired friend furiously pounding her ass raw, “Maybe if you stopped hogging all my cupcakes you wouldn’t have such a fat ass!” growled Natsuki, as she slapped Sayori’s plump cheeks. Sayori knew that Natsuki’s insults were all just hot air, so she didn’t take any offense. If eating all of Natsuki’s cupcakes meant a full belly as well as an intense anal fucking, she’d happily do it again. 2. After knocking Yang out, Neo decides to have some fun with the unconscious girl using her big futa dick.Neo was full of surprises. One surprise that Yang Xiao Long just found out was that Neo’s umbrella packed one hell-of-a punch, as she was currently laying on the floor unconscious. Neo had so much fun playing with the blonde brawler, it would be a shame to stop the party now. Smiling the smuggest smile in all of Remnant, Neo got out of her pants and let free her biggest “surprise” yet. For such a little lady, Neo had a gigantic girlcock. Pale, thick and with a fat pair of balls, Neo got her dick ready for a round with the knocked-out huntress in training. Neo straddled Yang’s face as she settled her swollen nuts comfortably on to Yang’s mouth, pulling down her top and getting two handfuls of her big tits. The dumb blonde bimbo’s cleavage was so distracting that it was almost impossible for Neo to focus during their fight.Neo nestled her big girlcock between Yang’s tits, squeezing her dick with Yang’s ample chest as she got to thrusting. Beating the blonde felt great but getting a titjob from her felt even better. Neo licked her lips, delighting in how her pre got smeared all over Yang’s breasts, making sure to rub her fat sack on Yang’s mouth as she went. The ice-cream lady thrust with maniacal intent, cramming her cock between Yang’s tits, her entire body bucking from the pleasure of fully conquering her opponent as she fucked her ample chest. Neo would have loved to cover Yang’s stupidly big tits with her jizz, but she had a more sinister idea. Neo shot up and grabbed a big handful of golden locks, wrapping them around her thick shaft, jerking herself off using Yang’s hair. Neo knew that Yang treasured her gorgeous hair above all else, so being able to make a mess of it got Neo off more than anything else she did to Yang. That, combined with the silky-smooth hair massaging her dick, caused her to cum. Neo unleashed strands of jizz all over Yang’s head, coating her yellow hair in lines of white. The blonde’s once pristine golden hair was now a gooey, sticky, mess. Neo grinned her evil grin once again, satisfied with her work. She just might have to drag Yang with her back to base… 3. Yuri rides MC while Monika sits on their face.“Oh my God, yes! It’s gouging me so deep inside!” MC didn’t know what else to expect from Yuri. The purple-haired girl rode MC’s cock as if it was her last day on earth, her ample chest bouncing up and down as she slammed herself down onto MC’s dick, “Ah, yes! Harder! Stab deeper into my body with your throbbing manhood! Ruin me!” Yuri was drooling all over herself as she fucked herself on MC’s dick, going into a cross-eyed bliss. MC would’ve loved to see Yuri go crazy over his “throbbing manhood” but he currently had Monika sitting on his face, his head getting squished between her thick thighs.As Yuri bucked atop his dick, Monika grinded her hips on MC’s face, her pussy drenched as the man of her dreams ate her out. Monika still wished she could’ve switched roles with Yuri, Monika should be servicing MC, not the other way around, but she did what he asked of her anyways. While Monika would’ve liked him all to herself, at least she could hear his sweet moans as he licked her pussy. At least she would’ve if Yuri wasn’t screaming. Monika thought about going into the game’s code and deleting Yuri so her and MC could be alone, but she honored MC’s request of a threesome and brought Yuri in for a frantic kiss instead. That would shut her up until it was Monika’s turn… 4. While at the beach, Mako buries Ryuko under the sand up to her face. While Ryuko thought it was just for fun, things changed when Mako decided to sit on her face.Mako could be a handful at times, so when she suggested that she bury Ryuko in the sand, she thought it would be a relaxing break from their beach fun. After her bikini-clad body was covered from neck to toe in sand, Ryuko suggested to her friend that it was finally time to chill-out, “Chill out?” Mako cried, “The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Anal Sex
Unconscious Sex
Threesome - F/F/M
Vaginal Sex
Face-Sitting
Verbal Humiliation
Teacher-Student Relationship
Dom/sub
Strap-Ons
Butt Slapping
Nipple Play
Threesome - F/F/F
Blow Jobs
Fluff and Smut
69 (Sex Position)
Ficlet Collection
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Rimming
Orgy
Hate Sex
Ass Play
Titjob
Gentle Sex
Yuri
Gangbang
Incest
Deepthroating
Glory Hole
Foot Jobs
Lapdance
Femdom
Spitroasting
Dirty Talk
Pegging
Tentacles
Self-cest
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
None
