Work Text:
A marketing class from MidTown High had a special field trip to one of the biggest companies there was, Stark Industries. The class wasn’t all that big and the field trip would be one Saturday. Everyone on the trip was very excited, but Ned and MJ hadn’t told Peter about it. They had both agreed that it would be really funny if they ran into him and if they didn’t then they didn’t give him the stress that he might. All in all win-win.Flash saw this differently, he hadn’t shut up about exposing Peter when they were at Stark Tower, but sadly for him he couldn’t rub it in, because Peter had been absent the past two days. Most thought he was sick, but he actually had a lot of duties in the Tower and for the MIT classes he followed on the side and he had gotten extra time off from school for his internship and college courses.Flash was still going on about this as they stood in front of the Tower. The teacher didn’t say a thing, but it was getting on everyones nerves. When he didn’t stop MJ rolled her eyes and commented: “With how obsessed he is with this, you would think he has a crush on Peter.”That made some people giggle. Flash turned bright red, but he didn’t respond.Then they were approached by a tour guide who gave them security badges and told them the rules of the Tower. They would get a special tour to the Marketing Department, but since they were a STEM school they would get to see some labs if they had time to spare. With that out of the way the tour began.At the Marketing Department a man was waiting on them. He told them about the new StarkPhone and how they were going to try to sell it to business people. They were focusing on business colors and the efficiency of the new phone to do that. He was in the middle of a sentence when the door burst open and a teen walked in. He was talking into a headset: “I already told you we can’t do that.”“Yes, I understand your concern, but it is this or nothing.”“The answer is still no! Good day.”The teen hung up and walked towards the man who was talking to them. They saw it was Peter and several exclamations of surprise rose up, but Peter didn’t seemed to notice. He was already typing furiously on his StarkWatch hologram. He cleared his throat and said: “Mr. Stark has been busy on Twitter, the deadline is one week sooner.”Heads shot up and protests were heard. Peter waved his arms and yelled: “I know, I know, but this is a hype we have to ride out now. Do your best! Oh, and your ideas were reviewed and we want a broader target audience besides business people, think families and teens. Good luck.”Then he walked away as the entire floor turned into chaos. Peter didn’t notice as he was already talking into his headset again: “Hello, you have reached Stark Industries. This is Peter Parker answering on behalf of Ms. Pepper Pots. How can I help?”The man immediately turned around and gave some orders: “You on teens, you on families. You, deal with the paperwork. And you make the calls to organize this.”He turned back to the group and said: “Sorry, about that. This is, however, a perfect segway into our next activity. You have fifteen minute to come up with a pitch for the new StarkPhone, think of your target audience and be ready you only have one minute to pitch your idea.”“Aren’t we just doing your job for you now?” Flash asked.The man shot him a look before saying: “We have about fifty pitches per target audience and product. We do not rely on a bunch of high-schoolers to help us through a crisis.”Then he lead them to a table and excused himself after which rushed away. After that they got to pitch their ideas, but they were escorted out of the Marketing Department when they were done. They didn’t have the time to entertain a tour group with the new deadline. Their guide seemed to enthusiastic about it, but that was probably fake, she was telling them that they now had time to see one of the lower R&D labs.The class just followed her numbly, still talking about how they saw Peter Parker just then. Everyone was kinda shooketh, because until very recently they hadn’t believed the boy actually worked here and now he was running around answering calls for Pepper Potts and giving orders to entire departments. Flash was eerily quiet and MJ and Ned were pretty smug about all of it. They got into the elevator and moved up. They were two floors away when the elevator started moving faster. From above them a vioce started talking. The guide explained that that was F.R.I.D.A.Y.. The AI said: “Sorry, but a higher clearance employee had requested a rush elevator and you are in the least of a hurry. We will pick him up and bring you to your designated floor shortly.”After that they had arrived at a high level and the doors opened. They were met with none other than Peter Parker himself. The boy smiled while greeted the tour guide by name and apologized for giving her tour a detour. He didn’t spare the class a glance and flipped through a few papers, signing them. Afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Industries
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Smart Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

