Chapter 1: Nightmares and Hot Chocolate
    




Chapter Text
Maybe, just possibly, showing up at Stark Tower at 2:19 am on a Friday wasn’t Steve Rogers’s best idea in the world, but it was an idea nonetheless.  They just hoped that Tony would be up and working on something in his lab at this ungodly hour, but they were soon proved wrong, but something has to lead up to that, so let's go back! *** At approximately 1:38 am in Stark Tower, Peter Parker-Stark woke up with a scream and tears running down his face.  His throat felt like sandpaper whenever he took a breath. He was trapped. He was trapped. He was trapped. He was trapped.  He was- There was a hand on his shoulder and a voice far off in the distance.  He could hear a heartbeat, steady and calm. There weren’t any heartbeats around when the building crushed him, so he can’t be under the building, right?  This thought is what gave the boy the tug that started pulling him out of his panic attack. The hand resting on his shoulder became a rock and the voice became closer. “That’s good, kid.”  It was Tony. “Just keep breathing.” The boy’s breath began to even out and he could see more clearly.  He felt the cool tile of the floor beneath him and began to wonder when he even fell out of bed, but he didn’t dwell on it for too long. “Thank you,” Peter croaked out with a half smile as he leaned against his dad. The billionaire didn’t respond, just letting the boy snuggle into him and running his fingers through his son’s hair.  They stayed like that for a good few minutes before Tony spoke up again. “Do you think you’re going to be able to go back to sleep?” he asked gently. Peter shook his head ‘no’ into his father’s shoulder.  It was a small movement and there were no words spoken, but Tony knew that it had been a bad night. “You need hot chocolate,” the genius declared, which earned him a small smile from the young vigilante.  He helped the boy up, taking note that he was still shaking a bit, and started to the living room, making sure to keep his arm around the boy in a comforting manner the whole way to the room.  He plopped the boy down on the couch and went to the kitchen to start making the beverage. As soon as he set the milk to heat up on the stove, he made his way back to the living room. “I’m going to grab something from my room real quick, but I’ll be right back.  I promise,” Tony told his son. He knew that, on nights like these, the boy needed reassurance to keep his anxiety from going haywire.  Peter liked to know where everybody was-- he’d lost too many people already. As fast as humanly possible, Tony ran to his room, grabbed what he needed, and came back to the room where Peter was sitting.  He plopped down next to him and handed over his MIT hoodie that the boy loved to borrow. The boy gave him a huge smile as he put it on and relaxed into the warm hoodie.   As Tony stood up to go add the chocolate to the warm milk, Peter called after him, “Please add some cinnamon!” Tony called back, “You got it!” Soon enough, the genius walked back into the living room with two mugs of cinnamon hot chocolate.  He handed one to Peter, who was now under a blanket and sat down with his own. He let his son snuggle into his side and put an arm around the boy. “Was it about May?” Tony asked the boy, but Peter just shook his head. “The Vulture,” the vigilante mumbled out quietly.  With just those two words, Tony knew exactly what his son’s nightmare was about.  Silence fell around them, but Peter knew that Tony was trying to not push him to talk about it. “I couldn’t breath.  I couldn’t get up. The rubble was too strong.” *** “You guys really shouldn’t do this,” Natasha said for the thousandth time on the car ride from the compound to the tower. “We have to,” Steve replied for the thousandth time on the car ride from the compound to the tower. Natasha’s voice had seemed to be more urgent this time, though.  Probably because they were about to pull up to the building. As they got to the parking garage, she finally got completely fed up. “Then let me out of the car!” The entire group turned to her in shock, but she didn’t grace them with eye contact.  She simply unlocked her door and stepped out of the stopped car. “You guys are idiots,” she muttered loud enough for them to hear her.  Silence reigned over the car after the former assassin left. They glanced at each other as if someone would have an explanation. “Traitor,” Wanda mumbled as she stared at Natasha’s retreating figure. Once Steve got it together, he drove the car up to the little intercom at the entrance of the parking garage. "Access Denied," FRIDAY said the moment that Steve rolled down the window. "I haven't even said the access code!" the so-called 'man with a plan' exclaimed angrily. "We do not have access codes anymore, Mr. Rogers," the AI informed him, "We only use security passes and facial recognition." "But you recognize me!" the man shouted at the AI. "I have put you in my system as 'access de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Not Captain America Friendly
Peter Has Nightmares
Tony is a BAMF
Irondad
spiderson
Aunt May is dead
tony adopted peter
Protective Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Hot Chocolate
PTSD
Peter Parker has PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Comfort
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Harley Keener is here
BAMF Harley Keener
Pro Team Iron
Civil War Team Iron Man
no beta we die like men
Peter has glasses
Artist Peter Parker
Scott Lang is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Redemption
it's about redemption babey!
Sam Wilson Redemption Arc
wanda maximoff redemption arc
Scott Lang is a baby and I refuse to bash him
Clint Barton Redemption Arc
Redemption Arcs
Sam Wilson deserves better and I'm going to give it to him
Deaf Clint Barton
because fuck ableism
Thorbruce is important to me and I will write it
Wanda kinda sucks at the beginning but I promise she will get the biggest redemption arc
bascially everybody gets redeemed except for stever rogers because i can do what i want
Jewish Peter Parker
You can rip Jewish Peter Parker from my cold dead hands
im gay and jewish and i wanted this

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Thor

