Chapter 1: Inhibitions to Penetrate
    




Chapter Text
HIRO HAD BEEN HOLDING IT FOR WELL OVER AN HOUR. He was starting to squirm in the water. He and Tadashi were staying at a beachside resort with their Aunt Cass, and had been outside at the pool for three hours already. Well, pools, technically. There were two full-sized ones, plus a kiddie pool and a hot tub. Hiro and Tadashi were at the second pool, which was down some stairs from the first and had a small waterfall jutting out from the second floor of this outdoor park.       Hiro had started to feel the need to go to the bathroom to take a wiz at about 12 O'Clock. It was a quarter to 2 now. But he'd held it. It had been 4-5 years since the days when Hiro, as a little kid, would let it go right there in the water. And because Tadashi was so often at SFIT that he and Hiro never got to hang out, Hiro held his pee in while they played in the pool, not wanting to miss a single moment with his brother.      Hiro was coming into his manhood, having hit puberty in just the last year, but he was still very much a boy. Only 13, soon to be 14, he was small for his age. 5 foot 0 if he stood on tiptoes and fluffed his black hair up. Because Tadashi was so much bigger and older, Hiro was grateful that his big brother wanted to spend time with him at all! With his big muscles, smart but athletic good-looks, and the 19-year age group he was in, Hiro had assumed Tadashi would go chase the pretty girls or sunbathe by himself, maybe play volleyball on the beach with some other guys. Stuff like that. But he didn't. Tadashi spent his time instead playing with Hiro like they always used to. . . For now, anyway.      Hiro's favorite game was when Tadashi would lift him up, one hand on his back, the other gripping his butt, and throw him through the air and into the deep end of the pool! Feeling the closeness of Tadashi to himself followed by flying through the air and crashing into the water gave Hiro a rush that was hard to imitate any other way. Hiro always resurfaced with the biggest of gap-toothed grins, hair plastered to his face, over his brown eyes. But being thrown really makes it hard to hold in your pee, after a while. Hiro could feel it built up inside of him, begging for release.     But Hiro wasn't with Tadashi now. The older teen had said a few minutes earlier that he would be right back, then disappeared by the staircase behind them. Hiro assumed he was heading up to the first pool, where their beach bag was, to reapply sunscreen. But he hadn't watched Tadashi go, being too wrapped up in wiping the pool water from his eyes, and with his own full bladder.    The boy was now sheltering from the bright sun under an awning that jutted out over part of the pool, which made the waterfall. He looked up at their hotel building, which was shaped like a slightly curved staircase, debating going to the bathroom. In the end, it was an easy decision. He really, really had to go, and the restrooms were right behind him beside the staircase, doors held open by a stop, and he couldn't hold it much longer anyway. He could probably even make it back to the pool before Tadashi if he was quick enough!    Hiro climbed quickly out of the pool, water rushing out of his black and green swim trunks onto the already wet concrete. Those swim trunks shifted down as he exited the pool, and Hiro accidentally flashed the crowded pool with his ass before he disappeared quickly through the door of the men's restroom, ears turning red with sheepish embarrassment. The young teen hoped no one had seen.      The second his eyes fell on a line of urinals set into the wall, Hiro's need to release himself doubled. He felt like he might wet himself any second! He quickly stumbled to the first urinal. Unable to do anything that wasn't a quick motion, Hiro thrust his swim trunks down around his ankles, leaving him effectively completely naked, the way he used to always do when he was just a little kid. But he didn't care. He grabbed his penis haphazardly, barely trying to aim, and released his stream into the ceramic urinal. Hiro closed his eyes softly, letting out a pleasant sigh while hoping no one came in after him before he could pull up his swim trunks.      It only took a moment. The boy was confident he'd be out before anyone saw him naked (well, anyone else), and maybe even before Tadashi returned to the pool. Hiro was all but done pissing when a voice behind him said calmly and teasingly "Aren't you a little old to be peeing naked like that?"   Hiro jumped, cutting off what little remained of his stream quickly, before stumbling backward in a rush. . . Right into the wet crotch of a swimsuit. The thirteen-year-old looked embarrassedly up over his shoulder and saw Tadashi grinning down at him. Hiro became uncomfortably aware that his bare butt was pressed against his brother's groin.     "whaaa?! 'D-Dashi?! How'd you get here? I didn't hear you come in!" Hiro sorely wanted to bend over and p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada
Hiro Hamada/Original Male Character(s)
Tadashi Hamada/Original Character(s)
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada/Original Character(s)
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada/Other(s)

freeform: 
Gay Sex
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Underage Sex
Pedophilia
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Incest
Extremely Underage
Public Nudity
Bathroom Sex
Hotel Sex
Glory Hole
Pool Sex
Watersports
Threesome - M/M/M
Loss of Virginity
Ubervirgin
Accidental Voyeurism
Accidental Exhibitionism
Age Difference
Dubiously Consensual Blow Jobs
Awkward Blow Jobs
Urine Drinking
Shower Sex
Sharing a Bed
Bedroom Sex
Loud Sex
Wet & Messy
Wet Clothing
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Content approved by SCAR

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada
Hiro Hamada/Original Male Character(s)
Tadashi Hamada/Original Character(s)
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada/Original Character(s)
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada/Other(s)

