Chapter 1: Chapter 1: Aunt May
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 Tony Stark knows what he is capable of. Being one of the most powerful man in the world he'd never thought that he'll end up in this kind of situation. He'd never peg to be a father figure to anyone but one boy.
Peter Parker.
 "M-Mr. Stark.." the shaking voice he heard never sound so small before."C'mere kid." He pulls the teen up to his feet and the teen quickly went in his arms. Not knowing what to do for a moment he allowed his body to automatically move and just put protective arms around the shaking child."A-Aunt May.. she's.. s-she's.." Peter almost choke with his sobs as it get louder, muffling over Stark's expensive shirt. He didn't mind the suit nor the shirt. He just wanted to protect the kid even more. He just had no idea how. When he got the call he never thought this will be the reason. Not at all. He already signed up before to be the 2nd guardian of Peter Parker just in case of emergency. But this event is far from emergency. It's critical.. "C'mon let's get you home. I'll take care of everything. You're staying with me okay?" Peter nod over his chest. His cheek pressing against the arc reactor. His shoulders jerking at every sudden hiccups as he sobs."Happy call Pepper. Ask her to fix the papers and.. May. We'll wait in the car.""Sure.. " Happy said lost for words as he grab his phone and watch Tony grab his handkerchief, pulling Peter away for a bit to wipe his tear stained cheeks. The sight of puffy red eyes and full on sobbing kid was not good for his heart."Come with me." Tony said wrapping an arm over his shoulders and guided the kid out of the Hospital.The moment they got in the car, he strap the kid in who's gripping on his handkerchief with one hand and gripping on Tony's hand on the other. "M-Mr. Stark..""Shh.. it's okay. Why don't you lean on me and get some rest first." Peter could only nod as his head drop on his mentor's shoulder. The seatbelt restricting him a bit. "I'm here kid.." Tony could only mutter as he feel the boy's cold shaking hand in his.The drive back to the compound was long and was in silence. Even Happy was checking the boy by the mirror every now and then. Peter stayed silent. Occasionally sniffing and Tony lifting his big calloused hand to wipe his cheeks. "We're here, bud." Peter moved slowly, moving away from Tony. He unclasp his seatbelt and before he can even open his door. Happy open it for him. Tapping his shoulder."We got you kid." He says and Tony wrap an arm around his shoulder again."Tony, Pepper said to send her a text if you're availble for the call. She's already preparing for everything." Happy said still eyeing Peter who leans his weight over Tony's side."Yeah.. thanks Hap." Tony finally drags Peter to the elevator. Rubbing the kid's arm as if to ease his trembling."Friday to my floor please.""Right away boss.""Do you want to eat first?" Peter lifts his hand to fist on Tony's suit. Not liking the way it felt rough against his cold palms. He shakes his head, burrying his nose to Tony's side."Alright. I'll take you to your room then." Peter has a room in the compound. Ever since he started doing overnight work with Tony in the lab and dropping by when he's upgrading his Spiderman suit with Tony. The Billionaire had to fix up a room since the kid always ends up falling asleep pass 11pm.He sat the kid down his bed and watch as Peter slowly take off his shoes."Mr. Stark.. w-what will happen to me now?" Peter looks down on his trembling hands and Tony quickly take them in his. Kneeling down to meet the boy's eyes."Hey, look at me." He lifts up his chin and wipe another tear that escape the boy's already red and swollen eyes."I'm still here.""I can't let you do that. W-We're not even related Mr. Stark. A-And I'll just be a burden.. and..""Peter, you're no where near a burden for me. How can you say that? Plus, May already signed me up as your legal guardian. I didn't even need to do much work. Just need to make it official. You are staying here." Peter had to sniff as Tony cup both sides of his face wiping his tears."You can rest for now. I'll do everything else." Peter nods, lying down and allowed Tony to tuck him in."Sorry.." Tony sighs as he comb his curly fringe back."What for?""Just.. for taking me in.. I know you're a very busy person and I had to.." Peter's eyes well again with tears but he suck it in. Not wanting to show anymore weakness in front of his mentor."Shh.. I told you enough of that, kid. You will never be a burden for me. That's why I have people to do my job for me. Okay?" Peter nods, eyes feeling heavy from all the crying. Tony sat by the edge of his bed, still gently combing the boys hair back with his fingers."Mr. Stark.. don't leave me. Please?" Peter's words felt like knives in his chest as he stare at the boy who allowed him such emotions. Emotions he never thought he'll have. This is definitely not good for his weak arc reactor heart. Reaching out to wipe a tear th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Adoption
Hurt Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Asthmatic Peter Parker
I Tried
Domestic Avengers
Suicidal Thoughts
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Pepper Potts
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Peter Parker
Orphan Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

