Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Bug lady, safe - muscly alien dude, safe - Footloose guy, safe- 
One by one, Peter reached for the Guardians, stringing them up out of harm's way; flaming meteors and chunks of falling rock surrounded them in a seemingly endless rain - even his mask was having difficulty filtering out the dust and ash that was steadily obscuring his vision.
Where the hell were Tony and the Wizard?
The spider-legs of his suit - which he still couldn’t decide were either creepy or awesome - were gripping tightly to what he assumed were the remains of the space donut, but he didn’t care to find out for sure, as it worked as a high vantage point to scan the battleground. There was so much destruction everywhere. Beams of smouldering metal crashed to the ground like crumbling obelisks, and he could feel a familiar tightness in his chest as he tried desperately not to think about it’s weight crushing him-He closed his eyes. Inhaled a shaky breath, in through the nose, out through the mouth.Not now.This was too important.Mr Stark was somewhere out there, and by the sounds emanating from the clearing ahead, the battle was far from over. Peter checked on the webbed Guardians for the last time, they seemed a while from waking but shouldn’t be at risk for the time being, and swung towards the noise of battle. He landed as softly as he could, heeding the warning of his continuously prickling spider-sense, and crept with as much haste as he could without giving away his advantage of surprise.The scene before him made his heart stop.The three figures were in varying degrees of health; Dr Strange was on the ground, using his remaining strength to hold himself upright, leaning on the rock-face behind him, watching the proceedings with sorrowful, exhausted eyes. Tony was clearly holding onto the last scraps of his energy in vain – having descended to the floor, his bare hand was applying pressure to a stream of blood flowing from his side-
Oh god- no, no, no, no, no-
To Peter’s horror, Thanos towered over them, gauntlet held aloft, and five glinting gems reflecting the waning light of the sun.He froze. Five. The world slowed to a stand still. All Peter could do was watch as their enemy savoured his victory, examining the new prize as it's power coursed through him. “One to go.”The statement was the spark that ignited the fire of anger and fear that rose inside him, overpowering any caution he had like a tidal wave. Instinct fuelled his path through the rocks and debris, sprinting full pelt and not stopping until his arms circled Tony’s shoulders - doing his best to avoid the blood coursing from the stab wound - and, the suit legs curled around them like a protective shell, rolled them both out of Thanos' shadow. His momentum brought them skidding a few yards away, covered in dust and blood, his heart pounding hard in his chest and both his and Tony’s breathing ragged.“M-Mr Stark, are you alright?”At any other time he would have slapped himself because of how dumb that question was.The other man was clearly not alright - having apparently lost the ability to keep standing, he’d remained on the floor, but had pushed through the pain into a kneel; what little remained of the Iron Man suit seemed to be shifting as the nanites were redirected to cover Tony’s wound that was still seeping scarlet onto the dusty ground."Kid... Go- get out of here, now-" a gut wrenching cough cut him off, a trail of blood trickling from his mouth to match bloodshot eyes. Peter took only a moment to look into his mentor’s eyes - which he didn’t notice before now looked remarkably like his own - before he turned towards the heavy footsteps he could hear approaching from behind.The calm, contemplative expression on Thanos’ face was somehow even more terrifying than the fury he’d shown during the battle.Peter tried to keep his breathing steady - knowing full well that he was the last Avenger standing. His shaking breath slowed to a measured pace, knowing all eyes – and all hope – was on him at that moment. He had to try, he owed his mentor that much. The amount of times Tony had been there for him, helped him, saved him, was beyond counting - and it was time Peter returned the favour.Quick as a whip, he shot a series of webs in succession, all aimed at the gauntlet in hopes that it would at least buy him a few seconds before Thanos could use it.It was futile.Peter managed to dodge one of the hits sent his way, but a large hand gripped one of the metal legs still arched around him protectively and pulled him off balance. With a terrible crunching sound, it was ripped from the suit in a shower of sparks and splintered metal. In a single movement he was thrown onto his back, the lenses of the suit dilating rapidly as he squinted into the sun temporarily blinding him. A silhouette cut through the light, followed by a hand with at least double Peter's strength that grasped the top of his head, tearing his mask apart and taking quite a large portio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Thanos
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst
Peter Parker Whump
Thanos is a dick
Thanos takes Peter
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Hurt/Comfort
Mind Manipulation
Canon-Typical Violence
Minor descriptions of surgery

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Thanos
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

