Chapter 1: First day at the Stark Tower
    




Chapter Text
"Alright. Everyone, may I have your attention please?" Tony Stark got up from his seat and looked at the Avengers members. It was a normal night like an another, the Avengers were having dinner in the Stark tower like they usually did if the team wasn't on a mission to protect Earth or its people. Everyone stared at Tony, waiting for what he had to say. "I'd like to introduce you all to our new member." He announced with a smile. The Avengers all exchanged looks, a bit surprised by the news.
"A new member?" Natasha Romanoff asked. Tony didn't reply as he walked towards the door and opened it. The new member waiting behind it.
You were really nervous. Fidgeting on your feet and taking deep breathes to calm yourself down. You weren't a big fan of being in the center of the attention but to add onto your stress this wasn't just any crowd. It was the fucking Avengers. Of course you knew them, of course you were a huge fan and of course you were intimidated as fuck. You were already a mess in front of normal people so you really didn't want to do this. You also knew Tony Stark had a thing for shows so he wouldn't introduce you gradually to one member at a time to ease your social anxiety. You couldn't really be mad at him though, you weren't very vocal about your insecurities.
Suddenly the door opened, you raised your head and Tony smiled at you before gently grabbing your arm. You smiled back trying to make a good impression. You walked into the huge dinner room and oh God, they were all here and staring at you.
"A child?" You recognized Thor's deep voice. You crossed eyes with him as he was judging you from up and down. You wanted to disappear. Thankfully Captain America came at your rescue.
"Don't be rude. Hi, I'm Steve Rogers. Welcome to the team." He offered you his hand as he smiled in a friendly way at you.
"I-I'm [Y/N]." You stammered. You shook his hand unenergetically and quickly so your hand could go back to your side.
"Actually not in the team yet." Tony spoke. "She's talented but never worked- did this kind of job before." He corrected himself. "Consider her more like a trainee."
"So you want us to babysit her?" Thor spoke again. Seriously, what was his problem?
"What does she do?" Nat asked. Tony looked at you so you could speak for yourself.
"I can heal people." You looked at her. Nat raised her eyebrow.
"Really?" What she did next left you and everyone else speechless except for Thor who let out a scream. She grabbed a knife that was on the table and ran it against the asgardian's arm. It wasn't a deep cut but it was enough for blood to drip. "Show us." She challenged you.
"That didn't even hurt." Thor recomposed himself after letting that ridiculous shriek that made Bruce Banner snicker next to him.
You walked towards the God of thunder and kneeled in front of him before putting your palms against his muscular forearm. You closed your eyes and concentrated, forgetting about everything around you, about where you were and who you were with, just focusing on the cut. The room was quiet, everyone was on the edge of their seat waiting for the result. If you were really who you pretended to be you'd be a huge help to the Avengers. You opened your eyes and brought your hands back to yourself as you got up. The cut was gone. No trace of a scar or blood stains. Thor raised his arm and inspected his skin thorougly.
"Incredible." Bruce let out, amazed.
"I like her." Thor raised his eyes to meet yours and grinned. Looks like he was just testing you after all.
"I'm twenty-five." You said to him as you placed yourself back next to Tony.
Everyone relaxed, the air had been very tense.
"So how did you find her?" Nat asked Tony.
"Fury." Everyone nodded, of course. "Missy here actually just heals random living beings that she finds on her way. People, animals or... secret agents. She found a SHIELD agent wounded and despite-" Tony paused to look at you. "Asking him to keep quiet about her abilities the agent immediately reported about her to Fury."
"Why did you want to stay hidden?" Steve asked you with his deep piercing blue eyes.
"I-I..." You sighed. "I just want a quiet life."
"Yeah well, you can say goodbye to that now." Bruce ironised. "Once SHIELD finds you they never leave you. Trust me."
"You shouldn't hide, you have great powers." Thor added.
"With great power-" You started.
"Comes great responsibility." Steve finished. He looked at you with a reassuring smile. He understood.
Suddenly the door opened and you all turned your heads towards it to see who interrupted. You recognized him and your body froze. The winter soldier. You had heard about him, his metal arm and what he could do with it.
"Hey." He threw nonchalantly as he noticed all the stares on him. "Am I interrupting something?"
"Not at all." Tony shrugged. "Say hi to our trainee though. She's gonna be living in the tower with us now." Bucky looked around, searching for the new face unti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Chubby Reader
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Slow Burn
Self-Esteem Issues
Self Confidence Issues
mentions of past bullying
this is gonna hit very close home
reader has healing powers
im sorry for what i did to thor in the first chapters i swear he gets better
steve is the mom of the avengers
tony doesn't hate bucky
this work will contain smut later
will eventually add more tags
Teasing
bucky loves teasing the reader
Protective Bucky
Truth or dare game
Jealousy
Virgin Reader
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Tickling
Hickeys
Love Bites
choking (not kinky)
Phone Calls
steve and nat ship it
First Kiss
Birthday Party
First Dance
Angst
Movie Night
a lot of tears
cute nicknames
no specific timeline but imagine it happens after civil war and it had a good end
theres refs to avengers 1
tony is a father figure to reader
Amusement Parks
steve and nat are team bucky
thor is team loki
forget thor from the first chapters reader and him are friends now
mentions about asgard
Motorcycles
a lot of dates
First Date
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Smut
Mutual Masturbation
Vaginal Sex
Massage
angst but with happy endings
Oral Sex
Public Display of Affection
small description of injuries
ok maybe this isn't as fluffy as it was at the beginning
we really 200k into this huh
btw the tags can be confusing
the story doesn't revolve around reader having to pick between bucky and loki
Strangers to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

