Chapter 1: ability
    




Chapter Text

“I will no longer mutilate and destroy myself in order to find a secret behind the ruins.”
— Herman Hesse; Siddhartha


* * * * * *



intro

As is the case in Tony’s life, it starts with an accident.He enters the communal kitchen in the dead of the night after a fifty-eight hour engineering binge to make himself a cup of coffee. Of course, he could’ve done it in the privacy of his workshop, but DUM-E accidentally broke the coffee pot in his enthusiasm to cater to Tony’s ill-advised request, much to JARVIS’s disapproval.His mind hazy with exhaustion and vision blurring slightly around the edges (that can’t be good, he thinks, but quickly swats the thought away because he needs his caffeine fix, damn it), he distantly hears himself croak out a request for JARVIS to turn on the lights to twenty-five percent. When he’s bathed with the soft fluorescent lights, he mumbles a thanks and proceeds to make his way to the counter where he knows the coffee machine is located.Tony’s blinking blearily as he opens one of the cupboards to retrieve a mug while he waits for the coffee to be brewed. Thankfully, he doesn’t have to wait long, and when he hears the familiar sound of the machine signalling it has finished doing its job, the engineer — mind still reeling with formulas and coming up with specs for the new Black Widow suit he has in mind — absentmindedly reaches for the coffee pot.He feels for the handle, and when his fingers graze something solid, he distantly wonders why the coffee pot weighs considerably less than he imagined. Chalking it up to his mind playing tricks, he shrugs and proceeds to poor the hot liquid into the white Stark Industries mug in his grasp.But instead of the aromatic smell of black coffee permeating the air, Tony startles awake when he hears the mug smash into a hundred pieces. Brows furrowing, Tony blinks twice and looks at his hands.Then he blinks again.And again.“This... is not the coffee pot,” he says dumbly.“Astute observation as always, sir,” JARVIS replies dryly, though there’s no mistaking the hint of astonishment in his voice.Letting the AI’s snark slide, Tony blinks once more before he gapes at the hammer in his hand.And it’s not just your typical hammer. Specifically, he’s holding Thor’s hammer.He has Mjölnir in his hand.Like, what even.“What the fuck?” Tony declares, dazed. He physically shakes his head, unable to grasp the reality that he’s just wielded fucking Mjölnir in the kitchen at four in the morning. “J, why the fuck is Thor’s hammer in the kitchen counter?”“Mr. Odinson left it there by accident as he became more preoccupied with beating Mr. Barton in Mario Kart,” JARVIS answers.Huh. Okay, then.But that still doesn’t make sense why he has Mjölnir in his grasp, though.Tilting his head in curiosity, Tony now takes note of the slight humming he feels in the hand that’s still firmly clutched around the handle of the weapon. Momentarily forgetting about his caffeine fix, Tony’s lips quirk into a bittersweet smile as he eyes Mjölnir.“You really think I’m worthy?” He asks, not expecting an answer but is astonished when the humming intensifies. Tony swallows past the lump that quickly grows in his throat, and it’s through sheer force of will and stubbornness that he manages to say, “Nah, girl. This is probably just a one-time thing. I’m pretty sure I’m gonna crash in the next couple of hours, so I’m chalking this up to another accident, because God knows this night’s been a clusterfuck from one thing to another. And there’s no way this is gonna happen again.”Another humming and Tony finds himself chuckling darkly. Minding the porcelain shards of the shattered mug and blaming it on his lack of sleep and proper nourishment, the engineer slowly reaches out a hand to lightly caress the faint markings of the hammer’s face. He allows himself several long moments just holding onto Mjölnir and feeling the now pleasant humming of her power resonate within him.Breathing out slowly, and shakily, Tony clears his throat before gently setting the hammer down in the same place he vaguely recalls it was located. He quickly cleans the countertop of the shattered remains of the mug before he takes out another one from the cupboard. Careful to not mistake the coffee pot for another object (or weapon), Tony pours the thankfully still searing hot coffee into his new mug.He pours himself a second cup and turns to leave, but not before he takes a final glance at Mjölnir innocently lying face down on the countertop.Smiling wistfully, he remembers the words uttered to him in his head, and he shakes his head again before he leaves the floor to return to his workshop.It’s not like it’s gonna happen again.Tony Stark is many things, but being worthy of wielding a powerful weapon created for a god is not one of them.Sure, he’s a genius and the best in his field, but even Tony knows he’s not that special.Though little did he know how he’d be proven wrong.


* * * * * *
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Domestic Avengers
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Tony Feels
BAMF Tony Stark
Sentient Mjolnir (Marvel)
Insecure Tony
The Team Loves Tony
Tony Stark Can Wield Mjolnir
tony is worthy
Avengers Family
5+1 Things
POV Multiple
Tony doesn't believe that he's worthy
So Mjolnir and the Team do their best to convince him otherwise
Steve sports a 24/7 boner for Tony
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Friends to Lovers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Avengers
the world reacts to Tony wielding Mjölnir
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

