Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Being the son of renowned Mob Boss Tony Stark has some perks, sure. Peter gets free stuff given to him, like, all the time. Peter gets into already-sold-out venues and arenas and theatres. Peter gets let in to see films he’s clearly too young for.His friends love it.Of course, there’s downsides too. Peter can’t get into the sort of trouble kids should get into, with Happy two steps behind him wherever he goes.It’s fun trying to escape the man, but sometimes the punishment when he gets home isn’t quite worth the thrill of the chase.Because his dad, renowned Mob Boss Tony Stark, expects self-control. He expects Peter to be well-mannered and poised and mature. He expects Peter to take over the family business one day.His dad’s hand is always steady against his skin when he lays down swift licks of pain, Peter bent over his lap and crying. His dad’s breath is always calm, his voice unmoved as he explains Peter’s wrong-doings, what he expects from Peter.Peter has never seen his dad shout in anger; Tony Stark doesn’t have to shout.Afterwards, Tony will make Peter sit on his bruises, will make Peter look into his cold and disappointed eyes, and Tony will explain, “Happy is there for your safety,” and Tony will pet Peter soft and hold him close and warm and tell him, “If anything were to happen to you, it’d kill me.”It works, for a while, and then Peter will lose patience with his bodyguard again, or he’ll want to show off to his friends, or he’ll have felt ignored by his dad for too long. And he’ll make another escape, and his dad will be waiting with hard eyes and downturned mouth when Peter gets home.And Tony’s attention will be just on Peter, his thighs strong against Peter’s chest, his hands on Peter’s bare skin, stealing Peter’s breath with each slap of contact.-On Peter’s tenth birthday, his dad wakes him with a flurry of kisses to his cheeks, making Peter squeal with delight.“Happy Birthday, baby boy,” his dad says, rubbing his beard against Peter’s face, making his boy roll away to land lightly on his feet on the other side of the bed.“Daddy!” Peter laughs, squealing again as Tony gives chase, dashing out of his dad’s reach. “Nooooooo!” he cries, breathless with his laughter when Tony catches him easily and pins him down to tickle his belly. “Stoooooop!” Peter yells through his giggles, pushing at Tony’s hands, and Tony relents; pulls his son closer instead to set Peter on his lap.“My baby’s ten today. Double digits,” Tony says into Peter’s hair. He huffs a laugh, kisses Peter’s curls. “Gonna have to stop calling you that soon.”Peter squirms away to stand in front of Tony and frown at him.“But I am your baby, daddy,” Peter says, stern, folding his arms. “You’re not gonna have any more kids, right?”Tony shakes his head, no. He’s grinning hard enough to cause deep crinkles at the sides of his eyes.“No, Pete. Just you.”“Right,” Peter says, smiling again, satisfied. “So since you’re not gonna have any more babies, I’ll always be your baby.”Tony pretends to consider this.“Even when I’m old and grey?” He widens his eyes dramatically, asks: “Even when you’re old and grey?”“Yes,” Peter giggles, climbing back into his dad’s lap.“Even when I’m a hundred and one, and you have to push me around in a wheelchair because my legs have gone all shrivelled?” Tony asks, squeezing at Peter’s legs, jiggling him around to make him laugh again.“Ye-e-e-es!” Peter says, voice shaking as he’s shoved from side to side. Peter’s face is hurting from grinning. He doesn’t always see his dad a very lot, but his birthday is just for them, every year.Tony stills his hands and smiles soft.“Okay then, baby boy.”Peter cuddles closer.“Come on,” Tony says, too soon. “Let’s go have cake for breakfast.”-When Peter wins an award for science, he skips to Happy’s car, talks the man’s ear off about his project and his award and, when Happy just looks bewildered and sort of bored, Peter sighs, crossing his arms.“Daddy will understand,” Peter says, looking out the window, excited at the thought. “Daddy loves science, and he’s so smart; he’ll be pleased with my project, Happy. The teacher said I’m as clever at science as someone years bigger than me.”When Peter looks over at Happy and sees the concerned frown on the man’s face, his smile slips.“What?” Peter asks, turning to face Happy fully.“Sorry, Peter,” Happy says, mouth turned down. “Your dad’s, uh. He’s gonna be away for a while.”Peter frowns, pouts, slouches in his seat.“Oh.”When Tony gets back, one eye is swollen, and his knuckles are bruised.He does seem excited by Peter’s project, praises Peter for his brilliance, but by then the shine has worn off a little, and Peter only smiles and politely says thank you.-On Peter’s eleventh birthday, he isn’t woken with quick kisses and tickling fingers; he’s woken by a bang.A loud bang that startles him out of bed and to his feet before he’s fully conscious.There’s shouting, muffled enough that Peter can’t make out the words but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Mob Boss Tony Stark
Daddy Kink
Blood and Violence
Threats
but not really between tony and peter
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
tony is soft for his peter
Orgasm Delay/Denial
only in so much as peter is pining hard for a WHILE
date crashing
Pining
Mutual Pining
Hand Jobs
Light Dom/sub
Punishment
Aftercare
Possessive Behavior
Dirty Talk
this starts with peter as a child but tony doesn't take what's his until pete's about seventeen
Overstimulation
No Safeword
Anal Fingering
peter is becoming this sinister deadly thing so adding the tag:
Dark Peter Parker
Violent Thoughts
Blow Jobs
Choking

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

