Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Standing with Steve outside the Medbay window, Bruce watches as the soldier’s eyes drift to Peter. The kid is lying on a hospital bed, sweating and panting as his severely fractured spine slowly knits itself back together. May sits in a chair to the side, eyes wet with unshed tears as she holds Peter’s hand. Tony is sitting on the other side of the bed, hunched forward with his elbows propped on his knees, holding his head in his hands.
“How long has he been like this?” Steve asks grimly.
“Three days,” Bruce replies, keeping his voice low. “Tony pulled up the footage from the Spider-Man suit to show me and”—his voice breaks a bit—“God,  Steve, if you’d heard the ‘crack’ when that asshole blasted him into the wall…”
Steve’s jaw is set in an expression of forced calm. “Do the doctors think there’ll be permanent damage?”
Bruce shakes his head. “With Peter’s healing factor, they’re hopeful. The scans are showing that the spinal damage is repairing itself—should only be two or three more days until he’s healed—but we have no way to sedate him and nothing that comes even close to managing the pain. He burns through morphine so fast it’s basically useless.”
Steve sighs, rubbing a hand through his hair. “I know the feeling.”
“The surgeons had to put screws in to stabilize his spine,” Bruce goes on. “They tried to put him out, but the anesthesia didn’t last. He woke up mid-procedure and…” he trails off, his voice failing him.
“God…” Steve runs a hand over his face, visibly shaken.
Steadying himself with a few deep breaths, Bruce continues, “At least he’s a little more coherent now. For the first twenty-four hours, he wasn’t even recognizing anyone.”
Steve’s gaze shifts down to his feet for a long moment as he seems to be considering something. Finally, he looks back up and locks eyes with Bruce, his voice determined. “I want to resume the SDP trials.”
Bruce thinks back to last autumn, remembering the barrage of unpleasant side effects Steve experienced during his and Tony’s attempts at synthesizing a drug that could work on enhanced metabolisms. The last of the trials had nearly put the supersoldier into cardiac arrest. He sighs. “Steve, we can’t ask you to do that again...”
“But if there’s even a chance we can reduce his pain—”
“No,” Bruce cuts him off. “We discontinued that project for a reason. The benefits didn’t outweigh the risks.”
“Well, times have changed,” Steve argues. “We have an enhanced kid on the team now—I can’t just stand by and watch him have to deal with this kind of pain. Not when you two were so close to coming up with a solution.”
“But even if we start now, it will be  weeks,  if not  months  of formulating and testing before we come up with something we could give him,” Bruce points out. “It won’t matter for this time.”
“Then we’ll have it for the next time,” Steve says firmly.
Bruce shifts his gaze back to the kid lying on the bed. May is wiping sweat from his forehead with a cool washcloth as he whimpers quietly in his sleep.
“Please, Bruce,” Steve says sincerely. “I never want to see him in this kind of pain again, and I know you don’t either.”
Bruce sighs deeply. He understands Steve’s helpless feeling—if there was any way he could test the drug himself, he would already be doing it.
“Just let me do this,” Steve begs. “Please.”
After a long moment, Bruce gives a solemn nod. “Alright. Once Peter’s through this, I’ll talk to Tony about reopening the project.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Whump
Hurt Steve Rogers
Sick Steve Rogers
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Bruce Banner
Serious Injuries
Broken Bones
Vomiting
Fever
Side Effects
Science Bros
Headaches & Migraines
Paralysis
Asthma
Allergies
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Science BS
Humor
Angst
Banter
Drinking
Las Vegas
Drunk Steve Rogers
Gambling
Coma
Crack Treated Seriously

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

