Work Text:
It was the quiet, gasped sound of his name in the silence of their bedroom that woke Steve. It took him several long moments to process what was happening as he drifted between sleep and wakefulness, pushing himself through the haze of dreams and semi-consciousness until he heard the slick noises of Bucky's hand sliding frenetically over his cock and smelt the heavy scent of aroused beta pheromones on the air, and grasped what was going on. Steve cracked an eye open, somewhat reluctantly. Bucky had thrown the blankets back on his bed, so his whole body was bared, his hips rising up rhythmically to meet the pumps of his hand, and his head was tossed back, mouth parted, eyes fluttering. Steve's sight was blurry with sleep, but just as his vision started to clarify and adjust to the dim light, Bucky moaned his name again, a drawn out: 'Jesus, Steve', and came, spilling over his hand. Judging by the light (or lack thereof) coming in through the window, and the time that Steve went to bed, it had to still be the middle of the night. Steve frowned and buried his face into his pillow, trying to breath in the musty scent of the old sheets and not the overpowering pheromonal scent in the room. Beta pheromones weren't as powerful as those of say, an omega (particularly in heat or pre-heat), but they were still effective at turning an alpha's head, particularly when this strong; and naturally worked highly effectively on Steve, given that he was already partial to Bucky's scent. 'There is a bathroom right down the hall, Buck,' Steve just grumbled out into the cushion, and heard a sharp swear escape Bucky's lips between panted breaths. 'Didn't think you were awake,' came Bucky's whispered reply a moment later, along with the rustling sound of shifting sheets. Steve just rolled his eyes, still keeping his face mostly buried into the pillow. 'I wasn't,' Steve groused. 'But amazingly, I couldn't sleep through your racket.'He cracked an eye open again, daring a glance over at Bucky, who was still naked and above the sheets, but sitting up and wiping come off his stomach with a handkerchief, not even having the decency to look bashful. Well, of course he didn't, Steve thought to himself. It wasn't like it was stuff Steve had never seen before. 'Wasn't makin' a racket,' Bucky replied defensively, looking over. Steve just frowned when their eyes met, and turned his face back into the pillow. 'You sore at me?'Steve wasn't sore. He was irritated, and more than a little confused. He didn't understand Bucky. He'd thrown himself at Steve while Steve was in rut a few weeks ago, and they'd literally spent days pretty much doing pretty much nothing but getting one another off and then dozing in each others arms. It had been nice, it had been affectionate, and maybe Steve was just a dumbass who thought that maybe that meant something (or maybe he was an alpha who became a bit too possessive when he found something he wanted to be his, but god, he hoped that wasn't it). But apparently not, because as soon as Steve's rut was over, things had gone back to, well, normal. Bucky had withdrawn, and not been even remotely distant, which was the worst part. He just went back to his same old caring, affectionate, pleasant self, but minus the sex. Well, minus the sex with Steve, at least. He'd gone out and picked up girls as usual, omegas and betas and had even come home one night smelling slightly of another alpha (which was none of Steve's business and he wasn't going to get jealous and controlling, but no, no, no, no, no). He had brought them home once or twice, and each time Steve had spent the night on the sofa while Bucky claimed the bedroom for himself. And Steve had just gone with it, of course he had. He had no claim over Bucky, of course he didn't. Normal was fine, normal was even good – he still had his-friend-Bucky just the same as always, and he was not ever going to complain about that. But now, now, Bucky was jerking off right next to him, gasping Steve's name as he found his release, and stinking up their whole house with his stupid, wonderful, alluring scent, and not even acting like anything was strange or unusual and that just – that just wasn't fair. Okay, so maybe Steve was a little sore. 'Appreciate the inclusion at least,' Steve replied and rolled over to face the wall. Bucky's response came out far too light for how annoyed Steve was feeling. 'Oh, no,' he laughed. 'I was thinkin' about a different Steve. Not you. Another Steve, that I know.'Steve growled involuntarily in warning, low and sharp. 'Easy there,' Bucky added quickly, tone still amused, but not laughing any more. 'I was teasing, don't worry. I was thinking about you, you know I was.''Well, that's great,' Steve snapped, pulling his blankets up over his shoulders. Ugh, now he felt bad. He didn't like being crabby at Bucky, but, in fairness, Bucky had woken him up at probably about two in the morning, so he figured he had at least some leeway to be annoy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Beta
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky Barnes
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
1940s
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Forced Orgasm
Overstimulation
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

