Chapter 1: It's Cold Outside
    


Summary:

1. Peter Needs a New Coat



Notes:
Thought I would give the whole 5+1 thing a go.  :)




Chapter Text
Peter Parker had just about everything he needed.  May held two jobs to keep a roof over their heads, kept the pantry stocked and made sure that they had every basic need met.  Peter didn't have to go without much and when he did it's wasn't ever a disaster.  It was temporary or he never really needed it, to begin with.   The difference between wants and needs was something that was instilled in Peter from an early age.  Though, it wasn't until they lost Uncle Ben that the lessons really sunk in.  All of a sudden they were living off of one income and hearing things like I'm sorry, maybe next time or I don't think we really need that today, became the most common reaction to asking for things.  Eventually, he stopped asking at all.  Trusting that May would take care of the necessities and that there would always be the occasional surprise of getting a little something just for fun and he had no problem with that.  It made Christmas and birthdays more exciting anyway.   
 That's why when winter rolled around and he found his coat in the closet to be just a tad bit too small and the zipper torn, he didn't say anything.  Coats were nice but layers worked too.  He could add an extra shirt and a hoodie under the coat and then it wouldn't matter too much that it didn't zip up or that the sleeves stopped an inch or two above his wrists.  They could get him a new coat on clearance after Christmas and if they bought it a size too big it would last at least two seasons.   
  Two things happened to coincide with the first really cold day of winter.  One, it was May's morning off from her primary job and two, it was an internship day.  With May home, he'd gotten distracted by their conversation at breakfast.  As such, he had to run out the door with very little time to spare, May chasing after him demanding that he get his coat.  "It's cold outside, Peter!  Get your coat!" He hadn't meant to forgo the coat.  He just didn't feel like he had time to grab it but he darted back inside to retrieve it nonetheless, rapidly sliding his hands through the sleeves as he came back down the hall.  "Okay, okay, I've got it on.  Can I go now?" May immediately cringed at the sight.  "You need a new coat," she sighed as he pulled the unzipped front of the coat in as far as he could. "This one's fine for now.  Besides, I have an undershirt on plus I have a hoodie.  We can get a new one later for next year.  It's fine, May.  I'll live," Peter shrugged.  It really was the last of his concerns.  He was sure he had it all figured out. Unconvinced May followed him out into the apartment hallway.  "I don't know.  I don't like the idea of you not having a coat-" Peter just smiled at her.  "Then get me one for Christmas instead of legos!" he called behind him as he began to descend the stairs to the lobby. "Not happening!" May shouted after him  "I like buying you legos for Christmas!" she added because it was true.  She saved all of their extra money during the year to make sure that Peter had a decent Christmas.  It was never much Usually a new pair of shoes, a few shirts, and a lego set.  Watching Peter open and immediately start building the lego set was her favorite part of the holiday.  Sighing, she went back inside to see if she could scrape enough together to get him a new coat now and still buy the legos later in the month. 
 Later that day, after school, Peter filed out of the school with all of the other students and quickly located his ride.  It was Friday and that meant lab day at the Avenger's Compound with Mr. Stark.  Ever since Homecoming, he's been going there once a week to work on suit updates or occasionally to train, and even though he had been doing this for almost two months now, it was still exciting every time.  "Hey, Happy!" he said as he slid into the warm back seat of the town car. "How was school, Kid," Happy asked as he closed the back door, sealing away the cold winter air. "It was fine.  I passed my history test!" he said still shivering slightly despite the fact that he'd only crossed the parking lot to get to the car.  He had severely underestimated how much his spider DNA affected him at a metabolic level.  Warming back up seemed to be taking longer than it should.  "Can, can we turn the heater up just a little bit?" he asked hesitantly.  Hoping that a little extra boost of heat would knock off the last of the chill. Happy didn't answer but he did make it slightly warmer in the car and Peter was comfortably seated in the back working on his homework in no time.  Just as he'd finished all of his math and had a good bit of his history essay completed, they were pulling up to the front of the compound and happy was opening his door back up.  As he did so, Peter gasped as the frigid air hit his face.  Seeing the man looking at him with concern he tried to distract him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Cries
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark is a Good Mentor
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Platonic Cuddling
Nightmares
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Gets Shot
Fluff and Humor
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

