Work Text:
Bucky is angrier at Steve than he’s ever been in his whole life.Steve has made a lot of damn punk fool decisions before, and Bucky’s tried to head off as many at the pass; but there is no accounting for this Captain America horseshit. None. Look: any fool with eyes will admit it’s a thrill to look at Steve now. He’s like a living, breathing Statue of Liberty, shining with inspirational vigor and light. And sure, Bucky’s glad that Steve’s free of his childhood maladies, that he has a big body to match his cockamamie ambitions. But Bucky isn’t happy about it. He leads a round of cheers for Steve just the once. Won’t do it again. He doesn’t like this one bit.Sure, Steve’s real strong and robust, but that means they’ll never stop throwing him at the front lines. Captain America isn’t invincible, and Steve will go down in a hail of bullets soon enough, same as the rest of them. If he’d stayed small and waited for Bucky back in Brooklyn, Steve would’ve had a stretch of quiet years at least, a chance at a normal life he’ll never have again.Bucky knows his life will never be normal either, because he always follows wherever Steve’s headed. Everyone back home used to think it was the other way around -- everyone but Steve, who knew differently. So really, Steve made the decision for them both.Bucky understands that it’s selfish to be angry, to resent Steve the hero because he has replaced the Steve that Bucky used to know. He knows, but he thinks he’s allowed to be angry. He’s allowed to mourn what was lost.Sure, Steve saved his life, Steve risked everything for him. If Bucky asks, he’s certain that Steve will say he became Captain America for Bucky as much as anything. And that makes Bucky so furious he can hardly see straight. If he shuts his eyes he sees Steve jumping out of a plane into enemy territory on a suicidal mission to find him, and Bucky seethes with unchecked rage.By the time he’s out of his third check-up his teeth are rattling they’re so on edge and he’s sure there’s steam pouring from his ears, cartoon-style. Every time a doc shines a light in his eyes and checks his throat and claps his back and makes a comment about how lucky Bucky is, he’s certain he’ll go off. He’s a bomb. He smiles broadly for them and agrees that yeah he sure is lucky, gee whiz that Captain America really is something for saving him. They give him full marks and let him go.He goes back to the room where they’re bunked at base. A private room should be an unaccountable luxury -- but since he’s been back, Bucky’s been taciturn, turned-in, speaking only when Steve asks a question or there’s a place they have to be; and now, returning to it, he’s like a kettle that’s been left over the fire, overboiled.Steve is sorting through papers at a desk that looks tiny underneath him when Bucky shuts the door. He glances up at once, of course, with the flash of excitement and hope he gleams with now, irrepressible. He tamps it down at the expression on Bucky’s face, ducks his head. Rakes papers together and shoves them hastily into a file.“How’d it go?” Steve tries at first like there’s nothing wrong. That’s a tactic of the new Steve. Old Steve would’ve slung his arm around Bucky’s neck and insist to be told what was the matter. He’d bug Bucky until he let it all out. Bucky misses him. Even now he can’t quite believe he’s gone, that there’s not also a Steve puttering around in Brooklyn, quietly drawing pictures he’ll send via airmail to Bucky. “Fit as a fiddle,” Bucky returns. He picks up his pack and empties the contents across his cot, checking over the supplies for the third time that day.Steve is a huge shape bent over the furniture. His gold eyebrows raise with concern. “Buck--”“I said I got a clean bill of health,” Bucky assures, sorting through his med kit and adding a serrated blade, “so I’m ready to join up with whatever plan they’ve got to get us killed the soonest.”Steve frowns, shows worry-lines, and Bucky can see he’s conflicted about whether to get up or not. He’s noticed that the new Steve isn’t quite sure what to do with his glorious limbs, which suggests there’s enough of the old Steve left. But Bucky’s too mad to think much about that. Especially when Steve says, “Is that what this is about? You think I’m gonna get us killed?”“I know you are,” says Bucky. “But at least I’m signing up for that with my eyes open.”Steve shuts his eyes in a prolonged, horrified blink. “But then, what--”“Listen,” says Bucky. The pack is repacked and he starts folding clean laundry with military precision, tidy squares and triangles that mask the shaking of his hands. “I’m only gonna say this once. You say you’re Steve Rogers and I believe you. I know you’re Steve. I love you for it. But I’ve also never hated anyone so much in my life. You’re also the man who took my Steve and put him in some kind of monster machine, and out comes a person I don’t know the same way. You might be Steve Rogers, but you’re Captain America also, and that g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
World War II
Post-Serum
Pretty Much Nothing But Porn
Sex
Spanking
Corporal Punishment
Belts
Kindly Read Warnings
This Is All Angry Bucky And Porn
Porn
Angst
Emotions
History
Best Friends
Established Relationship
I have no excuses

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

