Chapter 1: Peter is a loser (and he knows it)
    




Chapter Text
Peter is a loser.He knows it. He’s 15 years old, has no job, and lives in his mom’s basement. What else do you call it?He tries not to feel like a loser, he really does. But stealing things can only make a person so proud of themselves, and it certainly doesn’t make a person proud of him. His mom is cool like that, not necessarily proud but she understands the best she can and she’s a great mom. It makes him wish that he doesn’t have that urge to take it even though he doesn’t need it and he has not a clue what he’s gonna do with it, he just wants it and his powers don’t make it any easier, they just taunt him and tell him that he could grab and no one would even notice and just steal it. So yeah, Peter is a loser.So when Nerd Guy, Claws, and Drugs arrive out of the blue with their mismatched clothing and general ragged appearance, like they hadn't slept in a few days, or maybe ever, and they asked to talk to him, Peter was excited. Finally, something new. Something distracting, something adventurous. They need his powers to steal a person. He wants to so bad. He's so bored all of the time, and he wants to agree, but he hesitates for a moment. His mind warns him. His mom would disapprove. Who are these people? Stranger danger, anyone? He knows he can't possibly get hurt by this adventure, but he's pretty sure his mom would draw a line at stealing a person, even if it's a prison break and not a kidnapping. So he plays it cool.“That’s illegal you know,” he says casually, darting away to lounge on his couch. He throws them off, he knows, and he smirks openly. Maybe he should say no, just to see their faces. Or his mom's face. Even if his basement room was filled with stuff, that was for himself (and yeah he’s a little selfish and he couldn’t help it). Peter contemplates the idea of saying no while licking his popsicle. At least had a chance against stealing this.“Only if you get caught,” replies the gruff man with Nerd Guy and Drugs, and Peter grins. He likes him immediately. Drugs doesn't seem to care about anything, and he's actually a little scary. It's kind of cool. It doesn't help that he's standing next to Nerd Guy, and Nerd Guy looks too nerdy to break the law, which only adds to his nickname. Why are they hanging out with the coolest person on the planet? Well, besides Peter of course. But seriously, what is this guy doing here?Nice, Peter thinks as he rushes about, blatantly showing off and this man talked as if he knew Peter so why not. Also, he’s super fast so it’s fun to play with people who aren't used to it but he doesn’t get a chance to do that because yeah he knows the dangers he's just too fast to get caught but his family members aren’t, he reminds himself constantly.“You’re not afraid to show your powers?” questioned the one on drugs who definitely was not a cop because his name sounded British and no cop used to be a teacher (“Hey what's with this Gifted Youngsters place?” “That’s an old card” Yeah well Peter was keeping it because he might need the contact information and it looked cool and also this guy obviously meant mutants by gifted youngsters too bad Peter isn't a youngster though because he's 15 and proud.)Anyway, the (mutant?) guy sounded almost to tears and amazed as if he knew a mutant who hid his powers. Maybe it's Nerd Guy, he looks sad and uncomfortable. Drugs makes everyone uncomfortable, Peter decides. The person, not the object. The man is weird, and he's weirding Peter out and Peter decides that he doesn't like the guy very much. It also doesn't help that the old guy just switched from apathy to the verge of tears, which made Peter uncomfortable. Trying to hide his feelings, he continues messing around with stuff.“Powers? What powers?" Peter questioned. "Did you see something? Something that somebody would believe if you told them?” Peter raised an eyebrow jovially. He smiled at the men in a way that was mock-sincere. Then a thought struck him and he darted over to his arcade game. He faced the screen to hide his face, because he knew he had a bad poker face, and looked at their reflections.“What do I get out of it?” Because even if Peter’s a loner, he’ll find someone to show off to and if he does then he’ll need proof for… whatever it was. Show it off to who? his mind growls. You have no friends. You're a loser.“You, kleptomaniac,” sighed Drugs, irritated, and Peter wonders how he knows but then remembers, duh, he’s basking like a f***ing dragon in his hoard of stolen things so this guy was probably making an assumption. “Get to break into the Pentagon.”Peter can't help it. He turns to face them because the reflection of his arcade game sucks anyways. And Peter's surprised. His poker face is gone. He looks at them, really looks at them, with wide eyes, and takes them all in.Three weirdos with a one-of-a-kind deal to do something amazing and infamous and maybe even go down in history books has shown up at h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Minor Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014)
X-Men: Apocalypse (2016) - Freeform
Government Experimentation
Kidnapping
Brainwashing
Self-Esteem Issues
Shark Fam
Minor Character Death
Hurt Peter
Hurt Pietro Maximoff
Hurt/Comfort
dadneto
Erik has one braincell and he gave it to Charles
Charles will not give the braincell back
Just like Charles won't give Erik his heart back amiright
Protective Erik
Angry Erik Lehnsherr
Charles is disappointed and betrayed a lot
Angst
but not really until chapter 20
Don't Like Don't Read
The Author Regrets Nothing
Canon-Typical Violence
if canon-typical is Wolverine
anmesia
Memory Loss
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Emotional Hurt

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

