Chapter 1: A Study in Spidey Senses
    




Chapter Text
“- advantages helped the United States achieve victory in World War Two?”Peter is mid sentence when he steps off the elevator and into Mr. Stark’s personal quarters at the Avengers Tower. The Incident™ with the Vulture has been nearly six or seven months now and since then Mr. Stark has really embraced his role as mentor. Peter spends several days a week and every other weekend with the billionaire and he is positively living for it. To the surprise of literally no one but Peter (and quite frankly Tony as well), Tony has allocated for the kid a room down the hall from his own. And much like his room in Queens, a bunk bed sits snugly in the corner - “For when you inevitably have your friend Fred over” “It’s Ned…”. The walls are decorated with nerdy posters, from Star Wars to Firefly to Doctor Who. Peter can't help but wonder if Mr. Stark had consulted May in this clear show of affection.Another display of Tony's affection has Happy Hogan picking up the kid from school almost regularly. Peter lets Happy believe that he successfully gives off an aura of irritation- as if disgruntled at having to chauffeur around a teenage boy. And perhaps he is, but Peter sometimes catches a flicker of fondness when he slides into the backseat of the car mid sentence, rattling off details of his day and  you won’t believe what savagery MJ threw at Flash today- I thought we were gonna have to send him to the nurse after the sick burn she laid on him. Today is an ordinary Thursday like any other. Happy had picked him up after school, lectured Peter at length about how Asset Management was  not synonymous for chauffeur and that he ought to make Boss pay him a salary for both. He pointedly ignores the grin Peter shoots him from the backseat and further ignores the way that smile grows into a blinding one when he realizes they are pulling into a Burger King parking lot before making their way to the tower.Yes. An ordinary Thursday in almost every sense. He would arrive at the tower and escape down to the lab with Tony where they were excitedly designing a new suit for Rhodey -  “Yes, kid, you’ve heard me call him Honey Bear but I don’t think he’d appreciate this design… So let’s do it”  - until Pepper would drag them upstairs by their collar, Peter spluttering about how close they were to finishing and Tony shrugging, muttering how arguing with the woman would be futile.Anyways.Today’s schedule has been thrown off by some obviously  useless  meeting that Mr. Stark can't manage to talk himself out of. When Peter had theatrically thrown himself down onto the couch lamenting their lost time together his mentor had rolled his eyes, threw a pillow at him, and declared,  “You’re smart, Underoos. I’m sure you’ll think of something to do without my magnanimous presence- And something that better not go   boom.”  To which Peter had then rolled  his  eyes. And Mr. Stark was right, Peter would find something to do with his time. In fact, a few hours of the man's absence would leave him time to study with Ned for their upcoming AP History Exam. Well- at Midtown  every  class was effectively an AP class.Still looking down at the study guide in hand, Peter toes off his sneakers, ditches his backpack off to the side, and makes a hard right into the Stark’s kitchen area. He groans when all he finds in the refrigerator are  health  snacks courtesy of Pepper and absently says out loud, “It’s obviously C- The one about advanced tech like the atomic bomb or something.” It’s then that he spots several boxes of pizza on the table and, making a triumphant noise, carries one of them over to the island that separates the kitchen from the living room. He’s practically inhaling one of the pieces when Ned’s voice booms through FRIDAY’s system.“No, Peter, it’s D. All of the above. We talked about this.” Peter scowls at Ned’s response before turning towards the counter behind him.“No it’s not, Ned. Because if it were D then I would be wrong and that would put me at a 65% already on this practice exam and we haven’t even gotten through it all.” He’s climbing onto the counter near the fridge in order to get to the frankly useless cabinets above. “I can’t fail another exam, Ned! This last one is worth 60% of our grade! If I fail this final then I’ll fail the class and if I fail the class then I’ll be kicked out of school-”“You’re top of our year, Peter.” You can almost hear Ned’s eye roll as he talks over Peter.“- and if I’m kicked out of school then I’ll be forced to live on the streets exchanging sexual favors for money and I can’t do that, Ned! I wouldn’t even know what to charge- I mean, what’s the street value of a blow job, Ned? Do you know? Because I sure as shit don’t.”At this point Ned is outright  giggling  over Peter’s theatrics. Through his diatribe Peter has pulled from his snack cabinet almost every Little Debbie you could name, a bag of M&M’s that he promptly drops onto the counter behind him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Civil War
Protective Peter Parker
Humor
SpideySenses Betrayal
Miscommunication
Identity Reveal
Exasperated Tony Stark
Rhodey is 50 Shades of Done
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is Definitely a Teenage Boy
food food food
Somebody take the Kitchen Away from Peter
Crack
Sort of? - Freeform
Rogue Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
Embarrassment
Peter Definitely Embarrasses Himself

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

