Work Text:
Tony grimaced and whined a little when a familiar hand intercepted the bottle of whiskey and took it from him. He looked up owlishly into Rhodey’s face but his best friend said nothing, just took a long drink from the bottle and settled down next to Tony where he was slumped on the floor in front of the sofa. Tony hadn’t even removed the suit he’d worn to the meeting with the Stark Industries board today, just tossed the jacket over the back of the sofa and flung the tie as far away as he possibly could. He wasn’t sure how the hell he was going to get through the funeral two days from now.
“She’s gone,” he said, his voice more blurred with grief and tears than alcohol.
“Yeah, I know, Tones,” Rhodey said, his voice heavy and he let his shoulder come to rest against his. “I’m sorry.”
He almost didn’t say anything and perhaps if he’d had a bit more to drink – or a bit less – he might have swallowed the words or let them drown in alcohol.
“It’s my fault.”
Rhodey gave a start and shifted to look at him, a frown growing on his face. “What? Tones, what are you talking about?”
“I argued with Dad.” Tony gritted his teeth. “Again. They were going to a meeting then going on to the airport from there. Obie says he was drinking a lot at the meeting.” He let his head hang. “He always drinks more after he’s argued with me.”
“Tony, that doesn’t make it your fault. If he knew he was going to be driving and he was drinking heavily, that’s on him. Not you.”
Rhodey wrapped a warm, comforting arm around his shoulders and Tony couldn’t help but lean into him and bury his face in his shoulder. He wanted to believe Rhodey but… he couldn’t quite manage it.
“Besides…” Rhodey hesitated and Tony raised his head.
“What?”
“I overheard a conversation between some of your Dad’s friends when I was looking for you,” Rhodey said. “They were talking about that meeting. They didn’t make it sound like he was drunk or even that he’d been drinking at all.” He paused again for a moment. “What did the autopsy report say?”
“They sent me a copy but I haven’t read it,” Tony said with a shake of his head. “But Obie has.”
“Maybe we should have a look?” Rhodey said.
Tony considered that then he shrugged. “’Kay.”
He let Rhodey haul him to his feet and support him as his head whirled. They made their way to Howard’s study and Tony waved with a careless hand to a buff-coloured envelope on the desk.
“That’s it.”
He collapsed into one of the chairs and stared down at his feet as Rhodey picked up the envelope and pulled out the report.
“Uh, Tones,” Rhodey said after a couple of minutes.
“What?”
“This report says your Dad had been drinking but not all that much.”
Tony looked up and frowned. “What?”
Rhodey handed over the report and Tony read it through quickly. He saw the blood alcohol content but it was other things in the report that tweaked his mind.
“Where’s…?” He frowned and read the report through again a bit slower. “Is there another page with the rest of the things they found on them?”
“No, that’s everything,” Rhodey replied. “What’s wrong?”
“There’s no mention of Mom’s necklace,” Tony replied, his frown deepening. “It’s gold with a single sapphire. It was her favourite. Mom was wearing it when she left.”
“The paramedics probably took it off.”
Tony shook his head. “It’d be listed here. Everything else is. Mom and Dad’s watches, their rings… it’s all here except the necklace.”
“You want to talk to the coroner?” Rhodey asked.
“That’s the other thing,” Tony said, his mind starting to sharpen past the booze. He tapped the report. “That’s not the name of the county coroner. Or any of the local doctors. I don’t recognise it at all.”
Rhodey straightened. “So what do you want to do?”

******
“You know,” Rhodey said contemplatively as he boosted Tony over the wall surrounding the funeral home. “This wasn’t quite what I had in mind.”“I need to see them,” Tony replied, pulling a piece of paper out of his pocket and pointing. “That way.”
They skirted around the building until they reached the back door. Tony had already disabled the security cameras and now he circumvented the security on the door just as easily. They tiptoed down the corridor until they came to the large room where the bodies were stored before the funerals. Tony looked around and saw his parents’ names on two of the mortuary cabinets and walked over. He came to an abrupt halt with one hand reaching out towards them.
“Platypus?” he said, his voice suddenly strained.
Rhodey placed a warm hand on his shoulder and nudged him aside. “I’ll do it.”
He reached out and opened the door with ‘Howard Stark’ written on it. Tony turned away a little as Rhodey pulled the stretcher inside out then he turned back just as quickly at the sound of Rhodey’s surprised curse.
“What?” He stepped forward and his eyes widened as he took in the… mess that was his father’s face. Suddenly, the insistence on a closed casket funeral made sense. “Is that… normal… for a car accident?”
“I don’t know,” Rhodey replied. “B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mentions of other characters - Freeform
Not Peggy Friendly
Canon divergence from way back
Tony finds out the truth
Rhodey is the best bro
Team Tony

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

