Work Text:
Grief, they said, was always the hardest emotion to let go.It was excess baggage, he knew, but it was so hard to let it go—To let  him  go, that quickly, that easily.
 And for what? 
Venice was beautiful. The backdrop of the river-run city was gorgeous against MJ’s silhouette. Ned was having the time of his life, and for a good amount of time, they were hand in hand, not quite too willing to let each other go, not since the Snap, or what had undone it.When he thought about it, that singular snap that brought back his life and took it away in an instant, Peter didn’t know whether to smile or cry. Sometimes, it was a mix of both, mixing with the euphoria of relief and joy that  he was here, alive, to see his friends and family again,  his delighted giggling as he and Ned pushed their beds together in the hotel room only dissolving into sobs as he looked at the life he was having—The life Tony Stark no longer had.Ned was kind, and patient. Every breakdown in his company was spent in comfort and support, and Peter fancied himself growing attached to his best friend. Maybe even more than MJ—though it was hard to let her go, too, not when she laughed the way the sun rises, or when her eyes reflected sparkling stars in the sky.Peter huffed through a shuddering, shattered breath, roughly wiping at his eyes as he bitterly wished he was anywhere but here.Here, where Nick Fury’s eye was on him, eyebrow cocked in silent judgement, and Quentin Beck—Mysterio—hid awkwardly behind a bottle of beer. Peter sniffled, and looked at his own glass—orange juice, with a straw, even—and thought about the fact that a few of his tears had fallen into it. Could he still drink that?“Damn,” Fury said, and Beck gave him a withering look. “You got some  issues, kid.”“‘M fine.” Peter mumbled, and sniffled again. “Ugh, need a tissue.”“Here.” Beck reached out to him, and handed Peter a little wad of napkins he picked up from the counter they sat at. Peter gave him a weak little smile, and took it from him. Gingerly he wiped at his eyes and blew his nose, and when he put the tissue down, Beck had his elbow on the counter, looking at Peter with his chin on his hand. “You miss this Stark guy a lot, don’t you?”“Y-yeah.” Peter could  not  cry again. Not two times in a row, and  especially not in front of Fury.He wasn’t so sure about Beck yet—who knows what his multiverse world’s Spider-Man was like, but Peter didn’t want to take too many chances. He at least had to stop crying, first.Tony would have laughed at him about that. Ruffled his hair and called him a baby, but wouldn’t leave his side until he’d calmed down.
 (Just like last time, when he mourned his uncle. Now he was mourning family, again.) 
“I’m sorry for your loss.” Beck said gently, reaching out to brush the tips of his fingers over Peter’s forehead, brushing against the locks of hair that drooped over it. “You’re taking it pretty hard.”“I—I,” Peter shook his head, and turned away. “I’ll get over it.”
 He knew he couldn’t. 
Beck’s eyes softened on him, and Fury shook his head.“Ah, fuck it. I can’t be dealing with this.” Fury got up from his seat with a huff. Peter watched him go, deflating further, but Beck sat up straighter, looking indignant.“Mr. Fury—” he began, but the man held a hand up for him to stop.“Quit it. Parker here just needs some time to sort himself out. Stark was important to him, so he just needs time to think.” Beck blinked at him, and Fury turned to the door. “That’s all for now. Get some rest, kid.”The man strode out of the room, leaving the two together inside. Beck turned back to Peter, who looked down at his juice forlornly.“So…” Beck began, but hesitated. Peter continued to stare at the meagre orange juice in his glass, and the older man tried again. “You said you were here on a school trip?”“H-huh?” Peter blinked, and looked at the man. The dark circles under his eyes made Beck hiss, shaking his head, and he beckoned Peter to move closer to him. Gingerly the teen complied, and when he was close enough, Beck pulled his eye down by his cheek to inspect them.“They’re bloodshot.” He murmured. “You haven’t been sleeping well either, have you?”“I’ve been trying.” Peter mumbled. “My best friend helps me a lot with it, but sometimes…” he bit his lip, “Sometimes it’s just hard.”“I’m sure it is.” Beck nodded, taking a swig of his beer with a sigh. Peter watched the man move—the way his throat bobbed as he took a gulp, and looked back down at the surface of his orange juice, where his haunted expression looked back at him.“Mr. Beck—”“Quentin is fine, I said.”Peter shook his head gingerly, and Beck chuckled fondly.“Okay, fine.” He said, smiling kindly, and Peter was glad he never really knew the way he knew Tony Stark. Mr. Stark  rolled off the tongue so easily. Mr. Beck was just the slightest adjustment, but it was easier to learn than Quentin.It was easier to remember the other Mister in his life, because for all the fuss he made about wanting to get over To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Implied Ned Leeds/Peter Parker - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Explicit Sexual Content
Extremely Dubious Consent
Alcohol
Underage Drinking
Underage Sex
Grief/Mourning
Daddy Kink
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulation
Twisted
Marking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Loss of Virginity
Mind Manipulation
Mind/Mood Altering Substances
this is mysterio we're talking about guys
Kidnapping
kinda ????
god this is horrible
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Implied Ned Leeds/Peter Parker - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

