Work Text:
Bucky took a step back and counted to ten. Well, tried to, at least. The six-foot-something moron standing in his tent was determined to make sure he got no farther than five. Fury was rolling off of him in waves, making Bucky feel all the more amped up and pissy, like they were caught in some sort of anger feedback loop. “Are you blind, Bucky?” Steve was saying. He took a step forward for emphasis, into the dim pool of light that the single lantern in the tent threw out. “I can take care of myself now, if that hasn’t escaped your attention. You don’t gotta watch my back every single step of the way now, I’m more than capable of doing that on my own. And I sure as hell don’t appreciate you treating me like I’m made of glass all of a sudden. You didn’t used to.” The anger that had been roiling just beneath the surface bubbled up again. Bucky frowned, and watched a mirror reaction in Steve’s face. God, he didn’t think he was ever gonna get used to looking up at this idiot instead of down - but he never looked down on Steve, not like everyone else did. Not like everyone expected him to - a young alpha, full of life and swagger, mouth set and shoulders squared like he was gonna conquer the world. No one like Bucky stayed behind for an omega like Steve - especially with how Steve used to be.But of course, now that Steve was like this...like this, Bucky wasn’t sure if he was gonna have to stay behind for Steve any more. He suspected that now Steve was gonna be the one leaving him in the dust while he charged forward, saving the world like Bucky somehow always knew he would.To be frank, it scared the hell out of him. Which was why they’re there in Bucky’s tent, a few unwise words away from having a knock-down drag-out brawl on the cold ground. Bucky would’ve suggested they take it outside, but being in the eyes of other soldiers...that was the complete opposite of what he wanted. He felt kinda like a heel for asking Steve to avoid other soldiers as best he could, at least only walk around unaccompanied during daytime hours, because soldiers could be rough. Bucky knew firsthand how rough they could be.And his comrades in arms who were his fellow alphas...well. The very thought made Bucky see red for a second. “No one’s gonna go around picking fights with me now. I may be an omega but I can take care of myself now.” Steve said, a little softer. Bucky feels the tension in his spine and fists dissipate some. Steve always won their arguments using that tone, steely enough that Bucky knew Steve was having none of his shit, soft enough for him to know that there was no real lingering anger. “No one’s gonna hurt me. But you treating me like one all of a sudden - that’s what hurts, Buck.”“It ain’t about what you are or aren’t,” Bucky snapped. Steve fell quiet. “You know that doesn’t matter to me, Stevie -”“Really?” Steve interrupted, brow furrowing. “Then why are you suddenly so concerned for my virtue and safety?” “Because you don’t need me.” Bucky whirled around, trying to find something in his tiny tent to occupy himself so he didn’t have to look at Steve, because there it was. His words seemed to crystallize in the air now that he’d said them out loud. For weeks he avoided examining this too closely - he drank, he slept, he did what he had to around base as he healed, he drank some more, he feared the cold spot inside him that he just couldn’t shake. Anything to avoid looking at this.But the words were out and now they were real, and Steve would take one look at him and come to the belated conclusion that oh yeah, he didn’t need Bucky now after all. Behind him, Steve closed in. Bucky tensed when he laid a warm hand on his shoulder. “I always need you.  I jumped out of a plane over enemy territory to find you.” He took a deep breath. Neither of them liked talking about that night seriously, not Steve’s stupid night flight or the state he’d found Bucky in. “The other guys - I’m glad I could save them too, give them all a second chance. But even if I couldn’t save them, I’d do it all over again, because I.” He frowned, pinching the bridge of his nose, like he used to whenever he had a headache. “I felt what you were feeling, Buck. It’s totally stupid and maybe I was just imagining it, but there was something.”“You just got scared for me once you got the news the 107th went down,” Bucky began, frowning, but Steve shook his head, adamant. “No, it was something else. Your fear was mine. I wasn’t scared that I jumped out of a plane or broke into that facility by myself, I was scared because you were. Everything you felt, I knew, somehow. It was like hearing an echo - I can’t explain it, it was the strangest thing, but I knew what I was feeling.” Bucky turned around, tilting his chin up a little. He tried to stare Steve down, a challenge, adopting the same quirk of brow and set of mouth that he normally used on other alphas who were toeing the line or personal boundaries. “And what are you making of that, Stevie?” St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
First Time
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Pairbond
Soul Bond
Idiots in Love
Jealousy
Possessive Bucky Barnes
allusions to mpreg but it's not an actual thing
real crazy first time fucking
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

