Chapter 1: Karen
    




Chapter Text
“ – and then I turned around, and suddenly MJ was standing there and just said what’s up, loser and I literally died.”“It sounds like you had a very enjoyable day, Peter.”“What? No! Karen, didn’t you listen? I died!”“That is incorrect. You are very much alive, Peter. Would you like me to show you your vitals?” Before Peter could even answer, his heartbeat as well as several other statistics popped up on his interface. He thought about pointing out that it was actually a bit dangerous to block his view while he was mid swing, several hundred feet in the air. Not that it really mattered. He could swing around Queens with his eyes closed and wouldn’t crash. Not that he had, like, tried it or something. That would be so irresponsible and dangerous. Totally nothing Peter would ever do.“It’s a figure of speech,” he said, swiping the stats out of the way, and landing on a roof top. “Anyway, do you have anything for me?”
“My scans do not register any crimes at the moment.”
“What? Nothing?”
“Nothing.”
“Huh … I guess even criminals need a break, right?”
“Or maybe they do not want to anger Spider-Man.”
“Karen, I appreciate your faith in me, but we both know that’s not the reason.”  Peter slumped down on the edge of the building, his feet lightly kicking the brick wall. “So, I guess I’ll just wait then? Or is there anyone else who needs my help? Some kitten in a tree or a nice, old lady with too many groceries to carry?”
“I am sorry, but I fear there is nothing that requires attention right now.”
“That’s cool,” Peter sighed, and looked over Queens. The sun was low, not quite setting but getting there. A warm, golden light fell over the buildings and streets, creating almost-long shadows. Maybe it was the mood or the fact that nobody seemed to need the spider-themed vigilante in this moment, but everything seemed so peaceful. Which was rare for a city as big and lively as New York. “It’s a nice view.”
“It is very picturesque.”
For a second, he was silently watching the sky. “Hey, Karen, you don’t happen to have a photography feature or something like that, do you? Not the Baby Monitor, but a proper camera to take photos.”“No, I do not,” Karen answered and maybe Peter was imagining it – at this point, he’s gotten so attached to his AI that he sometimes forgot that he wasn’t talking to an actual person; also the thought that one of his closest friends was a robot was still awesome, but a bit depressing, too – but she sounded like she was sorry. “Would you like me to add it to the list for upgrade ideas?”He tilted his head to the side. “You have a list for that?”
“Of course. Tony installed it for you to write down your ideas before you can forget them.”
Peter hummed, not knowing how to answer while the now somewhat familiar, squirming feeling returned to his stomach. It’s been a bit over two weeks since his weekend at the compound. The thought of Tony Stark being his real father was still as overwhelming as it’d been the first time around, but he supposed that it was normal to need some time to get used to it.After their emotional talk, Tony and Peter hadn’t been able to go back to sleep. There’d been the strange urge to talk and just spend time together that had pushed all the tiredness out of their bones. So, they’d reheated the leftover lasagna, and kept talking about everything that had happened in the last two weeks. Peter had retold all of his patrolling adventures – which had lasted at least an hour – and what’d happened at school, proudly announcing the A he’d gotten in his Physics exam.On the other hand, Tony’d updated him on the process of turning the Tower into the SI’s figurehead. Due to the Vulture, Tony had stopped the selling process of the Tower. First because of security and investigative reasons, then because he actually liked the building. Besides having Tony and Pepper’s penthouse and his personal labs, the Tower was turning into some kind of Stark Industry visitor center. There would be a large exhibition about SI’s history, as well as a section about Iron Man and the Avengers, and a few R&D labs that curious visitors could take a look at and maybe play around with a few – hazard-free– inventions. Of course, the mass production plus the really interesting labs would still be somewhere outside the city and not open for any visitors. Most of all the offices would be placed there, too. Peter had even helped to outline a program for schools, so kids of all ages had the opportunity to go there and learn about science, technology, and clean energy. Pepper had been really excited about his ideas, claiming he was already doing more for good publicity than Tony’d done in the past ten years.The whole process was absolutely arduous, even for people like Tony Stark and Pepper Potts who dealt with something like this on a regular basis, but Peter was still happy that he’d kept the Tower. It was such an iconic building, and – if Peter was completely honest with himself – it also
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Feels
Irondad
spiderson
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

