Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text





November 2023

“And then at 10:15 you have that speech to the American Fisherman’s Society in the Green Room. They’re presenting you with a 20lb bass, which I think is taxidermized but I will check on that,” President Steven Grant Rogers’ morning PA wrinkled her nose. 
“Wanda, make a note. Let’s schedule more events where someone gives me a really big fish,” Steve remarked as he and Wanda wandered from the residence to the Oval Office. 
“Yes, sir,” she replied quickly. 
“Wanda, that was a joke,” Steve said gently, trying to conceal his smirk. Two months I’ve had this one and she still can’t read me. 
“Yes, sir,” Wanda replied meekly. She was saved from any further embarrassment when she and Steve entered the portico and were met by Natasha Romanov.
“Nat!” Steve cried jovially. “What is this I hear about penguins I’m pardoning?”
Nat rolled her eyes. “He made a – and I quote – game time decision, sir, about how to distract from the Stark meeting this week, sir. You are the one who gave him this job against my better judgement.”
“A, you are the one who technically hired him, dear Chief of Staff, and b, Nat, you were in my grooms party, I think we can do Steve,” he replied, the way he did every morning, as their walk to the Oval was joined by several Secret Service members and a few scattered staffers. 
“Yes, sir, Mr. President,” she replied with a smirk, the same way she did every morning. 
He grinned and gave her a fist bump before entering the door held open for him by a fellow Marine. “Lt. Jackson,” he greeted the man, who nodded in return. Steve walked in the room and paused, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes, the way he had every morning for the 22 months and 14 days he had been President. 
After a decorated military service, the American public was not particularly surprised when Steve Rogers declared his candidacy for President. What they were really surprised at was how he conducted his campaign once he started running. He gathered a staff of Republicans, Democrats, Green Party, and even a sprinkling of libertarian-leaning folks who helped him craft one of the most aggressively pragmatic campaigns in American history. His slogan was ‘Whatever It Takes’ and the American people had decided to give him four years to prove it. 
His victory was helped by four factors, according to historians. One, his running mate was his famous fellow solider Samuel Wilson who was already a two-term Senator when the men ran. Two, the other candidate put forward was really weak. She was also routinely kerfuffled by his passionate and yet diplomatic answers to her rather pedantic challenges and had a stronger feminist and intersectional campaign than she did. Three, both he and Wilson were essentially made of charisma. Four, his wife died suddenly two months before the election, leaving Steve a single father of a truly adorable 10-year-old moppet named Peter. 
Once elected, Steve quickly set about filling key positions. The best advice he had gotten from previous presidents was that the person he trusted with his life and was eons smarter than him was his Chief of Staff. If he had two of them, the least charismatic one got CoS and the other one got Communications Director. He, and Nat had been friends since their moms had been in the same Mom-and-Tots swimming class at the YMCA in Brooklyn. James 'Bucky' Barnes joined the gang a few years later, but they'd all be inseparable since their elementary school years. If the three of them couldn’t lead the charge to execute Steve’s vision of a better America, no one could. 

“You have essentially been running my life since we were in diapers, why should that stop now?”


“I’m currently making $450k a year and I’d be trading any future maternity leave for this. You have two sentences to convince me to manage your circus,” Nat had said when he had asked her to leave her gig as a human right lawyer in Chicago to help his campaign. 


“Our moms would want you to do it.” Steve said solemnly. 


Nat grunted. “Oh fuck you, you did it in one.” She sighed. “More or less than what I make?”


“Bucky thinks you can each swing $1200 a week.”


“So this would be less.”


“That answers the question if I’m putting you forward for Treasury Secretary.”

“Bucky, pal, what did these penguins do that I’m commuting their sentences?” Steve called to his best friend as his executive staff began to enter the Oval for their morning briefing. 
“They’re gay,” Bucky shrugged, his mouth full of bagel. “It was Buzzfeed. Some zoo in China was going to kill them. I said we’d take them.”
“You are the goddamn communications director,” Phil Coulson, Director of Intergovernmental Affairs, growled at Bucky. “You couldn’t have sent a text to the National Zoo first?”
“Phillip,” Bucky rolled his eyes slightly as Bucky’s deputy and Steve’s Chief Speechwriter, Darcy Lewis, came in to take her seat. “I took that in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Steve Rogers
Past Steve and Peggy
Superfamily (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Politics
Coming Out
The American Public Can Get Over It
Deaf Clint Barton
Fluff and Humor
Fluff
Friends to Lovers
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Movie Reference
Don't Have to Know Canon

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

