Work Text:
Tony thought Steve saw the world through rose-tinted glasses, so naive and yet so willing to take on anyone who opposes him. See, when Tony was younger he admired that kind of thinking. Putting others before yourself.  Now he realizes it wasn’t Steve putting other before himself, it was Steve putting his beliefs in front of others and the others were just lucky enough that they fit in with his agenda. Steve spoke of Tony having ulterior motives? Please, like he was the only guilty one here. Steve made one mistake though, and it would cost him everything he was fighting for. 
He made Anthony Stark his enemy.

 When Tony was finally released from the hospital, he put everything into making sure his Rhodey would be able to walk again. Nothing else mattered, and it was only after he completed the braces that he finally allowed himself basic human necessities. Well, that’s how Rhodey worded it. Tony preferred to think he was just letting his body rest, and that he wasn’t depriving his body of anything.It was only after he fell asleep and woke up from a nightmare of everything that went shit for him over the past few years, nightmares of accusations being thrown at him and all the fights he got into that ended with a shield being brought down on his head, that he realized one thing. 
The Avengers didn’t deserve him. 
Well, more like the fugitives seeing as that was what they were, but the sentiment still stood. He let those assholes walk over him for years and for what? For Steve to belittle him at every step he made, for Wanda to give him headache inducing nightmares because of her magic? For Natasha to scoff at every word that comes out of his mouth, for Clint throw snarky comments when he expresses his opinion? For Sam to turn the blind eye when all of this was happening, and siding with Steve for no reason? For Scott, a man he didn’t even know, to talk about how he’s ‘not connected to his conscious’ or some bullshit like that?They wanted Tony to be the bad guy ever since the beginning, and you know what? Tony was going to give it to them.  They wanted him to be the person who maliciously killed Wanda’s parents with no remorse and purposely made Ultron to destroy the world? Fine. They wanted him to be the worst of humanity, not worth more than one person ten times over? He’ll play the part. They wanted him to be volatile, textbook definition of narcissism, and not recommended because of it? He could be all that and more. They wanted him to be the bad guy? The villain in their story? They’ll regret that decision soon enough.  
It started out slow, Tony would be the villain of their story but not anybody else’s. That meant Tony had to help Rhodes back up again, which wasn’t a problem because he loved his Honeybear, and he had to provide some upgrades for SI since stock fell from the drama going around Tony, but after that there was nothing to deter Tony from moving forward with his plans. What spurred him on even further was the poor excuse of an apology followed by a flip phone. A damn flip phone. Tony could call whenever he needed them, said the letter, and Tony sneered at it. He didn’t need any of them, nor did he want them. Steve would just have to learn to deal with the fact that Tony wasn’t a damsel in distress, and could do perfectly fine without any of them. Tony put on a good show, continuing to work on the Accords despite his ‘backstabbing teammates abandoning him’ (he was quite amused when he saw that in the newspapers) and the press ate it up. The public was fickle at best most of the time, but here they seems very firm on their decision that Steve was a wolf in sheep’s clothing and that made Tony’s mission all the more easier. There was a few that criticized him, but they were nothing compared to the uproar against Steven Rogers and his ragtag team of the other Avengers. He had the Accords down pack, as the representative of both America and the Avengers he was there for all meetings so nothing was happening that he didn’t know about, and Tony even managed to land Ross in jail. When that happened, he waved his hand mockingly and basked in his success for a moment before getting to work again. Everything was going as planned, the public was on his side and he had everyone wrapped around his finger. Oh, he also decided to release the video of what happened in the bunker to the public.  Tony knew it was there, in the Hydra base, and he knew he also had a copy of it in his armor. That decision he had thought about for awhile before deciding that it would ultimately benefit him. He didn’t want a wrench thrown into his plans if some scum Hydra agent decided to put the video online before he had a chance to address it and, like he predicted, it worked in his favor when he did it. After seeing the clip, and from his point of view in the armor too, the public was practically foaming at their mouth to get their hands on the fugitives. Particularly Steve. Some were still angry at him, as always, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony-centric
Dark Tony Stark
Only To The Ex-Avengers
He Makes Them Pay
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony is done
Tony Stark is not Amused
civil war happened
Team Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Critical of Steve Rogers
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
None
