Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The last thing Peter Parker expected from his night was to run into Deadpool with his dick out. Make that scratchy record noise and freeze the frame. 
"Bet you're all wondering how I got here.." 
If Morgan Freeman survived The Snap and was still alive, could he possibly narrate Peter's joke of a life? It all started when he got bitten by a radio active spider...Okay, too far back. This whole scenario wouldn't have happened if Peter wasn't a little greedy for a little extra cash or really anything that took up a second of his free time. Running pies was an easy hire that fit well in between working at Dr. Octavius' lab and being Spider-Man.He started his first shift at Pizza Amigo's the same day he was interviewed. Peter was good at his job. He delivered twice as fast as the other drivers, never a topping or slice out of place. He even made his own invention of a gyro-ing, ball bearing swingajig that held the pizzas at a perfectly flat angle no matter which way or how fast he web slinged through the city.(He had learned the hard way after his first delivery when the entire layer of cheese and sauce stuck to the top of the box and the whole crust got scrunched like an accordion.)His quick delivery skills were especially appreciated by one of Pizza Amigo's regular customers, a guy who went by the unforgettable name of Weasel. (But who was Peter to judge with a hero name like Spider-Man) After meeting the man for the first time, Peter knew instantly that he really was the human embodiment of an actual ground dwelling rodent. Every other Thursday night Weasel would call in and order two large pizzas. Extra cheese, extra pepperoni, greasey as possible, because he's sick and tired of this desolate world and wants die via stuffed crust and mozzarella clogged arteries. And why don't you add two orders of garlic sticks. Extra ranch dip, please.After the first month of Peter working at Pizza Amigo's, Weasel was asking for his personal delivery services whenever possible. Peter didn't mind because the guy was generous in doling out fat tips. Always reaching into a stained sweatshirt pocket and pulling out a wad of bills rolled up in an elastic hair tie. Whatever the guy did, it paid well. Peter vaguely wondered if he worked at or owned the questionable bar below his apartment. Sister Margaret's School for Wayward Children had always given Peter super suspicious vibes. He'd never been inside but he had a suspecting hunch that the bar was more than what it seemed. Maybe a money laundering front or an Alpha fight club. Certainly stank like the later one. Peter never choose to look into it as he didn't actually have any real evidence that warranted him to do so. One night after the usual passing of money for pizza, Weasel didn't turn away to go back inside. He just sort of stopped and stared at Peter with pizza in hand, mouth hanging open and eyes hooded and blood shot like he was cross faded and totally toasted. It made Peter shift awkwardly under his zombie like gaze. Borderline uncomfortable and his social anxieties rising. Did he miss a que? Peter knew his social skills kind of lacked, especially in recent years when he had spent so much time alone. He kind of just forgot how to interact properly with people half the time outside of his costume.However, he always tried his best to polite like Aunt May had taught him."Uh, hey, wait a minute." Weasel finally broke the silence just as Peter gave up and started to turn away with a, "have a good night" on his tongue."I wanna ask you something." "Huh?" Peter blinked back at him."I need something delivered. To a friend. And you're the fastest delivery boy in the West. I'll even pay you a pretty penny for the favor.""Um, I don't know. I'm kind of on the clock right now...""A whole hundo."Peters jaw dropped and he broke out into an instant sweat."S-sorry?""I'll give you a hundred bucks. Worth your while? It would really help me out, kid. "Peter took the job just like that. It wasn't a regular occurrence that Weasel had something for him to take but it did happen sometimes. He tried not to question it. He didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth because the money was too good and he had a hard time justifing how any harm could come from delivering an innocent looking white envelopes with an address' scribbled on them. But back to Deadpool with his dick out.Peter was sliding around the corner at an all out run, into some side ally between a two story pawn and business shop with bars on the windows and a community of low income apartments. He just needed a moment of space and the right opportunity to slip of sight from the raging dick nose, knot head that was chasing him. Then he could just web sling his way to the roof, no conflict necessary.All Peter was trying to do was one of the little side hussle after his regular pizza delivery route and this greedy cocknose, bug-eyed guy (who by the way, reeked like a hot french dip sandwich with extra onion
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Imprinting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Slow Burn
Homeless Peter Parker
Protective Wade Wilson
Size Difference
Biting
Daddy Kink
How Do I Tag
Poor Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Possessive Wade Wilson
Sugar Daddy Wade Wilson
Breathplay
Age Difference
Angst and Humor
Scent Kink
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

