Chapter 1: Making a Husband
    




Chapter Text
"I'm not getting married again," Tony declared. "I don't want more pups anyway, so fuck that."

"First of all, you're healthy enough for pups," his father countered. "Secondly, you need to play the family game for the investors."

The second argument was more convincing.

"Ugh, fine. Let me just..."

"Nope. The last time I let you marry for love, look what happened."

"Your granddaughter happened."

"And a very ugly divorce, not to mention a heartbroken son," Howard stated.

The omega groaned.

"Look, I have 3 kids, of which only one is mine. I'm past my prime. Who would take me like this?"

"You're rich," the alpha pressed. "I'm sure we can find someone no matter how difficult you make the prenup." The old man sighed. "And I know you'll make it very difficult."

"You bet I will. First things first: I'm not giving up the kids. I won't go off suppressants. And I would rather not have sex with the new guy."

Howard groaned in frustration.

"Don't make things easy for your old man," he said sarcastically, "don't you ever make things easy for me."

"Love you too, dad."
It barely took a week before Howard sent him a name.

"Stephen Strange. Google him and tell me what you think," said the text.

The alpha was quite good-looking so if he demanded sex, it wouldn't be a hardship. He seemed tall, which was always a plus for an alpha. His dark ears were a bit bigger than average and his tail was fluffy. The Stranges were wolves, not dogs like most people. Tony was proud of his dog tail. It didn't get in the way. That black thing Strange was carrying around looked like a fire hazard. And, wait a minute, his eyes were blue in the other picture and now they were green? Stupid light. No matter. Well, his father had found him quite the presentable alpha, that was for sure.

What about his job... The omega whistled. Neurosurgeon... ex neurosurgeon. Tony winced when he read about the car crash. End of career. And now his father was selling this alpha like cattle, the way people usually did with omegas. First born, too. Well, the higher you get, the harder the fall. The omega almost felt bad for him.

"Let's meet them."
The first talk was between the alpha fathers. Tony waited alone in another room, fiddling with his latest invention on his tablet. Howard wouldn't cut him a bad deal. After Stane's betrayal, the old alpha had been hit with the revelation that family should always come first. Since then, Tony found his old man almost too nice, giving in in unexpected situations and showing leniency all the time. It probably helped that Tony was an only child and his mother had been the love of his life.

Howard came out to talk to his son.

"They agreed to pretty much everything. You'll each keep your family name and should you divorce, your money. Eugene just wants him married, and..." Howard frowned, pausing. "He said that unless you give a pup, you're on your money. Stephen's expenses will be paid for, but that's it."

"Ok, that's fine." Still, Tony could tell that there was something Howard wasn't saying, but his father wouldn't make him sign a bad deal, would he? No. "Anything else?"

"If your father in law or your future alpha hurt or threaten you, tell me and I'll skin them alive."

Tony nodded, nervous. Howard wasn't usually that protective, but after Steve he would probably get rid of alphas Ramsey Bolton style.
Tony got to meet his future father in law first. The man was brief. He went over the prenup once more, then declared himself satisfied. Afterwards, Tony finally got to see his future husband in the flesh.
He'd lost weight compared to the pictures, but hey, he'd been in a car crash. Still, he would need more food, his cheekbones were way too sharp. One of his furry ears was scarred almost all the way through, but it had been sewn back. Otherwise, he was formal and proper, perhaps a bit fearful.

Stephen had just been in a meeting with Howard, so his traumatized demeanour wasn't shocking. Still, his body language showed a lot more submissiveness than was ever expected on an alpha.

"Nice to meet you," he said quietly. Neither went for a handshake. Tony immediately noticed that his future mate was hiding his hands under the table.

"Nice to meet you too, Stephen. Can I start?"

"Yeah."

"I have 3 kids, as you probably know. The boys can be little shits, but I love them to death, so if you ever try to make me get rid of them, you'll be the one packing. I just want you to know that from the beginning." The alpha nodded. "Your turn."

"Don't ask about my past." He sighed. "You've probably googled everything already, so please just... don't. I don't want to talk about it," he admitted weakly.

Broken. Howard had found him a broken alpha, someone who had lost everything and would accept breadcrumbs, perhaps even be grateful for them. Tony didn't know how to feel about that.

"Okay. Then don't ask about my ex husband."

"Deal."

"I will not have sex with you right now. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Arranged Marriage
Family Feels
Howard is a good parent
Ex Stony
But only briefly mentioned
Alpha Stephen Strange
Omega Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

