Chapter 1: Peter gets caught
    




Chapter Text
When Peter had joined the Avengers, he’d never thought that things were going to turn out this way. One thing was to keep his secret identity as Spiderman to his friends, even though Ned and Aunt May already knew he tried his best to keep his identity hidden from the rest of the world. But there was something that their friends didn’t know about, something so dark and twisted that no one outside the Avengers could ever find out...It all started the first week when Peter finally became an official member of the Avengers. The guys gave him a very warm welcome to the team and in a matter of seconds he considered them his second family. Tony acted like the father Peter missed since he was a kid; he always kept an eye on the young boy and helped him whenever it was needed.For some reason, Peter felt like he could tell his mentor anything and he did, but one day Peter finally admitted something that he’d never confessed to anyone in his whole life. It was around 3 o’clock when Peter stopped by the Avengers tower to drop all his stuff. Aunt May was hesitant about letting him live with a bunch of superheroes but after a lot of pleads and a long talk with Captain America and Iron Man, she finally accepted.“Mr Stark…I-I have something to tell you,” Peter said. He took off his mask, his innocent eyes staring at the older guy who had a drink in one of his hands. They were alone in one of Tony’s garages; the other guys seemed to be out in some kind of mission, a lot of incomplete iron suits and metal pieces scattered around the floor and the walls.“What is it? Don’t tell me you already wanna drop out, we just got your room ready and I’m pretty sure I asked you a lot of times if you were sure about this, not to mention how hard it was to convince your aunt,” Tony said.“No no, I’m not dropping out, I really like it here, the tower is amazing and you guys are the best!” A smile appeared on his face that slowly faded away with each word. “But there’s something you and the rest should know about me if you’re going to accept me here.”Tony turned off his computer and turned around to face the younger boy. Peter swallowed hard. “Okay kiddo, you’re making me a little nervous and I have a lot of stuff to do so just spit it out.”Peter closed his eyes, took a deep breath and blurted out the words he had practiced hours before. “I’m gay Mr. Stark.”  He looked down at his feet to avoid looking up at the reaction one of his biggest heroes would have. After a few seconds of silence Peter looked up only to see a grinning Tony.“Is that it?” he laughed. “For a second you really got me thinking it was something serious,” Tony said, returning to his work without paying too much attention to the now blushing boy.“I….I… what do you mean? A-are you ok with it?” Peter asked, surprised and a bit offended that it seemed like Tony didn’t really care at all.“C’mon Pete, do you think I’m a homophobe?” Peter shook his head quickly.“Of course not, sir! I just thought you would at least be shocked or something…” Peter admitted, blushing a bit more.Tony smiled and walked to the boy, one of his hands dropped to grip Peter’s shoulder. “The truth is this is not new to me or the guys.” Peter seemed confused at this statement. “You really thought we wouldn’t make any research on you or your story before considering you to be a part of the team?”“Research? What do you mean by that?”Tony smiled, more like a devilish grin. “I wasn’t supposed to show you yet. But if you really want to know…” Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket, and with a few taps he turned the device to the boy who almost dropped dead when he saw what the man was showing him.It was a video, maybe from a few weeks ago; Peter recognized his own room on screen as he spoke. “Oh shit,” he muttered before the video started.
“Hey guys!” he said happily. He was shirtless, showing of his amazing torso. ”So, I know it’s been a long time since I did a stream but don’t worry I have something to compensate for it!”

Peter looked for something underneath his bed and pulled out two dildos, pointing them directly at the camera. “Here they are! The Captain America and Iron Man dildos!” Peter shook them, one in each hand. “I’m pretty sure they are not as big as the real ones, but a fan cannot resist,” Peter laughed.
“You know,” Tony said, his voice over the video in which Peter was talking about the material of the toys and how many inches they were. “I was shocked at first, I knew you were a teenager and you guys have these crazy hormones and stuff. I thought maybe I would find some weird stuff of you but I have to admit I never thought I would discover another secret identity besides Spiderman,” the older man said, watching the video with a big smile.“Mr. Stark...” Peter’s voice trembled. “I can explain...”“Oh I bet you can, SubmissiveNYTwink, but before that, let me show you my favorite part.” With a swipe of Tony’s fingers, the video skipped directly to a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Everybody
Happy Hogan/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Clint Barton/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Porn With Plot
Group Sex
Orgy
Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Cock Slut
Bottom Peter Parker
Gangbang
Slut Shaming
Sex Toys
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Sex Tapes
Daddy Kink
Size Kink
Size Difference
Snowballing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Everybody
Happy Hogan/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Clint Barton/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

