Chapter 1





Chapter Text
New York Clark’s fingers drummed a nervous beat on the dash board of the Lamborghini as the car idled in the midtown traffic. “Come on,” Lex murmured, scowling at the cars in front of them that weren’t moving an inch. One thing that never changed in New York was the wall to wall traffic in Midtown. The beating of Clark’s fingers drew his attention and he glanced over at his fiancé, raised one pale eyebrow at the dents being left in the dash board. “Could you stop that before you trash the car completely?” “Hm?” Clark glanced up from looking out the window at the pedestrians, looking to Lex who nodded at the dented dash board, “Oh, sorry!” He said sheepishly, and pulled his hands into his lap, “I guess I’m kind of nervous.”“Yeah,” Lex said, pressing his foot down on the accelerator and moving the car forward a few inches, “Me too.” He gazed at his left hand and the shining diamond that adorned it. Clark had probably spent a good years worth of his meagre wages as a reporter on that beautiful engagement ring, which he insisted on buying himself, rather than letting Lex pay for it. At least he was letting Lex pay for the wedding that would be taking place in six months time, which was part of the reason he and Clark were in New York that day. With Lionel thankfully dead, Lex had no family left, (Not that he’d have invited his Father to his wedding anyway) but he did want someone to give him away. Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne were the closest he had ever had to brothers, in fact they had been Father Figures to him over the years since they had met when he was thirteen at the Luthor Christmas Party, when he’d been grieving over his Mother’s recent death and working on giving himself alcohol poisoning. Tony had found him almost unconscious clutching a bottle of scotch in the cloak room and sobbing into someone’s mink coat. Instead of going to get a servant or God forbid Lionel, Tony had gone to get Bruce who had picked the drunken pre-teen up into his arms and carried him to his bedroom. They had stripped Lex out of his tux and put him into his pyjama’s. Tony had gotten some toast and a cup of cocoa from the kitchen for Lex to eat and drink, and a good litre of water which he left on the bedside table in case Lex began to get sick, which he did, about an hour later, spending the next two hours throwing up into the toilet with the two Billionaires rubbing his back and holding his hand as he puked and sobbed. Once his stomach had settled the brushed his teeth and gave him as much water as he could hold before putting him back to bed and staying with him right through to the following morning, spending the night on his bedroom floor. That had been the start of a friendship which had lasted Twenty Years. Although sadly the same could not be said for Tony and Bruce’s relationship, which had fallen apart in a blaze of fiery arguments and drunken fights. It saddened Lex that his two best friends were no longer together, hadn’t been since 95, and for the longest time couldn’t be in the same hemisphere as each other. Then Bruce disappeared for seven years, not showing up again until 2005. Lex had briefly hoped that Tony and Bruce might get back together then, when they’d both helped him take over Luthorcorp and keep the company from going under with Lionel’s first arrest and imprisonment, (Which the bastard had wriggled out of) But Bruce had been too focused on becoming Bat Man and Tony had been completely under Stane’s thumb, which hadn’t changed until the two faced asshole had tried to kill his Godson forcing Tony to kill him and reveal himself as Iron Man. Since then Tony had turned his life around completely, fighting against Vanko and the idiot Hammer, then joining the Avengers stopping Loki’s invasion of Chitauri, and just a few months ago taking down Killian and AIM. Tony did know about Clark and Lex’s superhero identities. He’d made Lex his first custom designed Kevlar Dragonfly suit when Lex had decided to join Clark in fighting evil. Although where Superman was named as a hero, Dragonfly was put down as a vigilante like Bat Man. Although that had changed after Bat Man and Superman had teamed up with Wonder Woman to stop Doomsday. That monster had nearly killed Clark and he’d been severely injured, requiring several weeks to heal, which was why he hadn’t been able to fight Loki and the Chitauri. Maybe one day Iron Man would fight along side Superman and Dragonfly, but that wasn’t the reason Lex and Clark were in New York to see Tony, that was something far more personal and nerve wracking. Even more so than asking Tony to give him away, that was something Lex was sure Tony would do, even though it would mean that he and Bruce would have to see each other again for the first time in nearly ten years as Bruce was to be Lex’s best man. The main reason He and Clark were seeing Tony was to ask him to do something incredible for them. Something that as an Alpha and a Male Beta they could not do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Clark Kent/Lex Luthor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Surrogate
Pregnant Tony Stark
Teams as a family
superhero wedding
Good Person Lex Luthor
Superhero Lex
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Pietro Maximoff Friendly
Not Canon Compliant
Past relationship Tony/Bruce
Getting Back Together
Pregnant Sex
Humour
sentient household appliances
Captain America The Winter Soldier Fix-it
Avengers Age of Ultron Fix-it
no civil war
Any Trolls that comment will either be ignored or made fun of
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Bat Family
Damian is a brat
Homophobic Language
Unwanted Sexual Advances
Deranged Joker
Permanent Injury
Amputation

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Clark Kent/Lex Luthor

