Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This grocery store is always over air-conditioned, like they’re trying to discourage customers from coming in by keeping the general atmosphere at a comfortable temperature of freezing. Eddie draws his jacket in a little tighter and snags a cart from the entryway. Eggs. Meat. Chocolate pudding. Milk. 
Eggs first. He puts twelve cartons in the basket, trying to ignore the curious looks from the woman next to him. “Party,” he says hoarsely to her, and attempts a smile. “Big…party.”
“Ah,” she says, and turns away. 
Eddie flushes red and grabs the cart. Milk next. Six gallons, if last week is anything to go by. He never used to buy milk before. He hates how expensive it is.
Meat. Chicken and beef, mostly. A few steaks. Also something he’s had to compromise on recently. Eddie’s never been much of a steak guy, but he likes them and Eddie’s learned to pick his battles. 
Pudding. He throws in a couple packs, then pushes the cart the rest of the way down the aisle. He slows down as he goes past the coffee. It smells so good. God, he hasn’t had coffee in so long. He misses the taste of it. The rush of caffeine. The feeling of sitting on the front stoop with a warm cup in hand. Slowly, carefully, his hand stretches out for some.
No. 
Eddie yanks his hand back like he’s been burned. “I-I wasn’t,” he stammers. “I know you don’t…I wouldn’t. I’m not.”
There’s a noncommittal hum in the back of his head. Good. 
He pushes past the coffee and turns towards the checkout, but halfway there something shifts in his head and suddenly his body is no longer under his control. “No,” he starts to say, but his jaw locks and the protest dies in his throat. 
His body stops in front of the frozen section, then his hand reaches out and pulls open a door. Explain. 
“Um.” Eddie stumbles, suddenly regaining control over his legs. He squints into the depths of the freezer. “Pizza. It’s pizza.”
Explain more. 
“Pizza,” Eddie says again. “Uh, it’s got crust, and cheese, and pepperoni. It’s um…it’s pretty good.”
Buy it. 
“Sure,” Eddie agrees. 
He makes it to the checkout line under his own power, thank God. As he loads the conveyor belt, he bumps into the girl behind him. “Oh shit, sorry.”
“No worries,” she says, grabbing the last few cartons of eggs and putting them on the belt for him. “Cool necklace, by the way.”
He gingerly touches the black band around his throat. It pulses softly under his fingers. “Uh, thanks.”
“Where’d you get it?”
Eddie swallows. The band seems to tighten around him. “A…friend gave it to me.”
“What’s it made out of?”
Parasite, he wants to say, but he’d rather dance naked on this conveyor belt than ever say that word out loud again. He settles for a shrug. 
The tired worker bags up everything. Eddie loads the things in the cart with a nod of thanks, and starts pushing it all out to the rental car. It annoys him that he has to rent a whole car for shopping once a week, but there’s no way he’d be able to carry all this on his bike.
So,  Venom says, amused, I’m a friend, am I? 
“I think the truth would have freaked her out,” he murmurs. 
He feels Venom writhe just underneath his shirt. Yes, I suppose so.
Eddie finishes loading the car and slams the trunk shut. “Okay. Let’s go.”

Wait.

Against his will, his head turns. There’s a figure leaning against the wall of the store, half in shadow. He’s smoking something. Local drug boy, probably. They’re close to that side of town. 
Venom stirs again underneath him. Eddie shakes his head. “No. Please.”

I am hungry.

Eddie gestures helplessly to the car, at the bags of groceries he just bought. “But we…”

Hungry.

“It’s too exposed,” he argues. “Too many people out here. They’ll see.”
There’s no answer except a vague rumbling of anger and disappointment in the back of his mind. Eddie slowly reaches for the car handle and opens the door. “We’ll go straight home,” he promises. “And you can eat.”

Are you telling me what to do?

“No,” he says quickly. “I’m just…offering suggestions.” Suggestions that don’t include eating innocent drug dealers. 
You disapprove of my habits. Venom seeps out of his arm where’s sitting on the gearshift. The terrifying and familiar face slowly forms, complete with grinning teeth. It disturbs you, doesn’t it?
“It’s not great,” Eddie says, his voice tight. 
Venom chuckles. The sound is like ice down Eddie’s spine. We will not eat him, if it makes you so uncomfortable. The head moves closer, linked to him through undulating tendrils of sticky blackness. 
“Great,” Eddie stares straight ahead, trying not to flinch. “Can…can I go?”

No.

A black tendril sneaks over his lips. It rubs against them gently, then pushes over his chin, down his neck, and into his shirt. Eddie jolts as it finds one of his nipples and
toys with it idly. “Ah,” he says, his voice sounding higher than he wants it to. “Not here. Please, not here.”
Venom chuckles again, but doesn’t let up. The tendril sprouts a friend and heads to the other side of his chest, flickin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Cletus Kasady/Carnage
Carnage Symbiote & Cletus Kasady

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
potential plot
Porn
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Orgasm denial/delay
Bondage
Unhealthy Relationships
Bottom Eddie Brock
Venom eats people
Biting
Punishment
probably best to not call venom a parasite
Not Canon Compliant
but you will probably recognize some dialogue
Forced Masturbation
Forced Orgasm
Edging
Semi-Public Sex
not super public bc it's in a single stall bathroom but it's definitely not at home
Torture
Possessive Venom
Drowning
suffocating
Canon-Typical Violence
Severe Injury
Begging
Dark!Venom
Medical Torture
Eventual Fluff
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Cletus Kasady/Carnage
Carnage Symbiote & Cletus Kasady

