Work Text:
“I am so fucked.”Peter buried his head in his hands and groaned. Gwen patted his arm comfortingly.“You are not. Your dad loves you no matter what. Besides, you saved the city, he can’t really blame you for that.”“Watch him. He’s Iron Man. If he knew that I’d followed in his footsteps—or when he finds out at this point since it’s basically inevitable—he would shoot a repulsor up my—”“Peter Benjamin Stark.” Oh shit.Tony Stark stormed into the living room of Avengers Tower, still in a button down shirt and tie. His sleeves were rolled up and his tie loosened, and he had grease stains on his pants suggesting he’d been in the workshop. He also looked murderous.“I should probably go,” Gwen stood and edged towards the door. “I’ll… see you later, Peter.” With that, she was gone.“Hey, Dad, is that a new tie? Cause it looks awesome on you, really—”“Don’t.” Dad held up a hand and Peter fell quiet. “Are you out of your mind? Seriously, did you fall and hit your head when you were younger, and it affected your brain functions, because that’s the only reason you could possibly have for pulling this idiotic stunt.”Peter cringed. “I just… I was at OsCorp on a science class trip and… I mean the spider must have gotten out of its cage or something…”“What. Spider.”“Umm… the radioactive one that bit me and gave me superpowers?” Peter cringed.Dad collapsed in the armchair and rubbed his forehead. “Superpowers? Really?”“Kind of. A little bit. Yeah. They’re, like, barely noticeable, really, I can just climb better and I'm stronger… and faster… and I can sense danger…”“Can you sense the danger you’re in right now? Because if I don’t kill you for this, chances are your Pops will.”“Shit, you told Pops?” Peter jumped up. “Well, this has been fun, but I’ve gotta fly, really, places to go, supersoldiers to avoid—”“Sit.”Peter sat.Steve Rogers-Stark wasn’t often strict, and he never yelled at Peter, but he did get his “Cap Voice” when he was angry. And he was definitely angry now.“Hey, Pops, how’s Brooklyn? All well and good I trust? You know, you’re my favorite dad really—”“That is so not how you wanna play this,” Dad shot back.“Not that you’re not my favorite, too, Dad—”“Can it, squirt, you’re in too deep here.”Pops sat on the armrest on Dad’s chair and stared at Peter. And stared. And stared some more.“That’s a little creepy, not gonna lie—”“You swung through Manhattan today.”“Technically no one knows that’s me, all they got was the costume—”“You think we don’t know our own son when we see him swinging through Manhattan?”“I would never imply that, Pops, by the way is that a new haircut? It looks great—”“What were you thinking?” Pops looked two quips away from throwing Peter off the launch pad, so he decided to quit now.“I just… you, know, bitten by a spider, and—”“What spider.”“The radioactive one, I just explained that to Dad, anyways, I was bitten, and I thought, hey, why not use those powers like the rest of the Avengers, you know, kind of a family business thing.”“You were never supposed to get involved in the ‘family business’.” Dad rubbed his temples. “You were supposed to stay out of the business, for God’s sakes.”“Yeah, I get that, but then I got bitten and it was kind of like karma, you know? Like destiny. Like some higher power was telling me ‘hey moron get off your ass and go save the world’. And so I built some web shooters, you know, to keep up with the Spider theme, and designed the costume—”“Really, red and blue? Could they clash any more?”“Well, it was, you know… red for Iron Man and… blue for Captain America.” Peter shrugged and looked at his hands. “And then I just… I hacked into the police scanner and… waited. And when I heard about the robbery, I tried to call one of you, but you were both off, and Uncle Clint and Aunt Tash are in Moscow and Uncle Bucky and Uncle Sam are in Siberia, and Uncle Thor’s in New Mexico and Uncle Bruce is at that science convention and Agent’s off God knows where so I just… went.”Pops stayed silent the entire explanation. After a moment he sighed and closed his eyes. “Peter… we get that you were only trying to help—”“But you were almost shot,” Dad finished. “That robber almost killed you and then where would we have been?”“I know, really, but you guys risk your lives every day, too. I mean, both my parents fight crime for a living. Imagine if something went wrong and…” Peter slumped further. “I could lose both of you. I just… I just wanted to help.”“Jesus Christ,” Dad muttered. “Okay… we…”“We need to talk. Your Dad and I,” Pops interrupted. “Alone, okay?”“Yeah, sure.” Peter stood and headed for his room, doing his best not to stumble as he did. That building’s glass had hurt.--------------------“So basically, if we punish him we’re assholes, and if we let it slide we’re unfit parents.” Tony collapsed on the bed in their room and groaned. “We had to have a teenager.”“He had to grow up eventually,” Steve replied. He sat next to Tony and combed his fingers through his hair. Tony si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Alternate Universe
Superhusbands
Rambling runs in the family
Teenage Peter Parker
Stony - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

