Chapter 1: Are You Stalking Me?
    




Chapter Text

 Down BoyChapter One:Are You Stalking Me?---Darcy would not cry.She would not cry.She was not a crier… however, today there was a real possibility for it and that was embarrassing. Sighing as the warm breeze picked up her hair, she pushed off the swing she had been sitting on and walked out of the sand pit. She had been back in New York for two days, two very long and painful days, and she was ready to lose it on Jane. Not that it was in any way the other woman’s fault. It’s just that Darcy was hurting. Her last remaining family member had passed away.Nana Lewis was no more.Darcy knew Jane was just trying to make sure she was okay, but still, she was having a hard enough time trying to keep it together; pretending to be fine on top of that was draining her batteries faster then she could charge them.Stopping at a park bench, she collapsed onto it, her head falling into her hands. She felt utterly defeated. It was lucky for her the park was relatively empty. She cringed as she felt her eyes begin to water. She would not cry…She would not cry.Much.She felt a sob bubbling up her throat and was just about to let it out when something wet and cold touched her hands. Pulling back she came face to snout with a very concerned looking dog. Which was odd, a dog looking concerned, but she knew a God, so anything was possible. Staring at each other, Darcy raised an eyebrow at the quadruped. It jumped up and put its front paws on her knees, getting closer to her before licking her nose.“Hey Buddy,” she said, scratching behind his ear. “Where’d you come from?” It nuzzled its nose into her neck and she mimicked it. Its golden fur was soft and inviting.“Get down! Get. Down. You punk,” ordered a deep masculine voice, she assumed was the owners.“It’s alright, I don’t mind,” she said, not wanting to get the puppy scolded. Pushing back, she was met with the coldest blue eyes she had ever seen. They made her shiver. The man striding toward her was tall, dark and possibly the most handsome man she had ever seen in her life. He also looked like he could kill her before she finished blinking. Darcy gulped.“Down boy,” said the man gruffly, “you shouldn’t be jumping on pretty broads.” He took the dog’s collar gently and tugged it away from her. The man was scruffy and had long brown hair, his clothing was odd, he dressed like he was 90 and was wearing long sleeves in the summer. It put her on edge.“What’s his name?” Darcy asked awkwardly.“Buddy,” he answered while reaching down and patting the dog’s side. Darcy smiled at that. “You must be having a bad day. He’s a Therapy dog. He’s always running off to help those in distress.”“I was pretty low but I’m feeling much better now thanks to him.” Darcy stood to lessen the angle in which she had to look up. Right now the man was towering over her and it was freaking her out. The standing didn’t do much though.“I’m James by the way.” He stuck out a hand for her to shake. “But my friends call me Bucky.”“Really?” Darcy snorted as she grasped his hand and gave it a firm shake.“Yeah.” He gave her a challenging smirk and she couldn’t decide whether it made him look more or less menacing.“Okay then Bucky, I’m Darcy.” Taking her hand back, she bent down and scratched behind Buddy’s ear again. “Well, it was nice to meet you.” She straightened up and made a motion to walk away.“Likewise.” Bucky dipped his head. Buddy let out a single bark, so as not to be forgotten and wagged his tail.“It was nice to meet you too, Buddy.”“Maybe we’ll see you around sometime,” said Bucky, taking a leash out from his pants pocket and attaching it to Buddy’s collar.“Maybe,” Darcy shrugged and turned, walking away. She wasn’t sure she wanted to see him again. He seemed like a serial killer who used his cute dog to lure girls to their unsuspecting demise. Yeah, Bucky was probably a Ted Bundy… best to never see him again.Not that she would.---Darcy stretched out on her blanket and yawned. She was back in Central Park, this time camped out on the grass, reading a book in the sunshine. She was just about to go back to her book when someone dropped down beside her. Looking over, her eyebrows flew up in shock.“You again!” she exclaimed.“Me again,” Bucky affirmed with a small chuckle. The small smile on his face made him look like less of a psycho killer and made Darcy relax a little.“Hi Buddy,” she cooed and reached over to scratch behind dog’s ear.“Whatcha reading Dollface,” Bucky asked, drawing her attention back to him, making himself more comfortable. He stretched out on the blanket and folded his hands behind his head. He was becoming familiar with her very quickly.“Dollface?”He shrugged and she rolled her eyes.“Nothing really,” she continued. “Cheating Death by J.D. Ursini. It’s predictable and full of cliché’s… it’s not very good.”“Cliché’s like what?” he closed his eyes as the sun shone in them.“Like the bad guy not dying because the hero is a moron,” she huffed i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

