Work Text:

"You don't understand. Have you ever had someone take your brain and play? Take you out and stuff something else in? You know what it's like to be unmade?"

 - Clint Barton, The Avengers
There are voices around the asset.  “—won’t take long, will it?  If we have to do it every time—”  It is a male voice, smooth and low.  The asset does not recognize it.  “It’s a singular process, Mr. Secretary.”  A woman’s voice.  The asset doesn’t recognize that one either.  “Shouldn’t be more than a few minutes—”He is shivering.  His body was numb from ice but now that sensation is returning, he is burning with cold.  The asset’s eyes are shut; the world outside the cryo-tank is bright and loud and he is too overcome trying to regain functional temperature to bother with the rest of it.  There is a hand on his face, gloved and without heat, and his eyes open, blinking to clear clouded vision.  The woman—one of the doctors to help him out of the tank, now that he can see her—slaps at his cheek.  It is contact meant to draw focus rather than inflict pain. It succeeds.  “How’s that possible?  I thought his memory was wiped after every mission.” The man’s voice.  The asset moves his eyes toward the source of the words and his body is numb again. The asset is trained to note relevant details, but that is not what he’s doing.  The man is white, broad-shouldered and blue-eyed, with hair that falls somewhere between red and blond.  The asset sees all of this, but he does not perceive it.  There is a distracting sensation when he looks at the man, a memory hovering just out of reach.  The man is smiling.  It is beautiful, and the asset wants to please him, wants to see that smile directed his way. He is not meant to want, but he cannot help himself.  “Unnecessary details are wiped,” the doctor says.  “His designers developed a way to imprint the information he needs to retain.  Otherwise, he’d have to be retrained in combat and espionage every time he wakes.  Soldier.  Attention.” He straightens in the chair as the doctor nods to the beautiful man.  When the man extends his right hand, the asset reaches out to take it even before the doctor can prompt him—“Soldier.  Contact.”—and the touch is so warm against the asset’s freezing skin that he bites his lips to stifle a gasp.  The other hand comes to rest on the back of his head, eyes meeting his own.  It is dizzying.  “Servā,” the doctor mutters in his ear.  He can feel the command scraping into his mind, deeper than the orders in English or Russian.  “Servāverō.”  He will serve this man without hesitation or error.  His eyes do not waver, though in his peripheral vision he can see the doctor tap the man’s shoulder.  “Uh,” the man says, “Right. I am your master.”  “I am your asset.”  His voice is hoarse, throat thick and tight from the cold, but he answers without thought or hesitation.  The asset’s eyes are warm as if from fatigue or an irritant, but there is a surge of adrenaline through him and he has never felt more content.  “Mementō,” the doctor commands and he can hear the memory forming, like etchings on glass.  “Meminerō,” the asset breathes.  His gaze is fixed.  He does not even blink.  “Soldier.  Release.” His hand wants to linger, but if it does he will be disobeying an order in front of his master.  He lets go just as the hand at the back of his head slides away, his eyes still unmoving.  His body is taut, awaiting a command, an opportunity to serve.  “And that’s it?” his master asks.  “That’s it.”  “And it’s permanent?” The doctor pulls a restraint tight around the asset’s arm.  “Allow me to demonstrate.” When the asset comes back to himself after the electricity, slumped against the chair, sweat cooling on his body and tremors rippling through him like an aftershock, his eyes fall on a face he thinks he knows.  A hunger grows inside him and he reaches out with a trembling hand. The man smiles and when he does, the asset’s body stops aching.  Their hands touch, and the man is so solid against his shaking and so warm that the asset gasps.  There is a light in the man’s eyes at the sound and something like a shadow flits across his smile, but it is still beautiful.  The asset will do whatever is asked of him without question and will hope as he does to see that smile again. *His handler is always there when he wakes.  His body is boneless right out of the tank, mind sluggish and disoriented, but when his master’s hand grasps his own, there is etching in his mind and he forces himself to focus.  He does not quite remember the man upon waking, but he knows him nonetheless. When Pierce tells him he is good the asset almost remembers how to smile.  When he punishes him the asset leans into the blows.  Pierce is as much of a constant in the asset’s life as the ice, and he does not know how to function without either. The first time that he does not return to the chair directly after a mission, his master leads him to a hotel.  He is dressed in civilian clothing an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

freeform: 
Age Play
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Brainwashing
Daddy Kink
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Torture
flaying
Knifeplay
Emotional Manipulation
Humiliation
Violence
Blood
Also briefly mentions
Forced Feminization
Facials
Dirty Talk
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Denial
Self-Fisting
Infantilism
Gore
Psychological Horror
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Sexual Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

