Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

 An old Cherokee told his grandson:  


 "My son, there's a battle between two wolves inside us all.  


 One is Evil.  


 It's anger, jealousy, greed, resentment, inferiority, lies, and ego.  


 The other is Good.  


 It's joy, peace, love, hope, humility, kindness, and truth."  


 The boy thought about it and said: 


 "Grandfather, which will win?" 


 The old man replied quietly: 

 "The one you feed ."





Edward Stark.
The father of an honored legacy. He was the beginning; the genius founder of the idyllic society he believed the world would one day fall into subjection to.
 He was the beginning of an idea; an initiative people would grow to resent. He was a visionary, an innovator, and he understood the overlooked nature of humans. He was a man of science and study of both the mind and the world, and the longer he lived to experience, the more confidence he held of his belief: humanity will one day bring upon its own destruction
The balance of the world was unstable. The inherent goodness of people has been tainted by the vileness hidden in the dark corner of the human heart. Good and Evil? They were one and the same, so intermixed in the going-on’s of day-to-day life everyone was none the wiser. The way of the world was changing… and Edward seemed to be the only one who noticed. Humans were evolving in a way science couldn’t have foreseen, and the collapse of humanity would be upon them if procedures did not adjust to balance this sudden change.
And now all that’s left… a world driven to a point beyond hypocrisy.
 It took so little effort to be remembered. An evil man kills a little girl… A good man donates his kidney to a dying boy… who’s name will be remembered?
It’s always the same story. What is the reward for a good deed? Should there be a reward at all? Does that take away the goodness in it, and replace it with selfish motive? Or, are good deeds only done to have satisfaction in knowing you did something right?
Human nature doesn’t agree. It’s greedy, selfish, and traitorous.
To be good means to be brave and to rebel against their own instinct, and even when those select few are able to overcome the enemy inside themselves… the next step is making it through life walking alongside the people who resent them for that very goodness, marked as a self-righteous poser to appease their own insecurity… Society didn’t tend to like things that believe and act different. History will attest to that.
Edward Stark saw it happen; he saw good men torn down simply because they had a passion and a strong inclination to do what they knew was right. His father had been one of them.
None of them ever stood a chance.
It’s like the fate of the universe wanted them dead.
Instead, power is given to those unworthy. The ones skillful enough pass to off their evil intent for good. They present freedom with intent to control, and peace with the threat of harm. Humans weren’t adept to identifying that kind of twisted manipulation, the human heart instinctually drawn to those promises, hoping it would bring about a better world for themselves and their children. So, to this they are drawn, and their trust exploited and their own minds programmed in such a way they are ridded of any sense of self or free-thinking. Taught there are only ever two sides to a coin, rather than encouraged to realize there is no side at all whilst the coin is spinning.
That Quantum State of justice and morality? That had been Stark's vision. 
This was a revelation that spurred the change. He’d tried the world’s way… to be a good man by their terms but he had no power to influence a change in the world around him. So, he made a decision, one for the betterment of mankind. Why play by the rules if it didn’t get him anywhere? So, he made up his own.
He knew what they thought of him. He wasn’t one of the good ones and people were well aware. They knew what to expect of him, they knew when they could trust him and when they could not, because despite the things he did… he was still an honest man and he never acted without reason.
He had seen so many governments lie, steal and fail their people, but yet the people always came crawling back, hanging on to every promise dangled in front of him upon the beginning of yet another deceptive election year. They were trusted and depended on despite their failure, and for some reason… Stark felt that anger boil inside him unlike anything he had ever felt before. These men hold power simply because of their ability to lie and manipulate.
So Edward took that resentment and fed that hungry determination inside him and he used that corrupt regime to his advantage. Soon he had built up a name and a reputation for himself by means of faulty ideals. People knew what he was, but in an odd, twisted way it only served to bring him more respect than shame.
In less than a year his name itself became a household conversational topic, juggling a following far bigger than anyth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Mafia AU
Alternate Universe - Criminals
Tony Stark Will Rule The World
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Irondad
No Superpowers AU
Kid Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Villain Tony Stark
Anti-Hero
Harley Keener Is A Dork
Mental Health Issues
anger issues
Parent Tony Stark
Pepperony - Freeform
Mamabear Pepper
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Torture
PsychopathicTendencies
Family Fluff
Uncle Rhodey
BAMF Peter Parker
Found Family
Tony Stark being an overprotective dad
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Abusive Richard Parker'
Big Brother Harley Keener
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Parent Pepper Potts
Family Feels
Cuddling & Snuggling
Confident Peter Parker
Timid Harley Keener
Protective Harley Keener
Family Drama
Dysfunctional Relationships
Past Child Abuse
Angst
Self-Hatred
Panic Attacks
Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Childbirth
Also some potential skullcrushing
A philosophical study focusing on the dichotomy of good and evil

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

