Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
  

A child born of iron


Marked by the stars fall


An Omega to end to the Winter


The Fairest of Them All

“Tell me a story, Jarvis.”“And what story do you want to hear, Little Prince?”“The one about the witch!”“Tony, you have been hearing that story every night for years now! You have it memorized! Surely a big, seven year old boy wants to hear about dragons and adventures, not witches and spells.”“No no no! Tell me the witch one! And about the prince born when the stars fell!”“Alright then.” A creak as the elderly Beta settled into the chair next his Prince’s bed, and a fond sigh as the child gathered covers up to his chin so only his nose and big brown eyes were peeking out. “Are you ready?”“M’ready.”“A long, long time ago,” Jarvis began. “In a kingdom far far away, a very evil Alpha made a bargain with a very wicked witch. You see, the Alpha  wasn’t content to be the King’s assistant, he wanted to be King himself and asked the witch to use her magic to make it so.”“And she agreed, but only if they bound their souls so he could never turn against her!” Tony blurted excitedly. “So they made a blood pact!”Jarvis frowned. “Who’s telling the story, Tony?”“Sorry.”“Now then, where was I? Oh yes. The witch was wise, and knew that all men who craved power eventually turned against those who gave it, so to secure her own future she bound her soul with the Alpha’s in a blood pact and told the evil man that if any ill befell her, it would befall him as well, that if she died, he would die, that if he turned against her she would reduce his soldiers to dust and strip his power away before leaving him to the peasants he so cruelly treated.”“The Alpha was too greedy and too impatient to argue, so he agreed to the bond and together the Alpha and the witch turned the kingdoms against one another, grew their armies until the might of the Ten Rings was known even over the mountains. They spilled blood on holy lands, cut down anyone who dared to stand in their way and gave no thought to the innocents they slaughtered.”“And Nature herself rebelled.” Tony added. “Even Nature hated their cruelty.” Jarvis nodded, “As the witch’s power grew and the hatred in the Alpha’s heart turned his soul black, even Nature herself rebelled. Summers were shorter and winters were longer. Flowers bloomed less and less and the nights seemed to last longer and longer until finally, the Kingdoms fell into a cold, silent winter and one by one, the people lost hope.”“Get to the part about the good witch!” Tony was nearly bouncing up and down in excitement. “The good witch Margaret! Tell me about her!” “The good witch Margaret.” Jarvis smiled at the Prince’s glee. “Margaret knew the wicked witch had grown too strong to be defeated by just one person, so instead she placed a curse on the bond between the witch and the Alpha. The evil Alpha would only succeed in his war mongering until a royal child was born beneath a star fall, and the witch’s power would falter the day she met the fairest of them all, an Omega so pure of spirit and heart that Nature would rally, the winter would break, evil would lose its hold on the land and good would prevail once more.”“But the witch and the Alpha are linked, so it’s the same person they are searching for.” Tony’s eyes lit up. “The royal child born beneath a star fall and the Omega that is the fairest of them all is the same person!”“That’s right. So the Alpha pays close attention to every royal birth, searching for a child born beneath falling stars and every single day the witch asks her magic mirror—““Mirror mirror on the wall.” Tony whispered. “Who’s the fairest of them all?”“The good witch Margaret told all who would listen that the Omega would come bearing the mark of starlight over their heart, would be so lovely that flowers would be jealous, would sing so sweetly the birds would hush to listen, and would capture the hearts of both hunter and prince alike. So even now, the people wait and wonder and hope for the day to come when a Royal Omega will be born and put an end to the evil that holds them captive.”“A mark like mine!” Tony pulled aside his sleep shirt to display the odd birthmark over his heart. “Mine looks like starlight, doesn’t it?”“It does indeed.” The Beta allowed, grateful for the flickering candlelight that hid the grief in his eyes. “Perhaps you are the mysterious prince, Tony. Wouldn’t that be grand?”“I’m seven years old, Jarvis.” Tony rolled his eyes as only a child could. “Not a baby, I know these stories are only make believe!”“My mistake.” Blandly, the Beta offering the young Prince a sip of water. “And since you are so very grown, I suppose you don’t want to hear the rest of the story?”“I want to hear it!” Tony objected. “I’m not too old to hear it! Tell me how the witch and the Alpha will try to break the curse.”“The only way they can hope to beat the curse is by claiming the heart of the fairest of them all.” Jarvis said with a sad smile
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
Snow White AU
ABO dynamics
Omega Tony
Alpha Steve
alpha bucky
Sunset is a Witch
Magic
Curses
fairy tale AU
Younger Tony
Innocent Tony
Obadiah is the Worst
Secrets
Royalty AU
Running Away
Steve Is Prince Charming
First Meetings
Strangers to Lovers
Love at First Sight
Romance
Making Love
Mating Bond
The Seven Dwarves Aren't Dwarves
Instead they are Rebels
Alpha Natalia
Everyone wants to love Tony
Hunstman Bucky
Soulmates
Rough Sex
Polyamory Negotiations
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Poison Apples
Murder and Mayhem
Bucky Loses His Arm
tony almost dies
Steve is a BAMF
true loves kiss
This is not a family friendly version of Snow White
But They All Live Happily Ever After

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

