Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"You are unhappy," remarks the king.His astute observation startles you and for the first time that day, you lift your eyes to look at him directly. This man, the king, who is now your husband."I do not," he hesitates, as though what he was about to say next is as much of a surprise to him as it will be to you, "wish for you to be unhappy.""My happiness has never accounted for very much, your highness," you answer softly.You can tell he appreciates the sad truth in your words. For as long as you can remember, your happiness has accounted for nothing; the only fertile noblewoman to have been born within the last three centuries, you have been brought up since childhood to serve a single purpose: To conceive, carry, and bear the heir of the king of Asgard.His eyes hold yours, until your gaze drifts back to the small vial that you have been clutching in your hand since the moment you entered the king's bedchambers.There is a soft touch at your chin. With great reluctance, you allow him to tip your face up towards his and force yourself to look in his eyes once more."Make no mistake, my dear," his smile is warm, but his voice is bitter, "I am no decent man. I am given to the same urges, the same needs, as any other. But," he swallows and releases you before glancing away, "tempting as you are, know this: I would never take a woman by force."Your mouth opens and closes several times until finally you are able to find your voice. Lack of sleep and nerves have dulled your brain; he is not speaking sense. This does not make sense."But...my lord, I do not understand," you protest weakly, "Consent or none, the Odinson line - it - it would -""Die with me?" the king finishes for you. He smirks. "What a loss, indeed. Wine?"You blink stupidly at the cup being offered to you, uncertain of the appropriate reaction.You want to run.You want to scream.You want to leap off of the bed in jubilation.You want to dissolve into hysterical laughter.You do none of these things; you burst into tears.Several minutes pass as you weep, face buried in your hands, and the king waits patiently until you manage to recompose yourself."But what would become of me?" you ask softly, wiping your tears with the back of your hand.The king was still waiting for you to take the cup."Fertility potions fail all the time, pet," he says matter-of-factly.Realizing that alcohol is perhaps not the best option for you at present, he waves a hand over the wrought metal tumbler and transforms it into a silk handkerchief, which he hands over to you before continuing, "And although the palace physicians have gone out of their way to confirm my virility," a trace of genuine amusement touches his lips, "they have no means of truly predicting the compatibility of my seed and your womb." He shrugs a shoulder. "We need only keep up appearances for the immediate future, and then the council, in all their infinite wisdom, shall have to call Thor back from Vanaheim and re-assume his responsibilities - both in and out of the bedroom."Were the king's eyes twinkling?"No dishonor will befall you, I promise you," he assures you. "Now, my dear," the king draws himself up and places his half-consumed cup of wine aside, "you are exhausted, as am I. Let us try to sleep."Two things happen then, both of your own volition:You reach out, fingers snagging the king's and holding fast, as the words, "Wait, my lord," fall from your lips.The king studies your intertwined hands briefly, his thumb drifting across your knuckles. The sensation is soft and strangely intimate, and imbues you with courage."Take me," you whisper. "Please."The resigned humor that has been lurking in the tilt of his smile fades, and his gaze sharpens."You came to my bed unwillingly, little queen," he accuses. The grip he has on your hand tightens as he takes a seat on the edge of the bed and draws you towards him on your knees. "Why this sudden reluctance to leave it now?""No one has ever given me the choice," you explained simply.The innocence of your response takes him aback, but he masks his confusion with a twisted smile."And for this reason alone you would allow me to sire a child within you?" he counters, sounding dubious.Your free hand unconsciously grips the bedclothes, but your voice remains steady. "Yes, my lord."Smoldering heat has entered into his eyes, but his skepticism remains obvious. Determined to convince him of your sincerity, you withdraw your hand from his and snatch the vial up from where it sits forgotten on the bedclothes. Haste makes your fingers clumsy but you manage to uncork it and knock back the contents in a single swallow. The concoction is cloyingly sweet and you cannot quite hide your shudder.His gaze not leaving yours, his grip on your fingers grows painful."You know what I am?" His voice was husky."Yes, my lord," you nodded, unafraid. The healers had informed you of the king's herit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/OFC
Loki and Reader
Loki and OFC
Loki/you
Loki & Reader
Loki & You
Loki & OFC

freeform: 
Pregnancy Kink
Pregnancy
Loss of Virginity
Virginity
Forced Marriage
Forced Pregnancy
Reader-Insert
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex
Penis In Vagina Sex
Sexual Content
Graphic Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Adult Content
Wedding Night
Virginity Kink
Smut
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
POV Female Character
Childbirth
orgasmic birth
fertility
Heirs
Large Cock
Alternate Universe
Imma Stop Right Here and Smoke a Cigarette
Ejaculate
Mildly Dubious Consent
But Eventually Reader Wants All of the Above
Impregnation
Why Did I Write This?
I'm Taking This Kink As Far As I can
Porn
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Humor
Belly Kink
I Will Go Down With This Kink
Breeding
Breeding Kink
Cock Warming
Pregnant Sex
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jotun Loki
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Alternate Universe - Norse Religion & Lore
Jötnar | Jotuns | Frost Giants (Norse Religion & Lore)
Original Fiction
POV Original Character
Asgard
Bifrost
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Orgasm Denial
Simultaneous Orgasm
Female Ejaculation
Romance
Arranged Marriage
birth kink
Cervical Penetration
Infertility
Come as Lube
Loud Sex
Twins
twin pregnancy
Thor - Freeform
Loki - Freeform
Extinction
Ragnarok
Hela - Freeform
Sorry Not Sorry
No (Your name)
Loki Norse Religion and Lore
Alternate Norse Religion & Lore
King Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/OFC
Loki and Reader
Loki and OFC
Loki/you
Loki & Reader
Loki & You
Loki & OFC

