Work Text:
 I           Contrary to popular belief, Captain America was always a little shit. A proud, brave, selfless little shit, but a little shit all the same. When Steve was small, Bucky had some control over his life. He made sure the kid ate, washed behind his ears, and took all his meds. He helped Steve through the winters, huddled over him to conserve heat and kissed the back of his neck when he was fast asleep.            Bucky came to the conclusion then that he could be perfectly happy as he was. As long as Steve stayed healthy and Bucky stayed beside him, he could live the rest of his poor life in Brooklyn with his best friend. It was saying something, considering how bad off they were. Bucky’s mechanic job was their only source of income and Steve spent most of his days trying not to hack up a lung. When they weren’t behind on the rent, they were scraping money together to pay for Steve’s medication. And when they weren’t doing that, they were taking charity from their elderly neighbors, swallowing down homemade lasagna with the rest of their pride.            But Bucky was happy. Content. He had Steve. And as long as Steve was happy, Bucky was happy.            Of course, it wasn’t meant to be. Bucky got drafted, went off to war, and Steve followed him, all strong and tall and not at all like Bucky remembered. Gradually, Bucky found his Steve beneath all the muscle his friend had become and coaxed him out into the open, smiling more and more as the skinny kid from Brooklyn got accustomed to his new body.            He wasn’t sure exactly how long Steve had been planning to keep it from him, but the more Bucky thought about it, the more he realized Steve probably wouldn’t have told him at all if Peggy hadn’t mentioned in passing one day.            “Yes.” She nodded, smiling brightly, red lipstick spreading over her curved lips. “He was a crazy little one. Took guts to do something like that.”            Bucky forced a smile, teeth grinding down so hard into his jaw he heard the bone creak. “Tell me again how it happened? How Steve jumped on top of a fucking grenade?”            “It was just a dummy grenade.” Peggy nodded sincerely and Bucky snorted – as if that made it any better. “It was a test by Colonel Phillips. He said wars weren’t won with kindness. They were won with guts.”            “Guts, huh?” Bucky muttered, stalking away in the direction of Captain America’s tent. “I’ll show him some guts alright. I’ll show him his own. On a stick. Being roasted over a fire.”*            “Just what the hell were you thinking?”            “I was thinking that I should do something to save everyone in the camp!”            “That’s stupid, Steve. I don’t give a flying fuck about everyone else. I care about you!”            They’d been going on like this for hours.            “So you would’ve been okay with all of them dying?”            “Yes! As long as you were safe! And anyway, that’s not the issue here! The issue is that your dumb ass doesn’t belong in a war! You do stupid things for stupid reasons and I don’t want you here!”            “Well, too bad, Bucky! I’m here and I saved your ass by doing some stupid things so I suggest you try and live with it!”            Peggy was feeling pretty damn guilty when she walked by Steve’s tent and heard all the raucous. She then went quickly to Colonel Phillips’ tent and tried to convince him to leave the country for a few days until Barnes settled down.            “No!”            “You can’t just tell me no!”               “I can and I just did!”            “Bucky!”            “It’s too dangerous for you, Steve! I don’t want you here!”            “You don’t get to make that call!”            “Do you think they’re going to be okay?” Dum Dum asked, pitching his voice to be heard over the boys’ yelling.            “Lord.” Morita shrugged. “I don’t know.”            “They’ll be fine.” Gabe looked pretty confident, but his voice didn’t match his words. “Bucky is a tough sonofabitch. It’s obvious he cares for the Captain.”            “I’m getting the feeling Captain wasn’t always so big and strong.” Montgomery rested his chin in his hands, eyes narrowed in the direction of the tent. “You don’t get this worried about someone without due cause.”            “Well, that’s a story for when they’re feeling fine and dandy again.” Dum Dum slid Monte a glance. “Don’t go bringing it up right now unless you want a sniper bullet in your skull.”            The Howling Commandos shared an uneasy laugh. The group dynamics worked as they were. Cap lead the team and made sure each member of the group did their role while Bucky – who, although his rank didn’t qualify him to be second-in-command, was the second-in-command because everyone just kind of let him assume that position out of acknowledgement for his fierce protective feelings for Steve – kept Steve in line and rejected some of his crazier ideas. It worked. Their teams was successful. The destroyed HYDRA base after HYDRA
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5+1 Things
captain america being a shithead
bucky hating and loving that little shithead part of steve
First Kiss
Some pining
yeah that's pretty much it
lol
i have nothing to say about this
protective bucky is protective
Stucky - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

