Chapter 1: Nightmare Before Christmas
    




Chapter Text

Things were different after Homecoming. His dad was much more focused on him being Spider-Man. He was always checking in on him during patrols and making sure he wasn’t taking on anything dangerous. His dad also had him training more and more. Peter’s fighting skills were basic at best and relied heavily on his webbing skills. His dad felt having hand-to-hand combat skills was necessary. And between him and Rhodey, Peter could be trained pretty well (though both were timid and tried not to actually hit him, which Peter didn’t find helpful).


Peter blew out a breath as he stood in the private gym in the Tower. His dad had it installed after the Homecoming debacle, for training purposes. Peter figured that was what the Compound was for, but it seemed his dad was still avoiding going there, with how empty it was. It seemed only Vision lived there and he got the impression that Vision wasn’t actually there too often. 


“Run it again.” Peter groaned and banged the boxing gloves on his hands together. Rhodey was standing next to a bag, his arms crossed over his chest. Tony was sitting on a bench nearby watching them. “Peter, come on.” Peter groaned, an annoyed look on his face, but did as he was told. He went through the combo, jabs, crosses, and kicks, before staring at his uncle, still looking annoyed. Rhodey glanced back at Tony. 


“You can do better than that kiddo.” Peter growled under his breath, getting more annoyed. They had been at this for what felt like hours. He was tired, sweaty, and hungry. He just wanted to be done. It was his Christmas break after all. He went through the combo again, but this time when he sent the kick into the bag, the chains holding it up broke and it went flying backwards. 


“Maybe not like that,” Tony said, getting up. Peter huffed and pulled the gloves off his hands, angrily. “Alright, easy bambino. I know you’re tired.” Peter sighed and hung his head a little ashamed that he let his anger get the best of him. Tony, not caring that he was sweaty, pulled him into a hug. 


“Sorry,” Peter grumbled. Tony just pressed a kiss to the top of his head.


“You just need some food and sleep,” Tony said. Peter attempted a smile. Sleep was the reason he was in such a rotten mood.


He hadn’t told anyone, but he had been having trouble sleeping over the last month or so. Every time he would try and sleep, he would wake up in a panic, struggling to breathe. But he didn’t say anything. Because he was Spider-Man and Spider-Man shouldn’t have nightmares. And yet, every night, they seemed to happen. Some nights weren’t as bad. But the previous night, he had barely slept, waking from a nightmare and then too afraid to go back to sleep. 


“Yeah,” Peter said, even though he was honestly terrified of going to sleep. Rhodey walked over and clapped him on the shoulder. 


“Your form is getting better,” Rhodey said and Peter smiled slightly. He and his dad headed towards the elevator and took it up to the Penthouse. When they reached the kitchen, Pepper was already there, working on dinner. 


“Hi boys,” Pepper said, looking up from the pot she was stirring at the stove. “I’m making chili.”


“It smells really good mom,” Peter said, sitting down at the kitchen island. Pepper smiled at him. It had been more than two months since the proposal and Peter could tell Pepper was still thrilled that he was calling her mom. Tony walked over and kissed her cheek before grabbing a gatorade from the refrigerator.


“Drink up spiderling,” Tony said, tossing the drink to Peter. “That enhanced metabolism isn’t going to replenish itself.” Peter nodded and opened the drink. 


“What time is May coming over tomorrow?” Peter asked before taking a sip. The next day was Christmas Day. Pepper had wanted May to be invited, as spending Christmas alone was not something she wished on anyone.


“Eleven,” Tony said. “Gives you time to sleep in before we have a nice brunch and exchange presents.”


“Cool,” Peter said before finishing the Gatorade. Though if he had to admit it, nothing sounded cool about sleep at that moment.


“Yep,” Tony said. “But until then, how about we have some dinner and watch a movie together? You know, as a family.” Peter beamed and nodded. 


“Just as long as it’s not A Wonderful Life.”


“That is an excellent movie!”


“Dad it’s depressing as hell.” Tony just shook his head and glanced at Pepper, who shrugged. 


“Fine, you pick.” Peter smiled and went over to the couch. “FRIDAY, let Rhodey know we’re having dinner and watching a movie, if he wants to join.”


“Will do boss.” He smiled and moved so he was standing next to Pepper. He put his hand on her waist and she smiled at him.


“What’s got you in a good mood?” She asked. Tony just smiled and lifted the hand wearing her engagement ring. He kissed her hand, but said nothing. Last Christmas had been depressing. It had been just him and Peter, but Peter had spent most of his time with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Parent Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Hurt/Comfort
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame Fix-It
Eventual Fix-It

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

