Chapter 1: Cause We're Family
    


Summary:

“You guys are so mean to me. Why am I even friends with you two?”“Cause we’re family. And we don’t get to choose our family.”“So you’re stuck with us.”



Notes:
Check out ending notes. It's very important.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Good morning sir,” Friday announced through the speakers in Tony’s room.“Morning Friday,” Tony replied, eyes still closed and unconsciously reached out to the other side of his bed. Of course there was no one there...just another morning of waking up alone.He somehow always forgot that Steve Rogers wasn’t his husband anymore and it had been a year since the divorce was finalized. Three years since he last had sex. Three years since someone else pleasured him, he thought, finally opening his eyes and reaching into his bedside table drawer for his sex toy. He pulled down his pajama pants and was a second away from using the toy when Friday spoke again.“Sir, Peter and Morgan are approaching your room.”Tony sighed, placing the toy back in the drawer where it belonged. He then sat up and awaited his kids’ arrival.Peter came in first, still in his pajamas, tray of food in hand and his sister close behind. They were almost identical. Peter’s hair was just a bit lighter and Morgan had Steve’s eyes but everything else from the way they smiled to the bridge of their nose was all the same. Harley, on the other hand, his first born son, was all Steve with his hair so light he almost looked blonde.They did this most mornings. Tony wasn’t the best cook. He wasn’t any type of cook really. Even when Steve was still living with them, Tony left all the cooking to Steve. He was happy though, that his kids inherited that trait and could fend for themselves.Peter sat on his bed first as Tony got into a sitting position. Peter placed the tray of food on the bed side table and hugged his mother before he ruffled his light brown hair. “G'morning, mom.”Tony embraced him back and placed a small kiss to his forehead. He would never admit it put he had favourites when it came to his kids.They pulled apart and Morgan was there to hug him next. “Morning mom,” she began. He was just missing one kid - Harley, who was following in his footsteps, off at MIT and studying engineering.“So we got scrambled eggs, bacon and waffles,” Morgan continued. “Peter and I are about to head off to school. Are you going in to work, today?”Tony thought for a second, “Yeah. I promised your Aunt Pepper I’d be there to present a new project with her.” Pepper Potts, was co-CEO of Stark Industries. She had been one of Tony’s two best friends since before his MIT days. He had asked her to help him run his company about 5 years ago when he was going through another hard time in his relationship with Steve. She agreed, of course and made S.I. ten times more efficient that it had ever been before. Tony thought Howard would be happy to know his company wasn’t crashing and burning to the ground, if he were alive today.“That’s awesome,” Peter added, getting up to leave. “And don’t forget we’re staying at Dad’s this weekend.” That’s right. It was Steve’s weekend with the kids.Since the divorce, every other weekend of the month was the kids’ time with Steve but he was also able to see them any other time that was convenient to everyone. Tony wanted the divorce to be as mess-free as possible and so he never went to court for any custody hearings regarding the kids and Steve didn’t fight it either.“We love you mom,” Morgan chimed in, rising off Tony’s bed as well.He put on a small smile. “Love you both,” he kissed his fingertips and extended his hand towards Peter and Morgan.-At school, Morgan met up with her friends, Torunn and Amelia. Torunn was the crown princess and heir of Asgard. She was as beautiful as her mother and as blonde as her father. Thor, against Sif’s wishes, allowed her to attend school in New York so she could experience all the things and long-lasting friendships he forged. He believed it was essential for the future Queen’s betterment. Tony welcomed her with open arms as she stayed at the Stark Mansion with the Stark-Rogers family.Amelia was Pepper’s daughter. Morgan was as close to her as Pepper was and still is to Tony, best friends since birth. She and her brother Calvin were family, like the cousins the Stark-Roger kids never had. Amelia was almost the spitting image of her mother with even brighter red hair and her mother’s calm and collected personality.The three girls chattered by the lockers in the hall as Nathan, Bruce Banner’s son and Morgan’s boyfriend for the past 6 months, approached them. “Hey” Nathan greeted them, adjusting his glasses before wrapping his arms around Morgan and planting a brief kiss on her cheek.Amelia cooed at the couple, “You guys are so cute. Makes me miss Jacob,” she stated, before Torunn smiled at her and rubbed her arm soothingly. The long distance of the relationship was always
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Sif/Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Marriage
Divorce
Co-Parenting
Cheating
Heartbreak
Mpreg
Unplanned Pregnancy
Miscarriage
Abortion
Sexual Abuse
Character Death
One-Sided Attraction
Family Drama
Fluff and Smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Avengers
Stark-Rogers Family
Superfamily (Marvel)
Vaginal Sex
Murder
Family Secrets
Lies
Jealous Steve
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Sif/Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

