Work Text:



2014Tony flipped his helmet back. "Yeah, it's a time portal for sure." The giant glowing circle was made of nothing out of Earth's periodic table, so it was of alien origin as well, quelle surprise. "Banner, you got a theory as to how it works?" he asked. "Because with that power signature, I'm guessing that it's making tiny rips in space-time, like pulling threads from a sweater—""You're nuts, you know that?" Banner said, almost admiringly."—and all versions of reality converge at the hole. In the sweater. It's a metaphor, work with me here." Tony looked around at the other Avengers. "Seriously, any of you got a better theory?"Thor was slowly walking around the portal, staring at the flickering gray matrix that had formed across it. "There are portals such as these in our legends," he said, frowning. "One was said to have been a knothole of the great tree Yggdrasil, and to have given immense power to—""Right, okay. Knothole is a good theory too—Banner?" Tony demanded.It was Natasha who answered. "Are you sure it's not a bomb?" she asked, peering over Banner's shoulder. "Because I don't like the way that energy's building. That buildup says weapon to me—""It's not a weapon," Tony interrupted.Banner looked up from his tablet. "You don't know that," just as Natasha said, "What's it going to do with all that power if it's not a—""It's not a weapon!" Tony repeated, and yanked the tablet from Banner's hands. He gestured frantically at the readouts, then flipped them outward. "Look. Look. You can see it: the equations are all fourth dimensional. Time portal, I'm telling you. I just want to know how it works—""Who the hell cares how it works?" and everyone fell silent, because that was Steve Rogers, using a terrible, thick voice that was nothing like him. Tony tried to formulate a crack about science in Steve's time which involved patent medicines and there only being six planets, but he stopped when he saw the alarm on Natasha's face; she'd figured out what was going to happen."Don't," she said, voice breaking; she was in motion, arm stretching out, reaching for him. "Steve!" but it was over before Tony understood what was happening. Cap was moving too, moving fast, and then abruptly he turned, looking desperately at her, blond hair flying. He called out, "I'm sorry! Natasha, I'm sorry!" and then he jumped, flying headlong into the portal.




There was a crackle of electricity—Natasha's hands closing on empty air—as he disappeared, and Clint's arms swiftly closed around her to drag her back and stop her from falling in after him.The matrix of the portal flared again, and then the outer circle began to strobe furiously, bright white and blinding like an LED. Everyone cringed back and shielded their eyes, and Tony slammed his helmet down. "Jarvis!" he shouted, as a blast of energy knocked him off his feet; okay, Natasha might have had a point about the energy buildup. There was no answer."Jarvis!" he called again, and peered at his displays: he was getting local readings, but none of the analysis; nothing from— "Oh this is so not good," Tony said, and forced himself to stagger up, to his feet, to the window. They'd found the portal in an abandoned airport terminal outside of Cincinnati, flanked by now-dusty fake palm trees and rows of chairs with orange fabric seats. It had apparently been mistaken for a typical piece of ugly airport architecture until it had started to glow and hum. Now Tony looked out and saw that the sky had changed—that everything had changed. The windows had given out onto a blue midwestern sky and cracked tarmac, a scraggle of green mountains at the horizon. Now the sky had an ominously orange tint, and the field was full of sleek gray airships cheerfully branded Hanseflug—Fly Better! and Focke-Wulf—There's No Stopping Us. This was probably truth in advertising: all the planes had swastikas on them."Holy Christ," Barton breathed, coming up next to him. "What the...""Cap's fucked it up," Tony said; he sounded calmer than he felt. "Cap's fucked it all up.""I don't understand," Natasha said slowly. "If Steve's changed the future—""If?" Tony boggled at the Nazi hell outside the window. "—then why are we still here?" Natasha finished implacably. "How do we still remember?"It was Banner who answered. "Force field," he said pointing. "Look. There's the line of demarcation," and Tony saw the curve of what he'd taken to be a blast radius. On their side was the scrabbly grass and the faded grey tarmac; on the other side, smooth black tar under the airships. "It makes sense," Banner said. "The portal needs to protect its own existence." He turned, craned his neck, looked around. "They probably built this whole structure around it."Thor was staring out the window, horrified. "My lady Jane!" he cried, and Tony's stomach twisted as he thought about Pepper."Wait a second," Barton said, "does this mean everything outside this room has changed?""Outside that circle, yeah," Banner replied grimly.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
Wartime Romance
London
Episode: s01e28 The City on the Edge of Forever
World War II
Soldier Boys
First Time
It's A Long Long Way To Tipperary

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

