Chapter 1: The Fall
    




Chapter Text
So…the fight was going…badly. Really…really badly. Steve wasn't stopping to listen. No one was. There wasn't even supposed to be a fight!
Tony has honestly had hope that this would work. He'd really thought that bringing the kid in, convincing Steve to just take a fucking second and talk…that it would all work out! They were adults! And Tony had thought that they were friends. He'd thought that this could be fixed. Because the world needed the Avengers. Hell, Tony needed the Avengers. His friends. Practically his family.
He'd benched the kid, so he didn't have to worry about him anymore…the battle had gone airborne anyway. The kid had done a good job…really, a really good job. Tony would have to keep an eye on him, but for the moment, Tony had to focus on the battle in the air. That is, until Sam dodged a beam shot by Vision…and then Rhodey was calling for him. Because his suit was dead.
Tony dove, thrusters going at full power.
He wasn't going to reach him. Not in time. He flew anyway, arms out, praying that someone, somehow…and then…then he heard the voice.
"I've got him!" The voice came over the comms right in Tony's ear, almost bringing him up short.
It made no sense. And things rarely made no sense to Tony Stark. He always understood things…his brain always made sense of whatever puzzle he was trying to solve eventually. Hell, he'd discovered a new element to save his own life! He'd created an arc reactor out of scraps in a cave! How could something so simple make no sense?
Because that voice belonged to Peter Parker of Queens, who he'd benched. Who had been just injured enough to freak Tony out…to make him feel guilty over dragging the fourteen-year-old into this in the first place. The kid had taken Cap's shield to the face, had a loading bridge dropped onto him, and had been swatted out of the sky by a giant man. So he'd benched him. Told him he'd done good. And then he'd gone on with the fight, desperate to contain Steve before Ross showed up to give it a try.
One moment Tony had been diving after Rhodey…arm outstretched, desperate. His family…no, his team was falling apart. He'd been desperate enough that he'd recruited a fourteen-year-old to help him out, and said kid had almost been seriously hurt, and now Rhodey….
Not Rhodey. He couldn't lose Rhodey. He'd lost Jarvis and his mother and his shitty father and he was losing the friends he'd been so desperate to keep…the ones he'd designed rooms for in his home and the ones he'd made smoothies for and opened his life to…but he couldn't lose Rhodey. Not his best friend. The man who had been a brother to him who had loved him who had gotten him through every loss so far…he wasn't going to make it in time.
And then…a web attached to his suit and a yank…a flash of red and blue, too high in the air. How had Peter gotten…how was Peter…arms wrapped around the War Machine suit, a web…a web going from Rhodey to Tony's suit. Tony stopped short, his instincts working before his brain had fully processed the situation. The kid had attached a web between him and Rhodey…and when Tony stopped short, so did Rhodey's suit.
The next second seemed to take hours. Peter let go of the suit, all of them so high in the air. He aimed his wrist at Tony's suit, and then Tony understood. Peter was worried that with his added weight going at the speed they were going, his web might not hold. So Spiderman held up his wrist as the War Machine suit bounced a little in the air.
Nothing happened.
He was out of web fluid. The boy looked at up him, the lenses on his suit going wide right before…
The kid didn't stop.
The dull thud of Peter Parker's body hitting the tarmac would join wormholes and Pepper plummeting out of sight in his nightmares. The sight of the boy, smaller somehow in a suit that Tony had designed, hitting the ground…bouncing just a little…his head coming up and then cracking against the ground once more…that sight would never leave him. Tony was sure of it.
"No!" The scream that tore out of Rhodey's throat stunned Tony, but not as much as the sight of Peter Parker lying absolutely stilling the concrete for the second time that day.
How…how? He'd told the kid to stay down, Tony thought numbly, lowering Rhodey to the ground and watching his friend scramble out of the suit. He touched down and the suit retracted, leaving him free to race to the kid's side, gasping for air. Wheezing. Desperate for it. This couldn't be happening.
Peter Parker. Fourteen. Orphan. Sophomore. Spiderman. Genius.
"No…no no…shit!" Rhodey was muttering under his breath and pulling Peter's mask back and Tony felt like he was breathing underwater. No. This wasn't possible. He'd told the kid he was done. He'd benched him! The kid had done great but then he'd been hurt and Tony couldn't live with himself if he got a fourteen-year-old boy hurt in a fight like this. "Tony!"
His friend's cry jolted him out of his stupor and he reached out with shaking hands, two
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Civil War AU
Civil War fix it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

