Work Text:
Peter was nervous.
 
To be fair, for someone who fights criminals on a daily basis, and super-villains on a semi bi-weekly basis (sneaking around Mr Stark is hard, okay?!)he was nervous a lot. Happens when you get bitten by a radioactive spider at age 14, gain superpowers which dial every one of your senses to eleven and then also end up somehow acquiring a mentor/father figure who flies around encased in a metal suit of armour fighting super villains and aliens on a daily basis.
 
Peter was a teenage anxiety-ridden mess, the true epitome of a Gen-Z kid. So yeah, he was, and always will be, a nervous-wreck.
 
But there is a difference between being-nervous-because-Tony-Stark-is-attending-his-parent-teacher-conference and being nervous because he is about to meet his childhood superheroes.
 
Somehow, Peter Parker’s life became weird enough for the later to be an occurrence.
 
Here is the thing – today, June 18 2019, is a day that will go down in history because today is the group cheerily being dubbed as the ‘Rogue Avengers’ by the media will be making their not-so-triumphant return to American soil after years of being on the run.
 
Peter was looking forward to it about as much as he looks forward to his visits to the dentist. That is to say, not very much.
 
It’s not so much that Peter doesn’t want to meet the Avengers, because of course he does. Peter was no older than 10 when the Avengers had first fought Loki’s Chitauri army in Manhattan all those years ago, and since that day forth Peter lived and breathed the Avengers. His room had already been an Iron Man shrine prior to that day, but afterwards it was as if Avengers Wonderland had vomited in his room. He had begged Uncle Ben and Aunt May to buy him Avengers bedsheets, he slept with a Hulk plushie and Captain America pyjamas. Ned had gifted Peter a miniature version of Thor’s cape and Hammer for his 12thbirthday, and Peter has kept it safe (and hidden from Mr Stark’s snooping) till this day. He had even dressed up as Iron Man for 2 Halloweens straight, stopping only when he grew out of his costume, replacing it with a full Captain America costume, shield and all.
 
(Aunt May had shown those pictures to Mr Stark, to Peter’s horror and embarrassment. Tony had not stopped feigning hurt about “being replaced by Captain America” for weeks).
 
So yes, the Avengers were his heroes, the people he looked up to, the people he sought to be when he had first taken up this superheroing business. But overtime, Peter has realised that there is some truth to the saying that you should “never meet your heroes.”
 
Some truth, because meeting Mr Stark had been one of the best moments of Peter’s life and he could never regret that. Tony Stark was his hero long before Iron Man was, and meeting both Tony Stark and Iron Man was not, and could never, be disappointing. When Tony had saved a barely-six-year-old-Peter at the Stark Expo all those years ago, a new door of imagination had been opened in Peter’s mind. Iron Man, mighty and glorious in his full red and gold regalia, making a heroic entry to save the day. When Peter sat beside his parents’ grave, and later his Uncle’s, he imagined Iron Man coming in to save the day, save him from the collapsing grief that was swallowing him whole.
 
And then Iron Man had, and Peter retained faith in his childhood idols.
 
But spending time with Mr Stark, seeing the grief that he had buried deep inside him following Germany, Peter found something else out – that all his heroes weren’t as glorious and unbreakable as he had thought.
 
Peter had seen Mr Stark in the direct aftermath of his one-on-one fight with Captain America, had seen the cuts and bruises that had littered his face. Had seen the way he winced when he moved. Had seen the suit Peter knows he was wearing that day standing in shame in the lab, broken and destroyed, a large crack running along the centre where his heart should have been.
 
Captain America had broken Iron Man’s heart, both literally and figuratively.
 
Over the last two years Peter had had the opportunity to know Tony personally, in a familial manner. Peter loves Tony Stark, as a father he doesn’t remember having. Mr Stark is a light that allows himself to be snuffed out so that others can shine, who loves and loves and loves, and gives and gives and gives, without ever expecting anything in return. Peter doesn’t think he can trust anyone who doesn’t see the same thing he does.
 
But the Avengers are coming back, and Mr Stark is retreating back into himself, building a wall around his heart that Peter doesn’t know if he can break.
 
The Avengers are coming back, and Peter is nervous and he’s excited and he’s scared.
 
He breaks away from his thoughts when he feels a solid hand rest on his shoulders, calloused fingers tracing soothing circles on his shoulders.
 
“It’s be fine, Pete,” Tony says.
 
He wants to say yes, it’ll be fine, they won’t hurt you anymore, but he doesn’t. He knows Tony won’t bel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
sad Steve Rogers
Steve is just trying
and he's sad
cos he wants his husband back
stevetony if you squint
It's a work in progress
they got issues to deal with first
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
set after homecoming but nothing after that happens
endgame who? idk her

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

