Work Text:
Consciousness brings regret with it.That in itself is not that unusual, given Bucky’s life choices for the last decade or so, but past that initial moment of disorientation, he becomes all too aware of everything about his position that is unusual.He’s tied to a chair, for starters. Tied is the wrong word. Whoever’s got him didn’t go for some standard ropes or metal handcuffs, which would have been familiar and downright reassuring because any captors who used rope to tie up a man with a metal arm were incompetent fucks who deserved what was coming to them. But nope, Bucky’s arms are immobilized at the back of the chair with something that feels like a thick metal band around right wrist. On his left, there’s…nothing. He can’t feel anything from shoulder down. The entire arm’s numb.That’s concerning.There are restraints around his feet too, thick cuffs around his socked ankles. They took his boots. And his weapons. He’s been stripped down to his compression shirt, pants, and fucking socks.His heart rate picks up, and it’s a struggle to keep his eyes closed and breathing calm to imitate unconsciousness. He’s not sure if he gave it away when he actually woke, but it’s silent around him, so he hopes not. He’ll have to stop eventually. The back of his eyes is bright in that strange, piercing way that comes from having light bear down on closed lids. He can’t hear shit, not even a person breathing, and all he can really tell about his situation is that he’s stuck to an uncomfortable chair and that whoever captured him know how to keep him contained. Bucky doesn’t want to dwell on all the unpleasant possibilities that brings to mind. His arm’s a hell of a weapon, and it rankles to have it neutralized. If he couldn’t feel the strain of having it forced back, he wouldn’t even be able to tell he still has it, which is not a state he’s willing to revisit.Someone sighs. Loudly.Bucky freezes in spite of himself.“You can stop pretending.” The voice is deep and brimming with authority - the quiet confidence of someone who’s certain he’ll be obeyed. “You’re not very good at playing possum, Agent Barnes.”“Hey, fuck you,” Bucky says easily, faking cheer as he opens his eyes. He has to squeeze them close the next second, too sensitive for the light that assaults him. “I’m the best damned possum you’ll see,” he forces through gritted teeth.“Friday,” says his captor, which makes no goddamn sense, but then he can feel the lights dimming.Bucky eases an eye open, and sure enough, it’s darker than before. He still has to blink tears from his eyes and flutter his lids a few times before he can focus. He sees the table first, then his own legs. His straightens his neck, wishing he could crack it a few times, and finally looks at his captor.Hot damn, is his first thought.Threat assessment follows close on its heels because Bucky’s a goddamn professional.Military, definitely. Male, built like a goddamn mountain. He’s wearing some kind of suit that Bucky hopes isn’t a standard uniform. Deep blue with a damned silver star in the center and stripes to the side isn’t subtle no matter how you spin it, and unless the organization the guy’s with is allergic to subterfuge, they got to have a better design. Then again, he could be a vigilante or any sort of costumed pain-in-the-ass. Those seem to be multiplying by the week.Bucky stares a bit more, because shoulders that broad should be illegal. It’s the face that really fucks him up though. Hair as silver as the star on his chest, swept back from a face that’s all hard angles and deep lines. There’s a beard too, covering a jaw that looks strong enough to sit on, and its white is peppered with bits of dark blond, which should look ridiculous but doesn’t.Definitely older than the standard for field work. That shit chews up young, bright-eyed, able-bodied fools who then become older, cynical admin drones with aching muscles and creaking bones before they hit forty. But Bucky’s captor’s here looking like a damn fine snack who could kick the asses of twenty of the aforementioned young fools.Why can’t guys like this work for S.H.I.E.D?Bucky plasters on a smile and even makes it charming.“You seem to know my name. Only polite to return the favor.”“If you’re banking on politeness, you might be in the wrong business, son.”Son. Jesus, Mary, and motherfucking Joseph, the lord is testing Bucky. This is how wet dreams and porn clips should start, not a goddamn interrogation.The man speaks before Bucky can gather his last two brain cells together to form a response.“But you know, it’s a nice day today, and you’re not our prisoner, so I’ll be polite for you. I’m Commander Steve Rogers. Pleasure to meet you, James Barnes.”That’s – that’s a lot to unpack.“Our?” Bucky prods carefully before jumping on the most significant part of that sentence. “I’m not your prisoner?”Commander Rogers tilts his head, regarding Bucky with insanely bright blue eyes for a long moment.“Well, no. You can’t leave, of course
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Captain America: The First Avenger Compliant
Steve Survives Crashing The Valkyrie
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Commander Rogers
Vigilante Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
Steve is 103
Bucky is 32
Power Imbalance
Explicit Sexual Content
Enthusiastic Consent
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Riding
Dominance and Submission
Mild S&M
Barebacking
Begging
Size Kink
Spanking
Strength Kink
Bearded Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

