Chapter 1: пролог | PROLOGUE
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

2011
The Winter Soldier swore that darkness always spread like frost. Always. He believed someone could see it, watch it, just like he did every time he finished a mission. He had witnessed many lives die from colorful eyes as if they were dwindling fires, watched blood flow over his hands and soak into the fabric of his gear. You could see evil in someone's face, but it could be gone in the blink of an eye - or it could stay, like the needles of a pine tree; hardened from battling the seasons, persistent to live.The Asset knew evil when he saw it. He knew a good person when he saw one, even if they did evil things.That's what he was, even though he did not remember being good before he was the asset. He knew that he had had a life of before.Before everything went wrong.Trapped like an animal, he had only one good thing; a girl of fire and will. She ignited a flame underneath his feet, shocked him with humanity. Suddenly, he remembered what it was like to feel human. He remembered, whenever he held her in his arms, that red ran in his veins. Not oil. He was not a machine.Machines obeyed. Humans rebelled.He wanted to refuse obedience. But how could he do that when fear was something he lived and breathed? He ran on it. It urged him to live for himself, but to also take lives for himself. He lived in a cage made from bullets and blades, that the girl with fiery red hair no longer resided near. She had disappeared with his memories, humanity, and will to live.The agents flanked him, herding him into a cage that housed a child. The boy must have been at least ten years old, if not younger. He looked so out of place, a sad figurine compared to the broad ice sculpture of the Winter Soldier.Like evil, the Asset was able to track fear. The boy's face was seemingly devoid of emotion until he looked into his eyes. That was where the fear sat, as bright as the sun and as clear as the moon. As he looked through those windows into the soul, shadowed under the single harsh bulb hanging above them, a terrible feeling washed over him, one that he couldn't quite name. Guilt? No, he had not done anything to this child. Sympathy? Maybe. Depends on how he came to reside in this hell.Despite that, and whatever the unnamed feeling was, the boy looked worse for wear; and the asset still, for some reason, felt horrible. His face was covered in blood and dirt, hair matted with both substances. His pants were loose around his legs but pulled snug around his waist, shirt torn at the sleeves and frayed at the hem. Practically dressed in rags."Soldier, meet our Spider," the Superior said from the other side of the rusted bars. "Do you remember being an instructor for the unsuccessful Wolf Spider Ops program?""Yes," was all he allowed himself to say. He vaguely remembered it, and the one boy who had lived. The boy had been released after being declared impossible. He would be much older than the one that stood in front of him now."The Backup has been training since he could walk. We have gone along the same curriculum of the Wolf Spider and Black Widow Ops. You were an instructor for both programs, Soldier. Now it is time for a test. You have been tasked to oversee the Backup's training from this point on."The Asset inclined his head, but did not take his eyes off the boy. The Wolf Spider."Soldier, advance."He didn't want to. The boy didn't want him to either, it seemed, as he stumbled back. He chose to give in to what he was feeling - he was thinking that it was a mixture of pity and sympathy - and spat, "I will not beat a child.""That was an order.""I will not beat a child," he repeated.The Superior seemed to ponder that fact for a few moments. "If you don't, it will die. Think of it as saving your brat's life."
My brat
?
Leaning in close to the bars, the Superior hissed, "Be careful not to get too attached, Soldier. Now, advance."Reluctant and confused, the asset took a step forward. He froze as the boy jumped back. Catching the boy's eyes, he mouthed, 'Do you know who I am?'The child nodded, his fearful eyes blown wide.He inwardly sighed. No wonder he was scared. 'Understand. I have to do this.'The Wolf Spider inclined his head again.The Winter Soldier advanced, as ordered.||||||||||The two had been escorted to the Asset's housing after the fight - if you could even call it that. It was practically a slaughter, minus the kill - and the Backup had been tossed into the room before the Asset stepped inside. The metal door was sealed and locked behind them, kept in place as if they were animals. Left alone to be sitting ducks.The boy had looked around, eyes landing on the single cot and the wooden chair across the room from the door. Peering into the small bathroom, until he decided to look back at the Asset. The fear was still there, a slight tremble to his thin frame, skin blotted with dark bruises.The Soldier too
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Brainwashing
Time Skips
Superfamily (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Marvel Cinematic Universe Fusion
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra Peter Parker
buckynat - Freeform
winterwidow - Freeform
Red Room (Marvel)
Uncle Steve Rogers
Redemption
Suffering
This Is Not Going To Go The Way You Think
I'm Going to Hell
I'm Bad At Tagging
Tags May Change
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Peter Parker is Bucky Barnes's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Natasha Romanov's Biological Child
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Peter Parker has PTSD
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
References to Depression
Anxiety
Postpartum Depression
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Protective Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

