Work Text:
This is not the way that Steve Rogers wanted to spend his birthday, though it was with the exact person he wanted to spend it with; just not in the same context.
Of course, taking out rogue HYDRA agents with his newly reacquainted Bucky was always something he’d looked forward to on any day, giving people what they deserve; just not today. He wants desperately to watch his Bucky satisfied in a much different way.
Not that watching Bucky rip apart all those ghosts that did him wrong for all those years wasn’t ultimately satisfying to Steve Rogers. In fact, it was almost as satisfying as when Steve did it himself.
There wasn’t enough justice in the world, though, to absolve Bucky of his demons and it broke Steve’s heart every time he had to remind Bucky in the middle of a nightmare-filled night that he was safe. His heart came back together again, though, when Bucky would look up at Steve with those watery, tired, broken eyes and fall back to Earth, trusting Steve entirely.
That would never get old to Steve Rogers.
Steve is utterly thankful once they're done, renting a room out for the night before he and Bucky head back home, where he wishes he was right now; though, lately, whenever Bucky was with him he realized he was home already.
Bucky doesn’t even appear tired at all, looking at Steve out of the corner of his eye intently.
“So, Steve, is that how you normally spend a birthday?” Bucky asks, some sort of wicked amusement flickering in his eyes.
Steve raises his eyebrows humorously, smiling a little sadly. “Well, technically . . . lately, yeah.”
Bucky’s expression changes, a million questions in his eyes. His lips twitch to form a frown, but he controls it at the last minute; Steve still notices.
“What did, uh, we do? Usually? Back then?” Bucky asks quietly. “I wanna . . . I wanna . . .” he trails off, unsure what to say.
Steve tries to hold back the blush, but it’s too late; Steve’ s mind jumps to the great number of birthdays both he and Bucky shared together, always involving teasing and ridiculously cheesy affection and mind-blowing sex—
Naturally, Bucky knows that they were always in love with each other, but it was a rarity to make Steve blush quite that much, and his lips curve into the tiniest smile that drives Steve absolutely crazy.
“How often did we . . .” Bucky trails off amusingly.
Steve is laughing, now. “A lot,” he admits, though the red in his face persists despite himself.
Bucky is seemingly not in the mood for blushing Steve Rogers, and honestly, Steve isn’t either. Bucky closes the distance between them in a heartbeat, dominance coloring his features.
“Quit with that blushing, Rogers,” Bucky purrs and locks his metal arm around Steve’s neck, pulling Steve’s mouth onto his feverishly.
Steve can’t control his enthusiasm, so wanton for the way Bucky’s tongue would always slide past Steve’s lush lips, parting them open forcibly, though Steve was hardly unwilling. Steve grips the back of Bucky’s hair tightly, as if he has to hold him in place; whereas Bucky’s hands are roaming all over Steve, his chest, back, and stomach as he’s licking into Steve’s mouth like his life depended on it.
Steve gasps into Bucky’s open mouth then, particularly loving the feeling of the heat differences between Bucky’s flesh and metal hand roaming Steve’s body. Bucky grunts pleasurably as Steve bites his lip and pulls it forward, heavy breathing between the two of them, bodies pressed firmly together.
Bucky needs Steve; Steve is the only thing that makes him forget and he angles his head against Steve’s mouth to kiss him deeper, though his tongue is already down the blond’s throat. It wasn’t nearly enough for the brunet.
Bucky’s lips ghost along Steve’s jawline before they travel down to Steve’s neck, and his mouth is fervent on his neck then; licking, sucking, drawing blood to the surface. Steve loved it when Bucky’s hickeys showed on Steve's flesh, though only for a few minutes after healing so quickly. Steve moans gutturally, throwing his head back, exposing more flesh for Bucky to claim with his mouth.
Bucky growls possessively against the flesh of Steve’s neck, sinking his teeth into his neck to add to the love marks he’s already placed.
“Ngh, Daddy -” falls from Steve’s lips before he can contain it; something he hasn’t done in such a long time until Bucky brings it out of him, once again. Steve is embarrassed despite the fact Bucky used to love being called Daddy, after all, even if he currently didn’t remember it.
Bucky pulls away, surprised at the pet name falling from Steve’s lips. Steve’s embarrassment furthers, although the surprise echoing in Bucky’s eyes has nothing to do with forgetting and all to do with remembering, the brief flash of memories hitting him like a blow to the gut.

It’s as if Bucky is reliving it all over again, despite it being over 70 years ago. His eyes, mouth, and tongue are wrapping around a much, much smaller version of the Steve he’s currently with, though his feeli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shameless Smut
Daddy Kink
Anal Fingering
Bottom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

