Chapter 1: Judgment Day
    


Summary:

OMG, I forgot to put in the first chapter!!! Laughs nervously. Well, it's not like anyone will notice... I only have ... 6 chapters. 40 Bookmarks and 2557 Hits... Oh..... Um, so here's my official notice to my subscribers!!! Yeah, I can't believe I did this either... Unfortunately, nothing past chapter six will make any sense without it so... Here ya go.Ps. With this little revelation I'm going to be doing a quick series of revisions to make sure I posted the right copy of this story.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Chapter One. Judgment DayHadrian seethes barely refraining from tapping his foot in annoyance. Why is he annoyed you may ask? He is sitting here, in purgatory, with one Albus fucking Dumbledore waiting on three of his subjects to arrive. Only the former headmaster doesn't seem to be aware they're even waiting on anyone. Hadrian raises his eyebrow at another particularly scandalous story and casts his third silent tempus in as many minutes to check the time before pinching the bridge of his nose annoyed. The dead soul doesn't even notice as engrossed in droning on and on about his former life’s mistakes as he is. As if he is some kind of Holy mind healer. As if he’s here to absolve the delusional mortal of his many crimes and failings. The man then moves on to talk about his soulbond and subsequent bonding ceremony with Gellert fucking Grindelwald. As if having a soulmate and bonding with them were even a crime in the first place."So, I am the Master of Death," Hadrian admits, now that Albus Dumbledore is finally done with needlessly confessing his rather lengthy list of crimes. He’s decided to say ‘fuck it’ and begin easing the old man into facing the reality of his situation without anyone else here. It's not like this will be the first time he’s had to deal with a situation like this and it certainly won't be the last. His subjects are likely busy, what with all the wars going on thanks to the man in front of him right now."Yes Harry, you are able to wield the Hallows." Albus Dumbledore agrees in a pitying yet envious tone. His words surprise Hadrian by the knowledge he should not rightfully have. His parents did, after all, hide their true identities during their most recent stint of allowing themselves to be reborn on the mortal plane. He has similarly followed suit. Even here in his domain, he has cloaked himself so thoroughly that even a fellow God would be hard-pressed to identify him. "The Cloak will likely follow you, and the Elder Wand may even find itself loyal to you." The former headmaster continues as though talking about the weather."No matter the shape or appearance of the wand I use." Hadrian agrees as he allows a slow smile to tug on his lips still toying with his ‘Elder Wand’. It has remained disguised as a Holy wood and Phoenix feather wand since he picked it back up at Ollivanders. Child of the Fates as he is, Ollivander recognized it immediately and waited until he came to pick it back up. "And the Resurrection Stone?" he prompts feigning a confused tone and refrains from glancing at the said stone where it rests safely on one of his otherwise invisible rings. He’s beginning to suspect what the old fool has assumed."As it has been destroyed, I can only speculate, Harry," Dumbledore said with a carefree smile as he charms his unburdened sky blue eyes to twinkle madly again.“Humm” At least that answers the suspicion he had of the little spies following him while he disposed of one of the duplicate stones. Apparently, they managed to pass on the information to their idol before he passed. One would think they’d be more concerned with saving his life. Either that or he has a spy in his ranks. Something to look into either way. "Well, it has been... enlightening talking to you, but I'm afraid we have to get a move on now," Hadrian says standing abruptly and startling Dumbledore. “We both have places we need to be.” He instructs the deceased soul in a no-nonsense tone as though commanding one of his armies."Both of us?” Albus Dumbledore asks genuinely confused before putting on another one of his demeaningly indulgent smiles and standing as well. “Very well, my dear boy. Where to?" the dead soul asks curiously as he makes a show of slowly standing. Given the crimes and injustices this man has continuously wrought upon his parents chosen wielders of magic, Hadrian has always found his carefree attitude unnerving. Now is no different.“Every soul wonders what happens afterlife don't they?” Hadrian asks instead of answering. It’s so rare for him to step in and guide someone on to their next life, or their final place of residence as is the case with this particular soul. Still no matter the eons and differences between them they always seem to ask the same question. ‘Where am I going now? What is to happen to me?’ It's becoming increasingly odd that the man before him has failed to do so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nico di Angelo/Harry Potter
Hecate (Percy Jackson)/Loki (Marvel)
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Gomez Addams/Morticia Addams
Hades/Persephone (Percy Jackson)

freeform: 
Don’t copy to another site
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Demigod Harry Potter
Loki (Marvel) is Harry Potter's Parent
Harry Potter was Raised by Other(s)
Time Travel Fix-It
Shadow Travel (Percy Jackson)
Camp Half-Blood (Percy Jackson)
Camp Jupiter (Percy Jackson)
Master of Death Harry Potter
Ghost King Nico di Angelo
Thor Is a Good Bro
Awesome Frigga (Marvel)
Odin's Bad Parenting
Genderfluid Character
Canon Typical Violence
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Order of the Phoenix Bashing (Harry Potter)
Weasley Family Bashing (Harry Potter)
But not Bill Charlie and Twins
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Cross-Posted on Wattpad

fandom: 
Nico di Angelo/Harry Potter
Hecate (Percy Jackson)/Loki (Marvel)
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Gomez Addams/Morticia Addams
Hades/Persephone (Percy Jackson)

