Chapter 1: There Sat Thanos, Part 1
    




Chapter Text
There sat Thanos, with all infinity stones in his gauntlet, casually sitting on a chair in Natasha’s Avengers quarters. Natasha quickly reacted by whipping out her two pistols and aiming at Thanos all in a blink of an eye. “What the hell are you doing here?” Natasha growled.Weeks ago the Black Widow was told that Thanos was a being from space who planned on using all the ‘infinity stones’ to end half of life in the universe. But after Thanos came to Wakanda to remove Vision’s infinity stone, Thanos simply vanished after Thor had injured him. So Natasha was justified in her confusion. “Simply put: I have seen the error in my plan,” Thanos said. This was beyond suspicious. People don’t just go from pre-meditated large-scale genocide to suddenly becoming benevolent. Human or otherwise.Natasha, still aiming at Thanos, slowly reared backwards towards the door she came through. “More specifically, I have seen the future though the stone” Thanos continued, “where I succeed in my plan, but you ‘Avengers’ undo my actions, where you sacrifice yourself in the process.” Natasha froze in her tracks. “Why come all this way just to trick me with a silly lie?” Natasha asked.Thanos rose from his seat, Natasha’s pistols following his movements. “I do not lie Black Widow,” Thanos said “allow me to show you." Thanos rose his gauntlet up, and formed a fist, where the yellow, orange and green stones glowed. Natasha winced as she suddenly received a splitting headache before she dropped one of her pistols to clench her head. As quickly as the headache came on, it quickly went away, but she felt visions swarming her mind.She saw everything.
The snap, the five years, time travel.
And her death.  It all felt so real and convincing to her. Even if he conjured all those sights, Natasha knew he couldn’t replicate the emotions she felt in all those visions.
Coming back to her senses, Natasha refocused her sights on Thanos and aimed her one pistol back at him. He had not moved from his standing position. “Even if what you’re saying is true, what does that have to do with me?” Natasha asked him. “You see, my new plan for salvation is as such: I will invite beings who are worth saving to join me, while I persuade the rest of the universe, including your world.” Thanos said stoic. This new plan of his seemed a lot less… hostile. Unbelievably arrogant, sure. But still, this seemed like a step up from universe wide genocide. “And these select few. What do you plan to do with them?” Natasha inquired, still unsure of Thanos’ motives. “As I travel the universe expanding my domain, they shall follow and serve me, and in exchange I provide them with all their wishes” Thanos said as he slowly walked towards Natasha, “they shall be called the ‘Red Order’.”“Serve? Like some kind of harem of slaves?” Natasha said, pulled the safety on her pistol to punctuate her question.Still unbothered by this threat, Thanos as he continued his pace towards her. Natasha eyes wandered as Thanos paced towards her as she gained a better view of his figure. She noticed his tunic exposed his strong arms, only comparable to Hulk’s own. “I do not keep slaves,” Thanos said, offended “no one is kept by force, they are all compensated by me satisfying their desires.” “And what do you mean by ‘desires?”  Natasha asked. “Anything they wish for that does not harm others; strength, wealth, pleasures…” Thanos paused, “as long as they agree to serve me.”
PleasuresThe word lingered in Natasha’s mind, she pictured all that she desired but could never achieve. The planet was safe now, the avengers was stronger than ever, equipped with super humans, wizards, and god-like beings. It was probably time to pass the baton and retire. But Natasha was so busy saving the world, she never had time to build her own personal life to retire to.  No one to go home to.Distracted by her own imagination, Natasha failed to notice Thanos’ large figure had reached inches from her. She lowered her gun as her eyes met Thanos’ stern yet calming face.“And you want me to join your ‘red order’?” Natasha asked. “Only if that’s what you desire” Thanos’ deep voice rumbled. Natasha gulped after her attempt to avoid Thanos’ gaze caused her to glance at the bulge in his pants.  “And what sort of pleasures would I get?” Natasha asked.“All that you desire and more” Thanos responded.Natasha hesitated, she knew Thanos was watching her and yet she continued to stare at his bulge. “See something you desire now?” Thanos asked.“Yes…” Natasha manage to get out. “Then take what you desire” Thanos said softly. Hesitantly, Natasha dropped her gun and, closed what little distance was left between her and Thanos. Every fiber of her being was telling her what she was thinking was wrong. In what scenario does doing this with Thanos not end with regret? Thoughts like these swarmed Natasha’s mind until she looked at groin again, then her mind suddenly went silent.She cupped his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Thanos
Natasha Romanov/Nebula
Proxima Midnight/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Proxima Midnight/Nebula
Nebula/Proxima Midnight
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Proxima Midnight
Wanda Maximoff/Thanos
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Minn-Erva
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov/Nebula
Carol Danvers/Thanos
Proxima Midnight/Ayesha
Ayesha/Chambermaid

freeform: 
Harems
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Girl Penis
Smut
Shameless Smut
Intersex
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Vaginal Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Cunnilingus
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub
Dirty Talk
Spit Kink
Kink
Superheroes
doggystyle
Cowgirl
Teasing
Cock Tease
Outercourse
Grinding
Threesome - F/F/F
Face-Sitting
Face Slapping
spitting
spit in my mouth
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Spoilers
Femdom
Shower Sex
Nicknames
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Rimming
Thighs
Ass Play
Ass to Mouth
ass eating
Analingus
Mommy Kink
Spanking
Dildos
Butt Slapping
Butt Plugs
Ass Slapping
strip
Strip Tease
Angst
Punishment
Sex Toys
sex toy
Fingering
Vaginal Fingering
Kissing
Neck Kissing
These tags are out of control
too many tags
Doggy Style
Hot Tub Sex
Hot Tub
Anal Sex
Loss of Virginity
Virginity
Scissoring
Tribadism
Tribbing
Dry Humping
Muscles
Body Worship
Boob worship
humping
Sports Bra
Screaming
Breathplay
Jealousy
Jealous
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Cowgirl Position
cock riding
degrading
Slut Shaming
Cock Slut
Bondage
tied up
Handcuffs
Futanari
Futa
BAMF Carol Danvers

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Thanos
Natasha Romanov/Nebula
Proxima Midnight/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Proxima Midnight/Nebula
Nebula/Proxima Midnight
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Proxima Midnight
Wanda Maximoff/Thanos
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/Minn-Erva
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov/Nebula
Carol Danvers/Thanos
Proxima Midnight/Ayesha
Ayesha/Chambermaid

