Chapter 1: Chapter 1 - Mishaps and Booby-traps
    


Notes:
Translation in French avalible Here!Thank you so much to Orianas0 for translating!




Chapter Text
The Rouge Avengers were due back any day now, and Peter was dreading it.
He knew the stress that their arrival would place on Tony, and he would be damned if he let them ruin the happy atmosphere that had been in the compound ever since Aunt May passed away.
“Boss requests your presence in the lab”
“Thanks FRIDAY, tell him I’ll be down in a sec”. He had something to do first.
“Sure Peter”. She responded cheerfully, well, as cheerfully as an AI could be.
Peter walked over to the kitchen, taking stock of the supplies and making a note to FRIDAY to get more cereal before they ran out, his spider metabolism was hard to keep up.
He also set a few spy cameras around the place. One above the bench in the middle of the room, one near the front bench, two surrounding the fridge, oven, microwave and coffee machine area.
“Karen”. Peter spoke into his watch, which Tony upgraded to include Karen’s mainframe so his contact with her wasn’t limited to his time in the suit.
“Yes Peter”. Her voice responded
“Set up protocol whatcha gon do on spider-spies 1 to 4”.
“Of course Peter, by the way, congratulations on finally coming up with a name for the cameras. It think it’s very clever”.
If peter’s cheeks reddened just the slightest under her praise, no-one had to know - surely.
“I suggest you head down to the lab now, before Mr. Stark comes up to find you”. Karen prompted
“Yep, will go now. Bye Karen”. He switched Karen off and headed to the elevator, humming along to the random music it played.
++++++++++=
Tony was stressing. It was two days before the recently pardoned avengers would return to the compound, and he would have to break the news of the kid to them.
He tried to take his mind off the subject by focussing on adding an EMP device to his repulsors, he couldn’t count the times that it would have been useful, but the calibration of it was tricky. One mistake and the blast would take his suit out as well.
“FRIDAY”
“Yes boss?” The AI was ever vigilant
“Tell Peter to get his butt down here, I have some upgrades to his suit that he should know about. Also, what are the chances of this catching on fire?”
“About 60% sir. Peter has been notified.”
“Good. Dum-E, get ready for something to blow up”. The machine whirred in response.
++++++++++=
The doors opened, and Peter stepped out to the corridor that took him to Tony’s personal lab. Tony was working on one of the Iron Man suits, and had Dum-E on standby with the fire extinguisher. He watched for a little bit as the mechanic tinkered around, cussing at the machine as something sparked, and then at Dum-E when he doused him with the fire extinguisher.
Thinking he needed to get in there before Tony threatened poor Dum-E with deactivation, Peter made his presence known.
“Hey Mr. Stark”. He coughed
Tony turned around in surprise, screwdriver in hand.
“Kid, what have I told you. Stop calling me ‘Mr. Stark’. Makes me sound old.”
Peter couldn’t help but laugh at the situation. He was standing there, scolding him for calling him ‘Mr. Stark’, while dripping with foam holding the screwdriver like a maniac.
Laugh “You look -” Wheeze “- like you just-” Gasp “- spilt a whole can of web-fluid on yourself”. By this time, Peter in hysterics, laughing so hard, it washed the scowl right off Tony’s face, replacing it with a smile.
“You won’t be laughing for long”. A wicked grin grew out of the smile as he grabbed the extinguisher from Dum-E and pointed it at Peter.
The two then engaged in an epic battle of fire extinguisher vs. webbing (Peter started to wear his web-shooters all the time, ever since the vulture incident).
+++++++++++=
“Ms. Potts, I would advise you to wait a minute before entering the lab”. FRIDAY’s voice warned.
Pepper chuckled lightly to herself before opening the door. She was greeted by a blast of foam to the face.
Both Tony and Peter stopped what they were doing immediately and looked in fear at Pepper’s stunned, foam-covered face. Tony immediately started to apologize profusely, while Peter attempted to hide a laugh.
“And this,” Pepper started, “is why I keep telling you, look before you shoot something at the door. Also, Peter dear, what are you doing on the ceiling?”
Peter’s face went bright red, and dropped from his perch.
“I want this lab cleaned up straight away you two. Everything has to be in order when… they arrive, or else the lawyers will have my skin, okay.”
Feeling less enthusiastic after being reminded of what was to come, the two boys nodded and went to work cleaning the place up. Pepper turned on her heel and left to clean herself up before her next meeting.
 
+++++++++=
Peter woke up the next morning to check that his spider-spies were working.
“Karen, pull up the feed from protocol whatcha gon do”
He watched in fascination as Tony got his morning coffee ready. Ever since Peter moved in, his sleep s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
eventual - Relationship

freeform: 
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Peter Parker
I Don't Even Know
like honestly
Anti team-cap
Sort Of
i think
At least at the start
Protective Peter Parker
IronDad and SpiderSon
a little later though
Aunt May is dead
i don't like it
but it's important to the story
I love Bucky
Bucky did nothing wrong
Steve is a dickhead
Civil war complient
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
I love Spiderchelle
but I suck at writing that
So let's just see where this goes
Not really anti-team cap
more just Steve was a reaal dickhead
Like
seriously
I love Natasha too much
I haven't been here is a while
But I'm Getting Better
Sam get's his own mind eventually
like i didn't plan on him being like this
Please bare with me
Translation Available
In french

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
eventual - Relationship

