Work Text:
 It's a strange courage
 You give me, ancient star:

 Shine alone in the sunrise
 toward which you lend no part!-From 'Nuances of a Theme' by William Carlos Williams
...
“Hello everyone, this is Joan Rivers and boy do we have a great show for you today on Fashion Police. Today we’ll be dissecting the delicious gowns and sexy guys at the premiere of Overture.”“For all you at home,” Guiliana Rancic adds, “That’s the new biopic starring Charles Xavier, Natasha Romanoff and Bucky Barnes—““Oh that Bucky Barnes is looking real good,” Rivers interrupts with a throaty laugh.“But it’s Natasha Romanoff that’s really impressing us this week,” Kelly Osbourn says. “Can we get a picture of her up on the screen?”A picture of Natasha Romanoff appears on the television screen in the Fashion Police studio. “Just stunning,” George Kotsiopoulus says. “A real winner there.”“Now this is a Janet Van Dyne gown,” Joan explains. “Made especially for the young star and does she look amazing.” The gown itself has a plunging neckline in the black bodice with a sewn-in design of garnet-colored Swarovski crystals, which give it a dark, mysterious glow. The bottom is gauzy, “and just floated when she walked down the red carpet,” according to Rancic.“And those shoes!” Osbourn makes a sound that only just doesn’t count as a moan of ecstasy. “The silver just perfectly matches the aesthetic she’s going for, and that heel could definitely kill a man, but in the best kind of way.”“Yeah,” Rivers says in her throaty voice. “I’d hate to see Barnes if he makes the wrong move.”“You think they’re really an item?” Rancic asks conspiratorially. “There are those rumors about him and that guy at the nightclub…”“Word is,” Osbourn says, leaning towards the other. “He couldn’t take his eyes off of Natasha the whole night.”“Neither would I, not when she’s wearing those shoes!”They all laugh.
…

Three Days Earlier

…
Bucky Barnes can’t stop staring over Natasha’s shoulder.The guy must be her body guard, the way that he’s standing closely behind Natasha as she gives soundbites to the tabloids, with his arms behind his back. Every few seconds he surveys the area closely. He’s got blonde hair and blue eyes that sparkle in the flashing bulbs around Natasha. And the fact that he’s making Bucky think of the word sparkle is already a bad sign. But what really captures Bucky’s attention is the way that Natasha holds her finger up to a camera, telling the reporter to “wait just a tick” while she leans over to the guy and whispers something in his ear. For just a moment he breaks his stoic, bodyguard character, cracks a smile and laughs with her, like they’re the only two people on the whole damn red carpet. And Bucky can’t tear his eyes away, can’t stop—“Mr. Barnes?”Bucky’s ready to jump out of his goddamn skin, but he’s also a goddamn professional actor at a premiere for his own goddamn movie, so he recovers quick enough that this reporter for some dirt rag tabloid with the word ‘dish’ used as a verb in its title can’t even tell that Bucky was momentarily shaken because of the most goddamn attractive guy he’s probably ever seen. “Sorry,” he says with the silky voice he’s perfected for these interviews. “Got a little distracted for a moment.” He quirks his lip at her, locks his eyes on hers. The reporter chuckles and glances away, made nervous by the sudden eye contact.“No problem, Mr. Barnes,” she says into her microphone once she composes herself. “Anyone would be distracted by your co-star’s arrival. What a talented actress and such a stunning dress! Natasha looks amazing, don’t you agree Mr. Barnes?”“Yeah,” Bucky says, stroking his chin absently. “She’s really somethin’.”His sparkling blue eyes and dreamy look will definitely earn him a page in the tabloids tomorrow, but the thing that the photographers never quite figure out is that it’s never Natasha Romanoff that makes him look that way.
…
Bucky Barnes is supposedly Hollywood’s biggest player and he’ll be the first one to propagate that rumor. Nobody ever has to know the last time he slept with someone was three years ago, and the last time he slept with someone he wanted to was a bit before that. But when you make a career out of shirtless photo spreads for fashion photographers and Gucci watch ads, you don’t complain when people cast you as a Hollywood lothario. Image is half of a guy’s career, after all, and Bucky wants to make it big.
…
It takes two hours to get through the line of reporters asking the same damn questions over and over. (“Who’re you wearing tonight?” (“Tom Ford,” he replies, trying not to imagine the reporter’s reaction if he said, “No actually, Tom Ford. This is a skin suit.”) “Are you seeing anyone right now?” (“When I look around here, I see a lot of people, including you,” he says with a wink, especially when the reporter is a heterosexual male talk show host, who immediately gets flustered.) and “What was your favorite memory from the film?” (“We had a shoot in St. Petersburg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hollywood
Hollywood
Alternate Universe
Hollywood AU
Bucky Barnes As A Former Disney Channel Star
Romance
Angst
Humor
discussion of past rape

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

