Chapter 1: The beginning
    




Chapter Text
"How's everyone doing?" Steve asked his teammates over the comm.He heard 3 all goods from Natasha, Clint, Thor but he didn't get a response from Tony and of course Bruce he stopped looking for answers after the New York battle."Tony, Tony come in?" Steve said concerned."Steve come help!" Tony screamed in his ear.Steve took off towards Tony and called for the others.They found the armor but no Tony."Where did he go?" Clint asked then a scream was heard just to the left of Natasha she walked over to a cardboard box and found a little baby boy wrapped tightly in a green blanket."Hey, hey shhh it's ok buddy, your ok." Natasha cooed.The rest of the team came over and looked down at the little boy. "Here hold him for a second," she told Bruce."The rest of us will go look for Tony, bring him back to the tower and we will send a search warrant for him." She finished."That won't be necessary." Bruce said.They could see where the blanket fell and a soft blue glow came from under his onesie."No way." Clint said flabbergasted."Tony?" Bruce asked the baby, in response Bruce got a milky tooth smile and a giggle from the baby."Crap." A voice said from behind them.Loki stood proud on the top of a dumpster. "Loki! What did you do to friend Stark?" Thor yelled."I didn't do anything, you can thank Amora for this, I am saddened because he is only 5 months old I bet on 6." Loki said."Can you fix him brother?" Thor asked."Yes but I don't want to goodbye mortals!" And with that Loki vanished.Tony started to cry and Bruce held him tight and told him words of comfort."Who's going to tell Pepper?" Clint asked and in response 5 scared reactions and a giggle from Tony.They made it back to the Tower and Bruce was still holding Tony close to his chest while Natasha went to look for Pepper and Steve and Clint made their way to S.H.I.E.L.D, Bruce ordered Thor to go and get the biggest, fluffiest pillow he could find in the Tower just for a reason to be with Tony.Bruce cradled Tony by putting Tonys head in the bridge of his neck and grabbed a towel from the kitchen and placed it under Tonys head incase he decided that throwing up on Bruce was a good idea.Bruce secretly loved babies he loved the way their skin felt and the wariness that radiated off of there bodies and just how tiny they were. Bruce walked around the living room and went out to the balcony and sat down in a lounge chair he glanced down and found that Tony was asleep and had a handful of Bruce's shirt clutched in his tiny hand."I'm sorry this happened to you Tony, I just don't know what we can do to help." Bruce said quietly.Thor came in the living room and set the pillow down and went out to Bruce. "I could try to find my brother and see if he could help us?" Thor spoke quietly."You could try but don't go until tomorrow it's to late now." Bruce responded.They both heard crying coming from the kitchen and made their way back in and found Tonys girlfriend in tears hugging Natasha, Pepper looked up and saw Tony asleep on Bruce's shoulder and went over and took Tonys hand."How did this happen?" She asked."We don't know but we will bring him back don't worry Pepper." Natasha told her."He's so tiny, can I hold him?" She asked and Bruce gently pulled Tony away from his body and into Peppers."Why is there a giant pillow on the couch?" Natasha asked."Friend Bruce had me bring it down." Thor informed her.She glanced at Bruce confused. "Until we can get a a playpen for him he can sleep on that and crawl over it." Bruce answered."Oh that's makes sense." Natasha said.It was 9:45 and Tony was still fast asleep but now has moved to Clint's arms, everyone was watching tv and slowly falling asleep. Tony started to move around and wake up Clint, he looked down and saw tears in Tony's eyes."What's wrong Tony?" Clint asked, his words woke Bruce up and he slowly made he way over. "He looks paler than he did awhile ago Bruce." Clint said concerned."Its ok Tony your ok..." Bruce cooed. "Yeah I noticed that to, he doesn't seem hot at all maybe it's nothing." Bruce suggested, just then a loud scream/wail came from Tony."Hey buddy what's wrong?" Bruce asked quickly."Maybe he needs his diaper changed?" Clint asked."Ok let me take him." Bruce answered.He gently took Tony from Clint's arms and made his way to the new nursery set up by SHEILD agents and placed a crying Tony on the changing station, he undid the buttons on Tonys onesie and gasped at the purple bruises that were blooming on Tony little torso."JARVIS call Clint and tell him to get everyone up and meet me in the nursery." Bruce said quietly hoping he caught that."Of course ." JARVIS answered.About 5 minutes later he heard a knock on the door and made his way over leaving Tony sleeping on the changing mat."Bruce, Bruce what's wrong!" He could hear Steve yelling, he opened the door and saw 5 very concerned faces looking at him."Get in here and be quiet." He stated firmly.Everyone made their way in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Baby Tony
Baby Fic
deaged
Protective Avengers
Protective Loki
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony allergic
Kid Tony Stark
Platonic Relationships
Avengers Family
Parent Avengers

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

