Chapter 1: no more secrets.
    


Notes:
2021 note: While I don't really want to abandon this work, I haven't had the motivation to update in a long time, so I'm tentatively dropping it. Or at least putting it on an indefinite hiatus. Please keep that in mind if you decide to read it anyway.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“So the Accords—what would be your thoughts on an appeal?”Peter’s hands stilled at what he suspected to be a trick question; after all, it wasn’t exactly his place to comment, and Tony had never asked for his opinion on the matter before. When the billionaire asked for his help in Berlin, he’d been rather vague about the whole thing while the teen was often too busy with school and patrolling to pay much attention to the news. For the most part, he’d just been excited to be included.Since then, it’d occurred to him that he—a vigilante—fought for the side encouraging stricter rules and accountability. It then occurred to him that, well, the Accords’ main backer among the Avengers had been sponsoring a vigilante.It didn’t really add up. But he never mentioned it.“You… want to repeal the Accords?” he asked, hesitant. It seemed scandalous, like something they shouldn’t be talking about, and he glanced around the lab as though wary that someone unseen might be listening in.Tony didn’t look up from whatever gadget he was tinkering with. “More like revise. I’ve been thinking about it, and it could—use some improvements. A clause here, tweak there.”When he thought more about it, Peter realized that if he’d made an informed decision, he likely would have sided with Captain America, since he couldn’t exactly keep up his whole looking out for the little guy thing with so many rules and regulations in the way. He did, however, think that some accountability was important, so maybe he leaned most towards a compromise between the two sides. That was how he’d been hoping things would end—that the two sides would settle their differences by talking.That was not how it ended.“I—” Peter just hoped he wouldn’t be betraying his mentor’s trust by saying so. It’d been less than a year since the Accords passed—only six or seven months—and the fight over it may still be fresh in Tony’s mind. He didn’t want to rub any metaphorical salt over his wounds, but if Tony wanted his opinion, then shouldn’t he give it? “I mean, well, I think it’d be good. Accountability is one thing, but flexibility…” With a vague gesture, he trailed off.“…is also important,” Tony finished, nodding to himself.They lapsed into silence, and Peter returned to his homework. Boring, stuff he already knew, and far more difficult to focus on now that a gazillion different thoughts were rushing through his head. He wouldn’t pretend to understand all the politics behind it, but he found himself excited at the thought of Iron Man and Captain America coming together to discuss a compromise instead of fighting forever.Or would it be a compromise between them and whoever else had authority? Well.“Would an appeal mean…” the teen cleared his throat, “pardons? For the rogue Avengers.”“That would be a part of it, yes.”
Cool.
***For the next two weeks, Peter had an extra skip in his step. It only increased when his enhanced hearing caught Captain America’s voice on the other line of Tony’s phone before the billionaire shooed him out of the room—however strained their conversation was, Peter found himself happy that at least they could start working through that tension and rebuild. In his mind, if the Avengers all worked together, they could accomplish anything.His excitement faltered when Tony posed a question. “Are you going to tell them about Spider-man?”Honestly, Peter hadn’t even considered the possibility that he might meet them to begin with, let alone mention his secret identity. “Um, well.” He scribbled down a few answers on his homework, then glanced back at the hidden sheet of web formulas under his textbook, then cleared his throat. “Well, I mean, I don’t know. Are you?”Tony snorted, shooting him a look. “It’s not my secret identity, kid. Whether or not they know is up to you.”Within a matter of seconds, Peter came up with a list of at least ten pros and cons, some more important and some more trivial. Biting his bottom lip, he debated back and forth until the words, “I was the only one who believed in you. Everyone else thought I was crazy for recruiting a fourteen-year-old kid,” popped into his head. He frowned—they still stung, though he wouldn’t admit it—and shrugged. “I guess—I figure—that the fewer people who know about my secret identity, the better?”“Uh huh.” The billionaire didn’t seem convinced, but the teen wondered if that was because he’d stopped paying full attention to the conversation. His tone sounded distant as he worked on upgrading one of his suits. “Whatever you decide, it’s your choice. You have no obligation to tell them.”Right, because he’d turned down the offer to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Civil War Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Light Angst
but nothing too serious
...maybe
depends on your definition of serious
Peter Parker Gets a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

