Chapter 1: The day the ice grew cold
    




Chapter Text
Tony groaned as he tried to shift, metal crushing down on his whole body. The iron man suit was cutting-edge, but was also a completely dead weight when powered down.

He could feel the sharp pins-and-needles as his legs started to numb. Tony was only thankful the chestplate was a slightly lighter alloy than the rest, not that he could even think at this point.

At least the blood had stopped spurting from his face, Tony thought. He'd had enough broken noses in his life to know what had happened, but that was the least of his worries.

His entire ribcage, already fragile at the best of times, was completely crushed. Tony still had problems from removing the arc reactor, but the heavy metal shield ramming into his chest really cemented the fact that Tony was in a word, fucked.

Alternating sharp pains and dull aching eminated from where a glow used to sit, settling deep in his lungs and gradually weakening his breaths.

Two hours he had been stuck here, left by the man he'd thought was a friend. He knew from Friday's earlier scans that the Wakandan pussycat had also been present, which Tony decided to feel more angry about when he was slightly less close to a visit from the grim reaper.

Friday was programmed to send his co-ordinates to both Rhodey and Pepper the moment she lost contact with the suit, but Tony was an idiot and truly made sure he came alone. No GPS. No Friday. Nothing.

He wondered how long he would be dead before anyone found him.

When the third hour approached Tony started blacking out, weaving in and out of consciousness several times before he truly felt like he was slipping away. Tony knew he was on his way out when he heard faint footsteps. He was pretty sure hallucinating was not a good sign.

The footsteps stopped but Tony did not have the energy to force open his eyelids. He heard someone close to him, hot breath fanning against his visible ear.

"It was not you who was meant to die here today Mr Stark. Rest, I will help you."

With those accented words all faded to starry black.


Helmut Zemo was far from stupid.

When Rogers gained the upperhand, Zemo was fuming but practical. He abandoned his plans of joining his family at rest, and hid before the Wakandan vigilante could capture him. Zemo had underestimated Stark's compassion. He had hoped that Stark would kill Rogers and his pet assassin, but it was clear very quickly - Iron Man was pulling his punches.

Zemo had seen first hand the damage that metal suit could do, and if Stark had wanted both Rogers and Barnes would be dead within seconds.

He was not disappointed though. No, far from it. He had still caused irreparable damage to the farce of a team known as the Avengers, and the world saw them for what they truly were.

Now, hours later, Zemo felt it safe enough to return to the bunker. He had watched the Wakandan leave with both Rogers and Barnes, and assumed Stark had left on his own terms. Zemo knew he wouldn't have long before various governments started swarming, he needed to retrieve his recordings (The most vital part of his plan!) and dispose of the Winter Soldiers.

Zemo wanted to get his revenge, driven to madness by the loss of his family, but he did not want to watch the world burn. Leaving super soldier DNA lying around was a sure fire way to ignite that spark.

He walked slowly through the bunker, gun raised and ready for any surprises. He checked each room as he went, thoroughly searching each and every one. Zemo had already taken the liberty of pilfering through any remaining files on the busted up old servers of the bunker, saving anything noteworthy for himself before deleting it all.

He systematically made his way through the bunker, finally coming to a stop at the makeshift fighting ground. Zemo was surprised to see Rogers' shining blue, red, and silver shield lying by the entrance to the area, staring at it cotemplating for a moment before a gasping noise stole his attention.

There, towards the back wall of the room, was a giant hunk of metal. It was difficult to discern in the darkening light but Zemo could guess it was from the Iron Man suit. Rogers must've done more damage than he thought.

But if Stark had left by foot, he surely would've called others to him. The place should be buzzing by now.

Zemo stowed his gun and started towards the pile of metal - Bullets would do nothing against a stray repulser blast. He leant over to get a better look and held back his surprise.

This was not how he'd expected things to play out.

Zemo looked over the bloody mess of a face, the only human feature visible in the metal. What was once a handsome face now bore a broken nose and what looked like a fractured cheekbone, crimson slick in some places and flaking dry in others. If not for the suit and his trademark facial hair, Zemo would've seriously doubted this was even Stark.

He crouched low, curving a hand around the metal neckplates to check for a pul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Gamora/Peter Quill

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony-centric
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not A Fix-It
Not Canon Compliant
Slow Burn
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Mutant Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Gamora/Peter Quill

