Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Greyhound bus dropped Bucky in Salt Flat, TX, depositing him outside a tiny white stucco building labeled “Salt Flat Cafe” in crooked black letters. At a few minutes past noon, the temperature in mid-June sat right around 90 degrees. According to Bucky’s weather app, it would hit a hundred for the first time before the end of the following week.He hitched up his backpack and stepped inside the cafe. An older woman with gray hair thrown in a messy bun nodded at him, both hands gripping plates of burgers and fries. On her forearm, she balanced a piece of apple pie topped with ice cream.“Just have a seat wherever you like, darling,” she said, dropping the “g” on the end of the last word.“Actually, ma’am, I was hoping to use your phone first. Mine’s not picking up anything out here,” Bucky said. She unloaded the pie on the table closest to him, a large man in a baseball cap and flannel shirt pulling it close, fork in hand.“You just come in on the bus, young man?”“Yes ma’am. I was supposed to call my ride when I got close, but it didn’t exactly work out that way.”She looked Bucky over, then met his eyes, her own narrowing just so.“Phone’s right there next to the register. Help yourself, and then we’ll see about getting you something to eat,” she said, before heading toward the opposite side of the small dining room with the other two dishes.Bucky awkwardly moved behind the counter, picking up the phone and pulling up the number on his seemingly useless iPhone. It rang three times before there was an answer.“Hello,” Professor Wilson said, sounding exasperated.“Sir, it’s James Barnes. I made it to Salt Flat. Couldn’t get a call to go through on the bus.”“Shit. Alright. Yeah, just put that- No no, not there. Fuck. Hold on, Barnes.”Bucky held on. Muted voices spoke on the other end of the line, but he couldn’t make out anything beyond a few scattered words.“Still there, Barnes? It’s gonna be a good 40 minutes,” Dr. Wilson said.“No problem. I’ll grab something to eat.”“Cool, sounds li- no, no why would you even- Barnes, I gotta go.”The phone clicked, and Bucky sat it back on the receiver before slipping out from behind the counter. He nodded at the old woman and made his way to a booth far from the door, sliding into it and stuffing his backpack down between his feet.One club sandwich and order of french fries later, someone stepped up to the booth.“James Barnes?” a voice asked, rough and deep and-Bucky turned around and felt his soul straight-up vacate his body.The man who stood in front of him was not Professor Sam Wilson, Ph. D.. Then again, that was a given from the start. Bucky had been in Wilson’s class. He’d been awarded one of Wilson’s coveted field internships after a stellar semester. He’d sat in a chair in Wilson’s office while he personally congratulated Bucky on the gig. Wilson never would’ve needed to ask his name.This guy, he had never met. He definitely wouldn’t have forgotten it if he had. Shaggy dishwater blond hair run through with natural golden highlights, a thick brown beard, and a body like a Mack truck made out of ribeye.“Fuck me,” Bucky gasped.“Excuse me?”“Bucky,” he covered, cheeks warming. “Everyone calls me Bucky.”“Oh,” blond and beefy said. “I’m Dr. Rogers, but you can call me Steve.” And then he held out a hand with fingers so thick that Bucky’s inner monologue turned from actual words to pure gibberish—as though his thoughts were formed via some mental Macbook and his brain had just discovered the art of keysmashing.Asdlfjasfj!!!It took him a second to catch up with what the human steak-on-a-stick had actually said.“Wait, Dr. Steve Rogers. The Steve Rogers? You’re on this dig?” Bucky asked. “I’ve probably read most of your papers. And that article in Archeology Magazine.”“Wilson’s a friend. He asks me to be somewhere, I show up. Including here.” Steve looked around the small cafe, and for some reason Bucky felt self-conscious, as though he had any control over the environment. “He would’ve come for you himself, but the equipment movers are… Well, we’ll just call them ‘interesting’ and leave it at that.”Dr. Rogers smiled softly. Steve. God, how the fuck was Bucky supposed to call him Steve? Also, how had he never once seen a photo of that? He’d just assumed someone with that many published articles was some old white guy. Not some early to mid-30s hunk of sirloin who’d make the thirst centers of Bucky’s brain weep with want.“Shit, sorry,” Bucky said, finally catching up with reality in some way. “You’re probably ready to go.” He slid out of the booth and grabbed his backpack. He was suddenly very self-conscious of how he looked and probably smelled after two days of bus travel.God, why the fuck hadn’t he changed?Moot point. Dr. Rogers was never going to destroy him like a bag of Doritos after half a bottle of vodka. He probably wouldn’t even remember Bucky’s cut off sweat pants or the faded university tee shirt he’d been handed during Welcome Week his fresh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Beefy Steve Rogers
Age Difference
author knows fuck all about archeology
Dom/sub Undertones
Choking
Hair-pulling
gagging
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Excessive Thirst
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Praise Kink
Butt Plugs
Sugar Daddy Steve
Facials
Cock Warming
Dirty Talk
Butt plugs worn in public

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

