Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker was sixteen-years-old, young and fresh-faced and excited and basically just everything that Tony was scared of. So why he was sitting on a couch talking to May Parker then, was really beyond Tony – except that if he refused to come, or made excuses about being too busy, Coulson had made it clear that either he or someone else from SHIELD was going to have a chat with Peter.And the only thing worse than Tony being here to have this conversation would be unleashing Coulson on an unsuspecting teenager and his aunt. It was hard to say who’d come out of that the winner.“So you want to offer Peter an internship?” May asked, refilling his cup of coffee.Tony nodded. “That’s right. If you think that’s something he’d be interested in, of course.” He widened his eyes innocently, well aware that Peter was probably going to jump at the chance once Tony explained what the ‘internship’ really involved. “Absolutely!” May said, smiling. “Peter loves science and he talks about Stark Industries and Iron Man constantly. He’s always following the news about what you do, Mr. Stark. And his grades are top notch.” She picked up her coffee cup and sipped. “He’s even talked about wanting to get a scholarship to MIT.”“That’s an excellent school,” Tony said politely. He’d done his research on Peter Parker; he already knew everything that May was saying. But he was content to let her prattle on for several minutes, practically glowing as she talked about her nephew. It was blatantly obvious she was incredibly proud of him, and she didn’t even know that Peter was Spider-Man. She would probably combust from sheer pride if she knew… not that he was about to tell her. The door opened behind them and Peter walked in. The kid looked like a gaping fish as his wide eyes flicked between his aunt and Tony, and his eyes looked like they were going to fall out of his head when May mentioned an internship. Tony was having a hard time hiding his smile as he asked for a moment alone with Peter, which May gladly granted. A dumbfounded Peter led the way to his room and Tony followed, gently closing the door behind him. He activated an anti-eavesdropping barrier and then turned to Peter.“This is the coolest moment of my life,” Peter blurted out before Tony could say a word, and Tony laughed.“You only think that way because you don’t know what’s coming,” he said. “I know you’re Spider-Man.”The smile slid off of Peter’s face remarkably fast. His shoulders tensed and he darted a look at the window, then at the door behind Tony. It was obvious what his thought process was: he wanted to escape, but he also didn’t want to leave his innocent and defenseless aunt behind. Tony’s level of respect for the kid rose considerably and he smiled, stepping away from the door.“Relax, Kid. I’m not here to out you. I get the whole secret identity shtick. I really am here to offer you an internship… but a considerably more awesome one than what I’ve led your aunt to believe.”Peter’s eyes narrowed. “What do you mean?”“I want to teach you how to be a superhero,” Tony said. It sounded gimmicky and dumb, but clearly Peter didn’t think so judging by his dropped jaw. “SHIELD has been keeping tabs on Spider-Man for a while now. They’ve actually talked to me about approaching you, but I said I wanted to do it first. I’m not that great of a teacher, but I can promise that you’ll get way cooler toys if you hang out with me.”“Toys?” Peter asked, looking very interested, and Tony nodded.“Gadgets, maybe a new suit,” he said nonchalantly. He couldn’t have any kid superheroes running around in the equivalent of sweats. That just wasn’t on. “Obviously, you’re young. And I’d prefer that you wait until you’re of legal age to put yourself in danger –”“I can’t do that.” The excitement drained away, leaving something somber and hard behind. “I’ve seen what happens when people who have powers don’t do anything. Good people… innocent people… can get hurt. I don’t want that to happen to anyone else if I could’ve stopped it.”There was definitely a story there, though Tony knew better than to push for more details right now. “That’s fair. You’ll get training. We’ll experiment with your powers. Figure out what you can and can’t do, so you’ll have a more accurate idea of what you’re capable of if you ever went into battle. You’ll meet the other Avengers. You’ll have a team to call on when you need help, so you won’t have to go at it solo anymore.”“The other Avengers? You mean Captain America?” Peter asked.  Tony grimaced.“Uh, no. Cap is benched right now. I’m sure you’ve seen the news,” Tony said, as delicately as he could. It had been about a week since Wanda’s interview. He wouldn’t exactly say that the shit had hit the fan, because it could get so much worse, but the interview had definitely stirred things up.Wanda had been heavily criticized for her claims that Xavier’s Institute was like a prison. The Avengers team had come under fire for allowing Wanda out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Ignores Civil War
ignores infinity war
No Endgame Spoilers
talk of brainwashing
Talk of Mind Control
dealing with the after effects of mind control
Psychological issues
Therapy
author is not a therapist
Not Wanda Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
very wanda critical
wanda maximoff is a selfish bitch
tony stark is a good person
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Vision (Marvel) Feels
Tony Stark Feels
peter parker thinks tony stark is the coolest thing alive
peter parker really wants to be an avenger
hope van dyne as an avenger
scott lang as an avenger
sharon carter as an avenger
The New Avengers - Freeform
tony stark is just so tired
when will everyone stop piling their problems onto him
steve rogers needs a lesson in boundaries
steve rogers tries too hard
sam wilson is just done with the world
wanda maximoff is a sociopath
Divorce
talk of divorce
Angst and Feels
charles xavier may make a cameo appearance
stephen strange may make a cameo appearance
protection from mind control
Handwavy Science
handwavy pschology
Tags Subject to Change

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

