Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“It’s you.”For a moment, Tony seriously thought he’d hallucinated those two words. It would make sense if he had. The oxygen in the ship was very close to running out entirely. No matter how deeply or slowly he breathed, it felt as though his lungs weren’t getting enough air. And honestly, while he’d always thought he would hallucinate in his last moments, he’d figured it would be hallucinations of Pepper or Rhodey or even Peter.Not Loki.“Are you still alive?”Tony opened his eyes to stare at the god above him and then paused, shocked. Had he the breath to speak, he would’ve posed the same question to Loki. He’d never seen Loki in this poor a shape, not even following the Battle of New York. Loki literally didn’t even have the strength to stand on his own power; he was leaning heavily against the side of the ship, and his whole body was trembling. His clothing was ripped and torn and covered in blood. One of his arms hung at an odd angle.“Ah, a sign of life,” Loki murmured, and sank to his knees like he couldn’t stand any longer. He sat beside Tony for several seconds, head bowed. Perhaps he was dying too, Tony mused. It would be nice, after all this, to not die alone, even if it was Loki.His eyes drifted shut again, and he was on the verge of passing out when cold fingers touched his hand. Green light played across the insides of Tony’s eyelids. Magic, he realized slowly. It was nothing more than pure instinct to be alarmed when magic was involved at this point. Magic had never done anything good for him. Magic was pain and horrible nightmares and being forced to do things against his will.“Not all magic is like that.”Tony turned, surprised to find he could turn when he didn’t remember having the strength to sit up, to find Loki behind him. This version of Loki looked healthier, but was still a far cry from looking healthy. Tony crossed his arms over his chest and then promptly winced in pain at the movement. He might have been able to stand, wherever they were, but the stab wound in his side still throbbed and he thought it was probably infected.“Where are we?” he asked Loki. “What did you do?”“I’m using my magic so that we can speak mind to mind. Your body is still on the ship,” Loki replied, crossing his arms over his chest. “I don’t have the power to save you right now.”“As though you would with no strings attached even if you could?” Tony said skeptically.Loki actually smiled at that. “You’re smarter than my brother,” he observed. “I can save you, Stark.”“You just said you can’t,” Tony pointed out.“I said I don’t have the power to save you right now, which is the truth. But if you bond yourself with me, I will have ample power to transport the ship, and the both of us, back to Earth.”Tony stared at him, eyes narrowed. The casual way Loki had said that couldn’t mean anything good. “What do you mean by bond?”“I don’t have the time to explain it in full detail. It would require years of magical study for you to truly understand,” Loki said loftily.“Then give me the short version,” Tony said flatly. He was surprised when Loki sighed and acquiesced without further argument.“It’s rare, and I’ve never seen it done before,” he admitted. “But my… well, I have heard the stories. At its core, bonding weaves two souls together. I will be able to draw power from your soul, and you will act as an anchor to me. In return, your life span will match mine.” Loki paused and openly looked him over, then added, “You may also gain some other benefits, if it turns out that our souls are well matched.”“You want me to act as a battery for you? Hell no,” Tony said, scoffing. He’d had more than enough of being treated like a commodity. Stane, the Avengers… he was sick of it.Loki raised a hand. “Don’t be so quick to say no, Stark. You’re dying. I can’t save you; I’m close to dying as well, though my chances of survival are still considerably improved over yours.”Tony wasn’t so sure about that, but decided not to push that particular issue. He just shrugged. “Then why even bother?” “Because I want to kill Thanos,” Loki said, eyes blazing with sudden rage. “I’m sure you want to live long enough to do the same. And as I am, I’m not strong enough to take him down. I tried. He attacked the ship that Thor, Banner, Valkyrie and I were on, but the four of us combined plus the other Asgardians who tried to help weren’t enough to stop him. As I am, I’m not enough.” The admittance seemed to pain him.There were so many questions Tony wanted to ask. He’d heard, very briefly, from Bruce that the Asgardian ship had been attacked, but Bruce had neglected to mention that Loki had been there too. He also hadn’t said anything about Valkyrie, whoever that was. Then again, they hadn’t exactly had time for a leisurely conversation before Thanos’ minions had attached. But now wasn’t the time to get the full story, and besides that Tony was rather focused on another part of Loki’s words. Because the truth was, he really did ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
AU to Avengers Endgame
Soul Bond
Soulmates
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Nicknames
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
First Kiss
tony stark with magic
Magical Tony Stark
tony stark acts as loki's anchor
Powerful Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Lives
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
that's right MY SALT IS BACK
lets be honest it never died lmao
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
planning to stop thanos
Powerful Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Angst and Fluff
Angst and Fluff and Feels
Tags Subject to Change

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

