Chapter 1: Back For The Usual?
    




Chapter Text
You're quite contentedly replacing the various cakes, pastries and tarts that have been demolished by the hungry masses that populate the cafe in the morning and afternoon. Fortunately for you, being on the evening shifts means not having to deal with miniature hordes demanding grilled cheese sandwiches, cappucinos, 'the blueberry pie special' or calzones. Instead, you pretty much get paid six dollars for about five hours of serving a handful of relatively pleasant 'night owls' and insomniacs, so you have few complaints.But there is one particular customer who visits a few times a week, in the dusky evenings, who's caught your attention.None other than Steve Rogers, or more precisely-Captain America. The serum-boosted American hero and national icon, who's public image makes him out to be a paragon of justice, a courageous defender of the people with a personality sweeter than a pan au chocolat.So it's kind of odd to see this 'celebrity' stopping in at a cafe, like an average Joe, ordering his usual-two spicy chicken fajitas, coffee and a generous slice of chocolate cake. And of course, having been raised in the forties, he's always tremendously polite and gives you bashful smiles that melt your heart.You watch the minute hand on the clock closely, willing for it to hit twelve. Your favourite customer has a habit of turning up at exactly seven o' clock, on the particular days he decides to swing by.Sure enough, at seven, you hear the door being opened, and your head swivels round. The few customers there also peer up in curiosity. There he is, the familiar tall, muscular frame, with those attentive pastel blue eyes and the tidy crop of silky blond hair. He flashes you a shy smile when he notices you, prompting you to return the gesture with a dazzling smile. "Evening, [Your Name]. Hope you're well?" He asks you, in that gentle, deep timbre of his."I sure am. Thanks for asking. How are you keeping, Steve?" You respond warmly."I'm alright, thank you. Had to attend a routine meeting with the others at Stark Tower. In other words, I really could do with a coffee." He tells you with a tired huff of laughter."Coffee...and the usual, huh?" You inquire, already grabbing the two chicken fajitas to put in the sandwich press."Took the words right outta my mouth there, ma'am." He chuckles. You glance back at him over your shoulder, intrigued by the little throwback."Ma'am?" Your eyebrow quirks up, and you grin mischievously. Steve blushes."Oh. Sorry. I sorta forget sometimes..." He admits, rubbing the back of his neck."It's okay. It's cute." You tell him, turning around to retrieve the chocolate cake so you can cut him a sizeable slice. You notice the creamy pallor of his face is tinged with a distinctive hue of pink."Um...oh...that's-um-that's good. Right?" He seeks reassurance nervously. You carefully place the slice of cake onto a small plate, and simply look up at him with-what you imagine to be-fondness written all over your face."Yes, Steve. 'Cute' is a good thing." You say. After serving Steve, you subtly watch him take a seat and enjoy his food. He keeps peering out of the large window he's settled himself next to between bites of his fajita. You're attention is diverted by an elderly regular customer who's gotten a bad case of shakes, and spills her cup of tea on the floor."I'm sorry, [Your Name], the arthritis is acting up something awful today." She apologises earnestly, a folorn look in her eyes, as you go over and start mopping up the spilt drink from the floor."Aw, don't worry about it. When I've got this cleaned up, I'll bring you out another tea." You tell her kindly, wiping up the last of the liquid. When you get up to discard the cloth, you spot Steve staring at you, almost wistfully, his hands wrapped around his cup of coffee. After a few seconds, the super-soldier seems to realise you've caught him looking at you, and he averts his gaze abruptly.Interesting , you think, very interesting.When you set to making up a fresh cup of tea for the elderly lady, you start to speculate the meaning behind that gaze.Maybe he just zoned out? That happens to us all , you try and reason. Why would he look away so suddenly? You query yourself.Don't be stupid. He did that for the very reason of not giving you a misleading impression , you scold yourself, annoyed by this over-analysis of something perfectly ordinary.Come on, he's Captain America. Don't entertain any ideas there. He's sweet to you, end of , you resolve the internal debate. Again, you're momentarily distracted from your task of cleaning the equipment by the door opening. Two people walk in, none other than Bucky Barnes and Natasha Romanov, obviously intending to meet with Steve-who gives them a small wave of acknowledgement.Natasha makes her way straight over to Steve, whereas Bucky strides over to the counter to order for the both of them."Hey there, darlin'. Could I get two  black coffees and four ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
POV Second Person
Cake
Romance
Crushes
Fluff and Humor
Innuendo
Cutesy
Jealous Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Adorable Steve Rogers
Awkward Sexual Situations
Awkwardness
Blushing
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve is disturbed by the inter-nets

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

