Chapter 1: News
    


Summary:

"The identity of the teenager that has captured Tony Stark's attention has been revealed."





Chapter Text
The video opens to two people sitting in a news room. One a male, the other female. They are sitting at a desk, with many screens behind them showing various news clips, but without sound. "Alright, welcome back New York City!" the man says. "My name is James," "And I'm Sarah," the woman adds. "As most of you know, the billionaire Tony Stark has been seen around the city with a mysterious teenage boy. All photos taken of the two have been unable to capture this boy's face, keeping his identity a secret. But earlier today, an anonymous employee from Stark Industries released some previously confidential information. The identity of the teenager that has captured Tony Stark's attention has been revealed." "That's right," James nods. "Sixteen-year-old Peter Parker somehow secured a position as Tony Stark's personal intern, spending most afternoons after school at Stark Tower with Stark, his fiancee Pepper Potts, and various members of the Avenger's Team. Parker's relationship with Stark, however, quickly progressed past that of mentor/mentee, and has become more of a father/son relationship. The pair have been seen in many restaurants together, often accompanied by Ms Potts. The employee added that Mr. Parker has become very close with the rest of the team, as well, spending time in the labs with Dr. Bruce Banner, the training rooms with Natasha Romanoff and Steve Rogers, and likes to pull pranks on the rest of Stark Industries with Clint Barton.""No one from Stark Industries or the Avengers has yet to make any comment," Sarah continues. "We are still waiting to hear more. That is all the information we have on that today. We will share more as more comes to light." {cut}
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Original Female Character
Harley Keener/Ismay Jacques

freeform: 
Action
YouTube
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff
Family Fluff
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Peter and Tony make a youtube channel
eat it or wear it challenge
the team has one braincell
and Natasha is the only one who uses it
Pranks
Identity Reveal
Tony Stark is So Done
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Complete

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Original Female Character
Harley Keener/Ismay Jacques

