Chapter 1: Meet and Greet
    




Chapter Text
The first time you’d met the God of Mischief and Lies it had been in a fight. Strange and Thor had informed you all that Loki was back on earth and up to no good. That was all The Avengers needed to hear before they suited up and trekked off to capture the dark god. Somehow, probably because of your awful luck, you ended up in a one on one fight with Loki. He’d managed to blast Steve back into a troupe of his alien allies and you didn’t waste a second to take Steve’s place in the battle, springing onto Loki’s shoulders and wrapping your thighs around his neck just like Nat had taught you. “Normally, I’d introduce myself before we got this far but I’ll make an exception for you sweetheart.” You huffed as Loki tried to prise you off of him. “Stop flirting with the Alien psychopath who tried to conquer the planet!” Sam snapped at you through the comms. Loki grabbed the back of your tactical suit, fisting the tight material and literally dragging you of off him, throwing you several feet away. He slowly strutted over to you, sneering at you. “I was intrigued about the new members of the Avengers but I see they are just as pathetic as the originals.” He said cruelly. “I wouldn’t say that.” You smirked, like you knew something he didn’t. There was a brief second of confusion and suspicion from Loki before a shadow passed over him and he looked up too late as Sam swept down and kicked him in the chest, sending him sprawling on the ground next to you. You pointed a gun at him but he almost absentmindedly pushed your arm up, making you accidentally shoot at Sam. The bullet hit his wings and Sam swore loudly as he spiralled to the ground in a painful sounding crash. “Sorry sweetie!” You yelled.   Your attention was diverted and you only just managed to move your head out of the way before a knife was imbedded in the ground where your skull had been only half a second prior. “Harsh!” You told him, offended. He smirked and opened his mouth to make a biting remark but you leaned back on your elbows, putting your weight on them and pushing your legs up, twisting around in the air to kick Loki in the face. His head snapped back and a trickle of blood dripped from the corner of his mouth. “Harsh.” He rebutted and backhanded you. The blow was excruciating and sent you slamming back into the dirt, facedown this time. You pushed yourself up, ears still ringing as you desperately fumbled at your belt for a weapon, making pained noises. Loki wasn’t aware you could see his shadow on the ground in front of you, or that you had enhanced healing abilities. You saw the shadow of the knife in his hand as he plunged it towards your back. You twisted around, catching his wrist in mid thrust and snapping the cuff around it, simultaneously wrapping your legs around his waist so that your momentum carried you both to the ground, leaving him in the dirt this time and allowing you to snap the cuff on his other wrist. He looked down at his wrists and frowned when he obviously realised they were inhibiting his magic. You scoffed and he looked up at you, noting how remarkably unharmed you were. “You fooled me.” He said, sounding half annoyed, half, impressed. “Oh but woe is me, I am but a weak mortal woman.” You said dramatically, putting your hand to your forehead and swooning dramatically. “At least you can admit it.” He sneered. You pulled your hand away from your head and straightened up, throwing a concerned look at him. “Mischief, do you not know what sarcasm is?” You asked with faux worry. “Of course I do.” He hissed. “It’s ok to admit when you don’t know something, I won’t laugh at you.” You assured him kindly, though your expression was anything but. “I know what sarcasm is brat, and when I free myself from these bindings I assure you, I will laugh when I make you pay for daring to challenge me.” He said flatly. “Sounds kinky.” You sniggered. He grinned salaciously at you when he realised you were literally straddling him. “This is the second time in as many minutes that you have wrapped your legs around me. Is it possible that the Midgardians don’t hate me as much as I have been led to believe?” He asked with a wicked grin. “What can I say, you’re pretty, egotistical and an asshole. You’re just my type.” You quipped. Sam stomped over to you and you both looked up at him with innocent expressions. “Stop. Flirting. With. The. Homicidal. Maniac.” He demanded. “Make me.” You challenged as you stood up, pulling Loki to his feet. “So possessive, so controlling. Does it really bother you so much to see her fawn over me?” Loki taunted. “Speaking of fawning, Thor was right. He really did fall for your ‘charms’.” Sam said smugly, turning to you. Loki looked between the two of you, puzzling it out. “Aww come on Mischief, why did you think they gave me the magical handcuffs?” You asked him, flicking them pointedly. Thor hadn’t actually said anything like that, he had said Loki would underestimate yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Flirting
Fighting
Loki's not the good guy
He's not the bad guy either really
Reader is a sassy little shit
Loki is a sassmaster
Mischief aplenty
Reader does what she wants
Steve is a concerned parent
Kidnapping
Adventures In Space
Denial of Feelings
Reader is a slut for space
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Loki Needs a Hug
steve needs a drink
Thor wants to bang everybody's heads together
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
so much pining
the slowest of slow burns
Mutual Attraction
Eventual Smut
Smut

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader

