Work Text:
In case of emergency, Tony had once told her. After Afghanistan. Reluctantly. Like maybe he was already regretting his decision to start this conversation. At the time, Pepper hadn’t known what to do with that. At the time, she’d been sure that she would never resort to this.Now though.Now Tony’s in surgery for the second time in as many days. Now the doctors don’t know if he’s going to make it. Now—Pepper has spent the past four days scared out of her mind, her usually impeccable make-up beyond saving, barely keeping it together enough to type out a few necessary messages. It’s been four hours — four weeks, four years — and Pepper is so damn tired of being scared. Pressing the call button is easier than she thought it would be."Miss Potts," an achingly familiar voice greets her. Even over the phone, she can hear the sneer in his voice. "I’ve been expecting your call."*"Steve Rogers."Steve blinks up at the man sitting on the opposite end of the table (plastic, too light to do much damage). There’s no hurry — he’s been here for three weeks already, while the prosecution, the defense and the international community as a whole scrambled to catch up, and he’s gonna stay here for at least another two weeks, plus whatever sentence he’ll get stuck with, so really, Steve’s got nothing but time — and allows himself to slowly take the stranger in. This is by far not the first visitor Steve has received — lawyers, politicians, psychologists, a couple of doctors and even a few technicians with lie-detectors, Steve has seen them all. He’s been in and out of this grey, depressingly uninspiring visitation room ever since the Austrian special forces caught up with him on his way through Vienna.He hadn’t fought them then. (He didn’t need to.)The man has short, dark blonde hair and wears a fitted suit that Steve can tell has cost more that the ones of all his other visitors’ combined. It’s not the first sign that this man is different from the other people Steve’s been interrogated by — that would’ve been the way the stranger had entered the room in slow, measured steps, the kind Steve associates with Natasha when she wants to put on a show — but it is by far the most obvious one. Another one is the lack of paper.Every single visitor Steve has received so far has brought a bunch of files along. Some are forms he’d needed to sign — they’re very careful in everything they do, want, need to keep this trial entirely above board, to ensure that there’ll be no doubt, no cries of foul play in the aftermath, just like Natasha told him they would — some are incident reports, some are evaluations of Steve himself. Some are nothing more than blank pieces of paper, to note down Steve’s responses as though they aren’t all well-aware of the three separate security cameras that run at all times.This man is different. He hasn’t brought anything with him, not even a pen or a bottle of water. Just leans back in the uncomfortable plastic chair (bolted to the floor, just in case Steve gets free after all), looking as comfortable as you please. It’s fake — Steve has spent more time in these chairs than any of his visitors, he knows that these things aren’t designed for comfort, so it must be fake — but there’s no sign of it in the man’s body language that Steve can discern.The notion sits uncomfortably under Steve’s skin. Makes his fingers itch with the urge to thrum them against the table. Steve isn’t Natasha who reads motives in every word, isn’t Clint who sees plans and future actions in every muscle twitch, but he knows people. He understands people. It’s been a long time since Steve’s met someone this hard to read off the battlefield.But then, they aren’t exactly in neutral territory, are they?The man places his hands in front of him on the table, fingers loosely entwined in a mockery of Steve’s own position but without the reinforced hand-cuffs. It’s a power play, plain and simple, and Steve hates it a little that even after the past weeks, he’s still not entirely immune to them. No one is, Natasha’s voice whispers soothingly in the back of his mind. That’s what makes these techniques so effective, Steve. We like to imagine us above such petty manipulation, but the truth is, we aren’t. That’s what makes us human. The stranger shifts, the clunky, silver rings on his right hand clinking loudly against each other in the silence of the room. Steve’s glance flickers reflexively towards the skin-colored bands around the man’s wrists before he quickly averts his eyes. He’s still not used to those bands everyone seems to be wearing these days, like it will somehow change the names inked into their skin. If you can’t see them, they can’t touch you, and all that. Yet another deception, another lie that people tell themselves instead of facing their destiny head on. After all, what point is there to hide from the names that you can’t escape?The warden of this place even offered him make-up to hide names — since the bands aren’t allowed for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Everyone Has The Name Of Their Soulmate And Their Greatest Enemy On Their Wrists
soulmate AU with a twist
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
No Bashing (In My Opinion But Then I Am Biased)
not a fix it
Bitter Pepper
Vengeful Pepper
Vengeful Someone-Else
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And People Need To Stop Breaking It
Particularly His Names
Angst
Regret
NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS
There's Nothing Straight-Forward About Soulmates People
Bitter Sunday
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Smart Steve Rogers
Sadly Also Biased Steve Rogers
Not Necessarily Unreasonably So But Still
Interrogation
Mind Games
Bitterness
Bitter Author
In Which We Leave Justice In The Dust And Turn Straight Towards Good Old-Fashioned Revenge
Civil War Team Iron Man
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

