Work Text:
Darcy had always had a rather rocky relationship with gravity.  Ladders were not her friends, balance was not one of her inherent skills, and she had an unfortunate tendency to trip over air.  Once she was old enough to read, and understand, her soulmark, she resigned herself to a life of little accidents: You alright, ma’am?  That was quite a fall.Klutziness was so ingrained in her make-up that it had made it into her soul.  Joy.Her words were written in very cramped lettering, right in the crook of her left elbow, a placement she always wondered about, especially after she broke her right arm.  She managed to do it twice, in fact.  Once, in a game of Red Rover gone horribly wrong when she was eight, and again when she tripped over her extremely low, age-appropriate, first-and-last pair of heels at the Fall Formal her junior year.Upshot was that she became reasonably ambidextrous, mostly out of necessity.Still, her history was the reason for the (long, but arguably necessary) disclaimer she was in the middle of giving her aunt: “…so, really, I am all about being helpful around the house.  I will clean, I will cook, I will wash things, whatever, but it’s probably a good idea to find a few places to stash a couple of first aid kits around the house.”“So, what you’re saying is, you’re a walking disaster zone,” Aunt Jo said.“They’re very self-contained disasters?  No others are usually harmed in me making an ass of myself.”Jo chuckled, “I’m not all that worried about it, Darcy.  I might ask you to pitch in around the house a little, but I know you’re here to do the job-shadowing thing, and I expect that’ll take up most of your time.”  She shook her head, “First aid kits, huh?  I’ll see what I can do.  You just head on up to Dana’s old room and settle in.”“She won’t mind?”Her aunt snorted, already turning and heading further into the house, “She’s extending her ‘study abroad’ semester to a full year, she’s got no reason to mind.”Which…wasn’t technically an answer to her question, but she guessed it was enough.Darcy’s cousin Dana was sort of a linguistic nerd, a fact readily apparent in her decorative decisions: posters for all sorts of foreign films, scattered books in dozens of languages, and a stack of Rosetta Stone boxes almost as tall as the desk they sat next to.  She was a little sad that her cousin would, apparently, be completely missing her visit.  They had fun discussing their mutual interests in culture and sometimes politics when they were together, so it was a bit of a bummer.She dumped her bags on the bed and turned to look out the window.  Her aunt and uncle lived in a nice suburb of D.C. – close enough to the action that she could just make out the silhouettes of some of the big, important buildings, far enough away that they weren’t looming over the –
Who in the hell was THAT?
Just a little ways away, in the next yard, there was a guy - she was going to go out on a limb and assume he was one of the neighbors – prepping to go on a run.  He was tall, black man, broad-shouldered and fit, with hair cut military-short, wearing a sleeveless gray tee and a pair of shorts that were doing all sorts of interesting things while he stretched.Darcy was suddenly very happy Dana was out of town.  She was sure that there was no way the guest room could have as good a view.Sexy Running Man must have good instincts because he suddenly turned and looked right at her.  Darcy made a squeaking sound and jumped away from the window, out of sight, before realizing that he had probably just assumed she was Dana – they were about the same height, with similar hairstyles (‘long’ was totally a style) – and was being, you know, neighborly.  She was an idiot.“Smooth, Darcy, really smooth,” she muttered to herself, turning back to her bags to begin unpacking.  She wasn’t sure whether she ought to hope that her Aunt Jo was on good terms with Sexy Running Man, or that they were the sorts of neighbors who did the nod, smile, walk away thing.  “Job, you’re here to figure out what kind of a job you might want, after your contract is up with Jane,” she reminded herself, “this is a short interlude in your life, not the best time to take up dating.”Ogling, however, was totally an option – if it could be done subtly.Darcy didn’t stalk Sexy Running Man, that would imply that she was actively seeking him out.  She didn’t, she just sort of…paid attention if he was outside and she was outside, which, to be clear, didn’t happen all that often.  She was pretty busy shadowing various lower-level government employees through a program she was half-certain SHIELD had gotten her into (‘Pathways’ was a weird name that made her think of awkward meetings about her future plans with her high school counselor).  She had taken up some of her cousins’ chores, though, since her aunt and uncle were letting her live with them rent-free for six weeks while Jane was off on some world-tour of science, explaining all the ways she was right, and ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Darcy Lewis-centric
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Based on a Tumblr Post
Inspired by Tumblr
I Blame Tumblr

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson

