Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You think I should do what now?” The silence in the lab was enough to make Tony look up- to finally acknowledge Pepper, give her his full attention, because what the fuck? Pepper stood firm, maybe even a little hostile, as she eyed the company owner. She was stood right beside him, close enough that he could feel the heat radiating off her frame, her arms crossed across her chest.  
The Iron Man thruster in his hand he’d been working on, long forgotten as he stared at his CEO with bewilderment. The screwdriver fell from his limp right hand as he carefully set the thruster down beside it.  
“You heard me,” Pepper shook her head, exasperated by her boss. “I think it would be in your best interest to foster a child.” Tony turned to her, eyes trailing her body for any give away that she was joking- pulling his leg in some sort of sick practical joke. 
“My best interest?” Tony repeated, absently. His muscles stiffened and his relaxed working posture hunched over into one of anxiety and denial. “No. Nope. No way, sorry Pep. But it’s a solid no from me.” 
“Come on, Tony. Hear me out.” 
“Okay, fine. Shoot, Pep. Let’s hear it. How is that in my best interest?” 
“You and I both know that since that suit came into your life, you’ve holed yourself in this damned lab, worked countless hours, made countless suits- how many are you at? Mark twenty-six?” Pepper questioned, eyes narrow as she laid into him, CEO coming out strong. Tony slid his hand over the ‘Mark 38' engraving on the side of the thruster, as casually as he could. 
“I’ve noticed, Happy’s noticed, SI has noticed, the media has noticed, even your all loving fan base has noticed.” Pepper continued, eyes rolling at his attempt at casual, “you’ve been absent. You’re losing popularity. Sure, you’re Iron Man, but that doesn’t mean anything if you’re not the person everyone thinks you are under the suit.” 
“Well-” 
“No, Tony. I’m not done.” Pepper hissed, pushing forward into his space, “you need to pull something grand off if you want people on your side again, donate money, build wells in Africa, attend banquets, take in a child who has nothing for a few weeks.” Pepper continued, “and I know. I know your vendetta you have against having your own children. About how your father raised you- but this is the easiest way to build up your charitable side. Taking in an orphan who has nothing, giving them what they need.” 
It made sense. In a CEO kind of way. Make himself look good to the public eye. Show them he’s this sweet, caring guy who takes in young children who have nothing to their name. Show the world, Tony Stark has a heart. 
And it did seem pretty easy. 
“Okay, say I agree. You bring a snot nosed brat here. What do I have to do?” 
“You have to make it look believable. Take the kid to the park, out for ice cream. Have them come to a conference with you. Make it look like you love the child. They’ll eat that up.” Pepper said, “worse comes to worse, we hire a nanny or something for the kid while you’re not around. You won’t be devoted to the kid.” 
“Okay,” Tony breathed, his mind warning him of how much of a bad idea this was, “fine. I’ll foster a kid for a while.” 
“Perfect,” Pepper grinned, eyes bright as she turned. “I’ll make some calls, continue with your work.” 
Tony snorted as she left. How could he work after that bomb being tossed in his lap? What the hell was he supposed to do with some kid? This was going to be a mess. 
---- 
Pepper took everything into her own hands. They needed a kid- someone cute, that the media would eat up. Young, but not too young. Age was vital, they needed someone that could pull off the cute ‘let me sit in your lap’ but also sort of be able to fend for themselves when left alone.  
She scoured adoption agencies, foster families and anything relating to children needing to be fostered.  
There was a bunch of cute kids, aged seven to twelve. But she knew that they’d need something more. Tony couldn’t just take in any child. He did not have the personality for that.  
They needed, well, firstly a little boy. Girls were cute and all, but Tony would be far better off with a boy. Same dynamic and biology. Easier for a man like Tony. 
Secondly, the face. This kid had to be cute. Someone the world would fall in love with, and in turn the world would fall in love with Tony and his good deed as well.  
It didn’t take too long for Pepper to find a little boy. Absolutely perfect, just what she was looking for. 
She picked up the phone, dialing the number. 
“Hello, this is Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark Industries,” her voice was firm, but sweet at the same time, “I’m calling in regards of Peter Parker.” 
---- 
Peter had really been dealt a shit hand in life. He felt like he’d aged at least five years past his current eight years of age. 
It wasn’t fair. Really, it wasn’t. First, mom and dad. They’d been amazing. For the five years he’d known them. He missed them. He missed them a lot.  
Mom was amazing, cuddling up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Kid Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt/Comfort
Orphan Peter Parker
Foster Care
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Cute
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Publicity Stunt (at first)
Swearing
Tony Stark learning to be a dad
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Caring Tony Stark
Clingy Peter Parker
cute kid
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

