Work Text:
Tony is in Steve’s apartment because, really, it’s Tony’s apartment, and he can damn well make sure his tenants aren’t violating any health codes. Every dish is clean, dry and stacked neatly in cupboards.  (He might be going through Steve’s cupboards.  Technically, his cupboards.)All items of clothing are balled unobtrusively in the hamper or folded crisply in drawers.  (There’s a possibility he’s digging through Steve’s drawers.  He can’t actually make an argument that he owns the dresser.)So everything appears ship-shape on Steve’s floor; no health code violations here.  However, landlords should always be proactive about checking these things. “Tony, what purpose could you possibly have for being in my apartment?” Steve says when he catches Tony staring into his medicine cabinet.  Steve sounds more bemused than angry, so Tony goes for the truth.“Honestly?  I just wanted to see if you had any fun vices stashed away.  You know: porn under the mattress, online casinos in your browser history, expired medications lying around. That sort of thing.”  Steve blinks at him.“Tony, I haven’t even been unfrozen long enough for prescriptions to expire,” he says.And that got awkward fast. “Love what you’ve done with the place,” Tony tells him with a winning grin, but when Steve doesn’t instantly forget what they’d been talking about in the face of a compliment, Tony forges on.  “Seriously, that afghan?  Brilliant and a desperately needed pop of color in the living room.  If you like deep reds and bright oranges, that is.  And the fridge?  I’m diggin’ those magnets, where’d you get them?  You know how I feel about the industrial aesthetic.”Tony’s eyes search the living space desperately for more things to point out as he slowly backs away from Steve. Fuck it. He’s got nothing.“Damn, Cap, you actually don’t have a whole lot in here.”  He scans the blank walls.  “J.A.R.V.I.S., why is Cap’s apartment so depressingly barren of decoration and tchotchke?” “Captain Rogers has not attempted to decorate beyond the drawing taped to his bedroom wall.  Perhaps he has a healthy appreciation for minimalism,” J.A.R.V.I.S. tells him.  Damn, Tony’s inventions sure are sassy today.  First Dum-E bringing him a mug of dry coffee grounds and now this. Tony had (of course) noticed the drawing in Steve’s room, had even briefly scrutinized it to see if it contained any breasts or toilets or whatever weird shit is wont to show up in modern art.  The drawing is just of Bucky Barnes, Cap’s archetypally faithful (and, unfortunately, long-since splattered) sidekick from the war.  Tony had grown up with pictures and tales of Steve-and-Bucky; one more picture on Steve’s wall isn’t exactly earthshattering.  It’s expected and therefore boring. Tony escapes Steve’s totally unfair guilt-trip about respecting other people’s privacy and goes back to his lab.  He spends about fifteen minutes adding enough American flag-themed decorations to his Amazon cart to cover every wall and surface of Steve’s apartment, and then Pepper calls him, because she’s asked J.A.R.V.I.S. to tattle on him whenever Tony is attempting to make non-work-related purchases in excess of five grand. “No,” she says without preamble when Tony connects the call.  “Take all that stuff out of your cart.”“But Steve doesn’t know anything about physical space embellishment,” Tony whines.  Yes, Steve needs patriotic salt and pepper shakers, he decides.  “I’m trying to help him adjust to the new apartment and the new…well, life.” “Steve has enough stars and stripes in his uniform.  He doesn’t need to be assaulted with it in his down time, too,” Pepper states calmly. “I am affronted and aghast that you don’t think our national icon wants an American flag shower curtain,” Tony shoots back.  “Of course he wants a fucking American flag shower curtain.  He loves this shit.” “Did he say that, Tony?” is Pepper’s response.  “Did he actually say the words, 'I like decorating my living space with American-themed décor?'”“No, he didn’t technically say those words.”  Tony rolls his eyes at how literal Pepper can be sometimes.  “But babe, he needs this!  He doesn’t know a thing about surrounding oneself with happy things; his walls are barren and empty and very, very depressing.  I’m trying to do something nice for the guy!  I want him to like living here and like this century, by extension.” Tony’s practically whining at this point; doesn’t Pepper want Steve to have something besides a window overlooking the ruins of the Chitauri attack to look at?  Tony does, because Tony’s a good friend. “He doesn’t have anything on the walls?  Not even a clock?”  Pepper’s voice is softer now.  Tony is totally going to win this.“Not even a mind-numbingly boring landscape.  Nothing.  Completely bare.”  Then he remembers one small detail.  “Oh, except for this picture of Bucky Barnes that he drew and taped up.  I got him a picture frame to put that in, but I couldn’t really remember what size it was, so I actuall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon couples
Plus Clint/Natasha
Artifacts
Teamwork
Memorials
Rotating points of view
sad Steve
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

