Work Text:
Bucky Barnes had learned long, long ago that there was just about no way of talking Steve Rogers out of something when he’d set his mind to it. It was sometimes a quite endearing trait, which made Bucky smile, chest swelling with fierce pride as Steve stood his ground and did the right thing, the good thing. Other times it made Bucky want to groan and bury his face in his hands, muttering “Steve, no,” like it was going to make a blind bit of difference. Here in the bright new future that he’d somehow stumbled into, he was finding that it was mostly the latter, because most of Steve’s determined ideas involved getting Bucky to do things, apparently for his own good and emotional wellbeing.
Bucky was not a pushover and did hold a certain degree of immunity against Steve’s puppy dog eyes and the determined jut of his chin, so when Steve decided that Bucky needed to join the team - the whole team, the team of goddamn superheroes - for dinner, his initial response was a frank and flat ‘hell no.’ 
He then endured six weeks of casual suggestion, several motivational speeches, countless reassurances and one downright underhanded bit of emotional manipulation before he gave in and and agreed to join the team for one of their stupid dinners.  
He’d tried. He’d dug his heels in and tried, but the moment that Steve recruited Sam onto "team bully Bucky into doing dumb stuff because he thinks it’s a swell idea" his resolve started to crumble. It was an utter dick move on Steve’s part, mostly because Bucky liked Sam. He was just so rational and easy going and cool, and despite everything that had happened, he’d been nothing but accepting of Bucky. To Bucky’s alarm, he’d found that the jerk was almost as difficult to say no to as Steve was.
Not that he’d admit it to Steve, but he was nervous. He’d spent so long being a bad guy that the thought of rubbing shoulders with people who saved the world for a living made his stomach tighten and set his teeth on edge. He could easily imagine how they’d all feel about him encroaching on the time they spent as a team; they probably wouldn’t say anything outright if Steve was there, but he could anticipate the wary glances, the raised eyebrows, the frowns that said more than words ever could.
No. Bucky was not entirely convinced. Actually, he was not remotely convinced because aside from how he felt about the situation, he’d met the rest of the so-called team in separate encounters and was already pretty sure they were insane. Putting them all together in one room for any extended period of time seemed like a dumb idea at best.
And yet, Thursday night came around and he found himself standing in the middle of the communal floor with his hands shoved in his pockets, ignoring Steve on principle and staring at what he assumed was the table. He was guessing it was the table, anyway, because he couldn’t actually see it past the frankly staggering amount of food that was already set out.
His mouth was already watering. He didn’t think he’d seen so much food in once place since...well, since ever.
He stared at Steve, hoping for some sort of explanation, but Steve was just walking over towards the sink and looking completely relaxed, as if this sort of feast was an everyday occurrence. “Wash up, dig in,” he said easily to Bucky. “Have anything you like, but if you’re partial to anything in particular you better move quickly-”
“Move quickly? What, like you’re gonna run out or something?” Bucky asked skeptically. “Have you seen the amount of food here?”
"Is there pizza? Tell me there's pizza." Appearing from nowhere, Clint edged past Bucky and Bucky took an immediate and reflexive step back, wondering A) where the hell Clint had come from and B) how he’d gotten so close without Bucky noticing.
Bucky tensed and waited, but to his surprise, Clint didn’t so much as glance at him.  Instead, he made a beeline for the table, but only made a few steps before Steve grabbed him by the back of the shirt, stopping him in his tracks. “Wash up,” Steve said. “And no weapons at the table, you know the rule.”
“Aw, Cap,” Clint whined, but Steve seemed resolute.
“No weapons at the table. One rule, Clint.”
Clint groaned and began divesting himself of weapons: pistol, knives, taser, backup pistol, a brace of small throwing knives...That was an awful lot of weapons for a man who didn't even have any sleeves on his shirt. Bucky wasn't sure whether he should be approving or worried. Maybe both.
“Good choice, Legolas,” a voice said from behind them, and Bucky watched as Tony sauntered up, eyes on the phone in his hand and thumbs moving quickly over the keypad. “You heard Mama Rogers, no weapons at the dinner table.”
For the second time that evening, Bucky braced himself. Sure, Tony had been perfectly polite when Bucky had met him before - though he had expressed a worrying and potentially unhealthy level of interest in Bucky’s arm - but that didn’t mean that he would be cool with Bucky intruding on the team 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers Family
Bucky Barnes Feels
Fluff and Humor
Family Dinners
Team Bonding
POV Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

