Chapter 1: Peter
    




Chapter Text
“Mr. Stark!” Peter called as he exited the private elevator into the penthouse. “FRIDAY where’s Mr. Stark?”
“Welcome back MiniBoss. BigBoss is currently in lab 34. He wished that you meet him as soon as you arrived.” FRIDAY answered in her usual Irish lilt. Peter rolled his eyes at the nickname.
“Thank you FRIDAY. Can you tell him I'll be right there? I’m going to get a snack first.” Peter tossed his backpack on the couch and made a beeline for the kitchen.
“Of course. BigBoss also has M&Ms on him as well.” The AI said.
“Sweet, cheetos and M&Ms.” Peter mumbled happily under his breath, grabbing one of the many bags on family sized chips. He skipped to the main elevator and thanks FRIDAY as she took him to the proper floor. By the time the elevator had gone from the 93rd floor to the 34th, Peter had already made his way through half of the bag. When the elevator doors opened, Peter immediately heard the sound of muffled arguing. Anyone without super senses wouldn’t have been able to hear it. He waved to a handful of scientists through the glass windows that he knew from this floor, but he kept going toward the sounds of arguing. The door to the lab was shut and locked, but FRIDAY opened it with a simple announcement to the occupants. Tony, Bruce and another man that Peter had never met were arguing in front of two large screens crammed full of calculations. Tony nodded to him, but didn’t say anything, just watched as Peter studied the equations.
“I’m just saying that there is no way that this is a combination that can work. The math just doesn’t add up, no matter how much it should. I think we should move on to another element.” The man was telling Bruce. Bruce shook his head and also kept an eye on Peter, whose eyes were moving back and forth rapidly taking in the equation.
“There is no way that this element shouldn’t work. Something must be wrong with the calculations.” Tony retorted.
“There is no way that my-”
“Those coefficients are wrong.” Peter said abruptly.
“What?” Tony asked, a look of surprise crossing his face. The man whirled on Peter with his jaw dropping.
“The equation right in the middle there,” Peter gestured to the board before placing his cheetos on a table. He strode up to the board and picked up the pen. He carefully erased the coefficient numbers of four elements before writing new ones in. He made quick work of fixing the rest of the equation. “FRI please double check.”
“The element is a perfect match. MiniBoss’ math is correct.” FRIDAY announced. Peter swore she sounded smug. He turned back to Tony who automatically tossed him the bag of M&Ms. The scientist moved closer to Peter, inspecting the work he did. Peter immediately scurried away, coming to stand next to Tony. Bruce was turned to Peter, hiding a grin behind his hand. The scientist turned back, stunned.
“Well, I guess that solves our problem.” Tony chuckled and openly grinning at Peter.
“Who…?” The man started.
“Oh crap, sorry. Peter this is Dr.Dylan.” Tony said, still focused on Peter. Dr.Dylan stood up a bit straighter, sensing the power balance change.
“Lovely to meet you,” Dr. Dylan said formally. He didn’t offer his hand, but most people didn't when Tony was involved. Still didn’t do people handing him things, and that included hands.
“And you!” Peter said brightly. “What’s the project?”
“Oh well,” Dr. Dylan looked at Tony. There was no way this kid was allowed to know, regardless of the fact that he’d strolled in with fucking cheetos. When Tony didn’t say anything, Dr. Dylan launched into the explanation of his project. Peter followed him back toward the board and occasionally asked questions. Bruce took the empty spot next to Tony.
“Either we’re getting old, or…” He stared.
“Or that kids really fucking smart.” Tony grinned. “I got another one coming for the summer too. I have some big stuff and I want the two of them on it.”
“And?” Bruce raised an eyebrow.
“And…” Tony grumbled, his head bent and voice low enough for Peter not to hear. “I would like the two current heirs of my company to know each other, just in case.” Bruce’s eyes widened.
“Holy shit.” He said.
“I honestly think that their two brains could create something amazing.” Tony shrugged.
“Who is the other one?” Bruce asked.
“Kid i met in Tennessee after my house blew up, you remember? What was this five years ago? He’s seventeen now, but when he was twelve he helped fix my suit. I just hope they get along.” Tony explained. He looked back over and saw the mildly starstruck look in Dr.Dylan’s eyes. “Welp, there goes another one.” Bruce looked up and chuckled.
“They just can’t seem to resist him, and I have no doubt the other one will either. It’ll be fine. I have to go back to my own project. I’ll be on 83 if you need me. Peter, whenever you have a minute this weekend, can i get your opinion on some things?” Bruce said loudly, halting the conversation.
“Yeah of course Bruce. I’ll stop by.” Peter grinned at the man.
“Us too, k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Not your usual SI fieldstip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Not a slow build
Protective Natasha Romanov
Mamma Natasha Romanov
Natasha protects Peter
Because shes his spider mom
Harley Keener & Peter Parker Friendship
Harley Keener is a southern boi
Peter Parker Speaks Russian
Precious Peter Parker
Soft Peter Parker
Murder Child Peter Parker
Tony introduces his adopted sons
And theyre hella gay for each other
Confident Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
MJ is a tiny Pepper
Pepper Pots is Ironmom
Tony Stark is Irondad
Irondad
over use of pet names
over use of darlin'
Harley Keener would die for Peter Parker
No Smut
implied eventual sexual content

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

