Work Text:
Lab days are always fun, Peter thinks. Usually, he’ll visit Mr. Stark on the weekends, and they’ll work on his suit- or, if Mr. Stark is a bit busy, he’ll let Peter mess around with some things he’s dubbed “Spider-baby safe” and work on his own projects- and then, afterwards, they’ll order takeout and watch a movie.The first time they had a lab day, Peter was a bit stiff, not wanting to mess up in front of his mentor. After all, Tony didn’t have to take precious time out of his probably very busy schedule and hang out with some fifteen year old nerd. Now, though, after months of knowing Mr. Stark, countless spontaneous lab days, Peter feels comfortable around him. He doesn’t think twice, or at least think that hard over eating certain things in front of Mr. Stark- thanks to his anxiety, Peter worries if he’s an ugly eater, as if there is such a thing- or making jokes.And it seems that Mr. Stark has grown more comfortable too. They hug now- yes, they’ve gotten there- and he’s learned things about Mr. Stark he doubts many people know. Mr. Stark likes Beauty and the Beast, for one- or, he at least says, “If we have to watch baby movies, Underoos, I’d rather watch Beauty and the Beast instead of Cinderella,”Mr. Stark also prefers meat lovers pizza over Hawaiian, thinks black qualifies as a color- an argument they had for hours- and takes his coffee black. No sugar or anything.So, all in all, they’ve gotten pretty close. And, once or twice- not that either of them will admit it- they’ve slipped up and called each other “dad” or “son.” And Peter can’t help but think in his head, so absentmindedly that he doesn’t even think about it, “Oh, look, dad’s ordering Thai this time,” or, “I should ask dad if we ran out of Coke,”And maybe it’s this closeness, this bond that makes lab days and movie marathons seem like infinite stretches of time, that makes Tony suddenly hop up and whisper, “Shit,” in the middle of them watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine.Peter puts the bowl of popcorn they’d been eating down on the couch cushion next to him. “What’s wrong, Mr. Stark?”Tony doesn’t answer, though. “Fuck. This better not be- FRIDAY, is today the day when the rogues come-”“Yes, boss. They should be arriving in about three minutes.” FRIDAY responds, helpful as ever. “The rogues are coming?!” Peter’s eyes widen as he jumps off the couch. “Mr. Stark, I-I didn’t know that! Are we going to fight, or-”Tony groans, rubbing his temples. “We’re not, kid. They’ve been, uh, pardoned. They were coming over to talk living arrangements and that sort of thing, except I forgot that that was today, so,”“So they don’t know I’m here,” Peter says, still trying to put aside the fact that the people he’d literally fought in Germany were about to arrive.“No, they don’t.” Tony is about to say something else, when suddenly, FRIDAY speaks up again.“Boss, Steve Rogers has asked me to let you know that he and the others have arrived, and are coming up now.”Peter nearly chokes on his own saliva. “Oh my god, oh my god, they’re here, the- the rogue Avengers are here, what-do-we-do-Mr.-Stark-I’m-freaking out-”Tony puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder. “Listen, kid, it’ll be fine. Just go along with what I say. I’d send you home, but that seems pretty pointless since they’re already here.”Peter nods, albeit a bit nervously. “Okay Mr. Stark. I can do that.”It’s really more reassuring himself than his mentor.“And do me a favor, kid? Try not to let them figure out who you are.”Peter’s about to ask why, when the elevator dings. Simultaneously, they both turn to look, and it’s as if time has stopped when the rogues step in.Captain America seems to lead them all, in a crisp button down shirt, sunglasses and a baseball cap. As Peter sees the rest of them in similar ensembles- there’s Black Widow, Hawkeye, Falcon- he can’t help but wonder if they’ve been hiding from the paparazzi or something.He doesn’t see the guy who could shrink, though, or the dude with the metal arm. Or Scarlet Witch and Vision- those two he knows. In fact, a noticeable amount of Captain America’s team seems to be absent. Either way, it’s still intimidating.The energy in the room is immediately tense, and he sees Mr. Stark stiffen next to him. Finally, Captain America breaks the silence. “Tony. It’s, uh, good to see you. Who’s the kid next to you?”Tony just nods, not bothering to say it back. “This is my intern. He was just helping me out with a few things.”“Are those few things watching TV and eating popcorn?” Hawkeye mutters, earning a glare from Tony. “Yes, unless that’s a problem for you,” Tony says sarcastically. “Anyhow, I’ll just send him to the lab-”“He’s already here, though. He’s seen us.” Black Widow speaks up. “He could very well leak this to the public, and it’s not like we know him well enough to trust him.”Peter opens his mouth to say something, but Mr. Stark beats him to it. “My kid wouldn’t leak anything to the public, first and foremost. I know we’re waiting to announce everything
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

