Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony was twenty-three when his son was born. 

It was a smooth process that got over comparatively quickly, with a healthy baby boy and a weak, yet recovering mother. 

Which was what Tony’s henchmen had told him, he wasn't actually there. He was too busy running his father’s company, or fighting off a group of thugs, or sleeping with another woman/man. He didn't really remember.

Tony didn't want to be a father. The minute he found out that his hook up was pregnant, a random one night stand, he demanded that she terminate it. However, she was insistent that she wanted the baby, and she would accept it if he didn't want to be a part of their lives. Who was Tony to deny her that?

So, finally, after nine months, Tony’s child was born, and he couldn't care less. 

Not that he was completely heartless. During her pregnancy, Tony provided for all sorts of things, bought the mother books, clothes, went with her occasionally to gynecologist appointments (the only reason he did so was because she was uncomfortable having random guards in the medical room, watching her as the doctor examined and checked up parts of her that she didn't want them to see. Leaving the woman who was carrying the heir to the Stark industries alone was absolutely not allowed, so Tony went to the appointments instead, to give her a peace of mind) and he would deny that seeing the tiny fetus scan pop up on screen made his heart beat a bit faster. 

He had a plan. Once the baby was born, it and the mother were going to be sent away. New names, new identities, completely off the map so that they can stay safe. 

Because it's a known fact that anyone involved with the Stark's, the world’s richest and deadliest business family turned gang leaders, were not going to be safe.

 They had their henchmen who were the most desperate, will do anything for money, men and women out there willing to put their lives on the line, without asking questions. Of course, there were the people, professionals, who were closer to the Stark's, but only fools from rival gangs would even think of touching them. Not that they haven't tried. Only those truly desperate join such battles, and it's a common fact that their lives were as disposable as money. Over the years, the kill count of those involved was too large to keep track of, friend and foe alike. 

And at the center of it all, was Howard Stark. 

 Howard started off as a simple businessman, but soon realized that selling and dealing weapons in the black market was a more...fulfilling line of duty. From then on, he started his underground network, creating massive forces of destruction, weapon after weapon, millions after millions in his bank account. One of his clients, an Italian mob boss, was his favorite. The man was crazy over the guns, and luckily, had a really hot daughter. 

Fast forward nine months, and Tony was born. Turns out one night hook-ups run in the family. 

When you grow up as the son of a billionaire whose head is a target, you learn to fear the world and fight to stay alive. Tony’s childhood consisted of Howard's guards beating the shit out of him, being deprived of food for days, being dunked in water upside down all in the name of ‘endurance training’, so that if someone kidnapped him, he wouldn't give away all of the Stark industries secrets. 

Not that he knew anything anyway, especially as a child. But, Howard's paranoia was not unfounded. 

Tony remembered the first time someone tried to kill him. 

He was around five years old. His mother had taken him to a private park. Other kids and their parents might be used to get to Tony, so even him having friends of his age was out of the question. 

As it was private, there were a few staff members to help out Maria in whatever she needed. His mother looked at him fondly, as the two of them played together, creating sand castles. All the peace was suddenly disturbed when one of the waiters came forward, with a silver tray in hand, on top of which were balanced two drinks for them. 

It was thanks to Maria’s quick wit and observation, that she had realized just in time that the person wasn't one of their staff, and managed to subdue him before he stabbed Tony with the knife he had hid inside his sleeve. Ever since then, protection around Tony increased drastically, as well as his training. 

Fast forward to eighteen years later, Maria was waiting by his room, her back on the wall as she leaned against it. She looked tired, a solemn expression on her face as she stared at the floor. Maria was a lover, not a fighter. This kind of life did not belong to someone as lovely as she was and Tony had always cursed his father for getting her involved in the first place.

“Mother.” Tony had said, announcing his arrival. She looked up, a sudden brightness in her eyes as she saw him, “Tony,” she gasped, as she walked towards him, arms stretched out, she pulled him in for a hug, “Oh, congratulations darling.”

“Thanks.” he had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Villain Tony Stark
or rather
Tony is an Anti-Hero
anti-hero ironman
Precious Peter Parker
Sassy Peter
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kid Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
hes just doing his best
and everyone loves him for it
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
spiderman - Freeform
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Heavy Angst
Character Death
Minor Character Death
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Asexual Character
Aromantic
Coming Out

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

