Work Text:
“Look out!”And Tony looked, but that was about all he had time to do. It was an iron girder, ironically, that was heading straight for him, carrying a good chunk of the building with it. They would attack at the one business meeting that promised to be so boring he didn’t bother bringing the suit, wouldn’t they?As it was, he was in a dark blue suit, Armani, not of his own design and not reinforced with a titanium alloy.It was lucky Captain America had been passing by - not just Steve Rogers, but full-on Cap-in-costume, battle-ready and patriotically pissed as only Steve could so stoically be.It was a bit unlucky that by the time he’d shouted a warning, it was too late for Tony to move.Suddenly Tony felt the floor almost force its way through his back as he landed on it, and the force of the girder - his lungs seemed to vanish, and he thought this is it; but then he opened his eyes, and after a few moments and a very pained noise, he could breathe again, and see again - or at least, he could if it weren't for the clouds of yellow-white dust.That’s when he realized Steve was lying on top of him, wincing, arms braced either side of Tony’s waist, breathing hard, with something like half a building on his back.Tony let his eyes roll back and close as he struggled for air. “Boy,” he managed, “Am I glad for your reflexes.”“Yep,” Steve said, sounding winded - which was a first, as far as Tony was aware.His chest was right against Tony’s, and felt about a mile wide; he was so close, Tony could see the sweat on his neck. “Uh, you got this?”“Yeah,” Steve breathed. “Yeah. I got this…”He gave a strained grunt, tilting his head back and gritting his teeth, before blowing out his breath. “Nope. I don’t got this.” He shook his head, blew out another breath and tried again.Tony, who was virtually a human starfish at this point, just sort of looked at the lack-of-a-ceiling, feeling about as useful as a single beech leaf. “Uh, any luck?”“I can hold it,” Steve said. His breathing was a little straighter, now. “But I don’t think I can shift it.” He shook his head hard. “Its weight’s not on me. It’s propped up on that pile over there. But I can’t…I just can’t seem to budge an inch,” he said, and Tony could well believe that - Steve’s thigh was right between his legs and they felt utterly pinned into place.“Well,” Tony said. Steve was looking down at the ground; he could almost count his eyelashes. Was that a weird thought? He’d have to ask JARVIS later. “No sweat. The Hulk’ll swing by soon enough. He’ll get it off in seconds.”“Yeah,” Steve said quietly, in the sort of absent tone that suggested he would have said “Yeah” to “I’ll just turn into a ferret and squirm away; it’s all good.”Tony cleared his throat, eyes flicking between Steve and the bright blue patch of sky that took up most of what used to be the roof. “Well, thanks for saving my life, and all that.”“Hey,” Steve said, “Don’t mention it.” He stared at a patch of rubble by Tony’s arm.Tony tilted his head, watching Steve refuse to meet his eye. “Anyway, he should find us any minute,” he continued.Steve nodded, frowned, cleared his throat lightly. “Yeah.” He licked his lips and cleared his throat again. “Excuse me.”“What?” Tony huffed a soft laugh through his nose. “Are you apologizing for lying on top of me? Because I’d be pretty dead if you weren’t. Believe me, I couldn’t be more happy that you’re lying on top of me right now.”“Er,” Steve said, “Shit.”Tony tilted his head again. “…Are you kidding me? Since when did you curse?”Steve closed his eyes tight and bowed his head towards his chest. His cheeks were pink - another thing that just might have been a first - and growing steadily darker.Tony shook his head in disbelief, an odd sense of panic fluttering in his stomach. “Cap?”Steve exhaled miserably through his nose, and that was when a third first emerged. Tony couldn’t say from experience, but that felt a hell of a lot like an erection pressed against his thigh - whatever it was, it wasn’t small.“Uh.” Tony panicked, rifling through a mental list of smooth ways to react in a ‘situation’. “You brought a gun?”Steve snorted softly. “Would you believe me if I said yes?” he muttered.Tony couldn’t help smiling; now that was not a smooth way for him to react.“I’m really sorry,” Steve said quickly, frowning deeply and biting his lip, still turned away.“What? Hey,” Tony said. “Don’t worry about it. Shit happens, right? This is probably just the serum or something. Keeps you young, you lucky bastard. No, no worries. It’s nothing.”“Yeah,” Steve said softly. “…Well, no. Actually. Not exactly. Not exactly nothing.”Tony tilted his head. Not the most imaginative response, but his movement was somewhat limited to the neck up. He licked his dry lips and tried not to wonder what exactly Cap had just said. “Can you…move? At all?”Steve shook his head. “I’m sorry,” he said again, like he’d run over Tony’s cat or something.“Jeez, Cap,” Tony said. “It’s not the end of the world. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
lip-biting
Biting
Bi-Curiosity
Bisexuality
Internalized Homophobia
First Kiss
lots of
French Kissing
Accidental Bondage
Public Sex
Coming In Pants
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Coitus Interruptus
Sexuality Crisis
Awkward Boners
Explicit Language
really now Tony.
Top Tony
well Steve's the one literally on top
but he likes to be able to take control even if he's taking something else
some tags apply to chapter two
Like
Anal Sex
First Time
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
awkward breakfast with clint
and footsie
Awkward Sexual Situations
Intercrural Sex
man I hate unsexy terms for something glorious
like people desperately grinding their hyperaroused bodies together.
I mean
Frottage
seriously
Blow Jobs
Spanking
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

