Chapter 1: not as the calm heart knows
    




Chapter Text
Before his injury, Tony had been a fast, intuitive flier: agile in the air, as those of his wingshape usually were; able to tumble and swoop, convert height to speed and speed to lift and somehow always come out on top.
That was how he referred to it; not 'abduction' or 'captivity' or 'maiming' but injury, the most neutral word possible. Though Steve had never, not once, heard him call it an accident.

_______
The metal plates were larger than feathers, though they slid over each other in a similar way; light and flexible and ever-so-slightly sandpaper-rough on the trailing edges. And sharp enough to cut, as Steve discovered when he was allowed to touch for the first time.
He didn't say anything, just stuck his finger in his mouth and half-spread his own wings wider, mantling to shield Tony from view. Tony was holding still, but that wouldn't last. He was right when he said they needed to be out of here five minutes ago. Steve kept his touch light and impersonal, tracing the sweep of metal and carbon fiber all the way back to where it turned to harness fitted to the heavily muscled stubs of Tony's natural wings.
"Found it. There's a lengthwise crack in the underside of this strut here, feels like ricochet damage. Don't think it'll break, but it's mushy, it'll bend." Tony stuck his hand back, and Steve grabbed it and set it on the problem.
"Oh... Yeah, that's..." Tony drew himself in further and scrabbled at something with his other hand; when he passed a leather shoelace back a few seconds later Steve realized he'd taken it off. "You know the constrictor knot, Cap? Doesn't matter, you get the idea: strongest knot you know, tight as you can. Start at this end of the crack," he pinched the tip of it closer to his body, "and tie one every inch or so until you run out of cord."
It was a laughably small thing to lay Tony's life on, but they didn't have time to argue. Steve did as he was told. The twisty grating-floored corridors looked all alike no matter how far they got from the cells, and a few minutes later they still hadn't found an exit, despite the slow swoop in his stomach that told him the zeppelin had lost another thousand feet. Tony didn't have to tell him with that maniacally elated look in his eye that a HYDRA airship was a bad place to be especially right now--Steve wholeheartedly agreed--but somehow they ended up arguing anyway, when Tony darted half-shod ahead of him and took a bullet on his wings again.
"I'm not fixing you again!" Steve yelled. The spang sound of the ricochet together with Tony's grunt of impact was way too distinctive for his peace of mind.
"You heard nothing! Nothing happened!" Tony yelled back, breathing hard. "I'm just gonna...take this gun off this guy who won't be needing it anymore..."
The three dark-uniformed goons Steve was pinning down at the far end of the corridor got sudden overwhelming reinforcements.
"Besides, Cap, don't get ruffled, I have a whole 'nother shoela-ACE!" Tony yelped as Steve bowled into him, got the engineer's midriff settled on his shoulder, and upped his speed.
Tony spluttered on feathers and lifted his own wings out of the way, covering Steve's back. The muscles of his stomach and chest tensed under his silk shirt as he braced an elbow between Steve's wings and--BAM! BAM!--used the gun he'd taken. Steve winced at the sharp noise and skittered into a hard left, snapping one wing out to help corner and leaving a bootprint five feet up on the wall.
There, up ahead finally, a hatch that had to lead to the outside. A soldier was just coming through it, his feathers windblown. Steve let off a burst of machine gun fire and the soldier either dodged or fell right back out, the hatch swinging open. "Tuck in!" Steve yelled, and launched them out into the cool night air.
They tumbled for a hundred feet or so in the eerie windswept silence of freefall. Tony's grip tightened warningly, but Steve remembered the dangerous edges of his wings and stayed tucked tight while Tony reached back and adjusted something, first on his damaged wing and then the other. Then Tony gathered himself and kicked off hard, and the whole sky lit brighter than day above them as part of the zeppelin blew up.
They both flipped on their backs in reflex; Steve wasn't sure, but he thought he heard Tony whooping. More parts of the zeppelin blew up, which he watched with a sense of regret. They hadn't found his shield or Tony's palm repulsors; more than likely, they were still somewhere on the vessel meeting its end in fire up there. It was lighting up the nearby cloud-towers like sunset, but the sharp-edged shadows the clouds cast on each other at crazy outlandish angles layered the whole scene in surreality. He wanted to look longer, try and memorize the colors against the deep velvet blue of the night sky, but he could make out debris falling their way and some of it would catch up to them quickly. He turned back over in time t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Wingfic
Alternate Universe - Wings
Hurt Tony Stark
Amputation
Disability
Prosthesis
Animal Instincts
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom/sub displays
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Grooming
Mild Blood
Concussions
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Cuddling & Snuggling
Eventual Smut
Wingflirting
Ill-advised medical procedure
Body Modification
Relationship Negotiation
Physical Therapy
Physical Therapy Negotiation
Grappling Aftercare
Identity Porn
Nesting
Action
Rescue
yucky alien cocoons
Hurt Steve Rogers
Power Dynamics
Power Imbalance
Power Exchange
Switching
Role Reversal
moar nesting
Wingporn FINALLY
bottom!Steve
(Temporarily)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

