Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was furious. Blindingly, breathtakingly angry.“It took you twelve hours to call me?” he said, deliberately keeping his voice low. He didn’t want to be the asshole screaming in a hospital wing, ten feet from his kid’s surgical suite, but if he didn’t get some answers soon, he was going to be. “Twelve hours from the time Norman fucking Osborn got his hands on him, and you didn’t call me?”Sam and Bucky at least had the good grace to look uncomfortable, but Rhodey didn’t even blink. “There was nothing you could’ve done that we weren’t already doing,” Rhodey said calmly. “And you’re retired, Tones. This isn’t your job anymore.”“Are you fucking—okay.” Tony stopped and took a deep breath, holding his hand up. “Let’s get something straight right now. When it comes to Peter, it is always my job. Until I am physically incapable of putting on the suit, it will be my job. You got that?”Rhodey looked like he wanted to argue, but in the end he just nodded. “Noted.”“Thank you.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “And thank you, all of you, for getting him out.”“Of course, man,” Sam said, visibly relaxing just a fraction. “I hope you left a trail of chaos and destruction,” Tony said, looking mostly at Bucky. “Oh yeah,” he said, smiling grimly. “Got it all on video, too. Thought I’d set it to music and give it to the kid. Might be cathartic.”Tony managed a smile. “He’d like that.” He buried his face in his hands briefly, trying to pull himself together. He hadn’t yet been able to bring himself to look through the viewing window to the room where Bruce and Helen were putting Peter back together. Rhodey said something quietly that Tony couldn’t make out to Sam and Bucky, and the two of them left. Rhodey took Tony by the arm and steered him over to a bank of chairs. “Deep breath, Tones,” Rhodey said, a steadying hand between Tony’s shoulder blades. “You heard Helen. Peter’s going to be fine.”Tony took his glasses off and let them dangle from his fingers. “I need you to tell me what you saw. What that asshole did to him.”“Helen and Bruce—”“Will give me a list of physical injuries. But you know that’s not everything. I need to know—” Tony swallowed. “I need to know—I need to be prepared for the rest.”Rhodey sighed. “This is just going to give you nightmares.” Tony glared at him stubbornly, and Rhodey sighed again, this time in acquiescence. He put his hand on Tony’s wrist, squeezed once, and left it there. “He was strapped to a table at a forty-five degree angle. There were marks all over his body, some fresh and some almost healed. He had compound fractures in both legs, and it looked like the skin and muscle had started to knit back together around the exposed bone. I think that’s most of what Helen and Bruce are working on in there.”Tony felt bile rise in his throat. He swallowed. “What else?”“He was conscious but out of it. We thought at first that it was a head injury—he had two black eyes and a goose egg on the back of his head, probably from when they took him—but then we realized he’d been drugged. He was pretty... disoriented. They’d left a lot of shit lying around, so Sam grabbed as much of it as he could.”Tony frowned at him. “What do you mean by ‘disoriented’?”Rhodey squeezed his wrist again. “He didn’t recognize Sam and Bucky and kept fighting them, but he was too weak to do a lot of damage. I finally put my faceplate up and he recognized me. He let us help him after that, thank God. But he was still really woozy and sick. He puked twice on our way out.”“Jesus,” Tony said. His phone buzzed and he glanced at it. Happy was letting him know that he and May would be there in about an hour. Kid’s still in surgery, he wrote back to him. But he’s stable. Drive safe.Always do, boss, Happy replied. Tony put the phone away. “Happy and May are on their way,” he reported.Rhodey nodded. “That’s good. Pepper’s at the house with Morgan?”“Yeah. We didn’t think it’d be good for her to be here, especially if they have a hard time getting his pain under control. She’s never seen him... like this before.”Tony couldn’t bring himself to use the word tortured, even though that was the right description. Peter hadn’t been injured in a fight. He’d been strapped to a table and deliberately hurt, because Norman Osborn was a sadistic son of a bitch with an unhealthy fascination with Tony’s kid. A fascination that was about to get exponentially more unhealthy for him. “There is one more thing, Tones,” Rhodey said, watching him.Oh God, Tony thought wearily. “What is it? Just tell me.”“He thought you were dead.”Tony blinked. “What?”“He thought—he was utterly convinced—that you were dead. I was carrying him out, and he was kind of panicking, so I started telling him I was taking him to see you, that you’d meet us at the compound. Only instead of calming down, that freaked him out even more, and he started accusing me of lying to him, saying that you were dead and he knew you were dead, and begging me to stop lying t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Sleepy Cuddles
Platonic Cuddling
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Caretaking
Aftermath of Torture
Multiverse
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
But also
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Irondad Bingo 2019
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

