Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
It’s a week before Bucky’s able to negotiate with his boss for enough omega leave to care for Steve at home. But Brock’s had a new omega before too, so he gets it. He tells Bucky he can have eight days, then claps him on the shoulder at the end of his Friday shift and wishes him good luck. “Let me know if you need any pointers,” he tells him. “Mine used to give me a run for my money, before I got her sorted out.” 
Bucky’s not so sure he won’t take him up on the offer, especially when he gets back to the detention center and is reminded of just how out of control his new omega is. The poor thing is putting up a huge fuss as two betas in scrubs drag him into the room. Bucky’s heart leaps, immediately wanting to go over and calm him. But it’s not time yet. There are things to do.
The little guy’s eyes flare wide when he sees Bucky, and for a second he stops struggling in the orderlies’ arms. He stares at Bucky. “You,” he breathes, looking—and smelling—absolutely shocked.
Bucky grins at him. “What, kid? You think I was gonna leave you here? Think I bit you for nothing?” His eyes flick to the mating bite he’d given him only days ago. Eric had sounded extremely relieved, when he’d called Bucky to tell him the bond had taken. He’s all yours he’d said. Bucky had made plans to pick up next day. “Gonna take you home with me,” Bucky tells him. “You’re mine from here on out.”
Steve’s features bleed into pure rage, and he’s back to snarling and yelling and tugging wildly against the orderlies’ arms. It’s fruitless of course, but endearing nonetheless. Bucky smiles fondly at it. 
“You fucking son of a bitch!” Steve is spitting out, furious. His face is going red, poor thing, and Bucky feels a twinge of guilt for having smiled. He knows he shouldn’t be encouraging it. 
“Calm down, sweetheart,” he says. “It’s gonna be okay.”
Steve just keeps cursing at him and struggling in the orderlies’ hold. One of them reaches to pinch at the back of Steve’s neck, but unlike at Bucky’s last visit, it has little to no effect. Bucky snorts. “Thanks for the effort, fellas, but I bonded him last week.” From here on out, Bucky’s Voice and Hold will be the only ones to have any effect on the omega.
The orderly who’d tried to Hold Steve winces at Bucky. “Shit man, good luck with that.”
“Thanks,” Bucky says dryly.
“Pig!” Steve shouts. “I’m gonna fucking kill you in your sleep, you know that? I’m gonna—”
One of the orderlies grips Steve’s jaw, cutting off his threats and shoving the rubber of a gag between his teeth. Steve grunts and yells, but it’s ineffective. The gag gets buckled in the back. The orderly flicks his eyes up at Bucky, eyebrows raised as if to say, Damn, buddy, better you than me.
It’s then that the director comes in. He’s holding a Starkpad and he’s dressed in street clothes today, a lab coat hastily thrown over everything else. Bucky figures he’s come in on the weekend just for this. It makes the edges of his lips curl up. They must want to get rid of this one bad.
“Glad you decided to come back,” the director says, coming over to shake Bucky’s hand. “We’ve got a few details for transport, but then he’s all yours.”
“Great,” Bucky says. “How’s he been, since I was here?”
The director huffs, bringing the tablet around and tapping on its screen. “He was good for the first thirty-six hours or so. Went docile from the bite.”
Bucky hums, pleased. “That’s good,” he says.
“Yeah well that ended late Wednesday,” the director says, and Bucky winces. The director sees this and nods. “He’s been a handful ever since. Not that he isn’t usually, but…”
“It’s been awful,” the orderly says, the other one nodding in agreement. “So fucking glad you decided to take him.”
Bucky shrugs. “I like him.”
Between the orderlies’ arms, Steve starts growling again, making useless sounds that would surely be death threats, if they could form words. “Shh,” Bucky says, even though it has no effect on the little guy. He turns back to the director, who’s telling him,
“You’ve got a few options here. We can sedate for transport, or—”
“I think that’s a good idea,” Bucky interrupts. “Do it.”
“Okay.” The director taps the stylus against the screen of the tablet. “We use a barb-benzo combination. You okay with that?”
Bucky frowns. “I dunno doc. I didn’t go to any fancy medical school. Is it safe?”
The man nods. “We’ve never had any issues. It’s a small-enough dose. Just enough to keep him docile for transport, possibly into the evening, though with this one I wouldn’t be surprised if he burned right through it.” He spares Steve a glance where he’s already started up a new round of muffled curses—likely at hearing what they’re discussing. “The Pentothal that’s in it; it acts as a sort of truth serum.” Bucky raises an eyebrow but says nothing. “You could probably ungag him when it’s in full-effect, try and have some sort of useful conversation.” The director shrugs. “But it’s up to you.”
“Thanks for the advice,” Bucky says. He looks ove
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Dark
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Breeding
Restraints
Bondage
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Bondage
Knotting
Sexism
Forced Bonding
Non-Consensual Spanking
Cock Cages
Medical Procedures
Collars
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shameless Smut
My mind is filth and I blame yasgorl
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Domestic Discipline
Figging
references to castration
Dom/sub Undertones
Size Kink
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Denial
Caning
Enemas
Dehumanization
(In The Most Loving Way Possible??)
Humiliation
NOT HYDRA trash
Sybian
Brainwashing
Conditioning
Nesting
Castration
Mpreg
Forced Feminization
Non-Consensual Body Modification

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

