Work Text:

After Peter got away from the kidnappers, he was fortunately spared being asked too many questions in favor of movie night, but the next day he wasn’t so lucky. Steve had ambushed him during breakfast, and his abrupt and not-at-all subtle question of “so how did your dad find out about Spider-man?” almost made him choke on his pancake.


He’d gotten out of that by saying he would tell him later but he needed to get ready for school.


Then on the elevator Clint was the one who found him, asking him about how Tony felt about his vigilante activities. “He must be pretty accepting considering he took you to Germany.”


“Well,” Peter shrugged, “he’s told me I’m the reason he has gray hairs, but if you ask me, I’d say he had them long before I ever became Spider-man.”


Clint snorted and let him go to school without much fuss.


Peter was actively avoiding the rest of the Rogues until he could work out more things with his dad about their cover, but he’s honestly debating if they should just tell them about their fake biological relation. Natasha must have already figured it out, and maybe even Clint did too considering he was also a trained spy.


Despite his efforts, he was still found by Natasha and Sam.


Needless to say, Peter wasn’t having the best of days when he got to school. 


“Peter! Man, did you say you got kidnapped?!” Ned finds him instantly, his face both worried and excited. “Dude, that must have been 

insane.

”


“Good to see you too, Ned. And, eh, it was pretty anti-climatic after the first time. Did you say you got the new Lego set this weekend?” 


“

Anti-climatic?

 Your life is so weird. And I did! It’s so cool, you’ve gotta come over—”


Suddenly, Peter’s spidey-sense goes off, and it takes everything in him not to jump over the foot now sticking out in front of him. Gritting his teeth, Peter lets himself stumble over Flash’s leg.


“Woah! Watch where you’re going, 

Penis.

 You’re going to love the field trip we’re going on soon.” Flash taunts, and Peter just rolls his eyes, prepared to keep going. “I chose the place myself. That’s the kind of power you have when you have 

parents

 that help fund the school.”


That causes Peter to tense up, and Ned looks over at him worriedly. 

I do have parents,

 he wanted to snap. 

And they own the biggest tech company on Earth.

 But May had always told him not to let bullies get what they want, so Peter squared his shoulders and kept walking.


“Eugene, keep up the attitude and we’ll see how much money mommy and daddy have to pay to keep you on the Decathlon team.” MJ says disinterestedly, walking over to him and Ned. Peter lets a small smile form on his face at Flash’s sputtering.


“MJ, you’re like. The coolest.” Ned fawns.


“I know.”


“What field trip was Flash talking about?” Peter questions. He didn’t remember anything about it.


The three walk into their Literature class together, placing their things down before MJ answers him. “AcaDeca was allowed a field trip wherever we wanted because of our win at Nationals, so long as it was within nearby states. Flash is exaggerating; the location was chosen by Mr. Harrington, Flash just happened to want to go there too.”


Before Peter could ask exactly 

where

 the location was, the teacher began the lesson. 

Well, we have a meeting later today, I’ll just find out then.



The rest of the day went by in a blur, and by the end of it he had a headache. Too many noises, too many lights. He just wanted to go home and curl up with his dad, already missing how Tony’s fingers would card through his hair whenever he had a bad day. Peter had almost completely forgotten about the Decathlon meeting until MJ reminded him.


The shrill ringing of the school bell made Peter want to smash his head into a wall, but even the thought of moving his head made his brain ache. He was ready to get the permission slip for the field trip and go, and sat eagerly in the meeting room while Mr. Harrington tried to get everyone’s attention.


Peter honestly couldn’t think his day could get any worse—he had already been accosted by the other Avengers about how he’d gotten powers, how long he’d been Spider-man, how his dad has reacted—but it did.


“Good news everyone! We’ve managed to get a field trip to Stark Industries!”


Oh. My. God.


Many heads turn towards him, and Peter wants to sink down into his seat when he catches Flash’s smug smirk. Peter’s internship was well-known in the team, and so was Flash’s belief that Peter was just lying. Peter wasn’t even sure if Mr. Harrington himself believed Peter at this point, but props to him for pretending if he didn’t.


“Peter, do you still intern for Stark Industries?” Mr. Harrington asks.


“Uh, yeah. I do, sorta.” Peter mumbles. Does he still intern there? He practically lives there at this point. Flash snorts.


“Oh, alright.” And with that, Mr. Harrington continues on about how he was so proud of them, and about the terms and information about the trip. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Team Cap friendly
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
Field Trip
Identity Reveal
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bully Flash Thompson
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
there's so many flash tags skskdj
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Avengers
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
peter's got lots of aunts and uncles

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

