Chapter 1: The Last Parker
    


Summary:

PSA: To make my job easier, this takes place in New York, instead of Malibu. Nothing much changes besides names of places etc. Their Malibu mansion will make an appearance later on.



Notes:
This fanfiction has been a journey, to say the least. I have enjoyed every single moment while writing this, and I really hope you all enjoy the ride.Updates will be regular. Homecoming is up next.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 June 2002 

Tony Stark could handle whatever life threw at him. He could go a week without sleep, or survive hour-long meetings about subjects he already knew everything about. He could deal with unnaturally loud casinos, and the press twisting everything he did to fit their depiction of who he was. He could do all of that without batting an eyelid.
The only thing that he couldn't handle was Obadiah Stane's constant whining. His business partner had been at his throat since Tony had taken over the company. Like Howard Stark before him, Stane believed that Tony should devote his time to the company, and leave room for little else.
"What is this?" Stane barked, pushing the blueprints Tony had carefully organised on his desk.
Tony brought his fingers to the brim of his nose, he leaned back in his chair to look up at Stane, who was glaring down at him, "Don't do that." He brushed his hand over the plans to rid the creases that Stane had created.
Stane leaned over and shoved the plans over the desk, the force of his movement tore one of the sheets down the middle. Tony tossed his pencil down and crossed his arms over his chest.
Stane placed a hand on his hip, "Are you even listening to me?!"
Tony bit his lip trying to conceal a smirk "No, were you talking?"
"Tony…" Stane said through gritted teeth, "What are you  doing ?"
"I'm designing something."
Stane exhaled deeply, "For the company?"
"No," He held up his finger to stop Stane from shouting, "But I'm allowed to have side projects."
"Not when they get in the way of what you should actually be doing!"
"Obi, Obi, Obi." Tony stood up, attempting to gain higher ground in their argument. He placed a hand on Stane's shoulder but moved it away cautiously when he noticed how tense and angry Stane was; he gestured back to the plans on the table, "I can balance work and social life. We released a shipment of new rifles last week."
"What is this side project  of yours!?"
"I'm calling it  Just A Rather Very Intelligent System.  " Tony told him; Stane balled his hands into fists, "Jarvis  for short."
"Do you think you're funny?"
"When it's done it will be amazing…" Tony said, "And Uncle Jarvis would hopefully be proud."
"Tony...." He said in his usual obnoxious tone that Tony had grown to despise.
"Obi…" Tony said mockingly, "It's almost ten, an old man like you should be heading off to bed."
"This isn't over." Stane pointed out as he walked towards the exit.
Tony rolled his eyes and mumbled under his breath, "It never is."
"Pardon?"
"Nothing." He hummed, "Goodnight Obi."
Stane went to say something, but he cut himself off when Pepper Potts came crashing through the main doors, she stopped in her tracks to catch her breath. Her face was devoid of colour, and her hands were visibly shaking around the phone in her hand.
Tony stepped over, "Potts, what's wrong?"
"Umm…" She blinked away tears, "I'm sorry, Tony.."
"What's going on?" Tony asked, dread settling on his chest. Her haunted expression reflected the one his godmother, Peggy, had been wearing when she told him his parents died, "Potts?"
"I just had a call…" Pepper swallowed the lump in her throat, "There was an accident...involving the Parkers."
"The Parkers!?!" Stane exclaimed as Tony tried to process the information.
Tony stared at her, trying not to crumble, "Are they…."
"They didn't make it," Pepper cried.
Tony brought a shaking fist to his face leaning his chin on it, "Shit...who…."
"It was a car accident," She hiccuped, "It was Richard, Mary, Ben and his wife May."
Tony's heart plummeted as his mind turned to his godson, "Um, Pet--Peter?"
"Peter's alive."
Tony sighed in relief, and weight shifted off his shoulders. Although it was a tragedy, and he had lost some of his closest friends, he couldn't help but find solace, knowing Peter was still alive.
"The detective needs you to head down; you were their…" Pepper sighed, "You were their first emergency contact."
"Got it." Tony scrambled out of his chair and grabbed his jacket.
Stane let out a deep exhale, "What a shame, the Parkers were great partners."
"Don't be so damn clinical about this," Tony scowled, "They weren't just business partners, they were our friends."
"Tony…"
Tony turned on his foot to face Pepper; he softened his expression and tone, "Where do I need to go?"
"112th Precinct, Austin Street," Pepper told him, "It was...an officer Gamble who phoned me."
"Okay." Without another word Tony rushed out, leaving a grief-stricken Pepper stood a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Father-Son Relationship
Mother-Son Relationship
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Fluff and Angst
Adopted Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Natasha Romanov
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

