Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
                                 
It was a cold winter morning. You woke up before the alarm went off as you did every morning due to a lack of sleep. You sat at the kitchen counter on a stool with a pen in your hand and a coffee by your side. Just like you did every morning. Your hair was in a low messy bun and you wore a sweater two sizes too big to keep you warm. 
 
You opened your diary to your last entry and started on a fresh page. It wasn't a diary per se more like a journal of your thoughts. A safe haven for all the ideas and ruminations that couldn't be spoken. The thoughts you couldn't tell anyone because they wouldn't understand or quite simply wouldn't care were written into the leather-bound book. This was where your thoughts couldn't be erased or twisted. It was a small freedom that you cherished. 
 
You were never one to speak your mind. You were a timid, fragile creature with an innocence that was marred by the man you detestably called your husband. You never wanted to marry him. You didn't want to wake up in the morning with him by your side but not everything could be the way you wanted it to be. You wrote in your small diary all the things you hated about him. How much you wished he wouldn't come home to you every night. How much you hated pretending to love him. How much you wanted to run. And when you wrote his name in your grandiose cursive it didn't seem to match the tone of the subject. Your perfectly frilly handwriting, as your father would put it, didn't express the disgust that grew inside of you just at the thought of him. 
 
"[Y/N], have you seen my phone?" You turned to see your husband, Bucky, searching for it around the living room. He was dressed for a meeting with his tie undone. He picked up the pillows on the couch to see if his phone had slipped in.
 
You got up looking around for it and walked over to your shared bedroom to find his phone on the dressing table. You sighed as you picked it up and stalked back to the living room to see him still looking for it. A part of you wanted to secretly throw it out the window and have him looking for it all day. Instead, you walked over to show it to him. 
 
"It was right where you left it," You said. He smiled at you sheepishly. 
 
"I guess I should be more aware of my surroundings," Bucky took his phone from you checking for any messages or phone calls. 
 
"That would be ideal considering your job." You sighed earning a chuckle from Bucky. You began to fix his tie for him and Bucky gave you a small smile. Your eyes were fixated on fixing his tie and didn't notice his steel blue ones admiring your natural beauty. Your face was bare with loose hair strands shaping it. You were effortlessly beautiful. He frowned a little when he saw the dark skin under your eyes. Your insomnia was getting worse as the days went by and Bucky tried his best to help cure it. He wanted you to be healthy. To be happy. Never once did it cross his mind that he may be the root of all your troubles. Bucky didn't want to believe he caused you pain. He wanted to be your knight in shining armor, your loyal companion, your only lover. So he pushed it under the rug acting like he was all the above. 
 
You straightened his tie and patted it down with your hand to make sure it looked good. Your hand sliding across his chiseled chest sent electricity zipping through his body. Your soft touch was all he ever needed. 
 
"Thank you," He kissed you on the forehead as you gave him a small smile. He grabbed his coat and put it on. "I don't know how long I'll be gone so if there's a problem make sure to call Steve if you can't get to me." He told you. 
 
"I know," you mumbled softly messing with the hem of your sweater. Bucky smiled at how cute you were. He came closer to you. 
 
"Listen, I know it's hard for you but please try to get some sleep?" Bucky asked placing his hands on your shoulders. "I'm worried about you." 
 
You scoffed inwardly. Did he ever once think what made it so hard for her to sleep?  "I am trying," you told him exasperated. 
 
"Have you been taking your medicine?" He asked.
 
"I am." You weren't. 
 
Bucky let out a deep sigh. "I think we're going to have to make another appointment. It's clearly not working." You looked away. 
 
"Hey," Bucky lifted your chin so you'd look at him. "It's okay. You're doing your best and we'll make it through this." 
 
We? What did he mean by we? It was just you. You pitted against everyone else. As much as he tried to convince you that he was on your side you didn't believe it. As much as he liked to show the world the two of you were a perfect couple, you knew it was all a show. You wanted to push his hand away from you. You wanted to scream at the top of your lungs and blame him for all your problems. But the words never came and your voice hitched in your throat. Your eyes began to tear out of frustration for being inarticulate. For being so pathetic.  
 
Bucky wiped the tears fal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Forced Marriage
Heavy Angst
One-Sided Attraction
Depression
Insomnia
Dark! Bucky
Alternate Universe - Mob
Bucky is obsessed with you
Mental Health Issues
Sweet Steve Rogers
Jealousy
Cheating
Implied Sexual Content
Abusive Relationships
Warning: this will get dark
Book References
Some Fluff
Implied/Referenced Dubious Consent
Emotional Manipulation
Bucky is not the nice guy but sometimes he is
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Mobster Bucky

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

