Chapter 1: First Impressions
    




Chapter Text
Frigga wouldn’t leave Thor alone until he agreed to send a friend request to his new roommate.
“We’ll meet when we get there,” he groaned. “I don’t want to spend the summer in front of the computer.”
“Exhibit A,” she said, holding up a finger, “it won’t even take five minutes. Exhibit B, you leave in two weeks, so even if it took all day, it wouldn’t be all summer. And Exhibit C-”
Thor chimed in. “I’m your mother.”
She won. She tended to do that.
*****
With a deep breath, Loki accepted the friend request from his new roommate. As he looked through his profile, he found himself wondering what in the world had made the people in student housing decide to place him with a football player, of all people. Thor was huge and muscled, and he was blond and blue-eyed and tanned and all the things Loki wasn’t. Planning to major in geology. Great. Their room would be full of mud all year. They didn’t have any of the same interests or hobbies, they didn’t like the same music, and Thor even said, proudly, that he was a morning person. He was everything Loki had specifically said he didn’t want, when he was filling out the new student forms.
Then he saw it. Someone in the department either thought they were clever, or they were too tired of the job to care. Loki and Thor had the same birthday. So they would share nothing else all year, but they could have a joint birthday party in their room. What joy. Loki could picture it now: the room half-full of cool, interesting people, and the other half full of jocks stinking like Axe body spray.
(Loki had gotten more than a little action in high school just because he didn’t smell like Axe. He had protested when Odin wanted to take him cologne shopping, but it proved to work out well. It took some hunting, but once he found the one he liked - cloves, and spicy carnation, and musk, nothing like Odin’s piney businessman-scent - it worked out very well indeed. More than one girl specifically said how much she liked his scent as she licked her way down his chest. And the guys Loki hoped to meet would certainly hate the stuff just as much as he did. So he really didn’t want to live in a room that reeked of it. There was no way it wouldn’t contaminate him.)
Still, as little as he liked the situation, he at least had the sense to be polite. Let Thor be the one to mess things up first - of course he would, look at that photo, what a complete oaf - so after careful thought, Loki sent a brief message.

Hi, Thor,


I’m looking forward to starting at Lake State, it will be good to meet you in person. Should we plan what we’re going to bring? I have my cousin’s old dorm fridge. Do you maybe have a microwave?


-Loki

There, that should do. And it only had a little bit of lying.
*****
When Thor checked a few days later, he saw that his request had been accepted, and he looked at Loki’s page. He had suspiciously black hair and looked like he thought he would die if he ever actually met a sunbeam or a calorie. He was a night owl - of course he was, Thor thought - and planned to major in English. It was utterly confusing why student housing would put them together… oh. Their birthdays. Great. They wouldn’t have anything in common all year, but they could have a joint birthday party. He could picture it already. It would be half-full of fun, cool people, and half-full of uptight people in black clothes thinking they were interesting as they talked about Kafka and smoked clove cigarettes. At least his message seemed ok, even if Thor doubted that Loki was actually looking forward to meeting him.  He heaved a sigh, one which proved much too loud. Frigga heard him and came to read over his shoulder.
“Tell him yes,” she ordered.
“Mom, a microwave is like a hundred dollars,” he protested. “You’ve already spent too much on school stuff, there’s got to be one in the dorm kitchen anyway.”
She clipped him on the head. “And you moan when I tell you about the days when a burger cost a quarter. We’ll find one on craigslist. Tell him yes. And remember that you’re to be polite about sharing the room,” she added, staring pointedly at his dirty socks strewn over the couch. “Just because you get there early for training doesn’t mean you get to decide how it’s getting split up.”
*****

Hi Loki,


It will be cool to meet you too. I can get a microwave, no probs. I get there a week early for football training but I’ll wait for you before I start dividing up the room.


-Thor

It was quite a pleasant surprise, even if Thor did say ‘no probs.’ It was considerate of him to not just take the good side of the room, better than Loki had expected. Better than Loki would have done, to be honest.
They exchanged a few more messages of mindless talk, and then it was Thor’s moving day. He sent Loki a picture of their room; it was bigger than either of them had expected. Smaller than Loki’s room at home, but much better than the first-year dorm he had visited on his campus tour. Bi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Fluff
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Romance
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Slow Burn
which the author didn't really anticipate
Rimming
Fingering
Felching
hot nerd fetish fun
Loki driving stick shift in a flagrantly gratuitous manner
Thor wears that one gray v-neck tee shirt
Outdoor Sex
Crossdressing

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

