Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Malibu, 6:00 AM, Friday. Pacific Standard Time Tony Stark wakes up with the memory of infinity within his grasp. It takes two seconds for the transition from deluded half-wakefulness to clear awareness to occur, and within that span of time, the sensation slips away from him like silk off a woman’s breasts—the sheen of oil slick obliterated after exposure to an open flame.He sits up having already forgotten the reason why he woke in the first place. Maybe there was something that he’d forgotten to turn off back in the lab? No, that didn’t seem likely. JARVIS would have told him. JARVIS is always nagging after him—the only reason that Tony Stark’s dangerous habit of making explosions while working hasn’t killed him yet is JARVIS, and the AI is far more attentive to proper protocol than a sleep deprived, possibly drunk Tony after one of his more…  shall we say, interesting days. Speaking of JARVIS… “Good morning. It's 6 AM. The weather in Malibu is 72 degrees with scattered clouds. The surf conditions are fair with waist to shoulder highlines, high tide will be at—”“JARVIS?”“Yes, sir?”Tony opens his mouth to say something, but the words catch before he can quite identify what they are. “I… actually, I’m not sure. I had a dream, but I can’t remember what happened.”“What you are describing sounds like a rather common phenomenon. Is there a reason to take concern?”“No. I-” Tony sucks in a breath. “I don’t think I’m going back to sleep after this. Warm up a pot of coffee, will you?”“Of course, sir. And, might I remind you that you have an appointment with the defense department later this afternoon? Ms. Potts insisted that attendance this time was mandatory.”“Right, right. Tell her I’ll play nice this time. No need to…” The response trails off into silence, subsumed by the oddest series of impressions. Flames scattering before a puff of wind. Metal glinting with fiery heat. A flash of volcanic eyes boring into his own— “Sir? You appear to be distracted.”“I’m fine,” he deflects. “Let’s just see about that cup of coffee first, alright?” So, here’s the thing:Tony Stark is a genius. An inventor, an engineer—an architect of destruction elevated into its highest form. He creates and he builds. Whatever happens afterwards has never really mattered to him. He’s always been content to sit back and watch the fireworks. Shock and awe are his preferred tactics when it comes to keeping people in line, and so long as the machine keeps turning, Tony Stark wants for nothing. He’s made himself an invaluable part of the system, and the system keeps his pockets full. Everyone that matters is happy, so why can’t he get rid of that nagging shadow of guilt?Tony Stark might be the one that designs the gun, but Stark Industries is the one that manufactures it; the army (and whatever subcontractors they might have) are the ones that point and fire. There are degrees of separation between the man that creates a weapon and the man that uses it; Tony, logically speaking, should not be held responsible in the slightest.( Somewhere behind the itching of his chest is a flash of pain. )He sets aside the moral quandaries for another time. It’s seven minutes before the meeting with the defense department, and there’s no room for weakness in the shark tank. Tony puts on the practiced smile of a businessman (just polite enough) and steps out of the car. Best not anger the suits any more than necessary. “Mr. Stark, with all due respect—” The ginger mustached man protests, leaning forward as if physical intimidation will somehow do the trick when nothing else ever has. Tony stares the man down with the same implacable gaze that he uses to deal with the idiots they keep sending him at R&D.“Fifty. You can take it or leave it, but you’d better believe that you won’t get the same quality from anyone else.”The ginger tries to speak up, but his smarter looking companion steps in instead. Undersecretary of defense or some equivalent; apparently, Tony didn’t merit the full bells and whistles of the actual secretary of defense. “We’ll have our people contact yours about the.. change in details. Perhaps another meeting, to follow up on these proceedings?”Great. More meetings, more useless blathering. Maybe he should really field this one off to Obie. There’s been a few ideas swimming around in his head for a while, now. Schematics and designs for newer, better weapons—even a few civilian applications that might boost SI’s publicity in the coming years. War is all fine and dandy while it lasts, but perhaps it might be time to diversify… “Sure, I’m sure that we can set something up.”“Many thanks, Mr. Stark. We apologize for any inconvenience that we may have caused you.”He smiles. The press smile that the media so loves to hate and hates to love—the smile that enamors the nation with speculation and intrigue. “What’s a few inconveniences in the face of national security? Only the best for our good men fighting the war… ”“Indeed. We hop
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time travel (kinda)
Infinity Gems
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
BAMF Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

