Work Text:

hey
omg that delivered
you’re right, Stark phones are far superior
or is it just this particular one you gave me
Tony stares at his phone as the messages come in, and he narrows his eyes. He shifts a little on the couch, glances at Pepper.“What?” she asks, catching his eye. She looks down at his phone. “What did Peter do?”“Do I have a Peter face?” Tony asks. “Peter in danger expression?”“I don’t know,” Pepper says. “Is he in danger?”Tony sighs. “I hope not, but I’m—I’m not optimistic.”He composes a response. Why are you worried about service? Where are you? He sends it fast before he can start making passive threats about checking Karen, tracking his phone. He tries to wait to do both things. He sighs, waiting, and sees the three dots pop up. 
okay don’t like freak out
Tony sighs again, rolling his eyes so hard that it hurts. “Uh oh,” Pepper says.Tony sets his jaw.
Yeah, surefire way to get me to do exactly that. Where are you and what’s going on? Let’s go, complete honesty, or I’m calling May.
He sends it, tapping his finger on the side of the couch.“Friday,” he says. “Track Peter’s phone.”“Sure, Boss.”Tony’s phone buzzes. And his breath catches in his throat.
so i’m, uh, buried alive! i’m in a coffin. I was fighting some crazy big dude and he knocked me out cold and then I woke up here. I’m absolutely under the ground. I definitely did not think my messages were gonna go through! trying not to talk to conserve oxygen :) 
Tony covers his face with his whole hand. He presses his fingers into his temples and tries not to rip his own head from his neck. “Peter. Is buried alive. And he has the nerve—the audacity—to start his messages with ‘hey’ and to include an emoji. A smiley face, at that.”“Oh Jesus,” Pepper says. “Friday, do you have his location?”Tony’s phone buzzes again. 
uh oh! that went through, right? It says delivered. don’t be mad. I said don’t be mad!
Tony is attempting to breathe. He feels seconds away from a heart attack, knowing full well he’s gotta move. Move at the speed of fucking light, if Friday would just pull up the damn location—“Peter Parker’s phone seems to be located at a junk yard on 91st, but the tracking is weak.”Tony leaps to his feet, relinquishing the death grip he had on his face. He starts striding towards the stairwell with a deep sense of purpose, each step tinged with the bleak horror of what’s in front of him. He holds onto his phone like a lifeline, hoping he doesn’t crush it with the force of his fear.“You got this?” Pepper yells after him.“Yeah, I’m gonna go dig my kid out of the ground,” Tony says, nearly vomiting on the spot.“Don’t get mad at him when you see him!” Pepper yells. “He’s going through something!”“He’s putting me through something,” Tony mutters, starting down the stairs.~Tony finds him like he’s searching for gold on a beach with a metal detector, and he blasts away at the ground until he gets close enough to worry about hitting Peter. There’s a little red outline on his screens that represents Peter’s location, and he really fucking hopes he doesn’t see the kid taking a selfie. Maybe he’s just hallucinating. Maybe he’s just losing his goddamn mind because Peter is buried alive.Tony’s glad the junk yard is closed, because he probably would have utterly gone off on someone by now. And he can be pretty intimidating, in and out of the suit.The night is closing in on him—he can barely see his surroundings in the weak light, and he keeps going, unable to focus on or register anything around him. It’s all a fucking blur. He digs with metal hands, swiping dirt away, and shit, this asshole buried Peter deep. Tony can’t believe the Stark phone has service, and it probably is because he added every possible safety precaution to Peter’s phone. Thank God. He finally gets to the top of the coffin and he feels bile rise up in his throat. His—his kid is in there, Peter is in a coffin—and Tony tries to blink away the nightmares blotting his vision. He digs around the edges, trying to clear everything away.He gets the suit to let him out and he nearly collapses when he’s on his own feet, standing in, for all intents and purposes, Peter’s goddamn grave. When there’s enough of a hole and most of the coffin is out in open air, Tony latches onto the side and immediately yanks it open.Peter is laying there, clutching his phone and his mask in his hands, and his eyes go wide when the light floods in.“Oh my God,” he breathes, as Tony stares down at him. “That was so fast.”Tony almost has a fatal brain malfunction, and he has to get the kid out of the coffin immediately. He’s heard tales of mothers lifting cars off their children, that kind of protective adrenaline that kicks in when someone they love is in danger, and Tony feels that now, even though Peter is just lying there, seemingly lounging in what should be the body’s final respite. Tony nearly blacks out, bending over, grabbing the kid around his middle and hauling him up. He doesn’t stop dragging him backwar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Buried Alive

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

