Chapter 1: Every Intelligent Man Needs an Intelligent Woman
    




Chapter Text
“They say his intelligence is unrivaled throughout all the realms.”“Not only that, but he is a powerful sorcerer that is not to be trifled with.”“I heard that as well!”You covered your face with your book. groaning quietly. “This is pathetic.”Your first day here and you were already sick and tired of these girls that would be prying for his attention day in and day out.“Clearly he is a catch intelligence wise. But his eyes! Oh, I could have turned to stone where I stood!”A rumble of agreement came from across the common room making you only bury your face farther into your book.“However, I have heard he has quite a temper.”“Does he?”“Oh yes. You must be careful how you speak around him.”“But he can also be very sweet. Have you seen the way he treats his mother?”“Did you see his robes and armor!”“The gold and green are gorgeous.”“I look particularly good in those colors.”“Oh please Anala, you look good in all colors.”“It’s true!”You hit your head with the book over and over revolted by the desperateness of the woman before you.“I could imagine myself clutching onto his arm as he walks me through the garden whispering sweet things in my ear.”“If he chooses you of course. We all have a chance.”You slammed your book closed and stood up, finally having enough with the woman. Ignoring all the odd glances, you glided your way to the door of the room without giving them the satisfaction of a response.“And you Nova? What do you think of him?”You stopped. Letting go of the handle of the door you turned around to meet the eyes of every suitor in the room.”To be quite honest, I highly doubt he will choose any of us.”You could see the rush of disgust and surprise sweep through all their faces.“And why is that?” The one named Kari spoke from the back of the room.“The prince was forced into this, just as we were. If the choice comes to where he does not have to marry, he will choose to do so.”A snooty girl known as Lucille sat in a chair rearing her head like a horse. “And what do you know of the prince?”“Enough to know that we should all stay away.” You turned back around to open the door before you heard someone whisper.“She just knows she would never be chosen.”You froze. Gripping your teeth together in anger you quickly turned back around making eye contact with her. “And what are your intentions with the prince?”She sat up and a bit taller. “To marry of course.”“So you may do, what exactly?”“To be his wife.”“And to do what as his wife?”“Well...” She trailed off. “To satisfy him.”You laughed. “Satisfy him? Then you have proven you are perfect to be by his side.”“Why is that?”“You spoke yourself of his intelligence. He will be looking for someone that does not challenge that. So no, I will not be chosen, but at least I won’t be hanging on his arm like a helpless child. I hope one day your brains evolves enough so you may all realize that for yourself.” You quite enjoyed the faces of surprise layered across the room. “Goodnight ladies. I will see you at breakfast.”You turned finally leaving the room letting your white dress flutter behind you.The halls of the palace were dark with little light brightening your path. There seemed to be no one in the halls this late but you didn’t mind. You enjoyed the quiet. You opened your book back to your page reading intensely without looking where you were going.As you went to turn a corner placed ever so oddly in the corridor you accidentally knocked into a tall figure. Stumbling back your feet slipped from under you and you fell to the floor, your book sliding far away from you.”Shoot.” You muttered as you rubbed your head.You could have sworn you saw a flash of green light before you heard an alluring voice from above you.“Oh dear. Are you alright?”Glancing up from the floor, you met the enchanting green eyes of a man. He was dressed in a servant uniform with short black hair curled against his head. He reached his hand out to you in an attempt to help you up.Your heart jumped at the sight of him making you question your sanity.You will not fall for a man at first sight.“It... It is quite alright.“ You stood up yourself brushing off your gown. “Accidents happen.”You turned to get your book but he rushed over to get it first. “Please, let me.”“Thank you.”He walked back looking over the cover of the book. “Quite an advanced book to read for such a beautiful woman.”“Advanced for you maybe.”“Well, I prefer the sixth one. However the fourth has always been a favorite of mine.”You looked up to him with a sudden burst of excitement. “You have read them?”“Of course. They are classics.” He looked at you intrigued. “Have you read the rest of the series?”“Twice over.” You smiled. “It is my third time now.”“An intelligent woman.” He beamed. ”Oh, uh here.”He reached your book back out for you take. You nodded your head as a thank you before tucking it under your arm.“And you? You seem quite familiar with the seri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/you
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Loki Feels
Badass Reader
Jealousy
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Friendship/Love
Humor
Romance
Drama
Flirting
Emotional
Love Confessions
Love
Falling In Love
Prophecy
Violence
Manipulative Loki (Marvel)
Asgard (Marvel)
Self-Reflection
Odin's Bad Parenting
Fear
Barginning
Secrets
Illusions
Lies
Lots of Loki
I mean lots and lots

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/you
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

