Work Text:

Captain America would not fit in at this bar.

As is, Steve Rogers in his least “Dad-like” jeans and white button down barely makes it through the door. Wanda had tried to talk him into a T-shirt, but Steve had stood his ground.  Times may have changed, but Steve isn’t going on a date without a proper shirt on. Even if it’s a date he’s not particularly excited about.

The Orchard is so deep in Brooklyn Steve had needed to Google the address. One of Tony’s cars had dropped him off outside a huge industrial space covered in graffiti, and he’d almost missed the small sign for what Wanda had promised was “a great date spot.”  If Steve were eighty years younger and possessed of more tattoos, he’d probably agree.

At least the stares he gets as he wades through the colorful, decidedly millennial crowd seem to be of the “what’s 

he 

doing here?” rather than “it’s the Sentinel of Liberty!” variety.  Without the stars and stripes, glances slide off Steve’s face. One girl with a nose ring and half her head shaved gives him an unimpressed sneer as he weaves through the crowd.  Steve smiles politely back and makes his way to the bar, marveling for the millionth time that being a six-foot-plus wall of muscle isn’t even noteworthy if he’s not in uniform.

People are a lot taller these days.

The music playing in the background barely registers over the din of voices.  The high ceilings and open duct-work don’t help with the acoustics, but there are heavy canvas paintings lining the walls and a sturdy wood bar.  The overall aesthetic is what Steve can best describe as “gothic Americana arboretum”, with vaguely menacing farm implements bracketed to the walls and a massive mural of a gnarled apple tree sprawling up behind the bar.  He immediately understands why Wanda loves this place.

Steve finds two empty stools at the bar and perches on the farther one.  The chalkboard menu on the wall proffers a dozen varieties of hard cider, with names like Mumble Core and Apple Jackoff.  Steve sighs and undoes his cuffs, rolling his sleeves up to reveal the only bare forearms in the place. The future was supposed to hold flying cars and friendly robots.  Steve never could have guessed everyone and their mother would have tattoos.

“Oh my God, it’s Captain America.”

Steve closes his eyes for a bare second before painting on his polite smile.  He’s used to this.

“Please, call me – Scott?”

Steve turns to face one of the most earnest, megawatt grins he’s ever seen, and this is from someone who’s spent decades whoring out his face for government propaganda.  Steve’s date looks just like his picture, which according to Wanda is noteworthy these days, although nothing on screen could have captured the sheer giddy energy radiating from this man.  Oh, 

God

.  A fanboy.

“Scott Lang, hello, hi, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Cap.”

Steve accepts a handshake that would fell a smaller person with its enthusiasm. 

“Please, call me Steve.”
 

Steve smiles and gestures to the open stool next to him.  Scott’s ass isn’t in the seat for more than a few seconds before he’s drumming his fingers against the bar and kicking his feet against the guard rail.  Steve is on a date with a ten-year-old.

“Have you been here before?” Scott asks, his head swiveling as he looks around the bar.  “A little off the beaten path. It’s cool, I mean, I like it, I like cool things.”

Scott grimaces.  At least he possesses some degree of self-awareness.

“I just meant, I’m new to New York, haven’t really spent much time in Brooklyn.  I’m a new-New Yorker!”


You are not a New Yorker

, Steve thinks, but instead he grins brightly and asks, “What brings you here?”, happy for something to direct the conversation.

“My daughter.  Cassie. She’s starting her freshman year at NYU, and I figured, time for a change.  Sam told you I have a daughter, right?”

“He mentioned that, yeah.”

Sam had also implored Steve to give Scott a chance even if he “takes a little getting used to.”  Sam owes him a drink.

“I hope that’s not a problem.  I always say, I may be Ant-Man, but I’m a dad first.”

“I’m sure Cassie’s very lucky to have a dad like you,” Steve says honestly.  The sheer look of paternal pride on Scott’s face could eclipse a small galaxy.

“I try,” Scott shrugs, rolling his eyes with exaggerated modesty.  “You don’t have kids, right? Or do you?” He leans in, his eyes going wide.  “Do you have, like, secret kids?”

“No. No kids, secret or otherwise.  Although one of the young ladies I work with does make a lot of Dad jokes.”

“More like Daddy,” says a low voice from across the bar.

“Excuse --”

“What can I get for you boys?” 

Steve’s eyebrows are still up in surprise when he looks up at their bartender. Did this guy just call him Daddy or is he picking up static from someone else on a better date than his?  Any outraged surprise Steve may have lingering on his tongue is immediately silenced when the guy leans against his edge of the bar, with a smile that could me
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Piercings
Barebacking
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk
Bucky With the Good Hair Everywhere
Comeplay
Art History
Body Modification
Manhandling
Lust at First Sight

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

