Work Text:
“Okay, buddy, if we're going to do this, you have to be careful with her, all right?” Steve heard Tony murmuring as he wandered towards the bathroom. “You can't go kicking around and stuff, understand? She needs to get used to her prosthetic flipper.”
“Uh-huh, Dada, uh-huh,” was Peter's excited reply, and as Steve stepped into the bathroom, he couldn't help but smile.
Peter was already in the tub, staring up at Tony in awe as he leaned over the side with Jemima the duckling held carefully in his cupped hands. The little boy held perfectly still as Tony lowered the duckling into the tub with him, and then giggled happily as she cheeped and flapped about.
“She's doin' it, she's doin' it!” he called, spotting Steve as he padded further into the room. “Papa, she's swimmin'!”
“I can see that, honey,” he grinned, wrapping his arms around Tony and peering over his shoulder when the man straightened up. “Your Dad's a pretty smart guy, huh?”
In the water, Jemima was happily cleaning her bright yellow feathers while the little prosthetic flipper helped her tread water without a care. Peter's hands drifted towards her under the water as though he desperately wanted to touch, but he never actually did.
“He's duh most cleverest,” Peter replied, and Steve could practically feel the pride radiating off Tony. “Look, look, she's flappin'!”
He giggled as he got sprayed with little droplets of water, and Steve couldn't help but grin against the back of Tony's neck.
“Well, Pete, I'd say it's a pretty rousing success, huh?” Tony decided, ducking out of Steve's grip again so he could bend down over the edge of the tub. “Just keep an eye on the family jewels, kid, because she's probably gonna think it's a worm at some point and take a dive.”
“Oh my God, Tony,” Steve snorted, running a hand over his eyes. “Why don't I go put her in the sink while Daddy washes you, huh, Peter?”
“Y'gotta be careful, Papa,” Peter warned him as he leaned over to scoop Jemima out. “Dada says y'gotta hold her real gentle 'cos it'll hurt.”
“I remember a time, Peter Parker-Rogers, when I was the only one you listened to,” he lamented with a grin as he carried the duckling over to the sink. “Life was good, and then Daddy came into the picture -”
“Please,” Tony rolled his eyes, also grinning. “Peter's always known I'm the smartest guy around, right, Pete?”

Peter seemed to genuinely think about that as he began to play with the bubbles Tony added to the bath, before deciding, “
I'm 
duh smartest guy 'round,” with a naughty giggle.


Steve filled the sink with water and watched as Jemima cheeped happily while sticking her head under the tap, all the while listening to Peter and Tony bicker good naturedly.

“Oh, you're the smartest guy around, huh?” Tony gasped, faux-shocked. “And here I was thinking I was the smartest, what with all my degrees and -”
“I got 'leventy 'grees,” Peter giggled, a hand pressed over his mouth to try and stifle the sound.
“Eleventy degrees? Wow, that is more than me,” Tony hummed melodramatically, and Peter physically snorted with laughter. “All right, young man, that's it.”

Peter squealed happily, and Steve turned to watch as Tony tore his own clothes off and clambered into the bubbly tub opposite him. Immediately, Peter got up on his knees and threw a handful of bubbles at him, and Tony gasped as though it were a bomb hurtling towards him.

“No, Steve, speak to your son,” Tony whined, taking the bubbles straight to the face even after he tried to dodge them. “Oh man, you're in trouble now, boy-o.”
“Nooo,” Peter squealed happily, giggling madly as Tony physically tugged him across the tub and onto his lap. “No, Papa, help!”
“Boys, don't make me come in there,” Steve warned, turning the taps back off and leaving Jemima to bob around happily.
“But Steeevveee,” Tony whined, and then scooped up a handful of bubbles to splat in Peter's face nonchalantly, “Peter's bullying me.”

Peter, God bless him, just spluttered and rubbed at his sore eyes. “M'not. 
You're 
duh bully, Dada.”

“And he's a liar, Steve; speak to your son -”
“All right, I guess I'm coming in,” Steve sighed, tugging his shirt off as both Tony and Peter alike screamed excitedly. “Brace yourselves.”

Tugging his pants and boxers off, he climbed into the tub and wedged himself in the corner that Peter had originally been sitting in before Tony tugged him onto his lap. Scooping up two handfuls of bubbles, he leaned over and splatted on one both Tony and Peter's head as both of them screamed and tried to duck out of the way.

“Now, why don't you both apologise to each other, and then we can all wash ourselves in peace, huh?” he asked, wiping a splodge of bubbles off Peter's eyelashes.
“I'm sorry you're such a bad liar, Peter,” Tony grinned, kissing the little boy on the cheek.
“'N m'sorry y'not smart, Dada,” Peter replied with a grin as he leaned further into Tony's chest.
“And I'm sorry I'm stuck with two silly boys,” Steve sighed, smiling contentedly.

Between the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Fluffy
Bath Time
there's a duckling in this called Jemima
if you don't read it for anything else
read it for her

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

