Chapter 1: The Weaver
    




Chapter Text
“Come on, Peter. Come on.” He shifted his feet back and forth across the carpet, lifting one on top of the other before the pressure became uncomfortable and he switched the stacking order. The throng of people before him, while shorter now, stretched way longer than he hoped. Who could blame them, though? This was Iron Man after all. The announcement for the competition had been made at his school in the beginning of the year. The aesthetics of the advertisement took over the school, leaving modern and flashy print glued across the corkboards wherever you walked. Tony Stark was holding a science competition for his company, the S.T.A.R.K. or Stark Training: Aimed at Reaching Kids. That, in itself, would have been enough for Peter. Just being in the same room as Mr. Stark would send him into cardiac arrest so he was certainly going to need the shock of the defibrillators after this. Not only was Mr. Stark going to judge the competition, but also the prize was an internship at Stark Industries. You can imagine the pandemonium created in the announcement’s wake at Midtown. All the students and staff were in an uproar. You couldn’t walk into a room without someone mentioning it and people were trading ideas like Pokémon cards. There was a rumor that some student had hired professionals to come up and develop an idea for them. Peter did none of those things. He couldn’t afford minions to crank out ideas and even if he could, he wouldn’t have wanted to. The thought of using someone else’s project plans didn’t appeal to him. What was the point of competing if it wasn’t your work?The beginning rounds were held at the high school you attended and from there only two were selected to move on. Peter had been one of them. The other had been a boy named Seymour, much to the chagrin of his friend, Flash Thompson. He had seen the latter boys project one day when he had been showing it off at Decathlon practice. Loath as he was to admit it, it was a noteworthy concept. One that he thought for sure would win out against his own. Seymour had been the dark horse of the fight and in the end pulled ahead of Flash. Peter left school late one day after the announcement was made. He had hid in the bathroom trying to avoid some of the students asking him questions about his project and slunk toward a rarely used stairway to evade the never-ending questions when he ran into Flash. The boy was slumped on the stairs, his head buried in his knees, and the barest of shaking emanated from his shoulders. Peter had wanted to turn around right then. To get out of the stairwell as fast as possible but it was to late. Flash’s back went ridgid. The boy tried to brush the tracks off his face but Peter could see the swollen eyes that widened as his face blushed a dark red. “What are you doing here Parker? Nobody wants you here.” His voice bounced along the walls, echoing their venom. Peter really didn’t care for Flash. The boy would always go out of his way to make Peter feel like crap but even after all of that, all the hungry lunches and ripped up assignments, Peter could felt bad for him. Could sense that the boy was hurting. But it wasn’t enough to make him want to stay and comfort the boy.He made to rush down the stairs keeping a wide birth between them. As he walked, Peter looked back and took in the boy’s empty gaze at the wall. The stairs leveled off and the door was in front of him but he couldn’t leave. Peter’s stomach clenched and he had the feeling he shouldn’t leave without saying something. He took in a deep breath, feeling his chest inflate as he turned around. The boy didn’t even glance at him. That was good. Peter concentrated on the stairs just to the left of Flash so they didn’t have to look each other in the eye.“Just so you know, Flash.” The boy’s face morphed in a moment. All sharp lines and deep crevices stared back at him. “What Parker? Going to gloat?”Not rising to his taunt he went on as if Flash didn’t speak. As if the hate filled glare wasn’t aimed at him. “I thought that you deserved the spot. What Seymour did was wrong and you had the better project. It’s unfair that he used his money to get what he wanted and, well, I’m sorry.” Peter left his, not to be dramatic, enemy on the stairwell. The boy as still as a statue, mouth carved open, and left staring at the back of the boy he taunted. Peter’s hands shook as he pushed the door open; his breath came out in a large burst, which had been cradled in his chest for too long. Try as he might Flash scared him. Not in a fear for his safety but he was always conscious of what the boy would do next, what new insults and taunts would come hurtling his way. A small warmth ignited in his chest as he stepped into the sun. Even if he was scared he had still spoke up, had said something nice to Flash. A voice echoing over the speakers broke him of his reverie and Pter was out from under the sun and back in the poorly lit room. This was it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Science Competition
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Powers
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Irondad
spiderson
Adventure
Irondad1000
protective may parker
Shy Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Insecure Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

