Chapter 1: Natasha
    




Chapter Text



Friends Are The Family You Choose For Yourself







The tower seems silent when Natasha returns, sweat stained and tired, dropping her bag to the floor and allowing herself to rest a palm, and then her forehead, against the smooth tile while she waits for the elevator. The silence means nothing, just that there’s no one on this floor or the next. She isn’t worried though, Clint will be in her rooms, he always is on the day she’s scheduled to come home. He’s always waiting for her.Her floor too is silent.Natasha drops her bag to the floor, instincts peaking anew. She draws her weapon and quickly searches all the rooms. There is no one there; a relief since she was half expecting Clint’s body. Since she’s alone, she allows herself a snort of self-deprecating amusement. This is the safest place she’s ever lived, including SHIELD barracks and safe houses she’d set up herself. Clint must have simply…forgotten.She will deny until her dying day that the feeling in her chest at that thought is hurt. But Phil hasn’t said Clint is on his own assignment, and he is meticulous to let them know if that is the case since the Beijing Incident.Natasha takes her time, unpacking her field gear and taking the long, hot shower her body has been craving for the past week. The water beats down against her muscles, relaxing her and helping her centre her thoughts. It is totally understandable that Clint isn’t here; they’d never before lived with people placing demands outside of training on their time. Yes, she was due back today, but it is hardly as if she is never delayed waiting for evac. Clint couldn’t be expected to wait around their room, ignoring the others for days on end on the off chance of seeing her.When her hair is clean, she dresses in a wash worn shirt, and sweats, leaving her hair damp down her back. Telling herself that this place is home and safe, she remains barefoot, but she can’t quite prevent the reflexive flick of her wrist that shoots her hand out to grab a knife that she holsters in the small of her back.The others are all sprawled across the large cream sofas. Natasha takes a moment to pause in the doorway, examining them. Tony is in the centre of the room, wearing a bright, shit-eating grin as he demonstrates his prowess on the dance mat hooked up to one of the game consoles. Clint, looking happier and more relaxed than she has seen him in weeks, is heckling and throwing hard candies from the bowl in his lap, each one not quite hitting Tony, but whizzing past his ear in a way reminiscent of overly large beetles. Steve is sprawled across the entirety of the largest sofa laughing and Bruce has been obliged to sit on the ground, shoulders resting level with Steve’s knees and is trying to ignore them all, a sheaf of papers clutched in one hand and brow furrowed over his glasses. Someone has left Thor in charge of Tony’s multi remote and, apparently, taken him to a disco since the last time Natasha was here, because he’s flicking the lights on and off in a way that makes her dizzy.It is, of course, Clint who notices her first. She sees his shoulders tense slightly, the not quite turn and slide of his eyes as he checks over his shoulder, and her own shoulders tense to match as he doesn’t turn fully, doesn’t greet her, simply dismisses her as a non-threat and goes back to heckling Tony. For a second she stands, unsure of what to do next, eyes riveted to Clint’s muscular frame, certain he must be giving her a signal of some kind that she is too tired to parse.Before she can make a decision, Bruce turns, dropping his papers to the ground and hand groping for a teacup at his side. She tenses further as his eyes land on her, ready for battle, mind flicking through possibilities of mind control and copies and other reasons for Clint to keep quiet.Bruce doesn’t notice, his eyes lighten and his face creases into a smile. “Natasha! It’s good to see you back.”Everyone turns, Thor leaving the light off as his finger depresses the button and he drops the remote, leaping from the sofa to wrap Natasha in his strong arms. “Lady Natasha, I am glad to see you unharmed.”It is only by the slenderest of margins that she keeps herself from planting the knife in Thor’s bicep.Tony is next, stepping off the rubber mat and ignoring the woeful sound the console makes at this sudden loss of participation. His eyes flick over her, an unsubtle, but not appreciative, merely assessing, gaze. She forces herself to stand passively under it. His smile is bright, and she can see that the expression is real from his eyes, before he catches her expression and turns away. “It’s good to see you. Mission go well?”“Classified,” she says coolly.Tony shrugs easily.“It’s good to have you back,” Steve says, his deep voice warm.She ignores him, eyes tracking over the crowd. Clint is still seated on the sofa, he’s barely looking at them, popping a candy from the bowl into his mouth. The silence stretches on unpl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst
More angst
ALL THE ANGST
Loki flavoured mind fuckery
no
really - Freeform
this gets dark in places
Avengers as a team
Avengers as family
None of the Avengers have social skills
they all suck at asking for help too
Hurt Clint
possible triggers
please read the A/N

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

