Work Text:

Peter Parker is like any seventeen, nearly-young-adult, teenage boy. He has two best friends (he thinks, MJ was a wild card almost all the time), and goes to highschool (unfortunately). Midtown high school, a school full of science nerds, practically no jocks, yet more bullies than one would assume. 


However, highschool was the boring part of his life, the much more tame part. During his nights and weekends, Peter transformed into Spider-Man, Queens’ own daring vigilante (though, sometimes, he strayed outside of his home turf (which wasn’t very common after Daredevil mocked his spandex-like suit)). 

 

That daily vigilantism, in fact, was about to begin. On this Friday, at exactly 2:30 PM, he would be released from a building he had begun to think of as a prison (even with his straight A’s he had managed to keep (despite his extracurricular… activities)). 


He adjusted one of the straps of his hastily packed backpack. What felt like hours later, Peter was free to race out of his science room as the bell rang. He ignored his teacher's reminders that “the bell doesn’t dismiss you, I do” in his haste – not that it mattered, as half the students in his class did the same.


Peter didn’t even glance back as he exited his school. He tuned into his spider-sense as he approached one of the 10 foot fences that surrounded half the school, and when they didn’t warn him, he easily scaled the fence with a single jump. His backpack jostled, both from the jump and his quickened pace when he landed.

 

It was only a few minutes later when he arrived in an empty alley. He checked his spider-sense to make sure no one was watching, before quickly pulling on his superhero suit. Taking his third backpack of the month, courtesy of Mr. Stark, he webbed it in an extra hidden place. He wasn’t about to lose his new calculus homework, even if he kind of loathed the teacher. Not that he would admit that out loud. He wasn’t a poster child by any means, but he was still a good student. When he wasn’t missing class, anyway. That seemed to happen a lot now, especially after the billionaire Tony Stark become his mentor.


Tony Stark, one of the people he looked up to the most. After the events in Germany, he had become like a father figure to Peter (not that he’d admit that). In all honesty, Tony was one of the best people he’d ever met. He had his flaws, as everyone did, but he prevailed against them. 


Sure, Mr. Stark did have his bad days. Like when he was working on the accords to give everyone the freedom they deserved. But, that all worked out in the end. The rogue Avengers were no longer rogues. However, they refused to return to the newly bought S.I. tower, where Tony, Pepper, Peter, and May had moved in.


That very refusal was the most recent hurdle Mr. Stark was facing. The refusal from the rogues hit Peter’s mentor hard. Despite what the whole world thought after hearing about the battle in Germany, Tony Stark cared deeply for his old teammates. 


It hurt Peter to see his mentor turned father-figure in such anguish. He knew exactly what Captain America had done in Siberia, but Peter had partially let it go (by himself, might he add, since he wasn’t willing to admit that he had Ned hack into Tony’s suit cameras). Mainly, he had let some of his fury go for the sake of his next actions.


Just three days ago, Peter had Ned scour the internet for the rogues’ location. It was difficult, and they had to stay up all night to find them, but eventually the rogues’ hideout was obtained. The next morning, Peter sent a letter, practically begging the rogues to return. It was sent nameless and he was 80% sure the rogues wouldn’t be able to find out who sent it. Even if they did, they’d probably pass it off as a fluke. What kind of teenager sends a handwritten letter anymore? Seriously, email exists, along with overly-advanced technology he created himself (with the help of Ned, and, surprisingly, MJ). 

 

“Mr. Parker, there seems to be a disturbance nearby,” Karen’s clean cut voice filled Peter’s ears. The 17 year old yelped at the AI’s voice, nearly missing the nearby building with his web shooters. 


“Karen, don’t do that!” Peter berated the AI, even though it wouldn’t affect Karen.


“I’m sorry, Peter.” That response didn’t seem apologetic in the slightest, especially since it sounded like the AI was grinning (can an AI sound like it’s smiling? Peter would have to ask Mr. Stark later).


“Yeah, ok. Where's this ‘disturbance’?”


“I believe you are right above it.” Peter’s gaze darted down at those words, his enhanced eyesight already scanning the busy street and sidewalks below. The “disturbance” came in the form of three evildoers carrying guns. 

Why is it always guns?



Sighing, Peter swung down to the concrete. His spider sense was uncomfortably quiet for him being so near the armed men (and woman). He brushed that unsure feeling away, knowing his senses would warn him if he was in any true danger. He fumbled for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Rated Teen for Minor Language
Like very minor
Protective Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a huge nerd
Clint Barton is deaf
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
infinity war didn't happen
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Irondad
spiderson
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

