Chapter 1: INCEPTION
    




Chapter Text
Rogers loved to fight.It wasn’t a workplace obligation; it was a fucking hobby.  He was a wrecking ball, a hurricane in human form who could annihilate anything set in his path.  (And not the cheap crush-smash-pound annihilate, either: he wrecked them like a cosmic collision, immovable force meets mortal object.)S.H.I.E.L.D. quickly learned his dirty little secret and sent him into the war zone as often as they could.  Rogers was not technically skilled—technical, in the original iteration of the word; it was laughable to think of Captain America as unskilled—but he was a nuke in the pocket of whatever organization could keep him on a string.  S.H.I.E.L.D. threw Rogers into battles like he threw his own shield, a boomerang arrangement that allowed ample freedom of movement.That freedom was necessary for optimal results.  In battle, Rogers was unpredictable, bulletproof.  He did not throw blind punches; he dismantled his opponents with great intent.  To be on the receiving end of that rage was horrifying, no matter how controlled.  Rogers’ hit-to-kill ratio was high—he did not cut the thread if he could avoid it—but no one on the opposing team treated him as anything other than lethal.You did not tranq or stun Captain America. You killed him, or you lost. . o . Of the members comprising the newly-formed Avengers Initiative, Tony had pegged Rogers as the most likely to go rogue.  Banner was a pacifist, Romanoff’s skillset meant fighting hand-to-hand was either suboptimal or a sign the mission was about to go south, and Barton liked to keep his distance to take his shots.  Thor liked to joust, but even he did not lust for battle like Rogers did; he seemed perfectly content to let the world settle its own affairs.(Maybe that was the kind of nonchalance you could afford if you had the power to truly shake the world.  Not merely change it: rock it, like a tidal wave, sweeping away anyone who got in his path.) Flicking through declassified S.H.I.E.L.D. footage of Cap in action, Tony could only conclude that Rogers made the world his battlefield.  Whether he was at home reducing a punching bag to its lowest common denominator or on the field backing his opponents into a corner they could not hope to escape, he fought relentlessly.At first, Tony had pegged his obsessive behavior as training, a broken compulsion to give his very best to S.H.I.E.L.D.  But Rogers did not fight until he was tired, did not stop when others would have quit: he fought until he was on the verge of total physical collapse.  It was not just his job: it was his identity.  Tony could not imagine him slowing down.  Rogers did not give him any opportunities to see it. Their shawarma meet-up was the last time Tony had seen Rogers even look tired.  To be fair, Tony had not had much contact with him after the emergency crews had taken over.  He could not claim to be anything more than a casual acquaintance.  At least they had not parted as enemies.  (Or so Tony liked to think—if only because the alternative made it harder to sleep at night.)Still: there was no rest for the wicked.  Iron Man remained a coveted asset in S.H.I.E.L.D.’s declassified wish list.  (Declassified, but only in parentheses: Tony had yet to meet a security system he could not hack.)  Nick Fury wanted him back in the game. While the Director had had the decency not to press the issue following the Battle of New York, Tony knew that S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted a full-time Avengers team at their beck and call.  They already had Barton, Romanoff, and Rogers.  Although S.H.I.E.L.D. seemed willing to cut its losses with the Good Doctor Jekyll and the ever-elusive Prince of Asgard, they had not ruled out Tony Stark as a potential asset, a super-charged Swiss Army knife.They wanted him.It’s good to want things, Tony thought blithely, gulping down a glass of scotch to burn the ugly taste from his mouth, looking out at the dark, glittering city from the top of Stark Tower and wondering what kind of view Rogers had.  At least Cap had kept the hounds away from Tony’s doorstep. It was only fair.  Thor was off-world, Banner was AWOL, and Barton and Romanoff had slipped back into their S.H.I.E.L.D. roles without so much as a thanks-for-all-the-fish.  Tony had served his country; as far as he was concerned, he owed them nothing more.  He had given them more than they had ever given him.  S.H.I.E.L.D. had rejected him for irredeemable character flaws.  He was not about to sign a blank check of forgiveness.Besides, S.H.I.E.L.D. already had their token savior.  Rogers even dressed the part, trussed up in red-white-and-blue.  Declarations of independence be damned, Steve Rogers marched to the tune of Fury’s fife.  He was theirs to the bone, carved out of the same cloth as every other agent.  S.H.I.E.L.D. could be greedy, but at least they had him.But they were fools.  Because no matter outward appearances, Rogers was a wolf in man’s clothing.  He could not be trus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Slow Burn
Protective Steve Rogers
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Hurt Tony Stark
Team as Family
Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Steve Rogers
Drama & Romance
Mild Sexual Content
Heavy Angst
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Mental Health Issues
Angst with a Happy Ending
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Suspense
Time Travel
Arc Reactor Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

