Work Text:

The first question anyone asks when the Stark Industries employee in charge of their tour opens the floor for questions is “Do you know Peter? He works here.”

 

Monica kicks herself for not warning Peter that this would happen, but in her defense, Peter’s an exceptionally bright boy and she’d assumed he’d have figured that out for himself. Sometimes it seems like all of Peter’s common sense has been diverted into academic ability, leaving nothing behind for things like risk analysis and social judgement. It’s actually something she sees quite a lot at Midtown, because the acceptance criteria are so heavily weighted towards scholastic achievement. Still, she had thought Peter would be expecting this. Apparently not, because he’s gone bright red and is sinking down in his chair, hoping to turn invisible.

 

“I’m afraid I don’t know anyone called Peter,” the employee answers, “Any more questions before we get started?” She is a warm, motherly, middle-aged woman from the HR department, called Nancy, and has so far been very patient. Stark Industries is making an effort at appearing transparent and open in order to improve public relations, which is why they are allowing select school visits, but it’s clear the staff aren’t used to crowds of teenagers.

 

“But didn’t you hire him? Peter Parker? He’s over there.” Betty points at Peter, who is shaking his head frantically and motioning for her to stop talking.

 

“You seem to have been misinformed, young lady,” Nancy’s motherly demeanor becomes suddenly stern as she takes in Peter. “Stark Industries does not employ anyone under the age of twenty-one. Peter, is it? I’m sure you just wanted to impress your classmates and not do any harm, but the penalties for falsely claiming to be employed here are very severe.”

 

Peter looks like he’s about to cry. Monica starts to suggest she, Peter and Nancy speak privately to sort the situation out, but she’s drowned out by a babble of voices leaping to Peter’s defense.

 

“But he does work here!”


“He has an internship!”


“He works in the labs.”


“Tony Stark called him in class!”


“It was a video call, we all saw it, he was telling Peter off for messing up his labs.”


“Show her your ID, Peter!”


“Tony Stark said Peter was his intern in front of all of us!”

 

Nancy from HR stares at them in confusion. “Tony Stark called your class?”

 

Michelle Jones casually cuts across the noise. “Peter works in Tony Stark’s private labs, he’s probably never met anyone else. Happy takes him straight in the back entrance.” Everyone turns to look at her. “What? I see things. I’m not watching him or anything.” She returns to her sketch of Peter’s horrified face.

 

“If I could speak with you a moment, Nancy, we’ll sort this out,” Monica says, “Peter, you too. Everyone quiet down and listen while Mr Harrington goes over the trip rules again. We won’t be a moment.”

 

Nancy beckons Monica and Peter into her office. Monica ushers Peter in, marvelling at the fact that he seems considerably more nervous than he’d seemed at any point last time she’d seen him in the Stark Industries building. 

 

“So you claim to work for Mr Stark,” Nancy begins.

 

“I do work for Mr Stark,” Peter can’t seem to help sounding defensive, “It’s kind of meant to be a secret, though.”

 

Nancy looks skeptical. “You have a secret internship with Mr Stark?”

 

Peter opens his mouth, but Monica speaks before he can dig the hole any deeper. “I have personally spoken to Mr Stark about Peter’s internship. The project he is working on is highly confidential and Peter’s employment has been shared with as few people as possible. I have a copy of the paperwork with me, if you’d like to see it.” She pulls it out, passing it across the table to Nancy.

 

Nancy reads it, pressing her lips together. She sets it down, looking up at Peter. “I’ll need to see your ID.”

 

Peter hesitates. “I don’t have any ID.”

 

Monica stifles a groan. She’d thought Tony Stark or Happy the Asset Manager would have made Peter some kind of ID by now, especially after how much trouble Peter had experienced trying to speak to Ms Potts to tell her about the bomb last time. “Can you call someone?”

 

“I handed my phone in at security.”

 

Monica sighs. “If you could call Mr Hogan on the number supplied, it would be greatly appreciated. The kids have been looking forward to this trip for weeks, I’d prefer not to hold it up any longer than necessary.”

 

Nancy dials the number. They wait while it rings, five times, ten times, fifteen times. Happy finally picks up, sounding out of breath and impatient. “What is it? I’m busy.”

 

“Good morning Mr Hogan, this is Nancy Mulligan from HR, I have a high school student on site for a school trip, claiming to work for Mr Stark but unable to supply me with any identification-” 

 

“Peter doesn’t need ID,” Happy interrupts, “Don’t bother me with this again.”


“Hi Happy,” Peter calls, “Do you need any help? We’re just gonna be looking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
POV Outsider
teacher pov
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Interns & Internships
Stark Industries

fandom: 
None
