Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When Bucky woke that morning, it was with a sense of dread. He jerked awake instead of waking slowly, and immediately tapped his phone to confirm the date, a part of him hoping he’d somehow gone back in time in his sleep. But no, there it was. March tenth. His twenty-third birthday.
It wasn’t the fact that it was his birthday that was the problem. His birthday didn’t mean much anymore, having become just another day over the past few years. No, the problem was today was the official day he would start choosing an alpha. An alpha he didn’t want or have any desire for.
The fact was, Bucky didn’t want a mate, not really. He could see the appeal of having a partner, sure, but to have to select an alpha who would likely expect him to be submissive and tend to their every whim...it made Bucky feel sick. But it wasn’t up to him.
After Thanos took out half of the world’s population, things had changed. Omegas of breeding age were now expected to, well, breed. Or at least be mated so the possibility was there. The government had put in place a mating program, essentially a matching service, to find compatible alphas and omegas and bring them together, no doubt with the hope of increasing the population.
The fact was, his already small town now had a population cut in half and in five short years, the number of unmated omegas of breeding age had dwindled to one. Just him. It left him in the unenviable position of being the most eligible man in town. Any unmated alpha who desired their own omega seemed to be interested now, where previously the fact that he was a male omega would have put many of them off straight away, and the fact that he didn’t believe in traditional designation roles even more so. But now...it seemed beggars couldn’t be choosers, which meant he had government assigned protection to defend him from unwanted advances, with the caveat that when he reached twenty-three, which was considered the optimal breeding age by most doctors, that he would have three months to find a mate.
And now that day was here. Clint, one of the betas assigned to him from Shield—the government agency in charge of population—had already explained the process. It had already started, in fact. He’d been given written profiles and pictures on any alphas who had applied with an interest in meeting him, that Shield had then deemed worthy enough. It made Bucky feel like a piece of meat to be auctioned off.
He’d been brutal in cutting through them. He felt that he had a strong bullshit meter and he could see the thinly-veiled attempts to seem like a modern alpha, where really he could tell the guy would want him presenting in a second. He’d cut it down to just three to meet. And he had to meet them today. Here, at his home.
He’d been extremely hesitant about the alphas coming to his home, but at the same time, he didn’t think he could face it elsewhere. He needed to feel like he was in his territory to feel safer. Still, the idea of them being in his house filled him with even more dread. But it was the best option he had.
Bucky got dressed slowly, feeling a little like he was leading himself to his own execution. It felt like the world was closing in on him, the grey lifeless clouds hanging in the sky outside rolling in on him, settling over him like a fog.
He tried to focus on the practical things instead. He applied a ton of his scent blocking roll-on, because the last thing he needed was an alpha going crazy at the scent of him, and he tried his best to look as unappealing as possible, pulling on an oversized faded grey sweatshirt and his loosest jeans, giving himself a faint hobo look, leaving his hair down and messy. As he looked in the mirror, he felt sure that none of the alphas today would find him attractive. And that was really his goal. To get rejected by all three. He’d be forced to meet more, but he planned to do the same with all of them for as long as it took until Shield gave up on the idea of him being a viable mate for someone. Then maybe he could just be left alone.
A knock sounded on his reinforced front door as Bucky trundled down his staircase. It was the most ominous sound Bucky had ever heard. He walked over through the living room slowly, checking the peephole to make sure it was Clint.
“Hey man, it’s Clint, happy birthday!” he heard Clint yell through the door.
The thing was, Bucky liked Clint. He was funny and chill and seemed to find this whole thing almost as dumb as Bucky did, but he did his job and didn’t argue against it. His birthday greeting just felt like a kick in the teeth.
Bucky gritted his teeth and opened the door to find Clint standing there with a large blond man. Definitely an alpha, though clearly wearing scent blocker. He also happened to be the most gorgeous man Bucky had ever seen in real life. His gold hair looked so soft, and his perfect clean-shaven jawline and those soft-looking pink
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
AU
But the snap happened
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Pining
Mutual Pining
Angst
Explicit Sexual Content
Bodyguard Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
omega rights
Matchmaking
Baker Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt Bucky Barnes
A little bit Romeo and Juliet going on
Forbidden Love
Past Sexual Assault
Nick Fury is a dick
Matt Murdock in name only
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Eventual Smut
Non-con/rape themes
Mentions of suicide attempts/suicidal ideation
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Post-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

