Work Text:
-
 
 
Tony Stark is interesting.
 
 
Amora is pacing, stalking from one end of her workshop to the other. Loki watches her with a bored expression, lounging against the edge of a table. He still thinks she’s overreacting. When he tells her so, she comes to a halt and glares at him. “How am I supposed to refine my spell when you throw a magical tantrum because I attacked one of our enemies? He insulted my craft!”
 
 
“He was insulting me. Stark and I trade insults all the time,” Loki points out. “You shouldn’t have interfered.”
 
 
“You and your flyting obsession.” She folds her arms. “I’ve never understood why you enjoy it so.”
 
 

‘You? Considerate? More like deliberate.’

 
 
Stark hadn’t even been trying to flyte. If he already has such an affinity for rhyme, imagine what he could be capable of by putting in real effort.
 
 
Amora’s still glaring at him. Loki straightens, returning her gaze coolly. “Do you want my help or not?” Expression souring, she nods. They both know she has no choice if she wants to meet her aims. “Then Stark is off-limits.”
 
 
Stark is an amusement. His insults, diverting. Nothing more.
 
 
-
 
 
Doom doesn’t seem all that impressed, though this may be because he’s still sore about the ease in which Loki bypassed all his security measures to gain access to his laboratory.
 
 
“I can even bolster your Doombot ranks with a number of illusions,” Loki says reasonably.
 
 
Doom’s eyes are wary behind his mask. “It’s unlike you to make such an offer without requesting a favour to be owed to you by Doom.”
 
 
“No favour.” Loki assures him. “It’s purely a bit of mischief for the Avengers.”
 
 
The man is still suspicious. “Doom has heard Iron Man seeks to track certain magics.”
 
 
“Does he?” Loki asks idly, pretending to survey the partially disassembled Doombot on the worktable. It’s harder than he expects to keep his expression from revealing anything.
 
 
To hear Stark flyting in earnest was everything Loki had thought it would be. His opener had been well crafted, and the quality of his form hadn’t lessened at all when he’d been responding to Loki’s insults. Clearly, Stark’s quick wit and ingenuity isn’t limited to his combat ability.
 
 
It felt so good to have a worthy opponent. And Stark had offered to flyte with him again, after all.
 
 
“Do you think Miss Storm will think less of Mr. Fantastic for outsourcing a solution?” Loki glances up, tuts lightly. “He certainly doesn’t have the aptitude to contest my barriers himself.” Doom is always desperate for any opportunity to humiliate Richards, thinking it will somehow impress Storm. And sure enough, the man now looks thoughtful. “Iron Man will be my concern, and easily managed.”
 
 
He wonders whether Stark will realise he’s orchestrated this entire venture.
 
 
-
 
 
He infiltrates General Ross’s compound out of curiosity; he knows the man is obsessed with Doctor Banner’s inner beast. His research seems to be about replicating and controlling creatures of that ilk rather than destroying them. Either way, it’s not something that would usually be worth Loki’s time.
 
 
But Stark likes Banner and the Hulk. And Stark really dislikes Ross.
 
 
He can understand why, when he’s subjected to Ross’s smug face. The man is an imbecile if he truly thinks the soldiers levelling their weapons at him pose any sort of deterrent.
 
 
“I wonder,” he remarks innocently, “how relevant it would be for me to call these experiments of yours Abominations.”
 
 
An imbecile, with no sense of humour, Loki concludes as he’s placed into a holding cell. He doesn’t respond to any of Ross’s comments on his inferiority; the man may think he’s being insulting, but Loki’s become spoiled for better.
 
 
Shortly afterwards, the mutated soldiers escape their confinement. Ross’s face is a blotchy red as he shouts. “What did you do?”
 
 
“Nothing.” Loki smiles widely from where he’s lazing casually on the floor. “But I’m a god: chaos tends to follow in my wake.” It’s mostly the truth; though, in this case, he also slowed the rate of the sedatives which were being administered by half, suspecting it would be enough to rouse the subjects.
 
 
“I will make you regret this!” Ross storms off, bellowing orders at his soldiers.
 
 
Loki leaves an illusion of himself behind in the cells and prowls invisibly through the compound. Just as he locates the laboratory where the genetic samples are being kept, there comes the sound of a distant commotion. The Avengers are clearly on the scene. He teleports outside and finds a mutated soldier with its hand around Iron Man’s throat.
 
 
A possessive fury rages through him. The only one allowed to lay hands on Stark’s neck is him.
 
 
The urge to gut the creature, to mark Stark as his while they’re both splattered with its blood, is rather unexpected. He elects to hurl the creature aside instead.
 
 
They are ‘Loki’ and ‘Stark.’ Stark’s eyes are bright with humour as he peels away the damaged pieces of his armour. He calls Ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Tony Stark & Thor
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Tony Stark
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Odin & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fighting
flyting
flaunting
Flirting
Banter
Insults
Affectionate Insults
Poetry
Rhymes
Magic
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Genius Tony Stark
Tony Stark Appreciation
Loki Appreciation
mutual appreciation
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Smitten Loki (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
Smitten Tony Stark
supportive team
JARVIS Knows All and Enables
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Nick Fury is Not Amused
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Taking advantage of a brief cameo to reiterate that Magneto Was Right is always relevant
Enemies to Lovers
courting
Courtship
Sexual Content
Praise Kink
Fluff
Romance
Marriage Proposal
Betrothal contracts
Gift Giving
Meeting the Parents
Asgard is Not Prepared for Tony Stark at all
Odin (Marvel) is Not Prepared for Tony Stark either
Family Dynamics
Awkward Conversations
Shovel Talk
But not in the traditional manner
Resolved Sexual Tension
Teasing
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Tony Stark & Thor
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Tony Stark
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Odin & Tony Stark

