Work Text:
- Maisie's pretty sure her grandmother's new neighbors are spies.They've got a landscaping business, technically -- or at least that's what the logo on their pick-up truck says -- but she's suspicious, okay: neighbors are nosy, neighbors ask questions and notice things, like how Maisie's grandmother takes more looking after than she does the looking after, and if that happens, people are going to get involved since Maisie's only fifteen, and that's the last thing she wants.Self-preservation drives her to wake before dawn, pour coffee into a thermos, and camp out in the tree by the fence line between their properties.("Well, I can tell you who isn't a spy," Twitch tells her later. "You. Why would you bring a shiny reflective thermos to a stake-out?")There's a lot of exercise, is the first thing she notices: stretching, jogging, sparring, like martial arts or whatever. Nobody's that attentive about their physical fitness who isn't a government agent, Maisie decides, with the logic of someone whose knowledge of the world comes largely from Netflix.The woman's the best -- Natalie, she calls herself when she catches Maisie by the mailbox: she walks the cat when they get one, harness and everything. Maisie's grandmother makes a mild comment about people resembling their pets, which makes Maisie choke, because the neighbors also have a big dumb blonde dog who barks at Maisie's tree, and yeah, no, that thing is a dead ringer for Cap.Natalie never has to tap out of a match before the others do, and she makes Maisie feel awed and inadequate at the same time, because Maisie can't even touch her toes.There's Sam and Twitch and Captain America, whose real name actually is Steve, so you'll forgive Maisie for the nickname. She won't say it to his face, of course, because how many times since Steve Rogers woke up to you think this Steve has heard that joke?She climbs the tree and spies on the spies, and a storm comes through the last week of June, the kind where the sky turns green like it's been poisoned and the trees toss their heads, bridling and bucking, before everything goes dark and horrible and the rain hits like a shout, taking out the gutters and drainpipes on her grandmother's house and flooding her basement.Sam and Cap show up the next morning with a ladder while she's downstairs with a pushbroom, which is how Maisie meets them officially.She doesn't let them in, but she makes her grandmother call out a greeting and then brings them ice water in beer tumblers that she had to rinse the dust out of as they repair the damage."I thought neighbors just left each other alone these days," she says, trying to be pointed without sounding ungrateful: she'd spent ten minutes crying in the bathroom that morning, wondering how she was going to fix this. The last thing she wants to do is complain. But nice neighbors are even worse than nosy ones.Atop the ladder, Cap returns mildly, "We could just be friends on Facebook if you'd rather. Then we'd never have to talk.""Yeah, man, she might even be your fifth friend, you sure you can handle that?" Sam interjects, and without pausing, Cap scoops up a sloppy handful of last autumn's soggy leaves and throws them down. Sam yelps.Sometimes, Maisie thinks, when they're sparring, Cap lets his friends win. But only sometimes.(She's not sure what happened to the real Captain America after he got arrested. There'd been a lot of noise about how maybe he died in that whole mess in D.C., but then he didn't. There'd been a picture of him afterwards, visiting a ward of recovering agents, his own IV pole in hand -- someone leaked it to Instagram in all its filtered glory. Captain America thanks loyal agents, the news said. Loyal, whatever that meant: SHIELD vs. Hydra was all a bit beyond her. But the image stuck with Maisie anyway, because the first thing you noticed looking at it was that there were at least fifty people in the shot -- some in bed, most up and gathered about -- and Cap was the only white guy in the room. Maisie thinks that says a lot.So maybe she's projecting a little bit, but she really wants her neighbor with the same name to be somebody she can trust that much.)It takes her two weeks of intermittent early morning observing before she finally clues in to the fact that Sam and Natalie don't actually live on property, at least not in any permanent sense, and that's only because she overhears Sam saying "-- nah, man, I already got some at my place, but thanks," before he shuts the sliding patio door.And, like, she's seen Friends, so she knows that somewhere, there are the kind of friends who are over in each other's places so often they're practically renting out each other's pockets.It just makes her feel inadequate again. Where are the people who like her that much? Where are the people who, given a choice between their own homes and her company, would choose her company the way Sam and Natalie clearly choose Cap and Twitch? Like the sofas and the beds and the kitch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
POV Outsider

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

