Work Text:

Monica stands with her back to the wall beside the open doors of the school gymnasium, monitoring the students as they file in for assembly. There have been growing bullying problems recently, mostly verbal and online, although there have been one or two incidents of physical violence. Principal Morita’s solution to the problem is to gather the entire school in the gym and have a group of college students perform anti-bullying songs to them. Monica has doubts about it working, but, hey, you never know what’ll take.

 

She confiscates a remote control car from a freshman and two phones from seniors before she spies Peter Parker and Michelle Jones come in and park themselves as close to the back of the crowd as possible. Ned Leeds if off sick today, so it’s just the two of them. Monica’s class had been strangely quiet without Ned’s constant excited whispering to Peter. Michelle is holding a book, her thumb marking her place as she looks around her. Peter sits next to her, huddled in a too-big hoodie with the hood up to partially obscure his face. He’s wearing sunglasses and Monica can see the wires of his headphones snaking out of hood. If it were anyone else, she’d suspect them of being hungover, but Peter seems to have neither the time nor the inclination for that sort of thing. Plus, while Monica doesn’t know the ins and outs of Peter’s condition, she doubts he can get drunk, let alone hungover.

 

She makes her way over to them. “Put the book away, Michelle,” she warns sternly, “This is an important assembly, you need to listen. Peter, hood down, sunglasses off, earbuds out. Now.”

 

Peter twitches slightly at her voice, but he removes his hood and sunglasses, blinking rapidly and squinting at her. 

 

“Earphones too, Peter,” she tells him. Peter’s not the type to bully anyone, but the message of the assembly is a good thing for anyone to hear. Besides, she can’t enforce a rule selectively. It’s not fair.

 

“It’s not turned on,” he says.

 

“You still need to take them out,” she tells him, holding out her hands for his headphones. “Set an example for the younger kids.”

 

Slowly, he reaches up to pull the headphones out. “It’s really loud in here,” he comments as he hands them over.

 

Monica thinks nothing of it until she reaches her spot by the door again and turns to look out over the crowd of students. Peter is hunched in a ball, hood up, hands over his ears. Monica looks down at the item in her hands and realises what she’s holding is not a cheap, tinny set of headphones, but ergonomically designed earplugs with advanced noise-cancelling technology, made to mimic the appearance of ordinary headphones. She’s about to go back and return them when Principal Morita takes the stage. Out of the corner of her eye, Monica sees Michelle slip her own headphones into Peter’s hand. Too late, Monica remembers Peter listening in to Tony Stark’s conversation on the other side of the Stark Industries building, hearing every word perfectly. She vaguely remembers Tony Stark mentioning something about senses, but it had got lost in everything else from that day and she’d forgotten about it. The super-hearing had seemed at the time to be something Peter could turn on and off, but she’s realising now that it might not be, and that’s kind of horrifying.

 

The noise of a thousand students talking and moving around dies down slowly, but Principal Morita’s microphone screeches loudly as he removes it from the stand. Monica sees Peter clamp his hands over his ears. Michelle leans in to him, her normally impassive face concerned.

 

The anti-bullying band starts their presentation with a shrieking microphone and a furious drum solo. Halfway through the first song, Monica decides she has to step in. Peter’s curled up, head buried in his arms. Michelle, by her standards, is looking positively frantic, although no-one around them seems to have noticed her worry as she gently pulls at Peter’s arm, trying to get him to stand up. Monica, making as little fuss as possible, clears a path through the students surrounding them. She crouches to speak to Peter, her worry growing as she takes in his trembling form and short, sharp breaths. He lifts his head, flinching away from her touch on his shoulder. His face is ghostly pale, a faint sheen of sweat covering his skin. He takes his noise-cancelling earbuds from her, just lucid enough to put them in himself. They seem to help just enough that he allows Monica and Michelle to guide him to his feet and through the space between the students, out into the corridor.

 

Peter’s disorientated, spinning in a panicked circle in the corridor, stumbling slightly. He’s got his sunglasses back on, but his eyes are squeezed tightly shut beneath them. His hands are still shaking. Michelle takes his arm in hers and leads him towards the nurse’s office. “I can hear your heartbeat, MJ,” Peter mumbles.    

 

“You’re going to be fine,” Michelle tells him firmly.

 

Monica follows 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Protective Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
POV Outsider
teacher pov
Sensory Overload
Sick Peter Parker
emergency contact
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

