Chapter 1: Peter Parker and the Terrible, Horrible, Very Bad, No Good Day
    




Chapter Text
Really, he should have expected this. It was just his Parker Luck™ that his year’s senior field trip turned out to be the literal worst place he could think of. Peter had always hated going on field trips. They never turned out good for him (read: the spider bite at Oscorp and a literal alien invasion that had him in trouble with his school for weeks when he couldn’t tell them where he’d run off to during his Decathlon tournament,) but this one would be the most disastrous for one reason and one reason only.They were going to Stark Industries.Had it been a few years ago, Peter would have been as ecstatic as Ned at the prospect of touring the most scientifically advanced company in the world and would have crossed his fingers that they’d run into Tony Stark, himself, while they were there. Now, however, the thought of touring his own home and running into his dad was much less thrilling. Not that anyone knew that he’d been adopted by Tony and Pepper nearly a year prior. Well, with the exception of Ned and MJ, who already knew everything, anyway, after MJ admitted to figuring out his identity shortly after he’d told Ned.The year before, Aunt May had accosted him in the doorway after school, too excited to possibly wait until the announcement dinner Happy had planned for that night, and told him that she was engaged. Peter had been overjoyed; he liked Happy and knew he could be a real sweetheart when he wasn’t around Tony or dealing with problems the Avengers caused on a near daily basis, and he thought May deserved to be happy.The ceremony had been small; the Avengers and Peter’s friends had been the only ones in attendance, but Peter knew neither newlywed wanted something big. A few months after, Peter began to notice things. It wasn’t that they were annoyed with his presence and he knew that his aunt loved him like her own son, but he realized that Aunt May had always wanted her own children and had said on more than one occasion that she’d like to move outside the city (seriously, why do all these alien invasions start in Manhattan?) and he found himself feeling like he was intruding more often than not. So it wasn’t as hard of a decision as he thought to suggest that Tony and Pepper adopt him. He spent most of his time at the Tower, anyway, and it would give her the freedom to move and start a family without worrying about uprooting him from his school and offsetting his Spider-Man responsibilities.There’d been a lot of tears that night, but Peter softly reminded the woman clinging to his shirt with her face buried in his chest (when did you get so tall, Pete?) that really, what was changing? She’d always be his aunt and it wasn’t like they’d never see each other again. She only released him when he promised up and down that he’d stay with her for a full weekend every month and that he’d be the best cousin to her future kids.Asking Tony to adopt him the next morning when he went into work was nerve-wracking to say the least, and Peter hadn’t been able to get through the whole proposal without stuttering and flushing an alarming shade of bright red. Tony had been absolutely overjoyed and admitted, to Peter’s absolute chagrin and delight, that he’d always seen Peter as his son. Pepper had expressed a similar thought with a warm grin as she kissed his forehead.The paperwork had been drawn up fast; courtesy of having the most influential man in America as both a billionaire and the literal savior of the city several times over as your future father. Which, if he took the time to really think about it, still took Peter’s head for a spin even after a year of acclimating. They hadn’t announced the adoption publicly (Peter didn’t even want to think about the repercussions of coming out as Tony Stark’s kid with his class and the press-- Flash still thought he was lying about his internship and there was no way he’d believe Ironman was his dad) but Peter had okay’d Tony’s decision to announce it to the Avengers.Everyone had been elated and Peter found himself thrust headfirst into the most welcoming, loving, dysfunctional family of superheroes there was. He loved his many, many, many aunts and uncles dearly.But he couldn’t help but despise them a little at the moment because there was no way his father didn’t know about the trip and there was a very high probability that the “yearly family dinner” Tony planned was set for the day of the trip for the express purpose of gathering all Avengers to the Tower, whether they were on missions or not, to embarrass him in front of his classmates. He just really hoped no one found out about his late night activities involving him running around in spandex busting Bad Guys™ and helping little old ladies cross the street.“Peter, you okay?” Ned questioned, a concerned frown on his face, from his desk beside Peter.The boy merely groaned as Mr. Warren, following the announcement that had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
really all the Avengers
Irondad
Parent Tony Stark
Married Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter is their son
aunt may isnt dead
happy is happy
Field Trip
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Kid Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Natasha Romanov
literally just for fun
overused field trip prompt
Flash is a jerk
but he gets whats coming to him
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Clint is in the vents
BAMF Tony Stark
fangirl ned
crisis notebook makes an appearance
Dysfunctional Family
but we love them anyway
Is this too many tags

fandom: 
None
