Work Text:
Peter had just finished his last day of classes and was officially on summer break for 3 months. He was driving back home to give his parents a surprise. They knew that he was coming back that day but he hadn’t told them just when he would arrive. When he arrived home, he parked his car in the driveway and walked in to go greet his parents. “Pops, dad I’m home.” He didn’t receive a reply which was weird because normally his parents were always there to greet him and smother him with their love and kisses. He put his bags down near the sofa and slowly walked his way up the stairs to see if they were in some room with the door closed that they couldn’t hear him. When he reached the top of the stairs he checked each room but they weren’t there but when he got closer and closer to his parents room he could here grunts coming from there. As soon as he got in front of their room he could clearly here what was going on due to his enhanced senses. What he heard turned his face red but it also turned him on. “OH FUCK, OH FUCK STEVE. YES YES YES HARDER. GO HARDER FUCK BABE YES. DEEPER, DEEPER, DEEPER. I FUCKING LOVE YOUR COCK. IT FEELS SO GOOD INSIDE ME FUCK.” Tony screamed as Steve pounded him harder, faster and deeper. “Fuck babe. You’re still so tight for me. How are you so fucking tight. I stretched you out for 30 minutes just to get you ready and you’re still so tight. Do you like it baby? Do you like it when daddy fucks you deep in your hole?” Steve purred out. “YES, YES, YES DADDY YES. I LOVE IT DADDY. I LOVE IT WHEN YOU FUCK ME DEEP IN MY HOLE. OH SHIT I’M GONNA COME STEVE, I’M GONNA CUM.” “Me too sweetheart. You wanna be a good boy and cum with daddy baby?” “Yes please daddy, let me cum.” “Okay sweetheart. On the count of 3. 1, 2, 3, come for me.” And Tony did with a shout of “DADDY” and his cock spurted come in between their bodies as Steve slammed in one more time and released his come inside his husband with a shout. They both panted before Steve pulled out of Tony, plopped next to him. They both shared a kiss before they fell asleep. Outside the door, Peter had heard everything that went on between his parents. He would be lying if he said that it didn’t make him hard or turn him on. He ran to his room as quickly as possible. He closed the door, took off his pajamas, got into bed and took his painful hard on in his hand. He hissed out at the contact and quickly looked over to his side table and saw that there was a bottle of lotion. He grabbed the bottle, squirted some in his hand and gently began to rub up and down his cock. His moans got louder and louder and he teased himself, bringing himself to almost cum but then stopping. He kept chanting “daddy, oh daddy go faster. Papa, papa please let me cum. I’m a good boy.” He was so loud that he didn’t hear anyone open his door until he heard a “Peter”.  Peter froze. He looked over to see who it was and he saw both of his parents standing there with neutral expressions on their faces. He quickly covered himself with the blankets trying to hide himself and what he had just been doing. His hard on was still erect and he couldn’t help but flush even more that he had just got caught by his parents when he was moaning their names. Oh god what had he just done. He, a 24 year old boy, was caught by his own parents who he was masturbating to. Peter wanted to die right then and there. He couldn’t believe that this had just happened. Tony cleared his throat before starting to speak but he was cut off when Peter started to ramble out apologizes. “I’m sorry dad. I’m sorry pops. God I’m so disgusting. I’m so so so sorry. You can kick me out if you want, I’ll even-mhpm,” he was cut off when Steve pressed his lips against his own. Peter was shocked. His pops, his papa was kissing him, on the lips, in front of his dad and neither of them seemed to care that this was happening. In fact they were all turned on about what was going to happen in a couple of minutes. When they broke apart Peter looked at his pops in shocked. “Wh-what just happened?” Tony chuckled and came in front of Peter. He gently took his face in his hands and kissed his son sweetly. He mumbled against his son’s mouth and said “why don’t you continue what you were doing before we walked in sweetheart?” Peter moaned into the kiss. The thought of him masturbating, but this time with his parents watching had turned him on greatly. Steve and Tony quickly undressed themselves and threw the covers off of the bed. They laid down on each side of their son so he could be in the middle. “Alright sweetheart. Why don’t you continue with where you left off before you were interrupted by us?” Peter took more lotion in his hand before slowly moving it down his body until he wrapped it around his cock. He looked up to both of them to ask permission and they nodded. He started to move his hand up and down, starting off slow to tease them. Steve and Tony both leaned down and took each nipple in their mouth and start
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter is 24
Everything is consensual
Smut
Parent/Child Incest
Father/Son Incest
Caught
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Double Anal Penetration
cock riding
Mutual Masturbation
Multiple Orgasms
Daddy Kink
Masturbation
lotion as lube
I am going to hell

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker

