Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony paced the floor in the living room, anxiously waiting for his dumb Spiderling to return from patrol. It was way past midnight and the kid was supposed to have returned over an hour ago. Peter Parker was in for one hell of a lecture. He'd tried contacting Karen but he hadn't been able to get through, nor had he managed to track the kid's location. If Tony found out that Peter and his friend Ted had hacked the suit again, both of them were gonna be in for it. Peter was staying over that weekend since summer break had begun last week and May had left for some much needed girl time.  He'd left at about nine and hadn't returned yet.  Tony was man enough to admit that he loved that reckless, idiotic Spiderchild to pieces. Yes, the same one who was responsible for all the grey hair he possessed. Whilst Peter successfully gave him multiple near heart-attacks quite frequently, there was nothing Tony wouldn't do for that kid. "Boss, Peter Parker is approaching the tower. ETA eleven minutes." Tony would've hugged the AI had she been standing before him. He let out a relieved breath he didn't realise he'd been holding.  Sure enough, exactly eleven minutes later, Spiderman swung inside through the window Tony had left open.  The vigilante pulled off the mask to reveal the face of one Peter Parker. "Hey, Mr. Stark." Tony first scanned the kid with a quick glance and was pleased to note that Peter was unharmed. "You okay, kid? Any injuries I need to know about? Or do I need to ask FRIDAY?" Peter shook his head. "I'm fine, sir. I swear." That's when Tony gave way to the displeasure. He crossed the distance between them until he was a foot away and crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow at Peter.  "So Underoos, care to tell me why you've missed curfew? And why was your suit not responding when I tried to contact you? No you put that lip right back in. Pouting isn't gonna cut it tonight, kid." Peter stared at his mentor and chuckled nervously.  "Aw come on, Mr. Stark, you can't be mad at me now." Peter wrapped his arms around Mr. Stark and squeezed him in a giant hug. "Could you please, please yell at me in the morning when I'm less zombie and more... awake? I swear I'm fine." Half his words were muffled by the ginormous yawn Peter let out into the man's shoulder which was suddenly very comfortable. If Mr. Stark was mad at him now, Peter couldn't even begin to imagine how pissed the man was gonna he when he found out what Peter had been doing out on patrol.  His head was throbbing and he was having a really hard time playing it cool. He buried his face deeper into the warm material of his mentor's sweatshirt.  Peter should have known better than to go after those goons without informing Tony. But they'd been stealing some weird tech and he couldn't let them get away.  In the process, the tech had exploded, his suit had come in contact with the chemicals resulting in the temporary disablement and Peter was sure he'd inhaled something he wasn't supposed to.  But of course he wasn't going to mention all that to Mr. Stark. Not if he wanted to spend the remainder of his teenage life without being grounded.  Peter would rather face a bunch of armed criminals than an angry Tony Stark.  Mr. Stark uncrossed his arms and wrapped them around Peter: one hand rested on his back and the other automatically buried itself in the kid's chocolate curls.  "You're damn lucky I love you, kid." Peter hid his smug but thrilled  smile, a smile which turned to a yelp when Mr. Stark pulled away and tugged his ear, a gesture that was both fond and reprimanding.  "Don't think for even a second that you're off the hook. We're gonna talk about this in the morning. For now, permission granted to hit the hay." "G'night, Mr. Stark." Peter was relieved when he got away. He reached his room and threw himself on the bed without bothering to take off his suit. The cool pillow underneath his head felt like pure heaven.  
Hopefully the next day would be more... boring.
 ****** Peter's eyes blinked open to the familiar view of his bedroom at the Compound. He brushed a hand over his eyes and froze.  Why did his hand look so skinny? Were his fingers always so short?  That's when he noticed the suit. The one he'd slept in last night.  Peter was practically drowning in his suit.  "What the hel—" He abruptly shut up when he heard the sound of his own voice. He hadn't sounded like that since... forever. Peter threw his covers off, kicking them away aggressively and ran to the full length mirror next to his wardrobe. And he screamed.  ***** Tony was in the kitchen, flipping pancakes and waiting for the kid to show up, all bed-headed and adorable, when he heard a high pitched scream from down the hall.  Panic seized him and he dropped the spatula and ran towards Peter's room.  He stopped short when he saw the kid.  Really a kid.  Tony Stark had gone through a lot and seen a lot. Especially after meeting Peter Parker, he'd soon grown accusto
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
Parent Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Adorable Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
De-Aged Peter Parker
No Avengers: Infinity War Spoilers
No Endgame Spoilers
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Kid Peter Parker
Tony loves his Spiderling
Fluff
Platonic Cuddling
Soft Peter Parker
spiderson
Civil War Team Iron Man
Sleepy Peter Parker
Sleepy Cuddles
Smol Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a smol bean who deserves all the love in the world
And his Irondad is gonna give it to him
Pepperony - Freeform
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Tony loves embarrassing his Spiderboy
Tony Stark Feels
Peter Parker Feels
DUM-E is totally Tony’s kid
SO MUCH FLUFF
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

