Chapter 1: A.S.S.H.A.T.
    




Chapter Text
It was a point of both pride and resignation that when SHIELD collapsed, Darcy Lewis was the one to get it trending.Technically, this wasn’t entirely true. Exactly. Only mostly. Like, 98.5% of the credit was hers undeniably. The other 1.5% had everything to do with JARVIS the magical robot butler, who had only been keeping an eye out for that sort of thing at her request. (He probably would have done it anyway, because he always managed to know everything before anyone else ever did, but she’d asked him to, so there.)The fact remained that she had been the one JARVIS had contacted when Black Widow’s infobomb had dropped on Tony’s head (of course Natasha Romanoff would send the download link to Tony Stark first), she had been the one to post the download link to Twitter, and she had been the one who had had the bright idea to use @therealtonystark to do it. It helped that @therealtonystark was, well, Tony Stark’s Twitter. He’d given her dispensation to play with it when she and Jane had first come to Malibu; he barely used it anyway, he needed the internet presence, and Pepper didn’t have time to run it for him, so it had fallen, for some reason, to Darcy. She suspected it had more to do with her ability to snark than her actual qualifications, but she wasn’t about to complain. Besides, Stark had sent her a cackling smiley on the StarkPhone that she’d been equipped with when she’d made her first dick joke on Twitter, so she assumed he approved.Added bonus: anything tweeted by @therealtonystark automatically trended. She wasn’t sure if it was because of JARVIS hacking the system or if Tony was just that popular, but either way, SHIELD’s dirty secrets were now everywhere, and it was all thanks to her. She owned the internet.Boo-yah.“Pardon me, Miss Lewis, but if I may make an observation, getting one topic trending on Twitter does not mean you officially take possession of the internet. Not to mention that the internet itself is—”“Don’t kill the mood, JARVIS.” She’d made sure when Pepper had been asking about outfitting Jane’s office five months ago that they’d get spinny office chairs. A day without spinning-induced nausea was a day wasted. Darcy tucked her feet up under her, watching the download icon ticking through percentages. Even with the Stark intranet being about a billion times faster than plain old regular WiFi, she was still waiting an indecent amount of time to get her hands on the things. And for once, she thought, rolling her lollipop from one cheek to the other, that wasn’t even a metaphor. She was opening files. Holographic ones. With her hands.She really, really loved Malibu.“How’s Jane doing?” she asked through a mouthful of cherry lollipop. Considering it was almost one o’clock—the holographic (holographic!) clock on the wall read 1249—she would have expected Foster the Physicist to be awake by now. Then again, considering she’d had to physically dismantle and carry away the coffee machine yesterday because Jane had been using it as an excuse not to sleep for three days, she really shouldn’t be complaining.JARVIS made a prissy little sound—if AIs could make prissy little sounds instead of technological beeps. “She has not yet awakened, Miss Lewis.”Darcy grunted, and spun her chair again. If there was one thing that was starting to bother her about working out of Malibu, it was the dress code. Darcy Lewis and high heels did not mix. Darcy Lewis and combat boots, or Converse, or really cute flats, sure. Darcy Lewis and plain work heels? Acid on tinfoil. She compensated for it by wearing baggier sweaters than she should have, and sticking with her hats, but there was only so much she could do when she worked in a freaking office building. “What about Pepper?”“Miss Potts is still in a meeting.” There was a pause, where a human being would have hummed. With JARVIS, it probably meant he was collating video feeds together, in case she asked something really stupid, like if Tony was back from the asscrack of the Midwest yet. “She will not be finished with it for some time.”“Did she have the dart board taken out of Board Room Alpha yet?” According to Tony Stark, there was no point in a board room without a dart board. Even if it was hidden behind a secret panel in the south wall. There were few things that were good about getting your house blown up, but Tony Stark had managed to figure out a few things that he’d never had time to install in his old home. And plus, since he’d been living out of the business office for the past who knew how many weeks while the new place was being built, all the genius party!Tony ideas were being implemented at Stark Industries.God, Darcy loved her job.“That was done within twenty minutes of her discovering it, Miss Lewis.”She bit the inside of her cheek, and leaned back in her spinny chair. She’d never quite realized, while Jane was awake, how much of her time was taken up by science. Not just science, but Science!, with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Skye
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Everyone

freeform: 
Women Being Awesome
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Bechdel Test Pass
Badass SHIELD Agents
Darcy Goes Adventuring
Thor Is Not Stupid
Skye Is Not Innocent
Grant Ward Is A Villain
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Canon-Typical Violence
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
Deaf Clint Barton
BAMF Maria Hill
Thor Is A Barista
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Slow Burn
Gwen Stacy Lives
Pepper Potts Is Rescue
Female Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Bisexual Female Character
POV Bisexual Character
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Lots of Cursing
You Think I'm Joking But I Mean Everyone

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Skye
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Everyone

