Chapter 1: Far
    


Notes:
I'm delighted to present you guys with my passion project of a good few months now! And it's... more Hurt Peter and Tactile Irondad... whaddya know?I was fascinated to explore an alternate eventuality of the plot of Infinity War leading into Endgame which sticks pretty closely to canon while switching up a couple of elements... I hope y'all enjoy this first little taste, the next chapters will be out shortly!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Peter’s eyes widen. He’d never dreamed his world would expand so much in one day. The trip to MoMA itself was enough excitement after a certain Friendly Neighbourhood Spider-Man came to the rescue of a few visiting kids who thought it would be smart to get their first taste of parkour on the museum roof. 
Who would be dumb enough to even do that?
 During the trip home, he’d kept his head down and his nose in a book – namely, Doctor Banner’s newest thesis on quantum physics – in an attempt to keep the danger-attracting capacity of his Parker luck from doing any more damage than it needed. Then, with the least comedic comedic timing ever, he’d felt the hairs on his arms prick up, taken one glimpse at the colossal flying doughnut descending on the city, and cursed internally. And yet, the notion of pulling down the window of the school bus and soaring into the (hopefully very metaphorical) jaws of death – and the pride he hoped would paint across Mister Stark’s face after they’d cleaned everything up – was too enticing to resist. So out of the claustrophobic yellow piece of junk he’d dived, taking only a moment to pull his mask and backpack on before he was free-swinging under the bridge and towards the danger. From that moment on, the stakes had only escalated (figuratively and literally). He’d fought a bunch of creepy-looking aliens and ended up in outer space; he’d crash-landed aforementioned colossal doughnut ship with Mister Stark and Doctor Strange; he’d almost been killed by the Guardians of the Galaxy, who turned out to be good guys after all; he’d been introduced to the mind-bending world of Infinity Stones and Mad Titans, piecing together evidence from the exposition Mister Stark threw about. And now Thanos himself is there, the figure that had so distressed Mister Stark while he argued with Strange, and something of the dull gleam in his eyes unsettles Peter to the core - except he’s a little preoccupied right now. It’s not every day that he gets a moon thrown at him. The already-barren landscape of Titan is transformed; it’s a minefield, a hauntingly, terrifyingly beautiful myriad of flames and flying dust. The lack of gravity in Titan’s atmosphere, miraculously, works in his favour; he launches himself through the air, increasing velocity with an airborne double backflip, and shoots a web to attach to a relatively stable-looking structure to his right in order to steer himself that way. Under different circumstances, Peter would be reeling with how insanely cool the meteoric projectiles currently launching in their hundreds at the surface of the planet were, but a twang at the back of his neck alerts him to the unconscious Mantis hurtling past floating debris and he is jarringly reminded of the severity of the situation. 
Shit, shit, shit - there’s more of them-
 But, for all his acrobatics and cries of effort as he twists and leaps through the suspended wreckage, Peter can only save one person at once. Once he has Mantis safely webbed away from the meteorites, he allows the extendable arms of his suit to keep him secured and aims his webshooters frantically at the guy Mister Stark had called Mr. Clean – again, comedy at the worst time – and Mister… that guy who’d threatened him. As he collects the unresponsive Guardians together with multiple strands of webbing, he rambles: “I’ve got you! – I’ve got you!... Sorry, I can’t remember anybody’s names.” He’d chosen to briefly screen out the noises of conflict below, clearly audible to his enhanced ears, but now the Guardians are out of imminent danger, his thoughts fly irrepressibly to Mister Stark. Peter can’t make out any figures through the haze of smoke and fire; he forces down a shudder of terror at how vulnerable he is right now without vision. “Karen? What’s going on down on the surface?” 
“I’m detecting three heat signatures at ground level: two seventy-nine feet to your ten o’clock, and one just under the surface, which matches up to the signal of the Iron Man suit. Two hundred and fourteen feet, six o’clock.”
 
Two hundred and fourteen feet, six o’clock.
 Peter’s extendable suit arms retract, and he dives for the ground. It grates at his nerves to call out loud for his mentor while Thanos is so close at hand, but a primal instinct has pumped him full of too much adrenaline to make a smarter choice. “Mister Stark? Mister – Karen, is he getting out? Is he – is the suit reporting injuries?” “Just bruises. He’s alright.” A t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Irondad
spiderson
Whump
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Awesome Carol Danvers
Carol Danvers is Peter Parker's Mom
Protective Carol Danvers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Stab Wound
Self-Sacrifice
Starvation
Infection
Fever
Illness
hospital angst
Heart Attack
Trauma
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Alternate Ending
Final Battle
The Snap (Decimation)
whether this fic sticks to canon or not is debatable
i'm sorry in advance
I'm Sorry
cry with me after endgame y'all
it'll be okay in the end though
oh and
Tactile Irondad
of course
Fluff
Too!
Fix-It of Sorts
Tony Stark Is Not Emotionally Constipated
for plot purposes

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

