Work Text:
 It was a favor; a small one.It’s subtle and doesn’t ask much, but Tony’s grateful. Really. And thankful, so thankful. And he doesn’t want to toot his own horn, but Tony Stark being grateful and thankful to you comes with some serious perks.No one can ever accuse him of being ungenerous.In fact, quite the opposite.It can be said his generosity is occasionally without a lack of boundaries which. He’s working on it. He may have unceremoniously adopted several teenage geniuses, but that’s not why he’s on trial here, oh no. Because as healing as it is to raise kids with the love, attention, and support he didn’t get as a child from his own father, this particular favor and the subsequent rewards are entirely of a selfish variety altogether.What?Tony never claimed to be a saint.“Is there a reason he’s…”“Glaring?” Tony supplies above a stage whisper.“Attempting to murder me with his face?” Tiberius corrects in a hiss that he’s doing an excellent job of disguising as a politely sneering whisper.Of course, with Super Soldier hearing, Bucky has no problem replying to the accusation with frank finality, “It’s just my face.”And Tony has never been more delighted to be alive until this very moment. “It’s just his face,” he echoes in agreement, a shit-eating grin on his face no matter how hard he tries to soften it into a demure sort of smile.“Well,” Tiberius begins expectantly, raising his eyebrows, waiting for an explanation that Tony’s not going to give until it’s specifically asked of him. He so hates speaking in innuendo with assholes who willfully misunderstand and misinterpret what he's saying, and so gleeful in misconstruing the meanings.Pointedly, Tony compliments the sound of the steak on the menu before subsequently telling the waiter with a thumb over his shoulder to where Bucky is sitting that, “He’ll have the same, medium-rare.”“Sir?”“He’s not much of a talker,” Tony explains, flippant, and if the waiter is concerned that what had appeared to be a romantic date has been ambushed by a man in full White Wolf regalia – in full black, despite the codename – he’s too well-trained to say anything but agree with a bow of, “Yes, sir.”Turning back to Tiberius with a smile like ice wouldn’t melt in his mouth, Tony prods, “You were saying?”
“What is he doing here?” 
Ah, that didn’t take long at all. Though, Tony supposes he can’t fault Tiberius for it. He never did like getting caught off guard, least of all in public, and with so many cameras blinking at them from the window overlooking the street. Tsk, tsk, tsk; Ty’s always had a bit of a temper.“Bucky is a little…overprotective,” Tony chooses to settle on.“Really,” is Ty’s sarcastic reply. “The same man who killed your parents is overprotective?”“He has a lot to make up for,” Tony dismisses easily, like water rolling off a duck’s back. It had taken the better half of two years to get to that point, and while Tony is much more subdued in the accomplishment of that feat, he doesn’t mind flaunting it every now and then. Being the bigger person is strangely freeing once you’ve accepted what is and isn’t your burden to carry anymore. “I could never forgive Rogers for the betrayal of hiding it from me, but Bucky isn’t without redemption especially since it’s something he’s asked for.”“You had Captain America groveling,” and while it had been a glorious experience, it had soured with the knowledge that Rogers hadn’t meant it nearly enough if it meant he couldn’t come back to the United States, and still hadn’t understood how he was wrong in the first place.And now the whole thing is tainted with Ty’s approval of it. Damn it, Tony needs to shower off the ick from it all as soon as he gets home.“And the Winter Soldier,” Tiberius begins anew, expression devious and light as he laughs in kind, “standing watch like a guard dog.”“Woof,” Bucky deadpans and despite how ridiculous it is, no matter how unbothered Tiberius tried to be, he startles enough that the cutlery rattles on the table.Tony’s having the time of his goddamn life, and it’s about to get better: “Actually,” he says, tone leading and coy, “overprotective is perhaps the wrong word.”“Oh, you think?” And Tiberius tries not to sound a little hysterical except Bucky is testing the sharpness of the knives at the table. Speaking loud enough for them to hear, Bucky tells the waiter, “It’s fine, I have my own.”Still feigning ignorance to Tiberius discomfort, Tony hums and says, “Jealous, would be more accurate.”“Jealous,” is the confused echo.“Can’t say I blame him," he shrugs in a what can you do way. "Get a taste of Tony Stark and you’re never the same again – you know how it is, don’t you?” he quips his brow in kind because Tony knows this game – knows that even with the drama of the past three years with the Accords, the collapse of the original Avengers line-up, the estimation of the Titan’s landfall in the next five years and the Rogues’ return, that Stark Industries has proven to be bulletproof – flying ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Secret Relationship
Tumblr Prompt
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony's a little shit
Bucky is murdery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

