Work Text:
“Stop pouting and ignoring me. You’re giving me a complex.” Peter jerks from his thoughts, accidentally whacking his hand against his forehead in the process  of turning around at his dad’s entrance to his room. He hates when he is so distracted that he doesn’t notice when someone he is comfortable with slips by his internal radar. (Then again, there is a tiny, niggling voice at the back of his head that said he’d never feel safe again.)“I am— I’m not pouting,” he sputters, rubbing the tender spot, avoiding his father’s gaze. “Oooh, but you are ignoring me.” Peter keeps doing just that as his dad moves away from the doorway and winds up sitting down on his bed, the added weight dipping near Peter’s knees. Silence festers. A hand settles atop his leg and out of reflex Peter’s eyes flick to it. “Pete,” his dad calls, soft and pleading. He peeks up at him. “Hi.” “Hey, you,” his smile is genuine, though the right side cannot pull up as high as the left because of healing skin leftover from saving the universe. Only so much surgeries can do for a man before the body is left to heal. “I miss you.” His heart clenches. Peter bites his cheeks to keep tears from falling, “I’m right here.”“I’m going to get my heart-to-heart out of you,” his father says, tone pitching as he goes for levity but Peter knows Tony Stark well enough to recognize it as a front to keep out heavy emotions. “I don’t mind waiting but I’m going to have to force it on you at some point. You get your avoidance techniques from me and for that I’m sorry.”Peter scrunches his eyebrows at the proclamation. Instead of continuing with the conversation and the heavy emotions, his father pats his leg twice before standing up. “Pack your bags.” “What?” he says brilliantly, pushing up onto his forearms to watch his dad’s back as he meanders back towards the doorway in Peter’s new bedroom at the lake house. “Why?” “We’re going to California.” “Now?” Peter isn’t expecting a sudden trip. Sudden trips stopped sometime around sixth or seventh grade, when missing school became too much of an unavoidable issue. And technically his father is still recovering and is meant to be taking it easy. And technically he isn’t counting skipping out on outside school functions as trips anymore; not since… well, since. “Ummm….” “Oh no.” his father spins back around, eyebrows pinched, and he mimes a zipping motion. “Not you too. Pep nags me enough and she’s already okayed the trip.” So Peter bites down on his lower lip. California is the best, really. Up until the Avengers assembled full time, Peter and Tony lived in Malibu. Well, that’s not true. It wasn’t until after the loss of their mansion that they moved and that happened after the initial assemble. In fact, Peter remembers how hard he took moving cross country to Manhattan, kicking up a fuss about leaving his home and friends and anything and everything he thought would get his father to reconsider. Nothing changed Tony’s mind. He hated it. Eventually they went back to find Dum-E and U then promptly returned to the east coast. Peter’s yet to return.“We leave in forty-five minutes.” Peter groans, “You couldn’t have given me more time?” A shadow of a smirk echoes on his father’s lips, “And give you the opportunity to back out? Nope. And hey, look at it this way, we can buy whatever you forget to pack.” Momentarily forgetting he is supposed to be ignoring the man, Peter levels his father with all the displeasure he can scrounge up as he inquires, “Where are we staying? It’s not like we have a mansion to go to anymore.” “Forty-five minutes and counting! FRI’s on babysitting duties,” his dad sing-songs on the way out the door, ignoring Peter as expertly as he’s ignoring his father. “Figures,” he grumbles under his breath as his elbows give up on supporting his weight and he lays back down. “Do you need help locating your luggage, Peter?” FRIDAY speaks from on high, all around and as pestering as ever. Despite not knowing where majority of his belongings are now that his father and step-mother moved from a skyscraper with a view to a farmhouse on a lake, Peter petulantly answers, “No.” “If you say so,” replies FRIDAY. “You need only ask like Miss Morgan.” Peter rolls his eyes, buries his face in his pillow, breathes, then slowly rolls off the bed and begins the tedious process of impromptu packing. Everyone treats him differently now that he is suddenly among the living after missing five years inside an infinity stone or gem or rock or whatever the fuck everyone happens to refer to it. His dad is still his dad and yet Peter heard his heart stop and Peter struggles to get over that little tidbit. He is sixteen years old and all he wants is for his dad to make everything better. Physical side-effects of saving the universe are prominent, though slowly fading away, keep Peter from ignoring everything. His heart clenches and spasms whenever he looks at his dad. Peter aches. Tony isn’t exactly being awkward though he is do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Fourth of July
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
mini golf
Fireworks
Family Feels
Grief
Post-Endgame
Fix It
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
AU

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

