Work Text:
Bucky's smile only widens when Steve levels an entirely unimpressed look at him. Looking around once, Steve leans in and hisses, "If you don't stop it I'm going to turn you over my knee!"
A spike of arousal shoots through Bucky so sudden that he feels his eyes widen. Shit, but if that prospect doesn't have him ready to do whatever Steve says. "That a promise?" he asks, dropping his voice until he's almost purring.
And Steve, who a second ago looked more startled at himself than Bucky had been, goes still. Looks at Bucky for one long moment that for some reason makes Bucky nervous, want to drop his gaze; out of pure stubbornness he refuses to, raises his chin and keeps holding Steve's eyes. Then, slowly but perfectly steady, Steve says, "Maybe I should promise instead that I won't turn you over my knee if you keep it up."
Tongue flicking out to wet his lips, Bucky leans in a little more, until he can almost feel Steve's breath on his face. "Does that mean that if I'm good you will?"
One of Steve's eyebrows ticks up and hot damn, Bucky did not know Steve had it in him. Sex is one thing, but this is part of a game Steve had never really been particularly good at. Or so Bucky had thought, anyway. "We'll see how you do until we get home."
Bucky swallows, then nods and straightens. He's half-tempted to snap to and go "Yes, sir!" but Steve would definitely take that as sassing him and suddenly Bucky is very, very interested in being good.
And he's very good, if he does say so himself. On his best behavior without being provocative or smug about it, smiling at reporters as honestly as he can and faking it better, keeps his hands to himself, doesn't whisper anything into Steve's ear, doesn't send him sexts, does not let Clint and Tony engage him in the art of trolling. He's almost demure, for himself anyway, but he notches up the charm enough so nobody notices.
Nobody except Steve, who is watching for it – watching Bucky, keeping an eye on his every move, Bucky can feel it even if he's turned away. Once they're finally in the car Bucky legitimately folds his hands in his lap and sits peacefully in the corner, engaging enough in conversation not to make anyone suspicious but very aware of Steve's steady presence right next to him. In the elevator he puts his hands in his pockets and leans against the wall, not looking at Steve who's chatting with Pepper. Then the elevator reaches their floor and Bucky and Steve get off.
The elevator doors close, and Bucky finds himself looking at Steve, eyes wide and hopeful. He doesn't even dare to ask. Steve's eyes, focused fully on him now, are piercing.
Then Steve says, intent and deliberate, "Good boy."
Bucky feels goosebumps break out all over his skin as his mouth goes dry. When he swallows it's loud in the silence between them.
He licks his lips. This is an entirely different kind of game, something they've only ever hinted at before, but they had a conversation about it some weeks ago, about games and playing and their hard limits. They even have a safe word. After that talk Bucky had felt jittery and wired, half-scared, half-anticipatory, and then half-disappointed, half-relieved when Steve had suggested they let it rest for a couple of weeks so it can all sink in.
It certainly has sunk in, as far as Bucky is concerned, and Steve seems completely calm and in control, like this is going entirely as planned. But Bucky remembers the honest surprise in his eyes after he'd threatened to turn Bucky over his knee, so he knows for a fact it wasn't.
Somehow, that thought makes heat rise in him and he licks his lips again, staring at Steve. There is absolutely no hesitation in him now, only anticipation where this is going, where Steve will take him. Literally and figuratively.
"Come," Steve says and walks into their living room. Bucky follows half a step behind, lower lip dragged between his teeth as he stares at Steve's shoulders, calm and secure. Then Steve walks over to the dining area of their living room, pulls out one of the armless chairs until it's in the middle of the room and sits down, hands resting on his thighs. "Come here."
Bucky stumbles over to him, wide-eyed and out of breath, and then Steve says calmly, "Take your pants off." and Bucky really starts breathing heavily. Impatiently he opens the top button and then shoves his jeans down, revealing that he's wearing no underwear just as he told Steve at the press conference. Steve eyes him for a second, gaze resting on Bucky's already half-hard cock, and something about that is embarrassing enough that Bucky feels his cheeks heat up. But all Steve does is pat his lap and say, "Bend over."
Bucky swallows and obeys, leaning over Steve's lap. It feels awkward until Steve's hand is on his body, a broad palm in the back of his neck guiding him down gently until he's spread out across Steve's lap, cock pressing into Steve's thigh. He means to stay there but Steve's hand pushes him further down until Bucky is really
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Spanking
Safe Sane and Consensual
Daddy Kink
Aftercare
Dom/sub

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

