Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Cheer up and dry your damp eyes

And tell me when it rains

I'll blend up that rainbow above you

And shoot it through your veins

'Cause your heart has a lack of color

And we should have known

That we'd grow up sooner or later

'Cause we wasted all our free time alone

-"Rainbow Veins" by Owl City
The front door to your apartment opens and closes, and you wince at the sound. A second later, a posh British voice calls out from the foyer, partially annoyed. “What are you still doing here, woman? I thought you were due to work in half an hour. If I come in there and you’re in your pajamas watching television, I’m going to spank that little fanny of yours until you—”Loki Laufeyson, your irritating roommate and best friend, stops dead in the middle of berating you, the last word falling from his lips as his eyes widen in shock. “—cry?”“Too late,” you mumble hoarsely, not bothering to hide your mascara-smudged face and bloodshot eyes. Loki’s expression crumbles into worry, and it’s for good reason. You never cry. You didn’t cry during Game of Thrones, you didn’t cry when you sliced your thumb open that one time, you didn’t cry at your other best friend Thor’s wedding.And yet there you sat, in the middle of the couch, your cheeks drenched in tears.“What happened?” Loki demands, dropping the fresh fruit he’d gotten from the market on the loveseat. He’s at your side in half a second, his long, cool fingers sliding over your shoulder.“He…” You fight to get the words out. “He…dumped me.”Loki’s eyes widen. “He what?”Self-pity and sadness overwhelm you as you choke out more. “He’s been seeing…another girl…behind my back.”Loki’s pale face slowly fills with color. His eyes get that glint. You’ve seen it in rare times, mostly when his stepfather has done something callous yet again. He grits his teeth, his jaw clenched until you see a muscle twitch in his cheek, and his voice comes out a vicious growl. “I’ll kill him.”Without warning, Loki stands and marches for the door. It snaps you right out of your paralyzed state and you pounce after him. “No, no, no, Loki, wait, stop!”“I will kill him,” Loki snarls. “I will rip out his intestines and strangle him to death with them and then feed his corpse to the lions at the zoo.”Your socked feet slide across the hardwood floors as you jam your hands against his slender but solid chest, trying to keep him from reaching the door. You know him too well. Loki doesn’t make idle threats. Maybe he won’t kill your now ex-boyfriend, but he will surely beat him within an inch of his life. “Loki, stop it—”“—and before I end his pathetic life, I will drag him back here, just alive enough to apologize to you, and then rid the world of his disgusting influence—”“Loki!” you shout.He finally stops, glancing down at you, still enraged to the point of breathing hard. “Stop it! Getting in a fight with him won’t do anything but get you brought up on assault charges. It’s over. There’s nothing I can do about it, so just…”You exhale harshly. “Let it go, okay? It’s too late.”He stands there, staring at you, then glances at the door one last time as if still contemplating his violent promise. Instead, he sighs and envelops you in a warm hug. You don’t want to smudge his perfect white dress shirt with tears and mascara, but it’s too late. He shouldn’t have hugged you. The sympathy causes the rest of your sadness to gush out of you like a fountain. You dissolve into tears, helplessly, your mind replaying every lovely moment you’d had with your boyfriend and reminding you that you’ll never spend another minute with him again because he found someone better than you.“Oh, sweetling,” Loki murmurs into your hair, gently rubbing your back. “It’ll be alright. I know it hurts, but you’ll be alright.”Loki leads you back to the couch and even though you hate how small and stupid it makes you feel, he puts you in his lap and just holds you. You bury your face in his neck and just let it out, saying nothing at all, too ashamed and miserable to do anything else. You cry until your head hurts and there’s nothing left resembling liquid in your tear ducts, and you just sit in your best friend’s lap like a little lost puppy with no idea what else to do. Before the storm of crying had begun, you’d managed to hold it together enough to call out sick to work, and now you had a whole day ahead of you. You were pretty sure you were just going to curl up in bed and find more tears.Loki runs his fingers through your hair. “I want to make you some tea. Is that alright, sweetling?”You sniffle and nod a few times. You untangle yourself from him and listen to him put the kettle on while you attempt to blot the mascara mess from your face with tissues. You wait for a while and he returns with a large mug of white tea. The hot drink makes you feel just the tiniest bit less empty, at least.“Sorry about your shirt,” you mutter hoarsely. “I’ll get it dry cleaned tomorrow.”Loki rolls his eyes. “It’s just a sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Depression
Roommates
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
POV Second Person
Comfort Sex
Emotional Sex
Best Friends
Post-Break Up
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Angsty Schmoop
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
supportive Loki
Reader-Insert
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Protective Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character

