Chapter 1: Oops!
    


Summary:

"Oops," Peter looked up and saw Morgan looking at him with wide eyes. She must have realized that she did something wrong and she was going to be in so much trouble. In her panic, she ended up pushing more buttons making Peter go through that horrible experience of getting sucked into and spat out of the Quantum tunnel a couple more times. At one point, he even saw Dum-E tried to stop Morgan from messing with the machine but to no avail.





Chapter Text
Peter and Morgan are playing with Legos right beside Morgan's tent at the lakehouse. The house is small by Stark standards but it's charming and peaceful and surrounded by nature. It's like they're on vacation all the time. Peter couldn't imagine Mr. Stark living in a place like this, but a lot has changed in the last five years.
After the battle with Thanos, Pepper and Morgan moved back to their Manhattan penthouse. Stark Industries has been at the forefront in helping the world go back to normal after everyone was brought back, which meant Pepper is very busy handling all of it. Tony is still recuperating in Wakanda and everyone else is busy doing whatever it is they do, so Peter is often called to babysit. He is Morgan's official baby sitter and they get along really well. Morgan even knows he's Spider-man.
On weekends, Pepper and Morgan usually return to the lakehouse to take a break from their hectic life in New York City. However, in this particular weekend, there was an urgent matter Pepper needed to take care of which is why Peter was called the last minute to babysit. He has never been to the lakehouse before so he agreed immediately.
"I don't like New York," Morgan said all of a sudden while in the middle of building a Lego bridge.
"Oh? It's not that bad," Peter defended, snapping a piece of Lego on top of the miniature Stark tower he was building.
"Strangers keep following us and taking pictures," Morgan continued her rant.
"Yeah, that's no fun," Peter agreed. Being a Stark alone was enough to put you in the spotlight. But being the daughter of the superhero who saved the universe? He couldn't imagine what kind of unwanted attention that would attract.
"But Happy's always there to chase them away," Peter added. "Yeah, uncle Happy is really funny!" They both giggled at the memory of a red-faced Happy yelling and chasing away the paparazzi.
"But it's nicer here. How come you never visited us here before?" Morgan asked.
Peter tensed at the innocent question. The Blip, as people call it, was still a sore topic for him. For a lot of people quite frankly. Turning to dust and then reappearing 5 years later was... Weird. Besides, how was he supposed to explain to a preschooler that he never visited because he kinda died in her father's arms traumatizing both of them and that he was just recently revived along with half the universe?
"Uh... I, uh..." Yes. Very eloquent, Peter.
"You wanna play dress up?" Morgan asked.
Peter just blinked at the sudden change of topic but grateful just the same. "S-Sure."
Morgan stood up and held Peter's hand. "Daddy keeps all the cool stuff at the garage."
Peter let Morgan lead the way as he wondered what kind of cool stuff Mr. Stark keeps in the garage. Probably a family SUV and some gardening tools. He still couldn't believe how domestic his mentor has become.
When Morgan opened the door to the garage, Peter's jaw dropped at the sight. There was no family SUV, not even a fancy sports car. And definitely no gardening tools.
"Uh... FRIDAY?" Peter asked the ceiling. "Are we allowed in here?"
"Yes, Peter. You and Morgan are authorized to access this area."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, Peter. There are no dangerous items stored in the garage and I haven't received any new orders to revoke the authorization."
"Well, if you say so," Peter answered still sounding unsure.
He was just taken by surprise because this was no ordinary garage. But it really shouldn't be shocking since this is THE Tony Stark's garage after all. The room is huge and definitely hi-tech. It's large enough to fit three SUVs, but instead of cars, there was some kind of circular platform in the middle of the room with metal fixtures standing on its sides. It has a lot of thick wires connected to a large computer situated right next to it. It's some kind of tech he's never seen before. There's also a holo-projector on the other side and a workstation that looks like it hasn't been used in ages. Dum-E, U, and Butterfingers are stationed next to it, beeping excitedly at them. Along the walls are storage boxes filled with all sorts of scraps and other items that look like unused Iron man equipment.
Peter thought it was strange that they were allowed in the garage. It was full of tech that, in his opinion, should be kept locked in a secured facility somewhere. But it seems like Morgan has been here several times before. And if FRIDAY says it's safe, then there's nothing he should be worried about, right?
"Pew! Pew! Pew!" Peter jumped at t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Except I refuse to let Tony die
Fluff and Angst
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Age Regression/De-Aging
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Platonic Relationships
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Sick Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Minor Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Fix-It

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

