Chapter 1: a long line of shadows
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker is dreaming. He sees faces he barely remembers, but they pick him up, swing him around, smother him with kisses. There are streaks of color and light, pencils scraping across paper, and the woman’s voice says carry the two. But then they’re gone—there’s a bunch of gray and May, and the sounds of screams. TV screens. Tears, dark hair. He’s a hero, baby. He’s a hero. Fear crawling up his arms like spiders. Death peppering his life like clockwork. Boom, boom, boom, in garish, unforgiving technicolor. And he’s next.He always wonders what they do with the bodies—He startles awake when someone shakes him. “Sorry, honey,” May says. Peter blinks a couple times and she comes into focus, her hair pulled back from her face. She’s trying not to look a certain way, but he can see it in her eyes anyway. She clears her throat, keeps talking. “But it’s…” She glances away, wets her lips. “You gotta get ready.”He remembers what day it is, and his heart beats like a drum at someone’s execution. But he tries to put on a mask, make it all seem normal. It’s everything but, despite the fact that he’s been dealing with reaping day since he was born, between himself, Ben and May. That fear that one of them could be taken away. Sent to surefire slaughter. But now Ben is gone, taken despite never having his name drawn from a bowl, and May’s finally safe. Now Peter’s name is in there alone. The last Parker sitting on the chopping block. He doesn’t know how to be. He doesn’t know what normal is, when the Hunger Games are looming on the horizon. But he’s gotta try. He’s gotta try to act like it’s gonna be fine, for her.“Nap went on too long,” Peter says, smiling a little bit. She nods, and straightens up, crossing her arms over her chest. “It feels strange,” she says. “The first year I’m not in the damn lottery, but you—I just wish I could—”Women can’t volunteer for men anyway, so her wishes are falling on deaf ears. Like most wishes whispered into the night of District 12. “It’s all gonna be fine,” Peter says, as he gets up. He kisses her on the cheek, smiles again, tries to live in that phrase. It’s all gonna be fine. It’s all gonna be fine. And part of him believes that, because what kind of universe would take someone else away from May Parker? After all she’s lost already? Carving away at her heart until there’s nothing left.He catches sight of the one photo that he has of him and Ben, sitting on the shelf in the gold frame he found at the Hob. He looks away just as quick. It’s hard to look at it sometimes. Hard, not to hear his voice. He was the level head, the center of their unit. The optimist. He and May balanced each other out, made each other better. Sometimes, Peter still feels like he’s just in the other room. Like he might come around the corner any second.“I’ll let you get ready,” May says, her eyes lingering on Peter’s face for a moment, like she might not get to see him again. But then she turns and walks out the door, closing it gently behind her.He finds his outfit in the closet, the one he got last reaping day, the one he’s quickly growing out of. But they don’t have the money to get much fabric, or much of anything else, so this is gonna have to be it. The last time they were able to get more clothes was before the Peacekeepers started cracking down on the Stark funds, and Peter wonders if Tony Stark is gonna find a way around their new rules so he can continue supporting the district with his own money. They haven’t seen him in a while, but it’s rare to see him at all. Peter tells himself he’ll approach him, next time he sees him in person. Say something. Anything.He gets dressed, tries not to think too much, and walks out into the living room. The air is stiff and stifling, worse than normal, and he feels like it’s probably like that everywhere in 12, the whole population struck with anticipation and not-so-hidden fear, whether their names are in that reaping bowl or not. It’s like knowing someone has decided to kill you, but not yet.May is sitting there, the remains of their breakfast still on the table, and she gets to her feet quick when she sees him. “You heading out?” she asks, like she might any other day, not a day like this.“Yeah,” Peter says. “Gonna walk there with Ned. You know they expect the kids up front. And you don’t have to line up this time, lucky lady. Just gotta lounge back, watch the spectacle.”May glares at him.“Kidding,” he says. He walks over to her, wraps her up in a hug. “You know I’m kidding. I’ve never seen you lounge a day in your life.”She laughs, but there’s no heart in it. She squeezes him tight, her hands mapping his shoulders. And he allows himself to worry, for just a moment, while she can’t see his face. He closes his eyes, clutches at her, and tries to anchor himself here.“It’s gonna be fine,” he says. “I’ll see you—I’ll see you there. I’ll see you after.”~He catches sight of Ned a little ways away from the Hob,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Janet Van Dyne
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hunger Games Setting
Hunger Games
Hunger Games-Typical Death/Violence
Suicidal Thoughts
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Janet Van Dyne
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker & Peter Parker

