Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A long time had passed since Clark Kent, Kal-El, Superman, had built the Fortress of Solitude and repelled the invasion of Zod and stopped the corruption of Brainiac. It had been almost like a lifetime to them, in fact, would you believe it had been seven long years?Seven long years to build a brand new world. Oh crime still existed, it would always exist but now Kal-El was stronger, more secure and he would be more willing to rise up to any challenge that life would present itself.The fact was he had help and he had some good help at that."So, we've got a situation…..yeah I know, must be another Thursday."Clark Kent flew in the air from Watchtower. His red cape fluttered in the breeze behind him, the prominent Red "S" shined on his chest, it was like a blinking beacon for the hope that he would bring to the world. And he really hoped that people would follow his example someday."What is it, Chloe?" Clark asked."Well it's Toyman….yet again, seems like his good behavior didn't stick too long," Chloe said as she smiled. "He's right outside of Metropolis…..everyone else is on missions so…""I'm here."Clark turned around and he saw her arriving, with a bright smile on her face. She had gorgeous blonde hair that hung down, framing her face as it blew gently in the wind. Her blue eyes were absolutely dazzling. She wore a black and silver version of his costume. Her black half shirt stretched over her large and full breasts, with the silver "s" shield emphasizing her womanly curves. She had a flat stomach and shapely hips, with the short black skirt and black knee high boots adding to her costume."Supergirl….."The blonde looked at her cousin and corrected him. "SuperWOMAN thank you very much.""Right, sorry, I remember…..""I outgrew that name a long time ago," Kara said. "Especially when my measurements got Karen level."'Nice to know I'm a level of breast measurement now,' Karen thought sullenly through the bond link.'Well there's C-Cups, D-Cups, DD-Cups, and then there's Karen-Cups all the way at the end of the scale….' Lois thought.'Okay, I got you,' Karen thought."Seriously, though, it's Superwoman, not Supergirl, Superwoman, not Supergirl."'Okay, gotcha Supergirl,' Chloe thought and there was a lot of laughter through the bond link and Kara crossed her arms crossly, hovering in mid-air as she did so."Right, right, I understand," Kal said, shaking his head. Make one little mistake and suddenly you're raked over the coals for it."Do you?" Kara asked him, corking her eyebrow but never the less, they would have to have this discussion at another time.Right now Toyman needed a time out. Was it just Kara or was he regressing in maturity every time? Or maybe he was increasing in annoyance, it was times like that where Kara honestly couldn't tell.That being said, she could hear something and she turned to Kal who hovered in the air."It's a bomb," Kara whispered urgently to him.Kal paused and shook his head with a labored sigh."Yes, I figured as much," Kal said as he moved forward. Toyman had his toy soldiers patrolling the city and he stopped.The blonde looked at Kal and she scanned the soldiers. Letting out a low whistle, Kara turned to face him."Yeah, you saw it too, didn't you?" Kara asked."Each of them have triggers where if we fly near them….it activates the bomb that's in the city," Kal said."So Toyman has really learned his lesson," Kara said, she really hated when the bad guys did that. It didn't make her feel all that well at all.'Yes, he's given his list of demands, he wants one hundred million dollars, and the first born child of every family in Metropolis,' Chloe thought.'Okay, creepy demand is very creepy,' Kara thought, she could not wait to ring the bastard's neck.'Well what do you expect, it's Toyman, he's always….he's been a bit on the odd side,' Tess thought. 'Okay, find, he comes across as the creepy personification of a neighborhood watch list.''Wish we were there to help….''I'm sure that he has precautions, but we have Chloe,' Kara said.'Well nice to see that I'm so valued, and yes I'm on it,' Chloe thought, she was nearly bouncing up and down in excitement.'Don't have a caffeine attack.''Fine, the good thing is that he's using some rather low level computers, which allowed him to slip underneath the radar,' the blonde commented to them. 'So that's a double edge sword. It would have been hard to detect because of the ancient legacy systems. But easy to hack, providing that I do it right.''And dare I ask what happens if you do it wrong,' Lois thought to them.'Well, let's just put it this way, it's going to set the bomb off, taking half of Metropolis with it,' Chloe thought. 'He made it so that the suits need to be disabled in a certain order, in a certain time frame.''Working on trying to establish a pattern,' Barbara chimed in.'And it's nothing if random,' Helena added to the group. 'Someone like Toyman, he likes playing his games but he changes the rules every time.''Of c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clark Kent/Kara Zor-El
Clark Kent/Kara Zor-El/Jean Grey

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clark Kent/Kara Zor-El
Clark Kent/Kara Zor-El/Jean Grey

