Work Text:
“I don’t know,” Steve said, after Tony finished a six-minute ode to The Dude’s beard in The Big Lebowski (a movie that Steve had found confusing and a little boring but was, apparently, absolutely crucial to understanding the 21st century.  Steve was starting to think that “absolutely crucial to understanding the 21st century” had started to mean “stuff Tony really liked”). “I mean, I’m not really a fan of beards.”Tony gave Steve a look of such horror that Steve almost wondered if he’d misspoken and casually mentioned that he’d been tossing puppies off the top floor of Stark Tower.“You’re not,” he said, “a fan of beards?  I mean – but you like my beard.”Steve tilted his head.  “Uh.  No, not really a fan of yours, either.”“Steve,” Tony said, in the calm voice he usually reserved for moments when Steve made some kind of supersoldier-out-of-time mistake, like the time he tried use the remote control to get the microwave to start.  “I’ve never met anyone who didn’t like my beard.  I’ve never met anyone who didn’t adore my beard.  Did you know my beard alone has averted at least two international incidents?”Steve kind of doubted that, and shelved it with “Stuff Tony Says That Doesn’t Make Any Sense, But Which I Cannot Immediately Prove Isn’t True.”  That particular file was getting pretty big.“How can you not like beards?” Tony continued.  “They’re manly.  You like things that are manly.  You are kind of the dictionary definition of manly, actually, I heard the 2013 edition of Websters is going to include a little picture of you.”Steve shrugged.  “Old habits die hard, I guess.  We couldn’t have facial hair in the service, and considering pretty much everybody was in the service, they were a little out of fashion.”“A lot of things were out of fashion in the ‘40s,” Tony said dismissively.  “Asbestos-free housing.  Civil rights.  Bikinis.  Doesn’t mean they were a bad idea.”Steve didn’t bother asking what asbestos was; it sounded like the future had taken care of it.  “Look, I’m not judging,” he said.  “What you do with your face is your call.  If you want to walk around looking like you can’t afford to buy razors, that’s your own choice.”“Like I can’t afford – Rogers, that is low,” Tony said, and Steve bit back a grin.  “I can afford razors.  I can afford all of the razors, I could buy a razor factory, I might already – Jarvis, does Stark Industries traffic in razors?”“Not currently, sir,” Jarvis said, and Steve didn’t know the AI well, but he was starting to think that this was the tone that indicated “amusement.”“Well, let’s look into changing that,” Tony said.“I know you can afford razors, Tony,” Steve said.  “But during the Depression, you know, those were pretty much the only people who had beards.  People who had fallen on hard times, harder than most.  I didn’t judge then, and I won’t judge now.”Tony narrowed his eyes.  “This isn’t over,” he said.  “Jarvis, do we have any milk?”“In the main kitchen,” Jarvis said.  “Good, let’s go,” Tony said.  “I could use a White Russian.”-“I think the problem,” Tony said the next day, apropos of nothing, “is just that you haven’t been exposed to them enough.”Steve looked up from his report.  “Haven’t been exposed to what enough?”Tony scrolled through something on his tablet that was almost certainly not the official SHIELD debriefing file he was supposed to be working on.  He would probably take twice as long as Steve to finish his report, even though he insisted that typing it on the holo-keyboard was five times as fast as Steve’s pen-and-paper approach.“Beards,” Tony said, as if they were simply continuing the conversation that had started 18 hours and 39 lightning-powered killer robots in Central Park ago.“Beards,” Steve repeated dumbly.“Mine, in particular,” Tony said.  “You spend too much time with me as Iron Man,” and he reached up and flipped the visor closed, obscuring his face, “and not enough time with me as Tony, the bearded Adonis.”  He flipped the visor up again and winked.“Why don’t you just put a beard on the armor?” Steve suggested.  “Seems like that would solve a lot of problems.”“I tried,” Tony said.  “Wasn’t aerodynamic.  But anyway, exposure therapy.  We need to expose you to beards on a regular basis.  Maybe you just need to get used to beards being, you know, a thing.  An awesome thing.”Steve shrugged.  “If you say so.  I don’t think you’re going to change my mind, though.”“I can be very persuasive,” Tony said, a bit ominously, and Steve turned back to his report, wondering if Tony even noticed the eye rolls anymore. -“Have you even been opening my emails, Cap?” Tony asked.  “Of course I have,” Steve said, because that was the kind of white lie that Steve was totally okay with.  “Oh my god, you haven’t,” Tony said.  “Do you know how to check your email?”“I - yes, of course!” Steve said, fighting back a blush even though no one could see it under his cowl.  “I’ve done it multiple times, I’ve done it multiple times.”“But you don’t do it regul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Beards
Scruffy-Looking Nerf Herders

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

