Work Text:
 
"Jamison, do you have the shot?"
There is a pause, and Clint glances toward where he knows the other nest is.
"Negative, I do not have the shot. Hold, switching positions."
Another pause, which lengthens, and with every second, they are in danger of the target escaping their grasp. Clint is just about to open his mouth to respond when Jamison comes back.
"Negative. I do not have the shot. Repeat, I do not have the shot."
Coulson's disappointment practically radiates down the comm line as he says, "All right -- "
"I've got the shot, sir," Clint interrupts.
"Bullshit!" Jamison snarls. "You can't possibly have that shot from the backup nest unless you switched positions without approval."
Clint ignores him. "Repeat. I have the shot."
"Barton, take it on my mark," Coulson orders. "Jamison, you're cleared for exfil."
"Fucking bullshit," Jamison mutters again.
"Keep the chatter off the comms," Coulson snaps. "Barton, take the shot."
Clint does, and then humps it to the extraction site while the SHIELD cleanup and intel gathering teams move in. He is just putting his gear into the nondescript van with Woo at the wheel when Jamison arrives. He tosses his gear carelessly into the van and climbs in, slamming Clint into the edge of the door.
Clint holds back his grunt of pain -- Jamison's not the first asshole alpha to push him around, and Clint's sure he won't be the last.
Jamison glares daggers at him the entire ride back to base, and Clint ignores him, checking and rechecking his equipment, and composing his report in his head.
The alpha pheromones are rolling off Jamison, practically visible to the naked eye, and when they return to the small local SHIELD base, Coulson briefly catches Clint's eye. Anyone but Coulson would be rolling their eyes, and Clint hides his smile by glancing down at his equipment as he unloads it.
"Good shot, Barton," Coulson says, and Clint nods his thanks. Coulson turns to Woo and adds, "Nice job with the extraction, Agent Woo."
"Thanks, sir."
"Let's get the gear stored, and the night is yours. Extraction to HQ in twenty hours," Coulson tells them all, and Jamison stiffens at not being directly addressed by Coulson, though Clint doesn't know what Jamison expects to be complimented on, given that his sole contribution to the op was some swearing on the comms.
"Debrief, sir?" Woo asks, and Coulson shakes his head.
"Hill will debrief back at HQ. Dismissed."
With a nod at Coulson and Woo, Clint shoulders his bag and picks up his bow case, heading toward the armory to police his gear on his way to the bunk.
There's heavy footsteps behind him and Clint tenses but keeps walking.
"You're a fucking liar, you know that, Barton?"
Clenching his hands around the strap of his gear bag and the handle of his bow case, Clint ignores Jamison.
"Hey! Asshole! I'm talking to you."
Clint bites back a sigh, and says without turning, "I'm just trying to put my stuff away, Jamison. If you've got a problem with the op, take it up with Coulson."
"You could not have made that fucking shot from where you were."
Clint is used to people insulting his gender, his stature, his lack of formal education, his looks, whatever. But he will never be okay with assholes insulting his work. He turns slowly, setting down his gear.
"Well, clearly, I did. Since the target is down. Something you couldn't manage. And the only thing that moved was my trigger finger."
"Stop lying, asshole," Jamison hisses. "You couldn't have done that from where you were. You had to have moved, and I'm not going to leave until you fucking admit it."
Jamison is a foot taller than Clint and has about fifty pounds on him. Furious, he looms over Clint, using a meaty hand to shove him back against the wall. Clint shudders at the idea of an alpha Jamison's size holding him down and rutting him, and he's never been so glad not to have to deal with the mindless heats omegas are known for.
"I would not have changed positions mid-op without informing command," Clint tells him calmly, raising his chin in defiance. He wants to sidestep to get away from being caged in by Jamison, but his gear is on either side of him, and he's not about to leap over it to give this asshole the satisfaction of watching him run.
"You climbed the fucking antenna, didn't you. Circus freak."
"I may be a circus freak, but I'm the one who took the shot while you sat there with your thumb in your ass. And I didn't need to climb an antenna to do it."
"You did this all on purpose, you chose that nest on purpose. To humiliate me."
"Okay, A, I didn’t even know you were going to be on this op until you bullied your way in. I chose that nest during mission planning because I knew that I could make the shot from there. And B, Coulson and I both offered to refigure things and change the position of the main nest when you were assigned to the team, and you refused. So it's not my fault you can't do your fucking job."
"I didn't bully my way in -- Commander Hill assigned me! This op was my
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
BAMF Phil Coulson
Made For Each Other
Gift Fic
Insecure Clint
Mutual Pining
little bit of sexist language
not from the good guys

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

