Work Text:
Re: youre gonna have to talk sometime rogers (was RE: NOT REALLY THANK YOU ANYWAY SAM (was Re: you want to talk about it?))

> > >dude every time he comes out of his room in that hired thug outfit pepper got him you have to go stick your head in the freezer it's not subtle at all
> >I don't know what you're talking about.
>you want me to bring natasha into this because so help me i will
Thanks, Sam, you're a real standup fella.
Steve pokes his phone off hard enough that he feels guilty about it, even though Stark had spent more time than Steve wanted to think about making it serum-proof. It's not satisfying as hanging up on Sam would be. There's no angry jangle and slam and so Steve spends five minutes fuming silently instead of getting it all out at once.
It's weird, the things he misses about the past. 
One of the things he missed most about the past (before it came back to him and started blatantly stealing his shirts because it refuses to do laundry just like it did in 1939) wanders past, drinking milk straight from the bottle. It's organic milk from a farm in upstate New York that Steve has to buy at the Union Square farmer's market. He washes out the bottles and brings them back for the deposit. Steve kind of likes going to the Greenmarket anyway. It reminds him of home, of following his mother around and watching as she haggled a few precious cents off the price of their vegetables.
Bucky stops and looks at him, head tilted like a curious bird. 
"Hey, Buck," says Steve. His phone is vibrating against the table. Sam's probably spent the five minutes Steve's spent glowering at his phone in composing an eloquently sarcastic ode to Steve's determined obliviousness and general stupidity. Or else he really has called Natasha and he's going to have twenty texts all filled with emoticons and black humor. Either way he doesn't want to pick up his phone ever again. "I got you the strawberry-guava juice. It's in the freezer."
"Thank you," says Bucky. He turns to the refrigerator and begins to rummage inside. Steve watches his phone buzz merrily across the table and decides that putting his arms on the table and his face in his arms and refusing to look up is probably the best life decision he can make. 
He hears Bucky rummaging around in the refrigerator, and then opening and closing the cupboard. They'll have to leave to get to Bucky's therapy appointment soon, but Steve still has a couple of minutes to pretend everything is okay. 
Bucky sets something beside Steve and carefully, very carefully, rubs Steve's hair with his flesh hand. Steve looks up enough to see a full glass of milk and an opened can of chocolate Ensure with a straw in it. 
Steve's kind of touched. "Thanks, pal," he says. 
He drinks the milk and the Ensure and feels brave enough to pick up his phone and check his messages.
FLYBOY: you can't hide from it forever
FLYBOY: whatever I'm not your therapist thank Christ and the fishes
FLYBOY: yooo Rogers pick up your phoooone
FLYBOY: when youre done sulking let me know if you want to get ice cream while JB has his appt
FLYBOY: the fancy ice cream shop has a new fancy flavor with bacon in it :D
S ROGERS: In my day we had vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry and we were grateful for it.
FLYBOY: cry more, white boy.It takes Bucky a while to get dressed for his therapy appointment, as usual. Today, though, he doesn't ask for Steve's help, which means it's pretty good in his head. There's a rule that Bucky can only ask Steve to decide one piece of clothing for him and he's gotten to the point where more often than not he can pick everything out himself. Bucky knows better than to ask for Sam's help, because Sam will always pick something out like his socks or his underwear or a hair tie. Steve will pick out his shirt or his pants. 
They're both trying really hard.
Bucky's dressed in soft clothes, soft colors; two or three shirts, undershirt, long sleeved shirt and t-shirt over it; the long-sleeved shirt drapes over his wrists and partly over his hands. He picks up Steve's hooded sweatshirt and looks at Steve sideways, not quite asking permission. Steve doesn't say anything and so Bucky pulls it over his shoulders and puts the hood up. He looks smaller like this, as unthreatening as he can be. 
"Do you want to drive?" says Steve.
Bucky shakes his head and walks out the door. When Steve finishes locking up and goes down the stairs toward his bike, Bucky is already perched on the back of the seat. He's not looking out at anything in particular but he seems aware of everything going around him. When Steve swings his foot over and starts the engine, Bucky puts his arms around Steve's waist and hangs on tight. Steve takes a deep breath and kicks off. 
He wants to say, Do you remember when I was still small and sick, how you borrowed Eddie O'Sullivan's motorbike and took me out to the country for a day? How I hung on to your waist like it was the only solid thing left in the universe, and how you laughed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
sam wilson: professional sane person
Memories
steve is the saddest panda

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

