Work Text:
The rain comes on suddenly, the sky sunny and clear one moment and then grey and bleak in the next, abrupt and unpredictable mountain weather living up to its reputation. They’re halfway up a scree slope, sharp rocks loose and liable to sliding out from beneath even Erik’s steady footing, when the drizzle starts, light like a mist at first before slowly growing steadier, the drops falling larger and thicker with each passing minute.“Erik?” Charles calls uncertainly. He’s a few stretches below from where Erik is, wobbly on his two human legs. He has sturdy boots, of course, Erik would never stand for Charles having anything less than the highest quality gear, but now the already loose rocks are becoming slippery with water as the rain picks up.Erik swings back around to face him, scenting. He towers over Charles on his higher vantage point, all four paws planted firmly on four separate rocks. Their original plan for scaling the slope had been for him to forage ahead, his naturally surer footing and instincts serving to pick out the best route up the side of the mountain, while Charles was to follow behind, his pace slower and more careful as he does his best to step where Erik has shown him.Charles doesn’t smell afraid, merely wary. At the first sign of clouds only minutes ago he’d paused to dig his raincoat out of his backpack, putting it on even though the heat must make the jacket stifling. He’s flipped the hood up over his head, waterdrops collecting on the brim just above his face, hanging there and quivering slightly before eventually falling and continuing their downward journey too.“Are we going to keep going, or turn around?” He says both options without any inflection on either, giving no indication that he’d prefer one over the other. He trusts in Erik, whatever Erik’s decision will be.The thought makes Erik proud, even as he lashes his bushy tail back and forth as he deliberates. They’re basically at the exact halfway point from the bottom of the slope to the top, so it’s not as if one is closer than the other. Climbing up or down is hazardous for Charles either way. It’s truly up to Erik’s whim alone.Lightning spikes across the sky, followed by a loud crack of thunder that shakes the stones beneath Erik’s paws and echoes through the valley below, the sound rebounding multiple times off the surrounding mountain peaks. Charles flinches at the loudness of the sound, and while he’s still not afraid, Erik can smell that he’s starting to get nervous, his own human instincts reacting to the danger of being out on the side of a mountain in a thunderstorm while Erik’s wolf instincts are indifferent and calm.Erik turns himself fully around, facing down the slope towards Charles. It’s easy to navigate the few short yards of distance between them, picking his way back down to where Charles stands waiting. A few smaller rocks tumble down the slope at Erik’s movements but none of them are a danger to Charles, so Erik lets them slide.“Hello,” Charles greets him with a small laugh when Erik reaches him, pushing his nose against the wet front of his jacket. He reaches up and scratches behind Erik’s ears, uncaring how Erik’s fur is matted and coarse from the rain. “What’s the plan, then?”Careful not to knock into Charles and send him plunging down the slope, Erik maneuvers around so that he’s facing up the mountainside again, his back even with where Charles stands. He looks over his shoulder and cocks his head, letting out a huff of breath that isn’t quite a bark or a growl.Charles puts a hand on his back, petting him absently. The touch isn’t something Erik would tolerate from anyone else, but Charles is different. Charles has always been different, from when Erik found him lost and alone as a mere pup years ago in the woods, blue eyes wet with tears and shaking with fear until he caught sight of Erik gliding out from beneath the trees. He’d looked up at Erik, eyes wide but curious, and then had reached for him with all the naive innocence of a baby and Erik couldn’t bring himself to harm the human pup in his territory. Not when that human pup had been the first living creature in a long, long time to look at him without any trace of fear.Lightning strikes again, followed by another earsplitting crack of thunder. Charles doesn’t hesitate any longer, fisting his hands in the thick fur at the scruff of Erik’s neck and pulling himself up onto Erik’s broad back, swinging one leg over his ribs so that he straddles him like a horse. Erik stands still patiently, waiting for Charles to adjust and settle, shifting his legs slightly to compensate for the new added weight.Charles on his back is familiar, and it feels like he hasn’t gotten any heavier at all throughout the years, even though Erik knows this isn’t true. The first time he’d carried Charles had been the same day they’d met, Charles not even yet seven and Erik barely out of his own adolescent years himself. He’d tried picking the human pup up by the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Werewolf Mates
Werewolf Biology
Knotting
Rimming
Claiming
Marking
Implied Mpreg
Smitten Erik
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
Protective Erik
Charles Is a Darling
Size Difference

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

