Chapter 1: I
    


Notes:
Find me on TwitterFind me on Tumblr

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text




Day 1

You glanced at the pile of unsent reports by your side, and an annoyed sigh left your lips; those were a common occurrence. You weren't the only doctor in this specific area, sharing the responsibility of the tent with a man named Rivers and your 'cousin', and both took advantage of that very frequently, which included leaving things around for you to organise, throw away, or send through the air during your shift or free time."Excuse me, ma'am?" you heard from the door of your tent and rose your eyes in its direction, finding nurse Elizabeth waiting for you."Yes?" you put your pen aside."The supplies you requested have arrived, and a Sergeant has offered his help to bring them in."You frowned a bit, but closed your notes, locking them in your personal drawer."Thank you, Elizabeth," you stood up. "Send him in."She nodded and you stood up, putting on the jacket of your suit before anyone else could come in."Excuse me," you heard a deep voice coming from the front. "Doctor Klaczko?"You felt a soft shiver over your whole body at the call. An Alpha, that was for certain, but not any random Alpha. This one was somehow different. The man in front of you was gorgeous. With dark hair slicked back and piercing blue eyes, he looked like something sculpted in heaven, and his smell was close to being intoxicating.He was staring at you in a state of surprise that made your heart pound but had you raising your eyebrows at him."Sir?" you called.The man blushed pink, lowering his head for a short moment.
He looked adorable when embarrassed.
"I'm sorry. I was expecting...""An old man," you smirked. "Don't worry, I'm used to it."He blushed deeper and cleared his throat."I'm Sergeant Barnes, ma'am," he quickly said but corrected himself. "Doctor.""Either one is good," you assured him before he could ask. "Bring in the supplies, please, I need to place them quickly, one of the Alphas is about to go into rut and we need the suppressants. Last time we failed it took us six betas to separate him from fighting another Alpha over one of our Omega nurses."His blue eyes widened at your observation."We certainly don't want that to happen again, ma'am. Where should I place things?"You checked your hair, making sure it was tightly tied before pointing at the entrance of the tent."Follow me, please."Sergeant Barnes not only helped you carrying things but organising and labelling them. When you were finished, having just pinned the last note on the board, you turned to look at him."Are you new here?" you enquired, moving to the storage drawers with to look his name up. "I don't think I've seen you around.""I arrived recently, yes," he confirmed.You nodded, and opened his file, finding it mostly clean."Is tomorrow a good day for your physical evaluation?" you questioned."Yes, ma'am."You hummed in confirmation, reaching for your planner while he followed you with his gaze, silently taking your movements."Be here by 8:20 in the morning," you decided. "You can go now, thank you for your help."Barnes' eyes lit up a bit when they crossed with yours, and you could see how he was holding back a smile from forming."You're welcome, ma'am." 




Notes:

Find me on TwitterFind me on Tumblr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Pre-Canon
1940s
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Army
Army Doctor Reader
Fluff
Angst
Immortality
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
World War II
Jewish Character
Jewish Holidays
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Don’t copy to another site
Jewish Identity
POV Jewish Character
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Smut
Vaginal Fingering
Loss of Virginity
First Time
First Kiss
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Feels
Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Friends to Lovers
Friendship/Love
20th Century
Alternate Universe - 1940s
Spoilers
Awesome Howling Commandos
Hydra (Marvel)
The Tesseract (Marvel)
Widowed Character
Barnes Family
SHIELD
SHIELD Agent Clint Barton
SHIELD Family
Cross-Generational Friendship
Beta Tony Stark
Beta Phil Coulson
Omega Maria Hill
BAMF Maria Hill
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Protective Nick Fury
Nick Fury is a Good Bro
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
pregnancy loss
Miscarriage
Torture
Blood
Killing
Minor Character Death
Morally Grey Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

