Work Text:
"There's a mission this morning, sir, and your services are required," JARVIS says, just as Steve is finishing his morning shave. Steve sighs. "Why don't bad guys take weekends off?""I'm sure I don't know, sir," JARVIS replies as Steve pulls on his uniform instead of his jeans, and then taps gently at Bucky's closed door. "I'm heading out," he says. "There's coffee in the pot and bagels on the counter."Bucky doesn't answer. He never does when Steve leaves on missions, not even an obligatory don't get yourself killed. Steve knows it's only been a few months, but he'd hoped--well, he'd hoped, even when Sam had told him to be patient, that the fact that Bucky had shown up at all was a huge step. And Steve knows that. He does. But patience has never been one of his virtues, and he's never liked having to sit on the sidelines when Bucky's in a fight, even if it's only against the ghosts and demons in his own head."I should be back before tonight, but let JARVIS know if you need anything." He's at the elevator when he hears the grudging, "Okay."It's not much, but Steve will take it."AIM lab in Delaware," Tony says once they're in the air. "So there might be some Extremis-type super soldiers in the mix.""Great," he says sourly. There's something unsettling about the Extremis soldiers--maybe it's the way they can explode if not handled carefully, or the way they sometimes breathe fire. It creeps Steve out, just like Schmidt's face-peeling shtick had, if not for the same reason."Yeah," Tony responds, making a what are you gonna do gesture with his hand, and Steve figures it can't be any easier for him, because he knows better than anyone that they can be helped, that many of them were coerced--experimented on (and Steve absolutely refuses to think about Bucky, strapped to Zola's table, so many years ago)--and that even the ones who volunteered likely didn't know what they were really getting into (and Steve is nothing but sympathetic to that, too), but in the end, most of them will be locked up anyway. Or they would have been, while SHIELD still existed. Now, he doesn't know what will happen, except the military will probably swoop in at some point. They always do.Steve's still not sure what right or jurisdiction they have to do this, but he suits up when the Avengers get the call, because he knows the police can't handle juiced up or cybernetically advanced super soldiers who explode when they get angry, or whatever the fight of the day is, and it's still more important to him to help save people than it is to follow the letter of the law. If someone tries to arrest him afterwards, well, he's sure Pepper's got a team of lawyers on speed dial. Maybe that makes him cynical, but he knows better than anyone that it's much easier to break the law if you're rich; it always has been."Sam and Rhodey are meeting us there," Tony says, ignoring his grumpiness. And that answers Steve's vague question about authority, because Rhodey's still got some, and his presence lends legitimacy--or at least rudimentary ass-coverage--to this outing. For all that's changed since Steve's time, the military is still familiar. "The four of us should be able to handle this. I hope so, anyway, because Bruce is in Houston and Pepper's on a plane to Singapore."He doesn't ask where Natasha and Clint are--he gets postcards, sometimes, and occasional texts from Natasha, but they're in the wind for now, and Steve can't blame them for that. He knows Thor's in London, but it doesn't sound like they'll need him for this.And they don't. AIM might be trying to create their own super soldiers, but most of their staff are scientists, and they don't fight back. Tony and Rhodey corral them while Sam and Steve search the facility. Steve's nightmares about finding Bucky strapped to a gurney came roaring back after he and Sam had found the HYDRA reconditioning facility in DC. He doesn't need to imagine the kinds of things that happen in a place like this.They find three young men and a woman, all of whom have that hollow-eyed, emaciated look of test subjects, and Sam is gently herding them out of their cells when Steve hears it."What was that?"Sam looks back at him, and even with his goggles on, Steve can tell he's puzzled. "What was what?"Steve hears it again, a little louder, and it sounds like--"That!" He doesn't wait for Sam to respond. He races through the maze of cages and finds one at the end of the row that's still occupied. The woman is lying on her back, dead eyes open and staring, but the baby lying on her chest is crying weakly and waving its little fists, which have worked free of the worn t-shirt it's swaddled in. Steve searches the woman for a pulse but there isn't one, so he pockets one of her dog tags, settles the baby firmly in the crook of his arm--it makes a soft, inquiring noise and then stops crying--and heads back out of the building. Steve can hear the ambulance sirens getting closer, and Sam's already checking the released priso
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Ensemble Cast
Mutual Pining
First Kiss
Schmoop

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

