Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony wasn't having the best of days. In fact, it hadn't been the best of weeks or months. And if he really thought about it -- it wasn't the best of lifetimes, either. His life, to put it in Peter-like terms, 'sucked'.Steve Rogers, otherwise known as Captain America, had been dead for two weeks. Tony was working three jobs, one of which he was in no way qualified for (and he rather wished Fury would show up and take the job back). The fighting in the superhero community might have been over but the danger hadn't passed. Those that had advocated registration were pushing -- some more subtly than others -- for further control measures. He had a board meeting in ten minutes, and the migraine that he'd woken up with was still there.And Steve was dead.Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to filter some of the data streams. He needed more coffee.Reaching for his mug, he opened his email and scanned for anything important or interesting. He groaned as one email caught his eye. Senator Rutgers requesting him to review a report and give his opinion in an upcoming meeting. Tony would rather have told the man and his smug 'your country appreciates what you're doing' to go to hell, but he'd worked too hard to lose any measure of freedom for the community just because he couldn't stand the bed he'd made for himself.And he wouldn't let Steve have died for nothing. It was all he could do now.The attachment looked to be a standard lab report at first glance, and then he realized what he was looking at./Experiment Profile - Subject: F-12/The profile wasn't complete, but there was enough for Tony to know it was real.When his cell phone rang a few minutes later, he wasn't surprised to hear the good Senator's voice on the other end."What the hell is this?""Good, you've had a chance to review the file. I think you'll agree that we need to set up a meeting as soon as possible."Tony closed his eyes. This could still just be a ploy, but he couldn't take that chance. "This afternoon." It was time he didn't have to spare, but there was always coffee."Wonderful," Rutgers sounded as if they'd just made plans to play golf together. "I won't be able to make the meeting, you understand of course, but I'm sure you'll find what my associates have to say fascinating. Good day, Mr. Stark."He cut the transmission with a thought and missed the feel of being able to slam the phone down in anger. He rubbed his hand over his face.*Mr. Stark, the board meeting started five minutes ago. Should I tell them you aren't attending,* the voice of his secretary-who-wasn't-Pepper asked. He should probably get around to learning her name, but that was so far down the "to do" list that it didn't bear thinking about. Tony sort of missed the days he could ignore his secretaries by just ignoring their calls, but with Extremis it was easier sometimes just to deal with it.Tony looked at the report once more. *No, I'll be right there. Just had to finish a phone call.*It wasn't the fact that it could be a ploy that bothered him, but the chance that it wasn't.And if it wasn't --*****Tony kept his expression neutral as he listened to one of Rutgers' lackeys - Jamison - describe how lucky it was that their people had come across the lab first. He knew that they knew that he knew they were lying.The pictures sat in front of him with those blue, blue eyes staring out at him.*Director Stark, your presence is needed on the Helicarrier to discuss the recent terrorist threat in Seattle...* Dugan sounded put out, and Tony couldn't blame him. He was no Nick Fury, and couldn't give his full attention to SHIELD the way Fury had. But he hoped that, at the least, Dugan acknowledged that having Tony as his CO was better than having Maria Hill.*I know. I'll be there.*"I'm sure you'll agree that this would be the best for all concerned, Mr. Stark." Tony would have liked nothing better than to wipe that smug look off the man's face. But there were too many cameras, bugs, and other even more inventive forms of electronic surveillance for him to bother shorting them out just to break some flunky's nose. It wouldn't be worth the headache, or the potential ramifications. He could however, make sure the man's Bluetooth headset shocked him every time he used it."I want a doctor of my choice to do a full medical rundown on her," Tony told him. "And the rest of the initial report I was sent. I want the complete one -- her whole file.""Of course. I assume you'll want the paper work for your lawyer to start drawing up custody papers." Jamison said with a smile."Of course, you'll be willing to agree to certain stipulations, purely for her wellbeing. In case you are unable to provide care."Another in a long list of reasons these people would think he was their pet super. He'd just have to be more creative in how he slipped his leash. It would be harder -- nearly impossible, in fact, but he had to do this. He should have known about the lab years ago. In retrospe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Doctor Strange

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Civil War
Fix-It
back from the dead
Alternate Universe - Canon

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Doctor Strange

