Work Text:
Bucky leaned against the warehouse wall and lit a cigarette as he looked out at the ocean past the docks. The sun was long gone from the eastern sides of the warehouses, and the cool breeze from the water offset the September heat. The wall felt good against his sore shoulders; he'd been down there twelve hours hauling cargo while Steve did God knows what -- probably sign-painting, but possibly getting beat to a pulp; you never knew, with Steve -- missing him every minute, but Bucky wasn't about to smoke at home and set off Steve's lungs. If he smoked now, he could hold off 'til Steve was asleep tonight. "Got a light, Barnes?"Bucky turned; Joe O'Reilly smiled at him, but tightly, a little nervous around the edges. Joe kept to himself, mostly, and everyone knew why but no one talked about it. "Sure," Bucky said, and handed Joe his matches. Joe lit up and blew smoke into the air, tossed the matches back to Bucky, and looked down at his shoes. Bucky took a long drag and held the smoke in his lungs, feeling the buzzing inside him that cigarettes always gave him. It was a little like Dutch courage, but wilder, and he flicked ash on the ground and let his eyes drift over Joe, looking because it was nice to look at a guy who wouldn't punch you for looking. Or worse, not punch you, just get sad around the eyes and move out of your apartment, or stop letting you sling your arm around his neck -- Bucky knew he was sweet on Steve, but he wasn't sure he could bear it if Steve ever found out. He must've made some noise, some face, because Joe frowned back at him. Bucky's stomach clenched, tightening up like he was wading into a fight after Steve, and he said, "Joe, Billy Connors, he's your sweetheart, yeah?"  Joe flinched and curled the hand not holding his cigarette into a fist. Bucky held up his hands, open. "I ain't tryin' to start nothing," he said. "I ain't got a problem. I'm just wondering what two guys do together, is all."Joe stared at him. Bucky stared back. After a few seconds, Joe blinked and said "Are you fucking blind, Barnes?  You ever look down the alleyways by your building?"Bucky shrugged. "That don't seem polite," he said, because it wasn't, and also because if Steve caught him looking, well, it didn't bear thinking about. "Anyway, I only ever been with dames. There's stuff you gotta do to make sure she has a good time, but the basics are pretty obvious.""Guys got hands and mouths same as dames," Joe said, eyes back on the ground, shoulders drawn in. His cigarette hand was trembling a little."Yeah," said Bucky, "that's so, but I heard two guys could fuck. Where do you stick it?""Jesus, Barnes, anybody could hear you," Joe said. "You wanna get your ass kicked by some of these motherfuckers, that's your lookout, but don't drag me into it."Bucky ran his eyes over Joe's body, whip-thin and strong; thought about Billy Connors and his black-Irish good looks; remembered the way he'd seen Billy's mouth open over Joe's collarbone as the two of them sloped home, drunk as lords. He looked at how Joe was holding himself, scared but ready to fight if he had to. "All right," Bucky said, and stubbed out the end of his cigarette. "It ain't my business what you do," he said, as he turned to leave, taking one last look and letting Joe see he was looking. Maybe then Joe would understand what Bucky was asking, maybe even understand why -- Joe lived on their block, and he'd known Steve since they were all schoolboys; even if he hadn't, just about everyone on their block knew Steve by reputation. Steve was a loudmouthed skinny little troublemaker, liable to start fights he couldn't finish, and Bucky'd split his knuckles on the skulls of so many guys for Steve that he was surprised no one ever said anything about it to him. "Good night, Joe. Don't stay out too late, worrying Billy over nothing."Joe flicked his own cigarette, still glowing softly, into the darkness. "Shove it up your ass, Barnes," he said, and vanished between the warehouses.Bucky was halfway home before what Joe said kinda zinged inside his brain. "Jesus," he said, frozen on the sidewalk, his insides cold despite the heat still rising from the pavement, despite the sudden burn of blood in his face. As if it weren't bad enough, wondering what Steve would taste like if he kissed him, now he was gonna wonder what it would feel like if he put his dick in Steve's ass. Or -- he felt struck by lightning, like something lit up inside him that he didn't know was there, chasing out the cold -- if he let Steve -- if he let Steve -- As if it weren't bad enough, knowing how soft Steve's hair was, how talented his big calloused hands were, the exact shape of Steve's crooked spine, and the earthy smell of Steve after a fight, all blood and sweat and dirt. Bucky absolutely could not think too much about Steve's hand on his dick or how Steve might smell after fucking -- Jesus, he hoped Steve was out when he got home, so Steve wouldn't see whatever the hell Bucky wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bisexuality
Bisexual Character
POV Bisexual Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

