Work Text:
“...She’s waking up. Good, we can begin.”An unfamiliar voice spoke about you. Your eyes slowly opened, blinded by bright lights. As you tried to sit up you realized your wrists were bound to the table you lay on, clamped into place firmly above your head. You quickly felt for a lockpick you hid in the seams of your shirt when you realized... Your shirt was gone. All of your clothes were. They had stripped you before they bound you to the table. Your ankles were bound to stirrups at the end of the table, spreading your legs wide apart so your pussy was visible to all in the room. As the table was at a slight incline you could clearly see the many scientists and doctors observing you. You flushed, so many eyes on you, on your delicate folds... it was equal parts horrifying and exciting. The woman next to you pulled on her gloves, picking up a speculum and coating it with lube before she wheeled her swivel chair over to your entrance. “Firstly I am going to spread open the subject’s vagina to get her ready for breeding. Once I have stretched her as far as I can, we will move onto the next part,” the woman explained, forcing the cold tool inside of you. You whimpered as it entered you and slowly began to stretch open your hole. The doctor observed your reaction before going to a drawer and getting another tool. “The subject is apprehensive, we need to relax her. I will apply stimulus to her clit until her walls relax enough to open for us,” the woman told her colleagues, stepping back over with a vibrator in hand. She turned it on and slowly pressed it to your clit. “Ngh!” You gasped, powerful vibrations going straight to your core. The woman smiled and began circling it around your clit. You tried to fight it but couldn’t help how amazing it felt. Your legs shook with pleasure. Your walls tried to clamp down around the speculum, pulsing beautifully with every wave of vibration. The door opened, another team of doctors ushering in someone else. He too was completely nude. As he walked in you felt his steely gaze on your exposed body, watching you intently as you writhed with pleasure. He was bulky, muscular, with... With a metal arm. But you weren’t focused on that. You were focused on how erect his massive cock was becoming. The doctor smiled and turned the vibrator up. “Perhaps it will help our soldier to see his mate orgasm, yes?” She suggested, the other doctors nodding. The ‘soldier’ stood opposite you and watched. Before you knew it, pleasure overtook you, no longer caring about how many eyes were on you, you were focused on the white-hot feeling at your core. You knew you were close. “I want her to cum.” The soldier’s voice was quiet, but firm. That was all it took to send you over the edge. Waves of pleasure washed over you, your body shaking as you rode out your orgasm. Before you were even down from your high the doctor began opening the speculum, stretching your walls out as far as she could. She smiled and removed the speculum, replacing it with a larger one. That too she spread open, gaping your pussy open until not only could her entire fist fit inside you, but everyone could clearly see every stretched inch of your walls, your cervix on display. “Next I am going to stretch open her cervix so that the soldier can enter her womb,” the doctor told her audience, picking up another tool. It was about an inch in diameter, the tip tapered to a point. “N-No... Please,” you begged weakly, terrified of the pain it would bring. The doctor merely laughed before inserting the tool. You felt the tip press against your cervix, painfully poking through the tiny opening. You whimpered as she slowly began to push it through. This was an entirely new sensation to you, pain and sensitivity amounting to a bit of pleasure. Your cervix gradually began to allow the tool inside. It stretched little by little until the full girth of it was fully inside of your womb.The doctor looked quite pleased and withdrew both tools. Your pussy remained fairly gaped open, stretched to its limit by the sadistic woman. “Now I will make sure she is ready for the soldier,” the doctor said, pulling her glove past her elbow. She made a fist and, looking you in the eye, thrust her whole arm inside of you. She paused briefly as your cervix wasn’t wide enough to allow her fist past. It didn’t matter to her. She braced her other hand against your leg before thrusting it through, violently fisting your womb. The intrusion bulged in your stomach. She moved her fist around, thrusting in and out, watching the bulge it made move beneath your skin. “That’s enough, doctor. She is ready for breeding,” another doctor warned, making the first one pull her hand out and move aside. The soldier finally stepped forward. His cock was fully erect, longer and thicker than the doctor’s arm up to her elbow. You had no idea how it would fit. His steel blue eyes locked with your terrified ones. He looked almost... Apologetic. It struck you that he was as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Pregnancy Kink
Cum Inflation
Belly Kink
belly bulge
Gyno Kink
erotic birth
birth kink
orgasmic birth
Milking
Forced Pregnancy
Dom/sub
Impregnation
Breeding
Voyeurism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

