Work Text:
Progress eight months ago was recognizing guilt when he hurt someone. Progress now is getting more than three hours of sleep two nights in a row.
Strictly speaking Bucky's body doesn't need it, not when HYDRA engineered him past that kind of weakness, but being constantly on edge exhausts him, constantly assaulted by bits of memory he has to work to place, flashes that come with surges of feeling he still struggles to identify. His enhanced endurance feels like another way for HYDRA to hurt him, keeping him awake when he can't get his head to shut up.
Sometimes it's enough to make Bucky miss the blank relief of the ice, when he's not panicking over the memory of the cold and that HYDRA's out there hunting him at at that very moment, ready to drag him back there.
Steve wants him to be calmer. Wants him to rest, wants him to not be on edge all the time and let go of all those instincts the enemy forced him to adopt because he has a new life now. Doctor Banner's solution was specially-designed sedatives that would work on Bucky's metabolism. It felt like going back to them, shutting off parts of him again, but Bucky gave in last night after a near breakdown on the couch that he would never stop being what they made him, that he's only keeping Steve with him for survival, to learn how to blend in with the civilian world, because he isn't human enough to see that it's wrong and that he should let Steve go. The last thing Bucky remembers is Steve rubbing a hand down his back and wishing the pills would hurry the fuck up so the anxiety crawling under his skin would stop.
Bucky glances at the clock on the nightstand. He didn't count on the pills knocking him out for ten hours. That means Steve is gone in Boston already and Bucky's left alone overnight in the apartment for the first time. The quiet gets under his skin and his chest gets tight thinking about how HYDRA could have burst in and dragged him back while he was unconscious. 
That's part of what the dog is for though. Dodger would have barked, but Bucky rolls over and he's lying in his dog bed on the floor, looking up at him with Dollface perched on his back licking his gold fur. For having three legs and being nothing but a tiny scrap of cloudlike fluff, the cat does a good job of being the one in control when she wants. 
Better than him.
Seeing that Bucky's awake, she springs onto the bed, purring and trilling like she's overjoyed he wasn't lying there dead after all. She stands on his chest, kneading her paws and Bucky runs his fingers through her long white hair while she scratches her cheek on the joins of his metal arm. It's Steve who named her, because she's tiny and delicate with huge blue eyes, and because he says that's what Bucky used to call every girl in Brooklyn. He seems sore about all these girls that Bucky can't remember. 
Paper crinkles against the mattress and Bucky twists his arm to find a series of yellow notes stuck along the length of it. He plucks the top one and there's a message in Steve's handwriting.

There's cereal and strawberries for breakfast.

Yes. Breakfast. Identifying hunger is still like listening for footsteps in a room full of noise, after HYDRA programmed him to ignore most urges and eating was something he did only when ordered, but his stomach is rumbling and he's learned to eat on a schedule.
With Steve, he's learning about things that taste good too and that meals are made of choices. He's learning about what to do with himself when he's not going after HYDRA, and all the tasks it takes to assimilate into his new life like Steve and his friends.
Steve is helping him learn how to take care of himself instead of being maintained like a machine. At first, Bucky was afraid Steve would try to make himself another master, reclaiming him as a stolen asset for his missions because he used to be one of his commandos, but Steve won't shave him or brush his hair or wash him or cook Bucky's food unless Bucky says "Brooklyn" which means the chaos in his head won't let him just then.
He wants to use the word all the time, but HYDRA is his enemy and he sees now that they rendered him dependent as a weakness. They have enough power over him leaving his mind a fractured ruin. This morning it's cereal instead of his favorite pancakes because Steve doesn't trust him to turn on the stove the way he gets caught up in his head and blanks out of what's going on around him. Last night he didn't know whether he wanted to curl up in frustration or smash a window in anger because he was too tense on the edge of unexplainable panic to get hard in bed with Steve. That's what led to the breakdown in the living room. 
Steve doesn't hit him the way Pierce did when he doesn't get the result he wants, but shame has become one of the easier emotions for to identify, and it's crippling feeling useless and inadequate.
Dodger barks by the sliding door and Bucky lets him out to the bathroom. Dollface rubs against his legs and he refills her fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Domestic
Morning Sex
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Post-it Notes
Pets
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

