Chapter 1





Chapter Text
   


Peter woke slowly, coming out of the haze of sleep in stages. He was warm and comfortable, his head pillowed on something soft and – hairy?The arm under his cheek was warm, and when he jerked back, Beck didn’t stir. Peter stayed in the bed through sheer force of will, and slowly unclenched every muscle as he tried to get control over himself. The events of the night before ran through his head. He was- trusted? Given more freedom, anyway. Beck’s sleeping form proved that – the man slept deeply, nose pressed against Peter’s neck.Peter took a moment and listened to the man’s breathing, determining he was asleep. He took stock of his situation, slowly flexing his limbs and going over what he knew. He was in bed with his enemy. Literally. A hardness pressed against his ass, and his body responded in kind. Wincing, Peter tried to shift so Beck’s dick wasn’t pressed against his poor abused ass. That only succeeded in generating more friction. Beck huffed and shifted closer with a sleepy snuffle. Peter bit his lip, thinking.  He had a choice here. When Beck woke up, he’d want more sex. That was implicit in the gift of an actual room to sleep in, and a bed that didn't feature the latest and greatest in BDSM technology. So Peter, responsible for the hardness pressed against him, had a choice in how he handled it.He knew if Beck pounded his ass again, he’d be sore as hell which wasn't ideal. If he wasn't going to get fucked, he was left with option B. Well, option BJ.Moving slowly and carefully, Peter turned in Beck’s arms until he faced the older man. In sleep Beck looked younger, and Peter found himself struck by how beautiful he was. Peter blinked rapidly, clearing his mind and getting his head back in the game. Wiggling, he inched down the other man’s body. Beck’s physique was lightly muscled and a downy brushing of hair covered his chest; Peter licked his lips as his mouth went suddenly dry at the sight.
You’re here against your will. Don’t forget that.
He wrenched his mind back to the task at hand, er, mouth, and continued down the man’s body. Reaching the V of the man’s lower torso, Peter hesitated, hands at the hem of the sleep shorts Beck changed into at some point. Peter thought about what felt good for him, debating the best course of action. With trembling hands he tugged, lowering his mouth to the dip of skin revealed next to the man’s hipbone.Pressing a soft, almost chaste kiss against the skin, Peter's tongue darted out for a taste. The other man was sweat salty, but Peter didn’t mind. He darted a look, but Beck still slept soundly.Bolder now, Peter pressed a line of kisses against the man’s happy trail, starting from his navel and working downward. He hesitated at the bulge at the front of Beck's shorts. Eventually his hands found their way, inching the shorts off until he revealed the man’s erection. Peter hadn't been face to face with any dick, let alone one this big, and he took a moment to look it over.He wasn’t sure he’d be good at giving head, but figured he would only learn by doing. Especially if he was here for much longer.Pressing soft kisses to the head, he tasted skin and something sharper. One hand gently grasped the shaft and pumped along the base, testing. With his other hand steadying Beck’s hips so he couldn’t thrust up without warning, Peter lowered his mouth over the head and sucked gently, swirling patterns along the soft skin with his tongue. As he sank down further, a groan came from above him. Peter looked up. Eyes lidded with sleep, Beck looked down at him. Peter forced himself to take more in his mouth and kept eye contact, enjoying the sight of Beck’s eyes rolling back in his head as one hand grasped Peter’s hair. The tug wasn’t gentle, but Peter didn’t discourage the hand.He bobbed up and down, stroking everything he couldn’t fit in his mouth with his hand, and let the sensations wash over him. His jaw ached and he probably wouldn’t get any reciprocation, but he’d rather be on Beck’s good side. Peter wasn’t exactly unaffected by the proceedings, either. He was uncomfortably hard and rutted against the bed, needing friction on his neglected cock.“Hmm, close. Gonna-” Beck’s voice was gravely with sleep. The hand in Peter’s hair tightened painfully and even with his hand braced on Beck’s hip the other man thrust up, pushing further down Peter’s throat and spilling while Peter tried not to choke. Eyes tearing up, Peter pulled off once he could. He took big gulping breaths of air, clearing the spots from his vision. The hand in his hair gentled but didn’t pull away, running over his head.Peter pressed his face into Beck’s hip, unwilling to meet his eyes. He was still hard. Beck didn’t make him look up, just kept petting his head for a while. When Peter gathered himself, he finally moved away, straightening his clothes and righting himself.“What was that for, huh?” Beck’s voice was light, a gentle question directed at Peter. He decided to answer wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Dubious Consent
Mildly Dubious Consent
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Angst
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Masturbation
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
Aftercare
Sort Of
Rough Sex
Rimming
this kind of went off the rails and developed a lot of plot
Rape Aftermath
Rape Recovery
Not Cap Friendly

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

