Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Once upon a time, Thor would have welcomed anything that brought his father diversion. Stricken with grief, Odin has aged fifty years in the ten since his wife, the much beloved Queen Frigga, passed to the realm of Valhalla. No feast, no music, no dance, no merriment could lessen the deep, downwards lines creasing his face. Anything at all would be better than the constant state of mourning Odin had sunk into. Or so Thor would have thought. And then Odin came home from a retreat in Vanaheim with a little Jotun slave named Loki. Thor’s not entirely sure how Odin came to acquire Loki - if the thing had been a gift, or if Odin had purchased him himself - but for whatever reason, something about the black haired runtling had caught his one eye, and they’d been near inseparable ever since. Little could Thor have known, that this Loki would change the course of his life in ways unimaginable. Ah, but perhaps we should start from the beginning. *** Thor can feel a throbbing headache begin to build behind his eyeballs. Council has been dragging on for an extra hour and a half, and there is only so long Thor can listen to his advisors ramble on about tax reform before he absolutely, unequivocally, needs a drink. The day has been long and tiresome, and Thor just wants to get it over with as quickly as possible so he can excuse himself to his bath and his supper. There is only one more piece of business Thor must attend to before he can be free for the evening. “The Allfather, where is he?” Thor demands, charging into his father’s rooms with his papers, as he usually does after council. Sensing his mood, the servants scatter like mice. “Where is he?” Thor repeats. “Pela? I’m in no mood for this.” “Resting, my lord," comes a reply in a voice that is much too male to be Pela's. Thor turns towards a lone figure, who stands up as Thor approaches. “Who are you?” Thor demands, standing face to face with a lithe young man he’d never seen before. “Where’s Pela?” The boy kneels all the way down, then back up. “I am Loki, my Lord. I am the Allfather’s new attendant. Pela has been discharged from her post.” The boy speaks with a soft, melodic accent. He is not of Asgard, that much is certain. A slave, then. A foreign slave. It’s only then that Thor notices the prone form of his father, sleeping soundly on the couch by the fireside. It’s a welcome sight, for Thor knows his father had been having trouble sleeping of late. He sometimes has difficulty breathing, and often coughs himself awake. Right now, however, his chest rises and falls in smooth pulses. “Attendant,” Thor repeats incredulously, looking Loki up and down. Attendant, indeed. There is only one purpose for a slave this lovely in a king’s inner chambers. Thor doesn’t know why he’s surprised. His father’s still a man, after all. An old man, but a man nonetheless, and Pela certainly wasn't much to look at. It shouldn’t be his business what Odin chooses to do privately, and Thor himself has more than his fair share of lovers and concubines. Still, Thor wrinkles his nose. He doesn’t like the thought of his elderly father touching anyone, let alone such a pretty young thing as this. “And I have only just got his Imperial Majesty to nap, so kindly lower your voice.” The slave says this so casually that Thor could almost laugh in indignation. “Do you know, slave, to whom you are speaking?” “Apologies, most gracious Prince,” Loki does a token curtsey-like conciliatory gesture. “I meant no offense.” Thor strides over and takes Loki’s chin, tilting it to and fro inspect his face. It’s then that he sees the boy’s eyes are a luminous shade of green, lined with dark lashes. His features are sharp, yet delicate, and he possesses a soft-looking pair of petal lips. “You are not Aesir,” says Thor. “No my Lord.” Thor frowns, disliking how Loki does not seem to be cowed by Thor’s size and station. “What are you?” “I am of Jotunheim.” Thor’s eyebrows shoot up. “A runt, then.” Thor grips his chin more harshly now in an attempt to elicit a proper reaction. “I’ve never seen a Jotunn runt before. I thought they’d be….bluer.” “I have assumed this colouring to better assimilate into Aesir society. Highness.” Thor shakes Loki’s head in reproach and releases him. Thor does not like the little slave’s attitude. If he belonged to Thor, he certainly would not be speaking so familiarly. But since he is Odin’s, Thor cannot lay a hand on him, and Loki must know it. “Send for me as soon as he wakes, runt,” Thor says, “And don’t tarry.” “I can simply have those signed when the Allfather wakes,” Loki suggests, nodding to the documents under Thor’s arm, “If that would be easier. I would not want to trouble you further.” Thor stops in his tracks and cocks his head. “What are you again?” Loki pauses. “I am - the Allfather’s attendant.” “Try again.” Confusion knots Loki’s brow, his mouth opening and closing, clearly unsure of the answer Thor is looking for. “You think you fool me? Wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Odin (Marvel)

freeform: 
slave!Loki
Dark!Thor
Gratuitous Smut
Dubious Consent
Intersex Loki
Mpreg
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Odin (Marvel)

