Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

So, I'm going out on a limb here and trying for some irondad+spiderson angst. Yay me. After Endgame, I figured we could all use a bit of good hurt/comfort, so here I am, trying to give it to you.I've written a good bit of fanfiction, but this is my first fic containing only canon characters, so I would love some constructive criticism. I'll be posting warnings before each chapter to make sure everyone's comfortable- read safe, read happy. Make sure you're making good decisions for yourselves!Tony's going to make his appearance in a few chapters (3 or 4, probably) because I need to get some good angst and whump in before the comfort comes. This fic's going to be around ten chapters, maybe a bit more. Chapters will normally be longer than this one.Warnings: death, blood, a bit of sickness (Peter gets bitten by the spider), angst





Chapter Text
Peter Parker's five years old when he decides that when he grows up, he's going to be a policeman. May and Ben, newly adoptive parents (legal guardians, they'll say to correct their friends gently, even though they know they think of him as their kid) think it's adorable, like all parents do. They buy him a blue hat and a shiny plastic badge to complete his costume, made up of his favorite pair of blue winter pajamas, and Peter runs around in his new outfit for three months.The pretend-play ends when he hits pre-k, because "Costumes aren't allowed at school, Peter". May promises him that he can wear it when he gets home every day, though, so it really isn't that awful. Peter can deal.He's seven years old when his best friend, a little kid called Miles, tells him that his dad's part of the police and that sometimes, he gets hurt. Peter knows about getting hurt- scraped knees are a regular part of recess, after all, especially when their playground is a concrete parking lot and he keeps getting pushed by Flash- but that's the extent of his knowledge.Wait. That's not right.The extent of his knowledge is that sometimes, when somebody gets really, really hurt, they go somewhere else. May calls it heaven. Ben tells her that it's not right to sugarcoat things (Peter doesn't really know what that means) and that it's called 'dying', and that 'dying' is when you go to sleep and you don't wake up. Ever.Peter knows that that's what happened to his parents.He knows that, eventually, it's going to happen again. He just doesn't know how soon.All talk of injury and death aside, when Peter learns that Miles' dad gets hurt when he's working, he decides that he doesn't really want to be a policeman anymore. It seems like too much of a risk, and a little kid who cries at bloody elbows and lost teeth has no business playing the hero. So he gives up on that dream and finds a new passion- photography- and, just like that, Peter forgets about the two-year stint that was his obsession with joining the NYPD.When he's nine and Miles is ten, something happens to Miles' father. He won't talk about it- never does, really- but Peter, judging from Miles' watery eyes, guesses that it's bad. The Morales family moves away and Peter never sees them again and, when things get to be too much for him to process, he forgets about them. After all, he has bigger things to deal with now. Worse things.Terrifying things.Peter is thirteen and entering what May calls his 'teenage phase' when, in a lapse of common sense, he hacks Ben's computer and goes through all of his files to try and find out about his parents. There isn't much to see, only a marriage certificate and a document stating that they used to work for someone called "Norman Osborn". He recognizes that name: Norman is the owner of Oscorp, one of the most forward-thinking tech-design places in the world (save Stark Industries, of course, but that doesn't matter).Coincidentally, Oscorp's headquarters are in New York City, a single ten-minute train ride away from the Parker residence.Peter knows he shouldn't, knows that it's technically illegal and he could get into some serious trouble. He knows May and Ben wouldn't approve, but he wants to know about what happened to his parents, and nobody will tell him.He breaks into Oscorp, searches through a few labs in a desperate attempt to learn about his family, and almost dies when he gets bitten by a spider. It's an awful way to go out.He spends the next five days curled up next to a toilet, vomiting his insides out and wondering how long it'll take for him to kick it. Probably not that long, because every day it gets worse and May and Ben are panicking and Peter knows that they can't afford the sort of medical care that he needs and his insurance probably isn't up to date. He bites his tongue and forces the pain down, doesn't let anyone know how much he hurts inside. Passes it off as a particularly bad strain of the stomach bug.He pushes through and it pays off.Three days after he declares himself better, Peter doesn't need his glasses or his inhaler. He's stronger- eve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Aunt May
Peter Parker & New York
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Whump
Angst
Homelessness
Hurt/Comfort
Past Character Death
Police Brutality
shameless whump
Blood
handwavy knowledge of medical procedures
I tried to be funny
but i also tried to make people cry
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Trust Issues
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Not Infinity War (Part 1) Compliant
Homeless Peter Parker
NOT STARKER - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Aunt May
Peter Parker & New York
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

