Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


Who knows what true loneliness is- not the conventional word, but the naked terror?
To the lonely themselves, it wears a mask.
The most miserable outcast hugs some memory or illusion.



~*~



Chapter One


~*~
They’ve only been fighting a minute when Peter’s mask comes off.

It’s accidental, the fabric snagging on some sharp metal rod poking out from the half-constructed building, and the rip tears it clean off, clawing an angry red gash up the side of the boy's face. Beck pays no mind and continues his assault, chasing Peter through carefully planned areas, the drones hovering beside him providing the illusions. Absently, he thinks Peter is lucky they chose an unpopulated area- if he had to lose his mask in a fight, at least it was this one.But it’s far more jarring than Beck expected, to see the effect the illusions have on Peter displayed openly across his face. To see the illusions reflected in his eyes, even. To hear each gasp of pain or cry of alarm, clear as crystal. With the mask came a sense of anonymity. Peter could be anyone, feeling anything at any time. His expressions were concealed and his voice was muffled.But now it’s all out there for Beck to see. Peter’s face is twisted with horror, and he fights the ever-changing illusions with all the desperation of one fighting for their life. Which, of course, he is. But it’s worse, seeing it like this. Seeing in his eyes how badly he wants to live.It’s not like the past few attacks, with the fake elementals. Those did damage, yes. Casualties, though few, were still casualties. And Beck was there for it, conducting the whole illusion. But it was different. He hadn’t met any of the people who died. He didn’t know their names, didn’t directly lift a hand against them.It was impersonal, the backs of fleeing people and their screams filtering through audio feed. Nameless and faceless numbers in a death toll. It was impersonal, like snapping your fingers and killing half of all life in the universe, not even sticking around to watch them crumble into dust.He could deal with impersonal. He dealt exclusively in impersonals, as a matter of fact.This was personal. This was a boy, a sixteen-year-old kid, that’d trusted him. A kid he’d manipulated, and lied to, and dutifully played the father figure for. They’d put Beck’s persona together with extensive research- Peter Parker was orphaned as a young child, raised by his aunt (the uncle died not long before Peter got his powers), mentored by Tony Stark, and it was so easy to predict what would resonate with him the most.To play mature, and put together, and to have all the answers in a time Peter desperately needed them. But to have that openness, that emotional vulnerability and the oh so important tragic backstory that made Peter able to connect, to relate, to empathize. That slight hint of a tired, once-broken mess of a man that made Peter think, he’s like me- they couldn’t have Beck’s persona be too perfect and polished, after all. Their focus testing found it intimidated teenagers and Peter had been drawn to Stark, the most imperfect man Beck could think of.Beck had dissected this kid’s life under a microscope, reduced his feelings to variables like the exact volume he should speak at and the style of facial hair to wear. Planning things like ‘risking his life’ to save the day, and coming back just as Peter was thinking not again. And it’d been so easy- Peter had met Beck only three times before clinging to the idea that he could be the next Iron Man. Before all but begging him to take Edith, to take the responsibility Peter wasn’t prepared for, to take the burden of Stark’s legacy and give the world something to believe in.This was personal. This was blood on a boy’s face put there by Beck’s hand, a pair of wide, terrified eyes locked onto him and him alone. It was a nightmare of illusions specifically designed to pick apart Peter’s deepest, most intimate fears, to truly and completely unhinge him as effectively as possible. It would’ve been impersonal to have a drone put a bullet in his head, but Peter had sensed him too soon and the chance had slipped by. It would’ve been kinder, too.So now here they are. Peter stumbles backwards onto the tracks, just as intended. Fully ensnared in the illusion, he won’t see or hear the train coming- it’s at the corner of Beck’s vision now, the rumble approaching through the earth. They’ve carefully calculated the force applied from a train at this speed, and it’ll be enough to kill even an enhanced human. The death will be untraceable to foul play, and, if Peter’s lucky, fast.But his mask is off. And Beck can see his eyes.His eyes are impossibly wide, his pupils shrunken into pinpricks out of terror. The sheer emotion in his expression hits Beck like a brick wall; confusion and heartbreak and betrayal and fear, so much fear, it seems like too much for his small body, ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Quentin Beck

freeform: 
au where beck spares peter at the trainyard and takes him captive instead
not slash- i cannot emphasize that enough
Peter needs a break
beck is still the bad guy
there's some anti-tony stark sentiment because of beck's pov
in which beck sort of tries to be a father figure for real this time but still in a bad way
and peter deserves better
wrote this the day after seeing it with absolutely no plan in mind so we'll see how this goes
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood
Injury
Panic Attacks
Manipulation
Deception
Canon Divergence
character introspection
Threats of harm
Hostage Situation
peter and mj def have feels for each other
but there's gonna be very little opportunity for any shippy content
mature language
Mentions of Death
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
survivor's guilt
needles and other medical stuff- not super descriptive
Nightmares
Claustrophobia
Dysphoria
some body horror
Stockholm Syndrome
i cant believe it took me this long to tag that WHOOPS
mild/internalized ableism
lots of genetics talk because author is a bio major
my attempt to explain how spider powers would work irl
how do beck's drones work? fuck if i know
look me in the eyes and tell me that the illusions he's pulled off make any sense i dare you
but it's okay we're just running with it
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
i finally get to use that tag
just call this a supervillain's guide to raising a spider mutant teenager
dr strange voice: we're in the endgame now
beck grapples with the mortifying ordeal of being known
peter is straight up not having a good time bro
aunt may rights
it took a while but the queen is finally here
virgil come THRUUUU
Implied mental illness
Aftermath of captivity
Recovery
THANKS FOR THE RIDE YALL it's been fun
(slaps roof of peter) this bad boy can hold so much trauma
shooting for a melancholy oscar-bait kind of ending
not sure how successful i was but damn if i don't love this epilogue
what if i teased a sequel... haha jk.... unless..?
don't quote me on that tho

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Quentin Beck

