Work Text:
Peter really, really wants the lilac pair. They’re just so pretty, lacy and sheer with enough structure to hold him in, and they come with a cute silk camisole to top it off. They’ll go so well underneath that short yellow sundress he’d saved up for months to buy as well, counting pennies and eating cup ramen every breakfast, lunch and dinner.Biting his lip, he adjusts his laptop screen gingerly so the weak hinges won’t break even more through the layers of duct tape he has over them. At a better angle the screen displays the delicate purple hue of the lingerie even better, and  God  but does Peter want them. The thing is though, they’re thirty dollars. And that’s forty dollars and thirty cents more than he has to spend at the moment. Peter puts his forehead in his hands, staring down the price displayed on the lingerie website. He tries to tell himself that nobody’s going to see him in them anyway, it’s not like it matters. But it does matter, because  Peter  will see himself in it, and it feels like he hasn’t been doing enough for himself lately. His favourite forest green pair have a hole in them as well, so he needs to replace them, but damn it, Peter  really can’t afford them.Sadly, eating comes first before buying lingerie.Shoulders falling, he carefully closes his laptop and flops backwards onto his bed, sighing.“Next month,” he tells himself. “I can afford them then.”A crackling next to his bed, Peter’s police scanner going off. Turning over onto his side, Peter frowns and listens in.“10-29, near 175 Fifth Avenue, I’ve got freakin’ ninjas and Deadpool facing off here, it’s wild!”“10-5, Officer, did you just say ninjas?” 
 “Yes, ma’am I sure did! 10-13, need assist with crowd and the goddamn ninja hoard!” 

 “10-4, assistance on the way. Hang tight.” 
Peter’s already half in his suit, half out of his clothes and heading for his window by the time the last word is said. A few seconds later and he’s yanking his mask on and diving out into the sticky New York summer air.-The officer was not kidding about the ninjas. Peter swings in and drop kicks the nearest katana wielding person he can find. “Sorry I’m late to the costume party! Seems like my invitation got lost in the mail!”Backed up against a wall and fighting katana with katana, Deadpool shrieks happily. “Spidey! Oh em gee, I’m so glad you could make it!”“Wouldn’t,” Peter dodges a stray ninja star, “miss it-” spins on his heel and fires a barrage of webs out into the hoard of ninja’s surrounding Deadpool, “for the-” then yanks one unlucky ninja back and uses them as a wrecking ball to clear the surrounding area, “world!”Ninjas go flying and Peter finally gets a good look at Deadpool. Wade’s already cut up pretty bad, his chest and arms are a mess of blood and ruined leather suit and there’s a couple ninja stars sticking out of him, but he’s thankfully still in one piece. Four limbs all present and accounted for. Peter lets out a small, relieved breath and drops down into a fighting stance.Wade makes a run for it in Peter’s direction and they stand back to back, eyeing up the remaining ninjas who are eyeing them up right back.“What did you do this time?” Peter asks.“Aw, what made you think  I  did anything?” Wade whines through his mask. “Wade, come on, you’re  Deadpool,” Peter laughs, “when have you ever  not  done something?”“What can I say, it’s all part of my charm!” Peter can practically hear the silly grin Wade’s wearing on his face. He doesn’t have time to reply though, one ninja throws up a signal and he suddenly has far too many very sharp and pointy objects flying directly his way to waste any attention on talk.Deadpool on his own was struggling but managing to stay afloat by sheer stubbornness, unlimited healing factor and horrific humour. With Peter on his side the ninjas admit defeat within mere minutes, the remaining few slinking off into the shadows, leaving a large number of their webbed accomplices stuck to various surfaces.For half a second Peter has the mind to go after them, but ninjas and shadows are tricky, and he’s bleeding in a couple of places where he hadn’t been able to dodge the ridiculous numbers of ninja stars and katanas. He spots a slow one up on one of the roofs and propels himself up with a joyful whoop just to try, but by the time he gets there the ninja has long gone.“Bummer. Things were just getting exciting,” he sighs and webs himself up onto a higher rooftop to watch the police set up a cordon around the webbed ninjas. They’d given up trying to free villians stuck with webs years ago and just opted to wait them out, which was really the only way for them to get free without Peter’s web dissolvant. And, well, Peter figures the ninjas deserve to spend some miserable hours stuck to the pavement getting heckled by passing citizens. “Spidey! Woohoo!”Smiling under his mask, Peter looks over his shoulder to see Deadpool pulling himself up over the ledge of his rooftop.The man dusts off his ruined, bloody sui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Peter in lingerie
Panty Kink
dom!wade
Identity Reveal
some serious sexing goes down
Crossdressing
also ninjas
and pancakes
Peter and Wade have taco and game nights sometimes
accidental panty reveal
whoops poor petey
mentions of a car crash and death
but nothing explicit
mostly this is just porn
skittish!peter
wade wilson in a frilly pink apron
wade says fuck a lot in this
Praise Kink
Rimming
Overstimulation
Nipple Play
I think that's it - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

