Work Text:
“Sir, Peter has entered the building and will be arriving in the lab in approximately two minutes. I am scheduled to remind you that it’s his 17th birthday today.” Tony twirled a screwdriver in his hands, not really using it for anything related to the holograms in front of him. He had noticed that he always seemed to pick up little habits from people he worked with - it used to be chewing peppermints whenever he worked with Bruce. Now it was fidgeting with lab equipment because Peter always did it. It used to annoy him, and he almost laughed at that memory. “Thanks, Friday. I know.” Tony was glad that Peter’s birthday fell on a lab day, and even more so that the kid had never even brought up the thought of cancelling it in favour of doing something more birthday-ish. Peter had said he didn’t want a party, instead opting to postpone a celebration with his friends to the weekend when he could binge-watch movies with Ned and MJ while devouring some pizzas.“Has he had lunch?” Once again, Tony made a mental note to just program Friday into automatically answering that whenever Peter came over since Tony always asked that question. Ever since he’d found out about Peter’s metabolism and witnessed the effects of malnourishment on his kid, he’d been determined to never let him go hungry on his watch which usually meant getting regular deliveries of take-out and having an excessive amount of snacks in the lab, the latter of which being something he’d spent years adamantly forbidding in his tower. Pepper had teased him about that change of heart many times, but Peter just seemed to have a knack for bending his rules. Happy’s face when he’d first witnessed Peter handing Tony something (his chemistry lab report) really had been quite hilarious. “No, sir.” Friday replied, and Tony sighed. “May I suggest ordering the usual?” “Yes, Fri. - And add some mini muffins from that shop down the street. It’s his birthday, after all.” No better time to indulge his sweet tooth. “Of course, sir.” Tony heard the elevator before he saw it and turned around just in time to see Peter bolting out of it, waving at him even though he was just a few feet away. “Hey, Mr Stark! How are you?” He threw himself onto his chair opposite his mentor. “Happy birthday, kid!” Tony smiled and tossed the screwdriver over to Peter, who easily caught it while discarding his backpack on the floor. “Thanks!” Peter grinned at his mentor, not out of breath in the slightest even though he’d clearly hurried to arrive in the lab after school. Sometimes Tony really envied his youth, but was quick to remind himself that Peter had super spider speed and whatnot, so the comparison wasn’t really fair. (At least that’s what he was telling himself.)“Did you have a good day at school?” Tony couldn’t keep the worry out of his voice completely. Bullies normally didn’t care if it was their victim’s birthday or not. Peter’s smile didn’t falter, though, as Tony noted in relief. “Yeah, all good. Got an A in Spanish.” “Bien hecho.” Tony smiled. For a long time, he’d pretended to not care about Peter’s school results because that’s where he drew the line between “worried mentor” and helicopter parent”, but ever since he’d ended up helping him with his science fair project (which included staying up all night to perfect a hologram simulation), he figured he could just as well give up the ruse. “So what are we doing today?” Peter scanned the holograms surrounding the workbench, already focused on the work in front of him. “We -” Tony flicked away the holograms in a swift motion, “are celebrating your birthday, kid. I know, I know -” he interrupted when Peter started to protest, “you didn’t want a party. Don’t worry, it’s not a party. But I do have something for you that’s equally nerdy and stylish. In other words, perfect for a seventeen-year-old mini genius who’s gonna be the face of Stark Industries.” He winked at Peter, who rolled his eyes. “Very funny, Mr Stark.”Tony chuckled. It wasn’t technically a joke - as soon as Peter turned eighteen, he’d legally be the heir to his company. He’d let it slip several times and Peter always disregarded it as a joke, which Tony found hilarious.“You didn’t have to get me a present, though. Really, you already do so much for me -” Peter started rambling, and Tony smiled inadvertently. “Yes, and I’m about to do even more - because I want to, kid. Really, Pete, we’ve had this talk before, haven’t we?” He reached across the lab table and ruffled Peter’s hair. “Hey!” Peter ducked away, laughing. “Okay, fine. As long as it’s not super expensive, or rare, or dangerous -” Tony’s eyes twinkled in suppressed laughter. God, that kid was too precious for this world.“…It’s all three, isn’t it?” Peter said in resignation when he saw Tony’s expression of barely contained glee. “Maybe. Definitely not dangerous for you. For others, though -” “I hate you,” Peter complained but willingly got up to follow Tony into a lab that was adjoined to their mai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Fluff
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
IW and Endgame never happened
tony gives peter the EDITH glasses as a gift
because he's not dead here
this is a happy zone
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
i'm tagging spoilers just in case but there aren't any for the plot i promise
the glasses exist here but in a totally different context
i even gave the acronym a new meaning

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

