Chapter 1: Year 0 - 2018
    




Chapter Text

Year 0 – 2018

 
Loki saw Thor turning towards him, his baby-blue eyes wide and full of terror and anguish. “Brother-“ Thor took a step towards him, Stormbreaker falling out of his hands, dropping to the ground with a loud thunk, burying its sharp blade in the green ground.
“Thor?”
“Hel-“ And Thor turned to dust before he could finish his last word. And Loki turned numb, seeing his brother crumbling and falling apart, gliding away with the wind like his mother had done in the form of stars and Thor in the form of dust particles. Ugly brown and not worthy of Thor.
“Thor!?”

Please-

~°~

38 Hours Earlier

When Thanos’ ship appeared in front of them, Loki felt a fear he only had felt once before. This had been when he landed in Thanos’ realm and got introduced to the maniac who had given him into The Other’s custody and had Maw visiting him. So much time had passed since then.
The ensuing fight had been bloody and the screams loud and full of terror; and Loki hated himself for being so weak, for not being able to do more than try to avert the worst –
but he couldn’t, he was only a man after all and he was caught in a state of fear for the people and for Thor – bound by the shackles that made him immovable, only pressed him down to his knees; it left Loki standing as the only Asgardian. And he wasn’t even that, was he? The Jotunn in him demanded to be let out but Loki couldn’t, not when they were torturing Thor in front of him and he gave the Tesseract up –
And Thanos laughed at his attempt to stab him.
Loki didn’t know what drove him to that – desperation, madness, a small shimmer of hope in the burning fire of the ARK? There had been hands around his neck, he remembered them with stinging horror but then, he’d been released. He had fallen to the ground, choking and coughing, just glad to be still alive and then, they had killed Heimdall instead who had sent the Hulk to Midgard.
It wasn’t a comfortable thought, seeing Heimdall die like that. It had been an unworthy death for him. Loki may have a low opinion of the gatekeeper but even him he’d have granted the chance of a better death: Have him face the enemy with pride, grant him the chance of an attack and then –
then he’d freeze him, so he was doomed to die in the ice. But not being pierced through by a sword when he already was laying defeated on the ground, not being able to fight and flee. Not having the opportunity now to get to Valhalla.
And when Thanos left, he went with the accursed Tesseract and the ship exploded around them. Loki cradled Thor in his arms and whisked them away, so they would not be hit by debris and by dead people, just away from here.
Falling through space had been an all too familiar sensation. And Loki was afraid of seeing his daemons again, haunting and chasing him but he couldn’t flee – he had Thor in his arms and even though he was heavy, he would not let go, he couldn’t, not when Thor was all he had, when he had just found and been accepted back into his family again – Loki would rather be damned than to let go.
~°~
Loki wasn’t sure what had prompted the Norns to send a ship to them, with the Guardians of the Galaxy on board – he knew of them by his dealings when he had posed as Odin, the Allfather and he wasn’t all too impressed by them, solely by the raccoon. It was annoying and loud and spoke his mind and he loved it for that – Thor, of course, had taken a liking the tree.
But he thanked the Norns anyway because that was what mother would have expected of him. He took some of Thor’s stolen food and burned it in the middle of the ship with his green seiðr flames. It draped them all in the smoke of burned bacon and bread.
He could swear he heard his mother laugh softly in his ears but then, he wasn’t of sound mind right now, the space –
It was cold. Loki shuddered of fear and hoped it would go by unnoticed.
A hand, soft, tender, and most importantly, warm touched his.
“What-“ he turned to see the antenna woman standing next to him, her hand on his, their fingers interlaced and her –
Her jaw dropped open.
He knew that feeling. It was as if someone was suddenly sharing his emotions, no, seeing, sensing, realising and understanding them. Loki only blinked and tilted his head when her obsidian black eyes suddenly filled with tears, got blurry and wet and he decided to wait. With the patience his mother used to have, he stayed where he was and saw how the Guardians became impatient while this woman read him and his emotions.
Oh, he hated her for doing that to him. But in the same moment he loved it because finally, finally someone would feel the pain that cut him open day for day. It robbed him of his sleep at night and maybe someone would finally realise that he was capable of feelings as well and that words, deeds, actions, laughter; that they hurt him.
“Have you had enough?” he asked with a rough voice when she finally drew back.
“You-,” she whimpered and let go of his hand as if 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Infinity War – Canon divergence
Endgame Fix-It
Pining
Teasing
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood Drinking
King Loki (Marvel)
Slow Burn
Falling In Love
Unreliable Narrator
time traveling
Politics
Angst
Fluff
Smut
Happy Ending
No Major Character Death
Wordcount: Over 100.000
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) Lies
Thanos (Marvel) Dies
Mutual Pining
Found Family
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Survivor Guilt
Mention of noncon
Oblivious Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

