Work Text:
They were not allowed to come along with the rest of the team when they headed out for a mission.
In the beginning, Steve had tried to think of excuses for them, how those who had remained with Tony and the new faces he had not recognised the first time he had returned to the Compound might have had some misguided impression of them, thinking that they would appreciate being able to rest for a moment after having spent almost five months in Wakanda. However, as the days passed without anyone ever coming to tell him when he could expect to get his next mission, Steve slowly began to lose patience and, with it, his willingness to believe in the good of the other Avengers. It was so obvious what they were doing, how they, despite how he and the rest of his team had done their best to show them that they did not resent them for having decided to play the hands of the government, were using every chance they could find to show how they still harboured some petty need for revenge, some need to show them that, even now, even after Steve had been forced to publicly denounce his own actions as having been wrong, they still relished the power the government had granted them, finding every excuse to not let them participate in the missions with the rest of them.
Which led to the second problem Steve had found himself facing after he had returned home: money—or rather, the lack of it.
For it seemed that along with all of the meaningless paperwork, all of the times Steve found himself forced to step up onto the stage and watch as Tony sunned in the admiration and attention of the people who had come to see them talk about their latest work, the Accords had also changed the way the Avengers operated on a financial level. Gone were the days where money was no longer a problem.
When Steve had first gone to Wakanda, he had been prepared for the temporary limitations T’Challa had placed on the amount they were allowed to spend, trying to maintain hope by reminding himself that it was only for a limited time, he just had to get through the months so that he could return home. And with how he could still remember how his mother had struggled to make ends meet, could still easily recall the ways she had always seemed to be able to stretch what little they had to the end of the week, even though she would frequently sigh when he got home with a new set of bruises painted down the side of his ribs, cutting back on the expenses had not really been that big of a problem for him.
But that had been back then when he had been able to calm himself by remembering how it was a necessary evil he would only have to live with until they could all return home again. Once he had got back to the Compound and was able to witness how Tony still threw his money at everything around him without regard for how he was the only one of them with the funds to not think about it, it got progressively harder for Steve to ignore the fundamental injustice of the new rules, how they were now supposed to register how many hours they had spent training, putting on a smile for the public, and participating in missions, only for someone to decide how much all of that was worth. They were heroes, and heroes did not require payment for their services, it was simply not the right thing to do.
Still, Steve supposed that it was to be expected that the government would now also try to put a price on the work they did, and with how nobody had seemed willing to openly declare themselves to take his side in the debate, he had decided to let it slide. Sooner or later, the public would demand justice, and he would be there when they did. But for now, fact was that the funds Natasha had somehow managed to secure for them were almost depleted, so although it pained Steve to see how the Avengers were now little more than a glorified group of policemen, he stayed quiet about his doubts when he finally got the Accords Council to give in and send him on a mission. Perhaps it was cowardly to stay silent, to let them bully him around, but right now, Steve could tell that he did not hold the same amount of power as he had once done, with the Accords Council almost seeming to enjoy it as they told him how the team would be led by Colonel James Rhodes. It did not matter, not when he had Natasha and Clint at his side. As soon as they were out in the field, away from all the red tape, Steve knew that they would show them who the real team leader was, whom the rest of the team trusted enough to follow when things turned ugly. But for the moment being, Steve put a good face on it and tried to ignore how it felt like he had become the dancing monkey again. They were doing it to save the world from another corrupt organisation, and for that, he would be able to swallow his pride for a moment.
And so, they arrived in Chicago in the morning. With how War Machine—for that was what they had to call him now, War Machine. Steve had had to hide a grin at the idea of how the others coul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Sokovia Accords
Hypocrisy
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon-Typical Violence
Minor Character Death
as in very minor character death

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

