Chapter 1: And so the story goes…
    


Summary:


Somewhere in his brain as he started to fall asleep, Bucky noted that when he’d run into Captain America both times, he’d smelled like sweat and sugar, which wasn’t really what you’d expect from an Alpha in his prime. This thought lasted barely two seconds. Bucky was fine not wondering about non-fresh previously frozen All-American Beef in any form.

*
Steve splashed his face with cold water. He straightened up and dried his face with the hand towel, then closed the mirror covering the cabinet and just looked at himself. “You look like shit, Rogers,” Steve muttered to his reflection.



Notes:

hello, hello, welcome to the Shrunkyclunks fic i've affectionately nicknamed "Yikes, Steve." the title comes from song lyrics, bc y'all know i'm not really original, specifically bury a friend and needy, and it took me forever to actually put my brain towards coming up with a title so if it's shit, blame it on 11th hour work
  please be mindful of the tags, y'all, the plot tackles gaslighting, sexual abuse, alcoholism, body dysmorphia, and eating disorders. there aren't any graphic scenes of sexual abuse, only discussion, but there are detailed descriptions of vomiting, self-starvation, and depression spirals. please take caution if you think you may be triggered by any of these things.  the cover and artwork featured in this fic was put together by the wonderful raynaki, who is generally an amazing person. my mom-friend lexi beta'd this and she would like it known that steve needs a therapist. she is correct.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


 
1: And so the story goes… 
 The night was warm and the air was wet. A heavy fog rolled over the green hills and slipped like hands reaching into the cities and villages; long fingers searching for hems of skirts and trouser legs. It was an ill and foreboding night, not a night for joy or happiness or even hope. An owl called somewhere in the nearby woods. A very small church stood out against the fog on the outskirts of Dublin; beside it, headstones and statues of angels rose up from the mist to remind mortals of their limited time on earth. The church was quiet, empty as churches should be at the height of the witching hour. Well, no. Almost. It was almost empty. It was almost quiet.  “Breathe, breathe, you’re doing wonderfully,”  a church matron bade, in Irish, of a woman screaming in pain. In a far back room, a young and unwed Omega was giving birth. The church matron and a midwife were at her side, but they were strangers to her. She was not a native of the parish but had walked –  walked,  with her womb heavy and swollen – from a village she refused to name a distance she refused to specify. She wore no ring and carried no Bible with her, only the clothes on her back and a blanket to swaddle the child she was bearing. Outside the church, the nearest neighbor heard her screams in the night. He crossed himself and kissed his rosary, begging the Lord to take the cries of the banshee away from his wife and children. Dawn eventually rose. She gave birth to a boy. The church gave her a coat and turned her back onto the street. She walked away from there with her newborn son tucked close to her breast. That church never saw her again. In just a few months, she boarded a boat for Ellis Island. Ireland never saw her again. Her son, on the other hand, would soon storm the beaches of Ireland and more. All in time. * His hands were shaking. So were his knees and calves. His whole body was shaking. It was late, the sun had set long ago, it was much too late for him to be out on his own, slight and obviously a target for anyone brave enough to break the ten commandments on the doorstep of the house of God, but he was already almost there and he was determined. Steve Rogers walked with a slow step, betraying his nerves. He found the doors of the church unlocked and entered. He stopped in the aisle to kneel and cross himself, then headed for the confessional booths. The church was silent, all the ghosts and angels held their breath as a whore trespassed upon holy ground. Steve felt their eyes on him. On the collar he stole when he fled his master’s house, the clothes that weren’t his, either, that he had no right to keep. “Good evening, my child,” Father Elliot greeted him softly. “Good evening,” Steve echoed.  There was fear in his heart. But surround it was a thick apathy. He was tired. “Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned,” he recited, voice quiet. “My last confession was two years ago. Since then, I have committed mortal sins.” “Tell me, my son. Know that God has sent his Son to die for your sins, be they great or be they small.” Steve held his hands against his stomach, which ached with hunger. “I’ve avoided confessing this for a long time,” he whispered. “So far, I’ve been afraid of what repenting of this would mean.” “And what would it mean?” Steve was tired. “I am living
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks Big Bang 2019
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Dom/sub
Domestic Discipline
Punishment
Past Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Recovery
Gentle Sex
Cuddling & Snuggling
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Eating Disorders
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alcoholics Anonymous
Platonic Cuddling
Found Family
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Knotting
Restraints
Collars
Falling In Love
Canon Divergence - No Hydra Takeover
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Gender Issues
Misogyny
Patriarchy
Nomad Steve Rogers
no beard tho
Age Play
Little Steve Rogers
daddy bucky barnes
Daddy Kink
Past Incest
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Aftercare
Don't copy to another site
Happy Ending
Post-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

