Chapter 1: lost in a daydream (what do you see)
    




Chapter Text
“You fucked him.”Bucky licks his lips, nods. He doesn’t avert his eyes, meeting Fury head-on because he isn’t ashamed, not of this.Fury lets out a deep breath and leans back in his chair in a movement that’s terrifyingly controlled but spills danger out the edges. Hill is at her customary spot at his side, sporting a familiar look of exasperation, and as usual, Bucky can’t tell whether it’s directed at him, Fury, or possibly life for conspiring to surround her with men and their idiocies.“Twenty years,” Fury says slowly, taking special care to imbue each word with his personal brand of bone-chilling judgement. It used to make Bucky quiver in his boots back when he was a baby S.H.I.E.L.D agent with two flesh-and-blood arms. “In that time, I have asked, threatened, coaxed, and damn near begged this man to work for us, or at least with us, and what finally gets it done is your dick?”Bucky shrugs.“Ass.”“Excuse me?”“Listen, I’m not saying any part of my anatomy is what persuaded Commander Rogers to agree to this, but hypothetically, if that’s what did it, let’s just say he would have found my ass far more persuasive than my dick.” Bucky pauses, secretly relishing the sour-lemon look on Fury’s face. “It still hurts, in case you’re wondering.”“I’m not,” Fury says sharply. Hill just snorts.“That said,” Bucky continues casually, pretending to be much calmer than he really is, “Commander Rogers won’t fall for this. A toddler won’t fall for this.”“Be that as it may,” Hill says before Fury can tell Bucky to shove his opinion up his extremely sore asshole, “This is our best shot at the Avengers. Possibly our only one. You’re right, they’ll be prepared. Rogers is no one’s fool and he suffers none, but he proposed this compromise and asked for you, specifically. We can’t waste this chance.”“Whether or not he’s a fool is up for reevaluation,” Fury mutters darkly, glaring at Bucky with that telltale twitch in his eyebrow. Bucky huffs but doesn’t take much offense. The last time someone tried to pull a honeypot on Nick Fury, they ended up being the stuff of S.H.I.E.L.D gossip as their greatest horror story. The difference here is that Bucky didn’t set out to seduce Steve and doing so sure as hell didn’t help him pull a magical escape, as Fury damn well knows.But apparently, it doesn’t matter that Bucky only spread his legs after Fury and Steve negotiated for his return. The leader of the Avengers has such an ironclad reputation that even this seeming flaw in his integrity is considered an opportunity that can be exploited, with Bucky as the weapon. And he knows damn well that no matter how much he protests, Fury won’t budge from his decision. Hill won’t back him up either.Bucky sighs.“I just want it on record that I think this a stupid idea. Can I leave now?”He’s tired to his bone, his ass is burning, and there’s an ache somewhere in his chest that’s got the shape of a name he still hasn’t said out loud.It's stupid, missing a man he’s known for a handful of days and fucked once, but he does.He misses Steve.It’s a curiously wholesome feeling. There’s no bitterness for the secrets because that’s all they are in this line of work; humans in the shape of codes. He doesn’t care that Steve drugged him again before handing him back to S.H.I.E.L.D because he asked permission first and sat there with Bucky tucked to his side as the sedative took effect. Kissed his lips right before he went under and promised to see him again.It's a promise he’ll fulfill; one that Fury, of all people, is trying to facilitate, but whatever compromise Steve reached with Fury, Bucky is a hundred percent sure that it doesn’t involve allowing Bucky to spy on him.He doesn’t want to do it, is the thing. It’s not just sentiment, though there’s that too, something in Bucky rankling at the thought of looking into Steve’s gorgeous blue eyes and lying. Treachery is nothing new to him, but it’s different this time, stupid as it might be to be so attached after a tryst so brief. But there’s more to it too; Steve’s a sharp man, and even a brief flip through the dossier Hill handed him is enough to impress and intimidate Bucky. That’s not a man who’ll fall for something so obvious, no matter how sweet he finds Bucky’s ass.And that’s a lot, he knows, fighting off a smile at the memories.“Noted,” Fury says drily. “Go home and read through those files, Barnes. You move out in three days. Now get out of my office.”Bucky snaps a sloppy salute and happily fucks off.It’s a short drive to his apartment, and there’s not much traffic in the dark of fuck-o-clock. S.H.I.E.L.D never sleeps, though, and sometimes, it’s determined not to let its agents sleep either. Bucky’s not so exhausted that he’s a danger to anyone behind the wheel, but his thoughts do wander, to starshine hair and eyes a deeper blue than any ocean. Pain flares now and then, his body littered with the marks of three long hours of debauchery. A
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Commander Rogers
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Oral Sex
Wall Sex
Titfucking
Intergluteal Sex
Enthusiastic Consent
Dominance and Submission
Porn with Feelings
Falling In Love
Canon-Typical Violence
Steve is 103
Bucky is 32
Bearded Steve Rogers
Rough Oral Sex
Daddy Kink Adjacent
Implied Medical Procedures

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

