Work Text:

Peter gets an ominous text from Ned in sixth period. He doesn’t think much of it until after school. Ned doesn’t fanboy about his life, doesn’t talk about his day, instead, he just smiles and sends Peter off to Happy’s car with a wave. It’s suspicious to say the least.

Since it’s Wednesday, Happy drops him off at the tower with a tray stacked high with cups of coffee. Peter balances them with one hand, maneuvering through the security of SI’s lobby with ease. He greets the security guards, complimenting Sally’s new haircut as he goes. Friday takes him up to his regular Wednesday lab. He steps into the chaos with a sigh. He missed these guys.

“Thank you,” Ryan quickly says as he jogs past, grabbing his coffee from the top of the stack. He almost trips over one of the team’s robots, but he swerves at the last second.

Maya smiles as Ryan regains his balance. She gestures to the comm in her ear, indicating she’s on a call. and takes her own cup. Peter almost laughs as her face goes from friendly to serious. She steps off to the side, arguing furiously into her comm.

He does laugh when Ryan runs into a wall.

Bella calls him over from her hunched position over her desk. She holds out a hand, trusting him to give her the correct cup. He thinks about giving her Max’s for a second, but ultimately decides against it. Last time Bella didn’t get her coffee, things didn’t end well. She takes a sip, not taking her eyes off the experiment in front of her.

Peter snickers. Luke grabs his shoulder, pulling him towards his own desk, littered with papers and scraps of metal. Luke takes the tray from him and grins.

“You will never believe what I found,” he says, a slightly manic tone to his voice. There are bags under his eyes, and Peter wants to scold him.

“When’s the last time you slept?” he cuts Luke’s next sentence off with a frown.

“That doesn’t matter. You know that material we’ve been looking for? I found the formula. Isn’t that great? We can just make it ourselves.”

Peter levels him with a glare. Luke shrinks under the gaze. “When was the last time you slept?” he repeats.

“Yesterday morning,” Luke admits.

Peter sighs. He looks around the lab, searching for something. “Misael,” he calls out, “can you take Luke down to the bunks? Minimum of six hours. And, while you’re at it, you should stay. I can look at your equations while you’re gone.”

Misael looks up from his work, blinking sleepily. He muffles a yawn and nods. Luke sends a pleading look in Maya’s direction, receiving only a smirk in response. Misael grabs Luke’s arm and drags him into the elevator. As the doors close, Peter sees him lean heavily against Luke’s shoulder.

He sighs again. They really are messes.

His attention is pulled to Ryan as a boom sounds through the lab. Everybody stops, looks at Ryan, and continues on with their business. Ryan gives Peter an uneasy grin, shrugging. His desk is on fire.

It will be a long day.

When Peter finally stumbles into the elevator near midnight, he’s sporting a wide smile. His face is covered in dirt and grease, but he’s happy. He collapses onto the couch in the living room. Friday will wake him up before school.

“Underoos? That you?”

Peter blinks slowly at the blue light approaching him. He covers his giggles with a cough, thinking about what Tony would be like as a wisp. His mind conjures the image of a floating blue ball of energy, bells chiming angrily around it when Peter does something stupid. He’s not sure if he’s successful with his cover up.

“Come on, kid. Let’s get you to your room. Geez, did you take a bath in oil? Why do you smell like a car shop?”

“Saahir,” he mumbles into the crook of Tony’s neck. His hands stick to Tony’s shirt, holding him up effortlessly.

“I should have known. That man brings trouble wherever he goes. What was it this time?”

Peter detaches himself from the shirt and smiles up at Tony. “New robot idea. This one flies.” He ignores Tony’s heavy breath out through his nose, instead focusing on not falling as he washes his face in his bathroom sink.

He yawns once more, pushing the door shut after Tony hands him clean clothes. He changes into them, only missing the arm hole of his shirt twice. He hears Tony laugh as he steps out, almost falling asleep where he stands. Peter yawns again. He closes his eyes and feels himself start to fall, but then it goes black.

He wakes to a slight beeping. He groans, flailing out his arm to hit the alarm clock. It tumbles to the ground, but he can’t find it in him to care. It’s time for school.

The smell of pancakes greets him as he steps into the kitchen. He takes a deep breath in, savoring the smell of syrup so early in the morning.

“Look who’s finally up,” Tony chuckles. “Sit down, Happy’s running a little late this morning, so we have some time. Want pancakes?”

Peter smiles. He loves his life.

Happy drops him off at the front steps, early enough that nobody questions it. The only students outside give him a wave as h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Fluff
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

