Work Text:
"-and I'm proud to announce that we have scored first place in the competition! So please come to the front of the class and get your permission slips, we're officially going to Stark Tower!"Cheers erupted in the classroom, the noise travelling through the door and into the mostly deserted hallway, the only other people hearing it were two boys who had been talking quietly before the cheers of the class made them stop their conversation and listen to what was yelled excitedly. "Man, I wish we could have gone to Stark Tower as well." "Ned, no offence but you're probably the only High-school kid ever who had been there as much as I have. And it's Avengers tower, you should know that!" "Yeah well, I still wish we could go. I never went on a tour there." "You could just ask me and I'd give you one or ask a tour guide to give you one. You know that sugar."Ned grumbled a bit but they continued on their way towards the classroom they had set towards, Peters new web shooters which Tony had manufactures (not that this was out of the usual but they would gush over every piece of tech the man made him because it was made by Tony Stark) ready to be unpacked and fawned over by the two boys." Can't I sneak into the bus when the class has their tour? "
"Ned, I love you but please shut up about the tour. Its bad enough that there are people coming to the tower as Mr Stark has been feeling way to anxious to do any of that socializing stuff they expect him to do. That stupid reputation he has built himself is going to actually kill him one day."Ned frowned at that, Peter holding open the door to a deserted classroom they could try out the tech in peace."Did he have an attack again?"You see, Peter knew he wasn't supposed to tell anybody about how his mentor had anxiety attacks or how vulnerable and kind he actually was once you get to know him and once he starts to care for you a bit. He knew he wasn't supposed to talk about how Miss Potts would come down to the workshop and wrap her arms around the mechanic while he was working, the hand that barred the ring that had become a part of her everyday outfits coaxing his away from the tools as she softly told Tony that it was time for him to have some rest.
He shouldn't. But Ned was Ned and he already knew about Spiderman and Peter was too excited to not tell his best friend everything that happened the moment he got the chance to do so."I think so yeah. FRIDAY told me to go upstairs and wait for Happy to come and bring me home as soon as Mr Stark dropped a wrench. He just kind of... stared at it and didn't move at all."
Of course, that wasn't fully true. His mentor had been shaking slightly, eyes wide and unseeing, his head was turned down towards the workbench he had dropped the tool on. Peter had been able to pick up on the man's heart rate quickening to an alarmingly fast pace before the door slid shut behind him.Pepper had rushed down the stairs as soon as he started to climb them, squeezing herself past the teen and quickly entering her code. Peter had been at the very top of the stairs as the doors slid open again though it wasn't far enough away to cut off the jagged breathing and quiet whimpers that came from the workshop, directly followed by Pepper's heels clicking on the stone flooring and he soothing voice already trying to calm her husband down."I hope he feels a bit better when the class is there. Excited highschool kids aren't the best thing for someone who's on the brink of collapse."
"Mr Stark isn't on the brink of collapse man. He is building himself up again. After all the shit he went through I think it's only normal for him to be having panic attacks."
"Yeah, I know. Hey uhm, did you catch when the field trip was?"
"No, but it's not really important anyway as long as it isn't on a Friday."***
Of course, it wasn't fine. Flash had been in the classroom and was thus part of the elite squad that was able to come to the tower and he made sure that everybody was aware of it. Especially Peter, as it turns out."Hey dipshit! Guess who's going to be on the tour huh? You scared already that I'll find out your job there is fake and there's nothing you can do to stop me from finding out?"
"This guy needs to form his sentences better 'cause I will actually kick him in the face if he says the words 'finding out' two times in a row again."
"Michelle, how entertaining that would be, I'm going to ask you to not do that as it might get you suspended."
"Your loss," the girl said and turned her attention back to the lunch in front of her, expression blank as she opened her carton of orange juice."Hey Peter, you even listening to me?"
"Actually, no I wasn't Flash. So can you maybe just back off and sit down at your own table?" "The fuck did you just say to me Penis?"Flash took a step towards them, Peter only rolling his eyes knowing full well that the kid had only very rarely gotten physical with him, though still feeling a sense of relief wash over him as a teacher tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Good Peter
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
BAMF Pepper Potts
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bully Flash Thompson
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
BAMF Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Awesome Michelle Jones
Light Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Science

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

