Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“I have a surprise for you, Mikhail.”Mikhail looks up from his desk, pen faltering in his hand. His boss is standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame. “Surprise?” he repeats, closing the report he’s been working on. “What kind of a surprise?”“One you will like.” Lukas smiles at him. The effect is less than calming. “Walk with me, please.”Mikhail closes the report and places it in his desk drawer, then locks it. He stands and stretches, popping the vertebrae in his back. He’s been sitting for far too long. Fucking KGB and their fucking reports.He locks the office door, then follows Lukas down the hallway. There’s minimal lighting and the walls are damp, a testament to the location of the underwater HYDRA base. He can feel the wetness in every breath.“Where did this surprise come from?” he asks, trying to probe Lukas for information. He knows the man well, but he can be hard to read sometimes. Mikhial has no idea if the surprise is a reward or a firing squad.But he doesn’t think he has made any mistakes recently. In fact, he’d gotten a commendation letter three days ago from Serov, three lines of command above him, for his “exemplary performance in recent weeks.” Really, all he’d done was convince a mid-level American CIA agent to give up a few important bits of information, but if they wanted to commend him he wasn’t going to complain.“From Murmansk,” Lukas says, and Mikhail raises an eyebrow in question. “K-56 found it.”K-56? Mikhail racks his mind, thinking of the submarines he knows about. “I am unfamiliar with that designation,” he finally admits, but Lukas just waves a hand.“The sub is not important,” he says. “But you will like what it found.”He leads Mikhail down several hallways, slowly descending the sloped floors to the bottom of the base. It’s even wetter down here. Condensation is sliding down the walls.Lukas finally stops at a nondescript door and turns to face him. “I will tell you this straight, Mikhail. This is both a test and a reward. We want to see what you do with him.”“Him?”The door swings open. In true HYDRA fashion, the room contains nothing more than a chair, a single lightbulb, and a naked man. He is strapped to the chair, his nose bloody, his eyes slitted with suspicion and anger. His dark hair is shaved on the sides and spiked longer in the middle, giving him the appearance of being younger than he probably is. Bruises litter almost every inch of his open skin, most likely courtesy of Lukas’s men. They do like to make an impression.“About fucking time,” he says in English. “Are you the party I was promised? Because it’s fucking boring in here. I could use some entertainment.”“He is an American SHIELD agent,” Lukas says, and Mikhail feels his interest peak. “He’s been here for a day and a half.” He crosses his arms and smirks. “We want you to break him.”The agent twitches, a movement so minute that Mikhail almost thinks he imagines it. Lukas closes the door.Only years of training keeps Mikhail’s emotions hidden. “Break him?”“Yes. Break him. When you are done, we want a loyal HYDRA agent.” Lukas tilts his head. “You have done well, Mikhail. Not just with the American CIA man. Your recent service record has been above and beyond what we asked.”“I’m glad to have been of service,” Mikhail says, his mind spinning. “What’s his name?”“He said it was John Smith, but we suspect he is lying. That’s your first task.” Lukas hands him the key. “Take all the time and resources you need. I will expect progress reports.”
Translation: have fun, but remember you are being watched. Remember we expect results.
Mikhail takes the key. “Hail HYDRA,” he says.“Hail HYDRA.” Lukas turns and walks past him, up the hall, and out of sight.Mikhail leans against the wall, turning the key over in his hand. Break him.Well. It’s more interesting than writing reports.He opens the door again and steps in. The agent tracks his movements with sharp, wary eyes. “Who the hell are you?” he rasps.“I could ask you the same thing,” he says in Russian. “What is your name?” He dismisses the John Smith moniker instantly as the lie it is.The man tilts his head in a perfect image of confusion. “I don’t speak Russian,” he says in a bored voice. Like he’s made the excuse a thousand times before.“I think you do,” Mikhail says, thinking of his earlier reaction. “You are perhaps not fluent, but I suspect you know more than you let on.”He lets his fingers trail across the agent’s neck, into his hair, down his bare chest, down towards his unprotected cock. The agent tenses, but Mikhail doesn’t linger. He’s just touching. Cataloguing. Learning about his surprise. There’s many bruises, an intriguing tattoo, and his right index and middle fingers are taped together in a crude splint. Clearly, he was giving Lukas a hard time on the way over.“If you tell me your name,” he says, “I will bring you water.”No response. Just a shudder as the fingertips continue to graze.“I’m sure you are thirsty.”No
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Clint Barton/Hydra Agents
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov (past)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Torture
Psychological Trauma
Psychological Torture
Captivity
Clint Barton-centric
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Stockholm Syndrome
Mind Games
Rape/Non-con Elements
Physical Abuse
Victim Blaming
Punishment
Training
Whipping
Time Travel
Gaslighting
BAMF Clint Barton
Hurt Clint Barton
Paralysis
Whump
Isolation
Solitary Confinement
Sensory Deprivation
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
HYDRA Trash Party
Heavy Angst
Clint Barton Feels
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Minor Character Death
Child Death
sucidal thoughts
Dubious Consent
Cutting
Self-Harm
Eventual Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Gradual Recovery

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Clint Barton/Hydra Agents
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov (past)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Character(s)

