Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Consciousness came back slowly.  Touch was the first thing to register.  He felt a comfortable bed underneath him, nothing like the chamber that Hydra had used. He twitched the fingers of his right hand to feel the soft fabric. Scent came next, spices and fresh flowers mixed with the sterile scents of the medical grade cleaners.  Each breath carried with it more little notes.  Someone’s perfume, a slight hint of some sort of machine oil, a lingering trace of coffee.  He licked his lips and tasted the staleness of his own breath and the slight tang of copper.  Coming out of cryo apparently always tasted like copper no matter what technology was used. His awareness of his surroundings expanded and with it came bits of sound.  Closest was the beeps of machinery and the whir of oxygen.  He heard a voice off to his left and focused on it, but it seemed like his hearing was still coming in and out.  “I just don’t see why you don’t want him to know you’re here,” the voice said.  Young, female, accented.  He knew the voice.  Shuri.  The princess of Wakanda.  His hearing must have faded out again because he didn’t hear the reply.“I know you don’t hear this often, but you’re an idiot,” Shuri said.  Another pause and then she laughed.  “I think I would like these Pepper and Rhodey people.  They keep you humble.”  She laughed again and he heard the clack of shoes moving closer.  “Yes, yes.  I know.  But, I still think that you give him and the others too little credit.” Shuri’s voice grew slightly louder as she moved closer.  “If they knew…” He heard her pushing a button on the chamber and turned his head towards the sound. “Oh, he’s awake.”His eyes opened slowly.  The world was a blur of colors and bright lights.  He blinked again and began to make out the form of Shuri beside his bed.  Another blink and the medical ward around her came into focus.  He caught a glimpse of dark hair and a black t-shirt, but the doors closed before he could figure out who Shuri had been talking to. Shuri started to undo the straps that held him to the table and he returned his focus to her.“Welcome back, Sergeant Barnes.”

**********************
Wakanda was amazing.  Not just Shuri’s lab and the medical wing, but the whole country.  The city was teeming with life.  The jungles, mountains, and plains were full of natural wonders.  The people were friendly and curious.  At first he’d stood out as one of the few foreigners in the country, but after the third time he’d been brought out of hibernation he stopped being interesting. The street vendors knew him by now.  So did the people in the palace.  He was expected, welcome. Despite their friendliness, he always found himself out here, in a hut among the border tribe.The first day or two out of cyro were always the hardest to shake off the urge to sleep.  The local boys had made a game of sneaking in while he slept.  The first few days they actually succeeded.  Bucky wondered how long it would take for it to get old.  In any case, he learned to hold back his natural reaction to attack.  Instead he stretched slowly.  He felt his lips twitch into a smile as the three boys ran off. Bucky reached over and wrapped a shawl around his shoulder, hiding the capped off end where a metal arm used to be. He stepped out into the sunlight and wasn’t surprised to find the girl there laughing with the children who had woken him.  They ran off, calling out his nickname, the White Wolf, as they went.  He shook his head.  “Good morning, Sergeant Barnes,” Shuri said as soon as he stopped beside her.“Bucky,” he corrected.  And, it felt more true this time than it had previously.  He really was starting to feel more like Bucky than the Asset.  “How are you feeling?”She asked him every time he woke up and it still never got old.  He took a moment to consider the answer.  “Good,” he answered honestly.  Whatever magic her technology was doing while he slept was actually working.  He was starting to feel at peace here.  More like himself than he remembered feeling in a long time.  And she and her brother were the reason for it.  “Thank you.”Shuri smiled.  “Come,” she patted him on the chest and started to walk away. “There is much more for you to learn.”Bucky took a moment to stare out at the water in front of him.  He drank in the peace of this little paradise before turning and following her back towards the palace.  He easily used his longer stride to catch up with Shuri.  “What did you have in mind?” Shuri grinned at him as she led him to a waiting vehicle.  “There have been some advancements while you slept.” She flashed him another wide grin as she hopped into the driver seat.It wasn’t the first time he had ridden in a Wakandan vehicle, but he didn’t think he was ever going to get used to the hover technology that they had.  The fact that there were a number of these small planes flying around boggled his mind.  And then there were the hover bikes and levitating trains…. Shuri was an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Fix-It
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Muteness
Curses
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Light Dom/sub
Rope Bondage
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

