Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter sighed and glanced at Tony. A kid Tony met 11 years ago was coming to stay?“I promise Pete, you’re gonna love him,” Tony insisted, as they walked to the lab. “He’s around your age, I think,” “How old is he?” Peter queried, playing with the hem of his shirt and following Tony. “God, now I have to do the math,” Tony groaned and thought for a moment. “22? I think,” “Mr. Stark, I’m 17,” Peter pointed out. “I didn’t age when I turned to dust,” Tony’s head snapped in Peter’s direction, his eyes wide. “Sorry,” Peter murmured. “I know you don’t like to talk about that,” Tony gave a shaky smile and brushed it off. “Anyone younger than me is automatically a baby,” Tony joked, almost hiding his pain. “So your ages are grouped together,” “I’m not a baby,” Peter complained, quietly. “Sticking out your bottom lip only disproves your point, kid,” Tony teased, smirking. Peter sighed. “So, when will this guy get here?” Peter questioned, suddenly. “My plane just landed, so soon,” Tony stated. “I really want you guys to get along,” “Why?” Peter asked, curious. “As everyone likes to point out, I have a habit of adopting young people,” Tony reluctantly admitted. “I guess he was the first in the long line of adopted kids,” Peter laughed lightly. “I just want you both to have someone to talk to,” Tony added. “Maybe he’ll be like an older brother figure, or something?” Peter shrugged and gave a small smile. ——— Peter watched as the door began to open and someone stepped into the lab. Without raising his head, Peter followed the person’s feet as they walked to where Tony was situated. “Pete?” Tony called.  Looking up, Peter tried not to internally groan as he laid eyes on the new person in the room. Peter was screwed. So screwed. Peter hopped off his stool and made his way to Tony. “Peter, this is Harley,” Tony stated. “Harley, meet Peter,” “Hey Pete,” Harley greeted with a grin. “Tony’s told me a lot about you,” Peter began to freak out. Of course Mr. Stark would do this. Introduce Peter to one of the most beautiful people he’d ever seen. With an even more beautiful southern accent. Without any warning. Really, it was Peter’s own fault. Mr. Stark didn’t know Peter was into guys. How could he? Peter hadn’t told anyone. Except Ned and MJ, but they didn’t really count in the whole bisexual grand scheme of things.  “Peter?” Tony asked, sounding worried. Of course Peter zoned out. Of course he did. Forever branding himself as a panicky spaced out weirdo. “Uh- yeah,” Peter replied. “Sorry- uh- it’s nice to meet you,” Harley laughed and Peter wanted the ground to swallow him. Now, Harley was laughing at him. Swallowing, Peter smiled awkwardly. “I-uh- have to go,” Peter murmured. “Sorry, Mr. Stark,” “Tony, you make him call you Mr. Stark?” Harley cried, incredulously.  Peter almost cried at the way Mr. Stark’s name rolled off Harley’s tongue so confidently. “I tried to make him call me Tony,” Tony insisted. “Didn’t work out,” “I’d better go,” Peter repeated, before rushing to grab his things. Peter kept his head down and sped out of the lab without even glancing back. ———— “Was it something I said?” Harley asked, only half joking. “Nah, the kid’s just shy,” Tony assured. “He’s a bumbling mess around strangers,” Harley nodded, taking a deep breath. “So, Mr. Mechanic, what are you making?” Harley asked, attempting to change the subject and forget the adorable blush that had risen in Peter’s cheek. Or the way he had first looked at Harley. “I wouldn’t worry,” Tony said, stopping the subject change. But Harley couldn’t do anything else. He worried he’d offended Peter somehow, or said the wrong thing. He was also worried about his odd fascination with this guy he’d only just met. “How old did you say he is?” Harley asked, quietly.  “17,” Tony, ever so oblivious, replied. “Cool, cool,” Harley breathed, feeling anything but. “I was hoping you two would get close,” Tony admitted. “I’m sure Peter could use an older brother,” Harley almost winced at the immorality of what Tony said. “Listen, Tony,” Harley started, attempting to explain. “I don’t think I’ll ever see Peter as a brother,” Tony completely misunderstood Harley’s point. Obviously.  “He’s a great kid, you’ll warm up to him eventually,” Tony insisted. Harley didn’t mention that he’d already warmed up to him far too much. In fact, he was probably playing with a candle flame right now. ————— “I completely froze,” Peter whined. “It was so uncool,” “I’m sure no one noticed,” Ned assured as MJ snorted with laughter. “Ned, everyone noticed,” Peter argued, putting his head in his hands. “I might as well have worn a t-shirt that said ‘I want you to ruin me’,” “Woah,” MJ said, sitting up. “That bad?” Ned asked. “That bad,” Peter confirmed. “Just tell him that,” MJ advised. “Two great outcomes,” “How are there two great outcomes?” Peter asked, his eyebrows raised.  “You could get laid,” MJ answered. “Or I could have another crisis drawing subject,” “Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Harley is a chaotic gay
Peter is a panicked bisexual
They both need a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Depression
Flashbacks
Also Tony needs a hug
Not Team Cap
Not Team Iron Man
No Bias Intended
read it how you want
Thanos is a trick ass bitch
Avengers: Infinity War compliant
Until it isn’t
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Tony Stark adopts children
He can’t help it
Hurt Peter
Comforting Harley
Hurt Harley
Comforting Peter
Natasha is Spider-Mom
100 percent
We hate Skip
Skip is awful
Peter sees Skip
like in real life
peter has flashbacks
I’m trying to make it really obvious
Please don’t read if it makes you uncomfortable
no beta we die like women
Homophobia
Avengers: Endgame Compliant
mostly - Freeform
The rape/non-con is in the past
it does not occur between the main pairing
just wanted to clarify because it may not be clear :)

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

