Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter stared around his room with a blank look on his face. It wasn’t really his room per se, it was just one of the spare rooms in his Dad and Pepper’s cabin home that they’d deemed fit for him to move into now that the entire ‘blip’ ordeal was over. Peter didn’t really get the house, running his fingers over the wood; his entire life, his Dad had been all about the extravagant stuff. Fast cars and advanced technology— they used to live in a Malibu Mansion that overlooked the sea . . . but now, his Dad seemed to have settled on a simple home made of wood that sat by a lake.His room didn’t really feel like Peter’s, or at least it didn’t in the way his old room in Malibu had. Or even the room he’d owned in the Tower after 2012 and the Avengers Initiative (and later the destruction of the Malibu Mansion) had forced him and his Dad to relocate across the country. Those rooms had felt like home, with Star Wars posters and Lego pieces on the floor. His Malibu room had been double the size of the room Peter was standing in now, overlooking the sea and filled to the brim of memories and toys. It had been his childhood room.This room had no memories or anything that made Peter feel warm. His Dad had tried to make it as ‘Peter’ as he could, having brought Lego and posters to decorate the room. There was even the Spider-Man lamp that his Dad had brought a year ago (6 years in reality since the ‘blip’ seemed to of messed up everyone’s timelines) after Peter had proven himself capable of being a superhero, bringing down the Vulture and saving his Dad’s stuff. The lamp had been a way of Tony proving he was proud of who his son was, superhero warts and all.But now, the lamp seemed like a mockery. Time had passed, people had moved on and this lamp wasn’t the original one his Dad had brought straight after the Vulture incident. Peter had seen his Dad’s shopping receipt only a few days after the end battle when Carol Danvers had snapped her fingers and destroyed all of Thanos’ army; he’d seen the long list of stuff Tony had brought to make Peter feel more like he was home. That lamp had been on the list.In all honesty, Peter knew all of the decorations and toys in his so-called room were fake. His Dad had clearly thrown away all of Peter’s old things because none of the posters or Lego’s currently in his room now were the ones he’d owned throughout his childhood. His Star Wars bedsheets were too scratchy to have been the ones he’d slept in every single night for years before the blip. His game controllers no longer had the chocolate stain on the right handle from when Ned had dropped some food on it during a sleepover, not noticing until the chocolate had dried and stained. His Luke Skywalker poster no longer had the fake Mark Hamill signature that Peter knew Clint had secretly done but he’d pretended to believe had come from the Jedi actor himself.It was all wrong and Peter didn’t like it. But then, ever since the Hulk snapped his fingers and all the ‘blipped’ people came back, nothing had really seemed right.——————“Morgan, use a knife and fork please,” Pepper sighed, reaching over the table to where Peter’s 4 year old half-sister was picking up her food with chubby fingers before shoving it in her mouth. Pepper helped cut up some of her vegetables and meat before giving the girl a pointed look as she held out the fork. Tony just chuckled at the young girl’s antics, a look of love on his face as the 4 year old finally used her fork to pick up her carrots.“So, Pete,” Tony cleared his throat when he turned away from Morgan and looked towards his teenage son. “I didn’t know if you wanted some more things for your room? We can buy some more furniture if you want? A desk, maybe?”Peter used to have a desk in his old room at the Tower. It had been made of oak and Ned had written ‘PS+NL=BFFs’ on one of the leg stands. MJ had stuck a female empowerment sticker on the other leg stand. That was properly long gone now.Peter just shrugged, shoving some more food into his mouth so he didn’t have to answer.“We can get you some more posters and stuff, too?” His Dad pressed on, watching Peter intently as the teen kept his Dad down. “What about more Lego?”Peter was about to reply when Morgan cut in, her eyes widening and focusing on their Dad. “Can i have Lego too Daddy?” Her voice was full of excitement and Peter watched as a smile grew on Tony’s face, a hand stretching out to ruffle the 4 year old’s hair that was exact same shade as Peter’s but with less curls.“Of course you can Morguna!” Morgan giggled at their father’s nickname for her, squealing with delight as he gently tickled her across the table. Peter watched the entire exchange with a sort of numbness, his eyes flitting to where Pepper was staring at her husband and daughter with a softness on her face and love shining clearly through her eyes.Sometimes Peter didn’t feel like he ever truly came back from the ‘blip’.——————“What is it like having a siblin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Father-Son Relationship
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker Has a Family
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
No Spider-Man Far From Home Spilers
No Spoilers
Brother-Sister Relationships
Big Brother Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

