Work Text:
Most days, unless one of the other guys - or ladies, through Natasha always gets a really constipated look when Steve calls her that or ma’am more than once - drags him out, end with Steve going home to either sketch or read for the evening, turning in early enough to make his morning runs with Sam at six.It’s a routine that works well for Steve. He knows that they worry about him, that they think he’s lonely, and to be fair, Steve isn’t sure if he is either way. He’s got a life - he’s got Bucky and a team that he trusts implicitly. In the grand scheme of things, Steve doesn’t feel like his life is missing anything, or that he’s got any right to complain. But there are moments where he remembers what it was like to work alongside Peggy, to have that thrill of the possibility of more, and he suddenly feels a wave of unbearable sadness.So he lets them take him bowling or out to weird restaurants that Tony calls fusion cuisine. Because it’s not what he really needs, but sometimes you just need something to fill the space.Tonight, Natasha’s dragged him and Clint to some sort of bar in lower Manhattan. Except it’s not like most of the bars that he’s been to before, usually at Tony’s irritating insistence; this bar has more of a laidback feel to it. There are old licence plates from all fifty states nailed to the walls alongside interesting modern art installations using what looks like recycled materials. It’s an odd mix of cool modernism and warm retro (at least from what Steve has picked up over the last few years, post-ice - in this time, retro is a good twenty years after he hit the ice).He actually likes it a lot. Once they settle in the booth, a young man with a half-shaved head steps up to the small stage in the corner and picks up an acoustic guitar. Turns out the guy has a smooth, soft voice that Steve actually enjoys listening to.They’re nursing the first round of beers (frankly, Steve never enjoyed getting drunk pre-serum anyway, so the fact that alcohol doesn’t even give him a buzz anymore doesn’t really bug him - he just likes the taste) when Clint says, “Whoa,” in an awed tone. When Steve turns to face him, Clint’s got almost comically large eyes which seem to be darting between Steve, Natasha, and something over Steve’s shoulder. “Is that Lewis with Henry from Accounting?”Sure enough, when Steve darts a look, trying for casual enough that if Darcy catches him looking it won’t appear like he’s creepily staring at her, she is, indeed, sitting next to Henry, her eyes focused on his face as he tells her a story that involves a lot of hand gestures. Darcy laughs suddenly and brings her bottle of beer to lips. Steve tries not to stare at her mouth and fails miserably.He and Darcy haven’t crossed paths many times over the last few months that she’s been working at the tower on various projects with Stark or SHIELD, but she reminds him a bit of the girls that used to run the show in his old neighbourhood, used to wear bright red lipstick and let the wind toss their skirts up high enough that the married, church-going women would toss them a dirty, judgemental look before corralling their children or husbands into their homes.Basically, the women who never gave Steve a second look. God, barely a first look, if that.Steve used to sketch their ankles, the curved lines of their calves and thighs that disappeared under their skirts that he used to imagine were soft and warm with their body. They weren’t ever mean to him - no, most women in the neighbourhood liked Steve plenty, just never like that - but they were always invariably interested in guys like Bucky, that waxed their hair back and knew how to toss a dame over their shoulder.Now… now he’s watching Darcy on what’s clearly a date with a guy who looks more like Steve did back in the day (okay, a lot taller with broader shoulders, but skinny and definitely skewin’ more to Steve than Bucky). Darcy, who barely seems to pay him a lick of notice when he’s around, more likely to throw him a friendly smile than the hungry stares that he’s come to expect with this new body and this new age.Natasha looks nonplussed when Steve finally turns around, though Natasha looks nonplussed when being actively shot at, so that doesn’t mean much. “So what if she is?” she asks, finally looking irritated as she motions for their waitress. “Ugh, where is our waitress? I want some goddamn mozza sticks!” No one fucks with Natasha when she’s hungry.Clint smiles before reaching a hand up and getting a look from the harried waitress who motions back that she’s coming. “So… I don’t know.” Natasha takes a drink from his beer and he makes a low hissing noise before stealing it back, nearly losing a finger in the process. “Doesn’t look like her type.”“And you know what her type is?”Steve zones out a bit, trying to find ways of watching what’s going on behind him without turning around and making it obvious. There’s half a shiny car bumper sticking out of the wall that gives hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Minor Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
complete and total fluff
it is my head canon that bucky barnes enjoys ridiculous "girly" drinks
and is generally shameless about it

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

