Work Text:

Monica had come in to parent-teacher night prepared for a wide variety of awkward conversations. This was not one of them. Yet here she is, sitting across her desk from Iron Man, trying not to hurt his feelings. She hadn’t thought she’d be in a more awkward situation tonight than discussing with Ned Leeds’ father Ned’s inappropriate use of the computer labs on homecoming night. That’s just how life goes, though. Sometimes you’re telling a student’s parents about their child’s surprisingly good midterm grade, sometimes you’re sitting across from Iron Man, trying to find a kinder way to phrase “I can’t talk to you about Peter because you’re not his father.”

 

“So how does this work?” Tony Stark is asking, “I’ve never been to one of these before. My Dad wasn’t really a hands-on guy-”


It’s a lot more personal than anything she was expecting to come out of his mouth, making her think about Pepper Potts thanking her for looking after him, and the look on his face when Peter was hurting. It makes what she’s about to say much harder. “I’m sorry, Mr Stark, we’re not permitted to discuss our students with anyone other than a legally appointed parent or guardian, or someone formally nominated by that parent or guardian to come in their stead.”


Tony Stark looks thrown, just for a fraction of a second. He recovers so quickly it’s almost imperceptible. “See, I’m thinking he should just drop something to make more time for science. Gym, maybe, or English. Who needs that?” He continues like she hasn’t said anything.


Monica glances up at the door to the classroom, where Michelle Jones is standing with her mother. “You also don’t have an appointment,” she interrupts.


Tony Stark ignores her completely. “We’re looking at sending in the patent application for the fluid he’s been working on - you saw it when you came to the tower, back when it was apparently fine for you to talk to me about Peter - he could just use a few more hours…”


“Internship interviews and Parent-Teacher interviews are two different things, Mr Stark.”

 

Michelle Jones clears her throat. “Can we get this over with? We’ve kind of got a nurses’ strike to get to.” Her face is blank, the way it is when she’s trying especially hard to look uninterested in something. “Hi, Peter’s boss.”


Tony Stark raises an eyebrow at her. “Hi, Peter’s not-girlfriend.”


Michelle looks away, down at the ground, up at the ceiling, stiffening and shuffling uncomfortably. “He’s not my - I don’t even - we’re friends, I guess, kind of. He’s weird.”


Michelle’s mother is looking intrigued. “Who’s Peter?”


“No one,” says Michelle, stuffing her hands in her pockets and avoiding her mother’s eyes.


“Please excuse me, Mr Stark,” Monica interposes, “I have another appointment. If you’d like to discuss Peter’s internship, I’m sure we can organise a meeting at a later date.”

 

Tony Stark gets up, but he doesn’t leave, instead going over to read one of the research posters still up on the wall from the seniors mock science conference last week. 

 

Deciding the best option is just to carry on like there isn’t a disgruntled superhero/scientific genius sulking in her classroom, Monica welcomes Michelle and her mother. They have both plainly decided that Tony Stark is not worth getting excited about. 


“I’m so glad you’re making friends, MJ,” Michelle’s mother is saying warmly, “You know, I think I remember you mentioning this Peter before. One of the boys in your academic decathlon club, right? The one in your picture? The handsome one?”

 

It’s a very good lead in to the awkward topic Monica had been planning to raise with Michelle’s mother, about the amount of time Michelle spends sketching Peter during class instead of doing physics. Monica doesn’t take it. Michelle’s mortified enough as it is. They spend the next ten minutes discussing Michelle’s excellent grades and need for improvement in the group work component of the class while Tony Stark plays with the perpetual motion model one of the seniors had made for the conference.

 

 Michelle and her mother leave to talk to Michelle’s art teacher, Michelle stony-faced while her mother peppers her with questions about Peter, suggesting Michelle invite him round for dinner or a study session.

 

Flash Thompson is next, with stern, distant parents who bombard Monica with demands and don’t direct a single word to their son for the entire interview. They’re not speaking to one another either and the whole situation is tenser than the time she sat in Tony Stark’s lab and watched Peter Parker disarm a bomb. Flash is trying too hard to pretend he doesn’t care and holding his midterm with the big red 92% where his parents can see it. Mr Thompson takes it from his hand without looking at his son. “This is unacceptable,” he states, “If Eugene is going to get into MIT he’ll need to improve.”


“92% is an extremely good score on this test,” Monica tells him, although she knows Flash made a few silly errors that he could
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
POV Outsider
teacher pov
Parent-teacher interviews
Minor Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

