Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark had always been a man of science and he always would be. It was his personal and fundamental belief that everything had an explanation. His eventual encounters with Norse gods, alien life, and sorcerers did kind of quake this a little bit, but still.One thing that had always confounded him as the one thing that had no scientific explanation was fate. Murphy’s law, Finagle’s law, the butterfly effect, the domino effect, the snowball effect, and the wisest of all: “Shit happens.”For example, at age nine, Tony was playing with (that is, disassembling) toy robots and cars when he was told to get ready for the day. Almost brushing his teeth reminded him that he hadn’t eaten breakfast yet. Watching bacon sizzle in the pan reminded him that he’d left his jacket on a computer exhaust. Tossing his jacket into his room, atop all the disassembled pieces, reminded him to go check if his favorite T-shirt had been washed yet. Checking on his T-shirt, he passed by a window and saw snowfall. Seeing snowfall, he went back to his room to grab his jacket. Having forgotten about the disassembled toy pieces, he blindly grabbed his jacket and pierced his palm on a screw. Lo and behold, now he has a tiny scar on his palm.The chain of events were not illogical, but there was no chemistry, no formula. The butterfly beat its wings, the domino tipped over, the snowball began to roll. Shit happened.So how peculiar was it that one of the greatest things to ever happen to him began with a tray of champagne?Tony was thirty years old and was at one of such a long, long list of charity balls that he had to remind himself just what charity it was for several times throughout the night. There were men in three-piece suits and women in long, flowing dresses. Alcohol was pouring from every bottle and he swore there was a band blasting music at every other corner.Tony was doing what he typically did at these balls and galas: spacing out. Rhodey was going to be flying in soon and he wanted to treat him to an unnecessarily expensive dinner, but couldn’t decide which restaurant would be best. He was sipping on a glass of red wine and wondering if he had or hadn’t tasted its kind before. A woman in a deep-cut crimson dress was eyeballing him across the way and he couldn’t tell if there was a wedding ring on her finger or not. And, of course, plans. Plans for machines, plans for Stark Industries, plans of public speeches and award ceremonies, plans for this and that and whatever else.Enter the tray of champagne, sudden and jarring, knocking over his shoulder and drenching his…geez, which one was this again? Armani? Dolce & Gabbana? Didn’t really matter, he guessed.It had happened before and it would happen again. As per the norm, there are gasps and groans of sympathy, the clinking of glass hitting the floor, and a profuse stream of “Oh my god, Mr. Stark, I am so sorry! I am so, so sorry!”Tony, meanwhile, just shook off the droplets that had trickled down his fingertips. “You’re fine. It’s fine. Just two thousand dollars, no worries.”“I’m so sorry!” The waiter looked on the verge of tears, like he was staring a gun down the barrel. “I wasn’t looking, I wasn’t—I’m so sorry, Mr. Stark.”“Yeah, yeah, I heard you. Hey, you got a manager I can talk to?” The sudden blueness of the poor guy’s face was worth it, and Tony laughed and clapped his shoulder with his champagne-sticky hand. “That was a joke. Point me to a bathroom, then find a place to put your head between your knees.”He was directed to the bathroom while the guy was still struggling to breathe. He walked in and was struck with the realization that hey, he’d been in this place before and somehow not known it. He recognized the porcelain faucets and gold lining of the floor tiles. Not that he was marveling in the scenery. Nodding to the woman standing in the corner, he moved towards…the…Tony looked back. Yeah. Woman. Definitely a woman. Short, slender. Smooth brown hair that fell to her shoulders, round green eyes. Perma-dimples and a little beauty mark on her chin. Like most of the female waiting staff, she was dressed in a black pencil skirt and white blouse. A little black ribbon was tied in her shirt collar.While he was staring, she just nodded at him with her hands behind her back.Tony clicked his tongue. “Hello.”She did the same nod with a bit more sarcasm.Tony pursed his lips and looked around the bathroom. There was no one in there but them. Urinals lined the wall. He was not lost.He looked back at her with a grin that was only half-forced. “Are you my tour guide?”“Your assistant.” She reached to the little gilded cart pressed against the wall, picked up a little bowl filled with pinkish little candies. “Mint?”Lips still pursed in a half-forced smile, Tony pointedly plucked one from the bowl and tucked it away. Another rehearsed nod.Tony pointed past her head. “I’m not to assume there’s a forty-odd man in the ladies’ room, am I?”She sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Mary Fitzpatrick
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark is Peter's Biological Father
Family
Feels
Fluff
Mostly Canon Compliant
The First Few Chapters Are Pre-Iron Man
Character Death
but OC character death so
Irondad
Not all characters tagged are major
Pepperony - Freeform
Peterchelle
Father-Son Relationship
Mother-Son Relationship
Technically because pepper loves peter too
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Mary Fitzpatrick
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)

