Chapter 1



Summary:

"That's a weird name," Tony says honestly as he loosens his hold on his legs and scrunches up his nose adorably, relaxing a bit in the man's presence despite still looking terrified. "I like it."



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
That it happens isn't much of a surprise to anyone. They're Avengers after all. They've seen weird. Hell, they've got two soldiers out of time, a man who turns into a giant green rage monster, two gods, a teenager who got his powers after being bit by a spider (like seriously?) and a whole bunch of weird people in their little rag tag family so they're basically experts in the weird department. To suddenly have Tony Stark as a four year old is actually less shocking than it truly is. After all, weird comes with the job description."So, you guys think can we reverse this?" Clint asked after taking one look at the frightened four year old in a too large shirt sitting next to the empty Iron Man suit after a long battle with some dude with magic abilities who Tony had called a Hogwarts dropout which is how it landed said genius in this situation in the first place."We should call Strange," Natasha mumbles after having allowed the shock to wear off and taking charge of the situation seeing as the others were still working on believing."How 'bout we stop talkin' 'bout him like he ain't a foot away from us," Bucky hissed at the team after noticing the way the child had curled into himself and looked at all of them with big frightened brown eyes and looking seconds away from bursting into tears. "Go call whoever ya need to call, we'll take care of this."Natasha nodded and her and Clint headed off while the remainder of the team, Steve, Sam, Vision, Wanda and Bucky himself stayed with the kid who hadn't said a word to them since he was found by Sam five minutes ago. Steve had his 'How-Is-This-My-Life' look that he often got during weird situations either at home or on the field."Uh guys? Everything alright?" Bruce asked through the comms and Bucky realized that the man was still waiting on the QuinJet in case of a Code Green, but the battle had ended minutes ago and no one had informed him of what was going on with his science bro."We're done here, but there's been a problem. We'll be there in a few," Steve tells the man who makes an affirmative sound and then the team is all looking at each other wondering who's going to approach the kid."For fuck's sake," Bucky grumbled in exasperation before he slowly starts to close the distance between him and the child. "Hey kiddo.""Who are you?" Tony asks in a small wobbly tone as he tightens his hold on his legs a tiny bit as he stares up at Bucky, gaze flickering to his metal arm momentarily and Bucky refrained himself from smiling when he saw the curious look on the child's face."My name is James, but my friends call me Bucky," the ex Hydra assassin says as he crouches down in front of the child with a comfortable distance between them to not keep frightening him."That's a weird name," Tony says honestly as he loosens his hold on his legs and scrunches up his nose adorably, relaxing a bit in the man's presence despite still looking terrified. "I like it."Bucky chuckles at that, ignoring the gazes of their teammates on his back and instead focusing entirely on the situation. For people who fought with robots, aliens and whatever mutated creature that they came across, they sure didn't know how to act around a small human who the only thing that could do was kill them with cuteness."And what's your name? It's only fair that you tell me since I told you mine, right?""I'm Anthony.""How do you want me to call you? Do you prefer Anthony, Tony or somethin' else?""Tony's good, I think."After a few minutes of talking with the kid, who honestly was pretty close to crying after realizing he wasn't anywhere familiar (well more like he couldn't remember anything and wasn't that a huge ass problem all on its own), Bucky was able to pick him up with his consent and carry him towards the group of awaiting superheroes who'd pretended that they hadn't just eavesdropped on the whole conversation. Tony had merely clung to Bucky as he greeted the group shyly, Wanda cooing at the kid whose cheeks turned a cute rosy color."We should get him checked out by Bruce," Steve tells Bucky who nods as they begin to head towards the Quinjet with the metal armed super soldier explaining to the kid what was happening.*"There is nothing I can do to reverse this," Doctor Strange says after he takes a look at Tony who's being kept busy by the Cloak of Levitation though Bucky is standing close by because Tony wouldn't let him out of his sight without panicking. He was still scared of everyone else, but comfortable enough with Bucky which had really baffled the man since he has a metal arm and he really isn't good with kids since his post HYDRA days."Thought you were the sorcerer supreme or whatever shit?" Cli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Tony Stark
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Parent Bucky Barnes
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Protective Avengers
Protective Peter Parker
Big Brother Peter Parker
Everyone Is Alive
Timeline What Timeline
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Canon After That
Lady Loki
De-Aged Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Domestic Fluff
Family Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Father-Son Relationship
Mild Smut
Like very little
Based on a Taylor Swift Song
well sort of
Supportive Steve Rogers
Established Relationship
Relationship Problems
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Aunts & Uncles
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Growing Up

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Loki & Peter Parker

