Chapter 1: 1
    


Notes:
ENDGAME SPOILERS PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK! I am not kidding!READ EVERYTHING BELOW THIS PLEASE!NOTE: NOT Spider-Man: FFH compliant. (I haven't even see the movie yet, so it's pretty much a given that you will receive no spoilers here ;))Rated for/TRIGGER WARNINGS: Some description injuries, depressive thoughts, suicidal thoughts, mental health issues, PTSD, self harm, and paranoia on my part. Please, PLEASE, take care of yourselves, loves! I swear that this story ends uphill, but it is going to be brutal getting there. No slash, no smut, no non-con, no incest. Language is all K.Pairings: Pepper/Tony, Clint/LauraNOTE 2*: This fic is technically an add-on to my Endgame fix-it "Withering Away", but you DON'T need to read it to understand, basically, what's happening. I'm going to give a basic overview of major points if you don't want to read it below, but if you have, please proceed ahead. :)1. When the snap happened, Bruce and Hulk were severed in half and Hulk was killed. During the battle, Hulk returned and they are still two separate entities.2. Thor is struggling with selective mustism, and delved into his role as king of Asgard to deal with his grief, rather than shirk his duties. When the Avengers came to get him after Scott, Thor agreed only if he could bring the Tesseract back with Loki on the Statesmen.3. Thor snapped to bring the Vanished back (complicated reasons on why, but he did, 'cause Bruce and Hulk weren't one and it would've killed him ;))4. When Tony snapped to take everyone from 2014 away (including Gamora) he didn't kill them, just wiped their memories and sent them back to their timeline. BUT, the Avengers held hands (gosh that sounds so cheesy) and shared the load of power, so TONY'S NOT DEAD! :)5. This really will make more sense if you've read the last chapter of Withering Away, at least, but you should be able to pick up the gist from here. :) Thank you for your interest!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
"Domingo en fuego,

I think I lost my halo."
-Twenty One Pilots "Polarize"
1.No amount of pressure, knowledge, facts, or otherwise can change Peter's opinion about hospitals: They are awful. He didn't like them much before he was bit, but after the spider-bite, and the consequential increase of senses, everything got so much worse. Hospitals smell, they're loud, the aids are frankly too cheerful, and they bring up memories he'd rather not poke at today.Or anyday, really.But still.He's really not sure how long he's been sitting in this chair. He thinks it's been over three hours, but he doesn't have his phone and the waiting room, oddly enough, doesn't have any clocks in it. Admittedly, he's relieved. He doesn't want to watch the passage of time. He doesn't want to see how many minutes are slipping away."You. Spider." Peter jerks his head up at the noise from where it's previously been buried in his knees and sees Sam Wilson—Falcon, Falcon is talking to him—standing in front of him with two cups of something in either hand. Judging from the smell, he's going to guess coffee, but he's not certain.His nose wrinkles despite himself, and he gnaws on his inner lip for a second. He's never really been fond of the smell of coffee, honestly. He loves the taste, but the smell...gah, it's so powerful and it makes his stomach churn with displeasure. It's only gotten worse since the bite.Falcon said something to him.It's common courtesy to reply back, Parker."Um. Yeah?" Peter questions, not shifting from his position. One leg is tucked close to his chest as the other sits on the chair in a half butterfly. This pose is one of the few that hasn't made everything below his knees go numb since he got here, and he appreciates that.Peter tries to ignore the way the other eyes in the waiting room look up towards them at a louder noise. The attention feels stifling.Falcon holds out one of the cups towards him, "You drink caffeine?"Tony says he shouldn't, but he does, on occasion when the situation calls or permits it, drink himself hazy with the substance. "Sometimes," Peter admits reluctantly, and Falcon nods once before shifting the cup out further towards him."Here. Take it. You look like you could use an energy boost." Falcon says firmly. What is that supposed to mean? Peter looks like a half-dead zombie that just crawled its way out of purgatory? Because, frankly, given everything that's been somewhat explained to him and he's overheard, that isn't exactly wrong, is it?He was dead for five years.
Years.
And he remembers almost nothing. He has faint whispers of memories of a yellow sky and wandering through water trying to find something, but he doesn't know if that was some sort of dream or a hallucination he created to appease his frantic mind.Peter reaches out an unsteady hand and grasps the coffee cup, pulling it out of Falcon's hand. The weight feels funny against the Iron Spider suit, but Peter doesn't really ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harley Keener & Nebula & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Family
Dysfunctional Family
Team as Family
Loki & Peter Parker Friendship
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Needs a Hug
People are refraining from giving him hugs
Hurt Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Anxiety
Mental Health Issues
Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Families of Choice
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Everyone Needs A Hug
Kidnapping
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
5+1 Things
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Permanent Injury
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Injury
May is everyone's aunt
Suicide Attempt

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harley Keener & Nebula & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

