Chapter 1





Chapter Text
According to the comics, one-reels, newspaper articles and other fanciful pieces of fiction, being one of the Howling Commandos consisted entirely of ingenious plans and fantastic acts of bravery and daring.  Bucky Barnes shivered in the frigid wind, and frantically rubbed his hands together for the hundredth time that night as he paced around the dilapidated hut they were currently using as a base.  He should be asking for his money back, he reflected to himself.  Tonight’s guard duty had been discouragingly devoid of dazzling heroics, unless you counted his heroic decision to venture out of the warmth inside to check the perimeter.He stopped briefly, listened and watched.  The wind whistled faintly through the snow-covered trees, rocking the lantern that hung from the eaves, making the shadows dance and twist.  The snow muffled all other sound, the silence echoing through the night.  If he didn’t know better, he could believe that he was the only person for miles.He sighed and hitched up the rifle on his shoulder.  Quiet was good, no matter what the newsreels said.  Quiet meant safety.  If it also meant that he had to be alone with his thoughts, that was a small price to pay.  Fog ghosted out into the air as he took a deep breath.  Thoughts were nothing to worry about, anyway.  If his brain happened to flash back every now and again to the table, and the straps, and a pudgy man in round glasses hovering over him with a syringe full of something that burned like acid and froze like ice until the world was nothing but—A sudden crack echoed through the forest and he nearly jumped two feet into the air, and had his rifle out sweeping wildly around before his brain caught up to what he was doing.  He held his breath and scanned the shadows frantically, ears straining to hear a sound.  The lantern swung gently.  The shadows flickered.  The breeze wafted branches.  Nothing else moved. Slowly he let out his breath.  A broken branch from the snow?  Nothing to worry about, in any case.  He lowered the rifle, took a deep breath, turned back towards the hut——and swallowed a scream as the world turned inside out.***Something grabbed at him from two hundred directions at once.  Bright sparks of colours flashed across his vision.  Something howled in his ears and itched under his skin and stole his breath when he tried to shout.  He hit something, or something hit him, and his back lit up with fire, his head shrieked, he tried to move his arms and legs but he couldn’t be sure that the messages were getting through from his brain— just like when— The colours screamed at him and fragments of sounds swirled around him, making no sense at all.“—careful he’s not—”“—his arm isn’t—”“—ucky, just calm—”Somewhere in his mind, a signal fired and he lifted his eyelids.  Ghostly faces crowded over him—too-bright lights behind them and melting ribbons of colours wavering around them.  He tried his tongue.  “Wha—”A hand cradled the side of his head and one of the faces came closer.  Blue eyes looked urgently at him.  “It’s okay Buck—”“…steve?”  For a few fragile seconds, his brain attempted to pull his thoughts into something resembling coherency.  Then another wave of colours slammed through his vision, swirling like a pin-wheel until they blended into bright, clear white that bleached away everything else and then faded into nothing at all.***He woke up in fits and starts; at first awareness was elusive, then there was a snatch of sound, the feel of a hand on his wrist, softness underneath his body, the growing recognition of light under his eyelids.  It was vague and confusing, and then suddenly his thoughts focused enough for him to realise that he didn’t remember falling asleep and also he didn’t know where he was. Instinct slammed into gear.  His muscles surged, his eyes snapped open, and he launched himself upright, nearly slamming straight into the man who had been leaning over him seconds before.“Whoa!”  Familiar hands grabbed his arms and a familiar face looked worriedly at his.  “Buck!  Bucky!  Calm down.  It’s okay.  It’s me.  Please stop struggling.”Struggling?  Bucky stared wildly at Steve and belatedly realised that his arms were still fruitlessly trying to grapple with his friend’s, trying to get free…  What the hell was he doing?He took a breath and forced himself to freeze, forced himself to look at Steve with a gaze that was at least approaching collected.  It was just Steve, for heaven’s sake.  It was his best friend.  It was Captain freaking America.When he found his voice, Bucky was relieved to discover that it was relatively steady.  “Steve.  I… right.  I was lying down and I didn’t recognise…”  He frowned as he began to notice his surroundings.  “Wait, this… isn’t that hut we were using as a base…”The walls surrounding him were dark and made of a material that was almost reflective.  Classy-looking ornaments decorated sleek and streamlined furniture that looked like it had been design
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Time Travel
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Avengers Team

