Chapter 1: I Can't Believe You've Done This
    


Summary:

The man only cocked his head to the side, hairless eyebrows quirking. With his face closer to the light, Peter can make out more details, like the scars draping themselves over the man's body. Or were they burns? Maybe both. When Peter inhales, the stench of pain is acrid in his nose. His eyes are hard and angry when they meet Peter's.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 This wasn't the worst situation he's ever found himself in.It was still pretty bad all things considered, but they weren't shooting at him anymore and that felt like a solid step in the right direction.The weight of the dozen or so guys pinning him to the floor was a bit uncomfortable though, he'd admit that. Especially when one of them bent his arms at a particularly painful angle, and after getting socked in the jaw earlier, his mouth was bitter with the tang of copper and bloody saliva had soaked into his mask. So while he's been in tighter pickles, he wasn't exactly having a good time either.Still, all things considered, he was doing a decent job keeping himself calm.A muddied boot stopped inches from his nose, giving off the stench of the bay and Peter wrinkled his nose."How pleasant," he grimaced and then winced as more pressure fell on his back.The boot shifted as the body it belonged to crouched and a hand grabbed Peter's jaw to look him from side to side. Her finger-less gloves dug into the material, pinching it between her fingers, and Peter's head snapped back."Hey, no touchie the mask! I have no idea where those hands have been."She dropped her hands between her crouched legs, "It's about time we got you." There was a bland lilt to her voice the reminded Peter of Harry whenever they studied together in high school. His tone would take on the same bored tenor as Peter tried to teach him the tricks behind chemistry.But where Harry always had that crisp, polished rich look about himself, this woman was the exact opposite. She had a rough, thuggish look composed of a square jaw, a bundle of dark hair tied into a loose bun, and a scowl that would've made Kraven turn-tail and run. Peter squinted up at her as best he could despite his face being smooshed into the concrete."Look, lady, I don't know who you lonely shmucks are, but knabbing people off the streets is very impolite where I'm from.""Another joker," she sighed, standing back up. She brushed off her pants as if cleaning any superhero germs Peter might've left on her. "The boss is gonna love that," and without warning, she kicked him hard in the face.Peter's head snapped to the side and the taste of copper flooded his mouth again. Any harder and she might've broken his jaw - if he wasn't as enhanced as he was, she very well might of. He groaned into the ground, loud and annoyed, before turning his glare up at her."Way to kick a guy while he's down. What happened to after-fight formalities? Didn't even give me the chance too...to uh..." he looked around, the words slowly dying in his throat. The woman had done suspiciously still.So did the guys pinning him.Peter stopped rolling his jaw. Had a struck a nerve? Were after-fight formalities an actual thing?A tense moment passed and the woman crouched next to him again, bunching her fingers into the fabric of his suit and heaving him up to smell along the crook of his neck. Peter made a surprised noise and recoiled."Omega?" she said once she pulled away, sounding surprised, "You're an omega?"The calm Peter had been tightly holding onto slipped between his fingers. He licked the blood from his lip, body coiling as something new manifested in her eyes. The guys holding him felt more like pieces of plywood than people now, their bodies rigid as Peter's scent hit their nose."Yeah. Surprise."He could smell the alpha coming off every single goon in the warehouse, especially from her. She reeked of a superiority complex. It was no surprise she was leading this little rag-tag team.But if they could smell him that meant the scent-blockers in his suit were broken. Damn.Regret for turning down Tony's offer to install them in his suit made his tongue sour. Most superheroes (and even villains) had scent-blockers woven into their costumes. Given that most of the superhero community was enhanced, the smell of their second-gender was normally lot stronger than your average joe, and if your enemy was skilled enough they could pick you out in a crowd if they were what they were looking for. So scent blockers were a precaution they all favored.Tony's scent-blockers were amazing. Like, slap-those-babies-on-and-you-couldn't-get-a-whiff-out-of-them-for-months kind of amazing. But Peter just had to try out his own designs. He just had to perfect his own inventions, rather than taking the easier route and letting a friend give him a hand.Dammit, Tony wasn't going to let him hear the end of this.The woman leaned down again, smelling along his ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
A/B/O
alpha/beta/omega
omega!Peter Parker
Alpha!Wade
asshole!Francis
Weapon X - Freeform
Pete's targeted by Weapon X
and kidnapped
Peter's literally got no chill
the man is a chaotic mess
so is Wade
they're doing their best
Torture
Experimentation
forced heats/ruts
rated mature for future chapters
Explicit Language
Peter doesn't submit for anyone
seriously
society is dumb
Slightly non-con
Heavy topics
Fluff
Getting to Know Each Other
slow-burn
Angst
Peter is awkward
Wades only a little better
Recovery
Wade gets to play doctor
Complete

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

