Work Text:
Tony remembered dying. Pepper’s face was framed by fire and destruction, but his vision was so blurred he could pretend it was only sunlight around the woman who had always been his guardian angel. “You can rest now,” she told him. He knew with a part of his mind what she really meant (that it wasn’t a gentle permission, rather it was something grief-filled and regretful and raging against the world for another way even as she knew there wasn’t), but most of his mind was toasted inside and out and so he was already going without thinking about it.  He saw Peter too— was he before or after Pepper? Time was weird after learning it could be manipulated and especially so when on the cusp of one world and another— and the kid was crying. The kid was  there-  he was alive. It should’ve been a beautiful thing. Instead Peter’s hands were on his chest, like he was pleading for Tony not to leave him the same way he’d begged not to have to go himself, five seconds or five years ago, and his hair was dirty and mussed and his eyes looked the way that shrapnel in Tony’s chest had felt and Tony finally had just got him back.  Tony remembered not wanting to die. He died anyway.  …  “Rest,” she’d said. Was this ‘rest’? It didn’t feel like it. “Peter, I swear to Odin up in Asgard, if you make this leap I will come back to life just to slap you to kingdom come. Better yet, I will possess you and make you slap yourself. I’m pretty sure I can do that.” The kid readying himself on the ledge several hundred feet above the ground did not hear. He didn’t listen well even when a chastising authority figure existed on the physical plane, but he certainly never listened to what Tony told him these days. “Karen, what are the odds of me reaching that building over there…” Peter said pointing, his voice quiet, excited; the voice of a teenager as reckless as ever there was one. Tony couldn’t hear the AI’s response but he could tell by Peter’s eye lenses narrowing and the lift in his cheeks that he was smiling. Tony wondered if it was a real smile or one of the fake ones Peter was giving out like candy recently.  “Slim to none you say? Those are my odds.” And the little twerp leapt.  The thing about being a ghost was this: Tony didn’t have a body.  Okay,  duh, but listen: he didn’t have all the things that came with a body, for good or bad.  Good: He didn’t have bones to ache from one too many superhero injuries. He didn’t have bad brain chemistry to keep him up with nightmares and anxiety. He didn’t have the breathless old-man weezing that used to overtake him when his overworked heart was tested with shenanigans of children left unsupervised except by the dead.  Bad: He didn’t have vocal chords to call a suit to come snatch said unsupervised children out of the air when their recently picked-up habit of daredevil stunts got to be too risky. Spider-Man’s yell of delight doppled as he fell further and further from where Tony sat left behind on the rooftop of the literal freaking Empire State Building. Tony sighed long-sufferingly and hid half his face with a hand, elbows on his knees as he tracked the kid’s descent. Peter was doing this more and more- picking tall buildings, far-between buildings, jumping and falling and not catching himself until the last second or doing ridiculous flips in the air that made Tony’s nonexistent heart somersault. He half expected to be joined by a ghost spider-kid in this limbo any day now. For today at least, Peter caught himself on a building far below (barely) and went swinging in a dizzying arc of momentum up onto a rooftop maybe half a mile from where he started.  Tony squinted and focused on the spot right next to where the kid now stood. He blinked, and then he was there, at Peter’s side again as the kid laughed maniacally to himself and tore his mask off, face flushed and exhilarated.  (Good: Tony didn’t need legs to walk places.) “So it’s settled: I possess you and have you slap yourself,” Tony decided.  Peter did a happy cartwheel that turned into a handstand that turned into a backflip. He exhaled a laugh then checked his phone when it buzzed and sighed. “That’s all for tonight, I guess,” he said, slipping his mask back on. “You bet it is. Now please get home to May; I need to be around someone who has a modicum of common sense.”  “No,” Peter responded petulantly, sounding like he was responding to Tony when it was actually to something his AI had said, as he shot out a web. “No, I just like the feeling of falling, okay? It’s not a big deal, K. Don’t be lame.” Tony pressed his lips together and narrowed his eyes after the kid as he shot off again. Leaving Tony behind but Tony knew he deserved it because he had left Peter behind in the first place. (Bad: He didn’t have arms to wrap around Peter when he was sobbing into his pillow at night.) … When Tony first materialized after, it was at Peter’s side.  Specifically, it was at the funeral. At that time, it wasn’t clear that he was at Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark-centric
Ghost Tony Stark
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
covers events of FFH but from Tony's POV as a ghost following Peter
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
Mostly Canon Compliant
Post-Canon Fix-It
involves made up crap about the soul stone
Tony and Peter reunited bc sad endings are overrated
iron dad and spider-son
accidental possessions and other ghostly activities
Grief/Mourning
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Morgan but she’s not a bio!kid
Endgame Fix-It

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

