Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
ARC 1: CHAPTER 1 
 Prologue-0-For as long as Harry Potter could remember, he had only ever really needed—and wanted and  longed for —one thing.
 Family. 
Being that beaten down child living in a cupboard under the stairs, witnessing what he could have had in the doting glances and indulgent smiles Petunia and Vernon Dursley gave to their son, he was helpless to that glow of  hope  that he could also have a family—people who would love him despite all his faults because no one could ever say that Dudley was  perfect .Even with every hurt, every bruise, every cut, every  burn his relatives left him with; that hope did not diminish. Because in a way, he understood. Family cared for one another, even at the expense of others that was not part of that family. In that, Harry could say that family is selfish and he was okay with it. Aunt Petunia had always called him selfish too.He wanted his mum and dad, but they are dead and death is permanent. So Harry resigned himself to that aching  hope  for a family.And then came  Magic . Magic, which gave him Hedwig and Hogwarts; Hogwarts, which gave him Hagrid and Ron and Hermione and Gryffindor and his-  their  Army. It wasn’t all endless joy and merriment either, but suffering is what makes someone realize how  important  this one thing is.In Hogwarts, Harry learned what it is to  have  a family. And that little kid with wide green eyes, broken beyond everything but for that  hope …Harry Potter would give  anything  to keep that family alive, because that’s what you  do  when given something beyond what you deserve.If that meant sacrificing himself to his enemy, willingly walking down the path towards death that he’d always been standing on?Harry would do it all with a smile. ( Even if it hurt and burned with the sting of the betrayal of someone he considered his own family, too. )Because family was worth  everything  and Harry Potter had always belonged to death since the moment he was born.  Raised like a pig for slaughter , Severus Snape had said. But that’s okay, dying has always been a choice for him.So when Voldemort raised his wand and uttered the Curse that marked their beginning and end, Harry Potter stands with confidence and acceptance. Standing for the first time without the weight of the world on his shoulders.It doesn’t quite work, though, because Harry Potter still wakes up in that forest minus a dark and foul soul fragment that used to live in his scar. Suddenly, the weight is there again.Then he fights because that’s all he can do now.He fights against the exhaustion, fights against the fear and uncertainty until he is facing Voldemort once again.“Come on Tom, let’s finish this how we started,” Harry spoke with an almost-smile, mind replaying parts of the prophecy ( either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives  ),“  together .”And then they were falling and Harry held on his enemy as they  flew  across the ruined,  beautiful  castle until they are on the ground, wands clattering away. Both of them reached for their weapons, one side mirroring the other in a morbid kind of symmetry.Their fight, their  duel  was in no way fair nor graceful. Harry never really had the chance to grow into the power and might his magic may possess, and Voldemort was a deranged and broken husk of a man that held too much knowledge and power.“ Avada Kedavra! ”“ Expelliarmus! ”Two spells, the same ones they always used against each other, but now with wands that are not theirs. There’s no  Priori Incantatem  to interrupt them now, no spectres that the monster before him had killed, nothing but their will and magic to hold against the other. Voldemort may be more powerful, but Harry had  something  to fight for.So when the air rippled with the destruction of the last horcrux, Harry wastes no time to recast his spell.Voldemort  crumbles  and Harry catches the Elder Wand (feels his entire being  sing  as his hand wraps around it).That was when everything went  wrong .Because the moment Voldemort died, the Death Eaters—all those who have sworn their loyalty to the Dark Lord— collectively froze and  shrieked  . It was terrible and alarming and everyone just  stops , frightened of what was occurring.Then—Then everything went to  hell .-0-For as long as he can remember, Harry Potter had only lived for one thing. Family .He’d died for it, too. But that didn’t mean they had to die for him as well .Harry was supposed to be the hero, the savior. He had defeated Voldemort, had cast the Dark Lord into  ashes  .  He should have known that that victory was too easy. It took one fail-safe, one backup plan made by a madman. One circumstance to reach.One spell by an ignorant, foolish boy empowered by  courage  and certainty of victory.( And didn’t that sound so bloody familiar —)It didn’t even take an entire day for him to lose  everything . For every single person he cared for be taken away from him. This was no 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Death & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Thanos (Marvel)
Harry Potter & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Master of Death Harry Potter
Not Epilogue Compliant
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Canon-Typical Violence
Dark Harry Potter
well kind of
Rebirth
hand wavy everything
First Time Writing in Marvel
Gamora is a child okay guys
Thanos the Daddy
Manipulation
A little bit of gaslighting
Temporary Character Death
Champion of Death
Merchant of Death
Iron Man 3 Compliant
Harley Keener Needs a Hug
Character Death
it happens okay
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fix-It of Sorts
Harley is an Enabler of Bad Habits
because he doesn't know what he's doing
is this whump???
Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Don't copy to another site
Say no to senseless character bashing
Angst is not a drug
And denial is just a river

fandom: 
Death & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Thanos (Marvel)
Harry Potter & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark

