Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I am not grumpy, Natasha!” He wasn’t. He just wasn’t in the mood for company, Natasha’s attempted matchmaking, Clint rummaging through the fridge in his fur, or the discussion he knew she wanted to have about said attempted matchmaking.
“You always get grumpy before the full moon. And you get extra grumpy when it’s close to your-”
A rumbling growl cut her off and she reached over and pinched the pointed tip of his ear between her thumb and forefinger. A yelp followed and she gave him a small smile when he glared at her while rubbing his ear. 
“Rude.” At least she hadn’t scruffed him. That would’ve been embarrassing. He knew from past experience. Mostly it was from their childhood when she hadn’t yet been in complete control of her Alpha instincts. He couldn’t count the times she’d scruffed him when he’d been off trying to do things little Omegas weren’t supposed to have done. She had gotten ahold of herself eventually though and especially now since she had her own Omega to dote on she didn’t dote on him or try to protect him nearly as much as she used to. It was still annoying though. Before she’d been bonded to Clint she had satisfied her Alpha instincts by doting on him whether he needed it or not. She had always shown up randomly with food or nesting materials, sometimes both, and bundled him up on the couch to snuggle while watching Netflix. She never went in his bedroom though. She knew it wasn’t proper for an Alpha to be in an unbonded Omega’s den. Not that she would have done anything but snuggle him to death anyway, but still.
He heard something fall and shatter and whipped toward the kitchen to see Clint looking pitifully at a broken jar of boysenberry jam that he had knocked out of the fridge. Bucky only rolled his eyes at the wolf with the still healing scratch on its nose and knew its fur covered up a multitude of other injuries. Like a black eye and bruised ribs. Natasha had always wanted someone to baby and take care of, even while pretending not to, and she’d found them in Clint. He was accident prone, always hungry, and could usually be found getting beaten up by members of the Russian mafia. He could even sometimes be found in dumpsters with another wolf named Matt. Bucky didn’t know what the hell was up with that, but Matt was blind so maybe that had something to do with it. Either way Foggy needed to keep a better eye on him, especially if he was going to be running around with a disaster like Clint.
Clint nosed around the jam and Natasha stomped a foot on the floor to get his attention since he couldn’t wear his hearing aids while shifted. “No, you can’t still eat it. I refuse to take you to the emergency room for having swallowed glass.” Bucky thought he heard her mumble  again  under her breath but wasn’t sure. He knew Clint was a mess and a half on a good day, but hopefully he hadn’t ever actually swallowed glass. It honestly wouldn’t surprise Bucky if he had though.
Bucky watched Natasha go into the kitchen, reach into the fridge for a package of raw chicken, and then tear it open and sit it on the floor for her Omega. Clint pounced on it like he was starving and Bucky watched with a frown as Clint scooted the tray across the floor in his vigor while Natasha cleaned up the mess from the broken jar of jam while he pretended not to be jealous.
He wasn’t jealous of them exactly. He was jealous because he wanted what they had. He wanted an Alpha. Wanted someone to love him and protect him even though he was perfectly capable of protecting himself. He just wanted it from an Alpha that didn’t try to do it just because he was an Omega. Biological imperatives only went so far as an excuse. He didn’t mind Natasha doing it as much because he’d known her since they were pups. It still aggravated him though. It never seemed to bother Clint but that was probably because Clint needed protecting more than even he realized. Seriously, without Natasha Clint would probably be dead in a dumpster somewhere. Most likely Matt would be in that same dumpster with him, too. Still, Bucky wanted what they both had. 
Natasha returned after cleaning up Clint’s mess and sat next to Bucky again, eyeing him warily. He knew she was expecting him to argue more, but he wasn’t going to. He didn’t need to. He wasn’t grumpy no matter how close it was to the full moon or to his heat. He still had a couple weeks to go to the herbalist to get the tea that would turn his heat from a nightmare into little more than a few cramps and a headache. He’d rather have minor cramps than want for an Alpha that wasn’t there. Even as advanced as their toys were getting now they were still next to useless during a heat. Vibrators could only do so much at that point.
“Would you at least consider talking to me about it?”
“No.”
“James.”
“I refuse.”
“Please.”
“Absolutely not.”
“Okay. Grumpy pants.” He growled at her again, swatting at her hand
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Werewolves
Alternate Universe - Magical Realism
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Identity Porn
(a smidge)
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Knotting
Self-Lubrication
Grumpy Bucky Barnes
Mpreg
Background Relationships
background clint/natasha - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Shrunkyclunks Big Bang 2019
Fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

