Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Bucky, can I talk to you for a moment?” You asked, walking into the common room where he was watching a movie on the couch. As soon as he heard your voice, he paused it and looked up with a smile. “Sure, thing doll”After taking a seat next to him he asked, “So, what’s up?”“I need your help with something” You say while looking down at your hands, unable to meet his eyes. He turned his body to face you, giving you his full attention.“Anything you need, Y/n/n”“Can you help me lose my virginity” Bucky freezes as soon as the words fell from your lips. Were you asking him to take your virginity? Wait, you were a virgin? How was that even possible. Some part of him was glad that it was though, and he couldn’t help but cheer a little at the thought of there being no one before. Even though he had no right to feel jealous as you weren’t together.“Wha…What do you mean, doll?” Bucky struggled to get the words out, his heart was beating a bit too quickly and he was filled with a sense of hope.“I was hoping you could be my wingman tonight, help me find someone to go home with?” You asked looking at your nails still not able to face him and missing how his face dropped and his eyes filled with pain for a moment before he let his face turn neutral.“Do you really want to do it this way doll? You deserve something special, not some jerk who only cares about himself and won’t treat you right.”“Bucky, please!” You beg. Bucky knew by your tone he wasn’t going to be able to convince you, once you made up your mind there was nothing anyone could do. But fuck if he wasn’t going to try everything anyway to stop you from doing this.“Doll, why are you so insistent on this? Don’t you want your first time to be special? With someone you love and who loves you?” He asked, he didn’t want you to do this, you deserved the world not a one-time thing.“I just don’t want to be one anymore. No one my age is supposed to still be a virgin and I’m sick of being the only one out of my friends who hasn’t done it. Even Steve has, and he was frozen for a billion years!”“Y/n, there’s nothing wrong with being a virgin. You have to do what you’re comfortable with and go at your own pace, don’t push yourself to fit in. Plus, you think those guys are going to take good care of you and make you feel comfortable, they could seriously hurt you.”“Buck, I have already decided this is what I want. Thanks for worrying about me but I’ll be fine. Plus, just because I’m a virgin doesn’t mean I haven’t fucked myself. Toys exist for a reason.” You tell him with a sense of finality. He blushes and discreetly adjusts his jeans that were getting a little too tight for comfort at the thought of you fucking yourself with a toy. He knew you touched yourself, but to have it confirmed was causing his dick to get hard fast.“Ok, a discussion for a different day but I still don’t think I’m a good choice as a wingman, I haven’t taken anyone home in a long time. Wouldn’t Tony or Natasha be better?”“I don’t want them to know I’m a virgin”“What about Steve or Wanda then?”“Noo, I want it to be you” You whine, sounding like a child. “Come on, Steve told me how good you were with the ladies back in the day.”“Y/n, that was a long time ago”“Please, you’re my best friend, I don’t think I could trust anyone else but you with this.” You beg, looking him in the eyes with a small pout. God, he hated that look, it always managed to get him into all sorts of trouble.“Okay doll, if this is what you want.” Bucky said with a fake smile, hoping you didn’t notice how he felt like his heart was getting ripped apart. How was he supposed to not only watch the girl he’s in love with go home with another but also help her do so.“Really Bucky! Thank you, you’re the best! I’m going to go change so we can get going!” You say beyond excited, giving Bucky a kiss on the cheek and walking off to your bedroom.***“What about him?” You ask Bucky pointing to a cute guy with glasses at the bar. He seemed like he would be sweet and gentle enough for your first time.“No” Bucky said barely even giving the guy a glance.“What are you talking about Bucky, look at that guy he’s exactly my type. He looks so cute with his glasses.” You tell him, slightly annoyed. You’d been here for an hour and Bucky had scared away any guy who came up to you and had been shooting down the ones you thought were good choices.“Not good enough”“Are you kidding me Bucky! What is wrong with you today?”“Nothing”“Seriously, you’ve been moody all night”“I’m fine. I’m gonna go get some air.” Bucky told you, not even giving you a chance to reply before he was off toward the back door and out of the bar. You followed right after him, you weren’t about to let him get away with being an asshole all night and shutting you out.“Bucky, what the hell is going on with you?”“I already told you I’m fine, doll.” Bucky repeated through clenched teeth.“No, you are
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes and Y/n

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Sex
Oral Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Multiple Orgasms
Loss of Virginity
Virginity
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Love Confessions
Idiots in Love
Friends to Lovers
Wingman Bucky Barnes
Slow Sex
Passionate Sex
First Time
Jealousy
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Cute Bucky Barnes
gentle bucky
caring bucky
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Reader-Insert
Erotic gifs
Animated GIFs
gifs
Marvel Universe
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
chapter 2 has no sex gifs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes and Y/n

