Work Text:
Steve showed up on Becca’s doorstep a month after the invasion in New York, larger than life and trying to hide it. He rolled his shoulders inward and blinked all tragic and doe-eyed through thick lashes as if sheer force of denial could render him a foot shorter and a hundred fifty pounds worth of muscle lighter. Becca just clicked her tongue and stepped to the side.“Took you long enough, you lunkhead,” she said. “Now quit letting the flies in, I got chores for you.”Steve slunk in like a teenaged boy after curfew and Becca bustled her creaky old bones into the kitchen, where she began taking out ingredients and parchment paper and her Kitchen Aid. Steve wandered in after her, and in her peripheral vision she saw him take an unnatural interest in her wallpaper.“How long you lived here?” he asked, stuck on a 1977 baby picture of her first grandson. “What year is it?” Becca said. She was treated to Steve’s wide-eyed astonishment, which lasted as long as it took for Becca to break and snicker. Steve’s eyelids drooped and his mouth thinned out — his long-suffering disappointment, trademark Steve Rogers. And easy as that, there he was: the boy she remembered.“You think you’re funny, Beck, but you know it ain’t right, teasin’ your elders.”She flicked him with a dishrag and turned back to measuring out her dry ingredients and dumping them in her mixing bowl. “Forty-eight years,” she said. “Moved here in ’64 for Ellery’s job. What brings you to the boonies, Steve?” “Hardly the boonies, I think,” Steve said. He did a stretch beside her that damn near threatened to put her eye out with the bulging muscles, and if it were anyone else, she’d roll her eyes at the posturing. But it was Steve, and he probably had no idea he was doing it at all. “Ithaca’s the boonies when you’re a Brooklyn girl,” Becca said. “Especially back then.”“Don’t knock it,” Steve said. “Nabokov wrote Lolita here.”“Because there was damn well nothing else to do, I’m telling you.”Becca shoved herself between Steve and the refrigerator to get at the eggs and buttermilk. She handed him a tangerine.“Zest that,” she said, “and then mix it with the egg and buttermilk.”“What are we making?”“You’re no kinda Irishman if you don’t already know, Steve.”“That’s why they call me Captain America.”Becca snorted and worked around his bulk.“We mighta had some substitutions back then,” she conceded. “Maybe there wasn’t much orange zest and raisins to go around, but you get the gist.” Becca turned her mixer on its lowest setting and began to add the butter slowly, one chunk at a time. Steve was crowding her, even from a foot away. That was the result of getting jacked full of mystery sauce and shipped off to the army to be cannon fodder along with her fool brother, she guessed. She shrank away from him and tucked her chin into her chest.“Becca.”“You know you’re in the way all the time now? Shift your buns, Frankenstein.”“Becca, look at me.”“I’m busy, Steve.”“Becca.”“Don’t.”Steve fell silent. Becca added more butter to the mixer. The dough wasn’t dough yet, but the butter was combining nicely, and soon it would be the proper sandy mixture. “There’s some stuff I want you to take up to the attic,” she said when the drone of the mixer got too heavy in her ears. “And then I want you to move the fridge and the sofas so I can clean behind them, and then you can do some weeding for me. But we can’t do none of it till you mix the damn buttermilk up.”“Yes, ma’am,” Steve said. “You, uh. You don’t have any help? Day to day?”“Subtle, Steve.”“Subtle’s not really my strong point.”“You don’t gotta tell me,” Becca said. “Don’t forget I knew you, five foot nothin’ with your lip split. You can’t fool me, even lookin’ like—” She waved a gnarled hand vaguely between them. “—whatever that is.”“I know it,” Steve said softly. He set his little bowl on the counter beside her and poked halfheartedly at the mixture inside with a fork. Becca berated herself for imagining he would be better at this than he ever was a lifetime ago, for imagining, even for a moment, that he was like her grandsons, these twenty-first century boys unafraid of putting on aprons. She sighed and snatched the bowl away to whip the buttermilk good.“Ellery died ten years back,” she said. “In his sleep’n all. My kids don’t live around here anymore but they call me every day like big damn nuisances, and I got a neighbor to come in and have tea with me every afternoon. I ain’t helpless.”“You could come live with me,” Steve blurted. Becca felt herself smile, because duty and honor and misplaced guilt? That was Steve Rogers all over. “Back in Brooklyn. It would be what he— I got the money, and the space. I can take care of you, Beck. I want to.”“I’m fine here, boyo. Lived here damn near fifty years.”“But you just said—”“You don’t owe me nothin’, Steve.”“Yes I—”“No. You got it in your head that you owe Bucky, and I can be his stand-in now that you gotta find a way to be in a place he ain’t. I’m ninety-two years old and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

