Work Text:
 
---+---+---+---
It starts out simple enough. The Avengers are brought in for their next assignment, one of the few since the alien attack on New York, and when they notice the Captain is missing Fury dismisses it with an unyielding “He’s chosen to sit this one out.” And none of them question it. Because it makes sense. Steve did, after all, just get his best friend back. And not just Hydra’s shell, but a working and nearly completely refurbished Bucky Barnes (thanks to the same magical cube that had nearly killed them all, go figure), so of course Steve would want to stay back and spend some time catching up. Besides, it wasn’t like they all hadn’t taken time off themselves for various reasons, with Thor living galaxies away, Tony running a business empire, Bruce going halfway across the globe for some humanitarian cause…
But that one mission turned into another, and then another, spaced out over time but conspicuous in the well known fact that Steve hadn’t taken a day off since he first beefed up back in WWII. And now he had taken three.
But he’d had excuses for all of them.
Bucky was having a rough day and Steve needed to stay. Bucky’s arm was due for a tune up and Steve needed to stay. Bucky had a particularly bad nightmare and Steve needed to stay.
None of them were lies, not really. Because Steve knew better than to try to lie in any situation he didn’t want Fury or Natasha to find out. Especially Natasha.
So it was half-truths. Yeah, Bucky had had a bad day or night or needed his arm looked at, and yeah he’d told Steve to stay behind, but the two didn’t actually have anything to do with one another. Bucky had bad days all the time and didn’t need Steve to hold his hand, maybe a comforting shoulder at night but not a babysitter. Never a babysitter. Bucky’d had enough of not being trusted on his own.
But not everyone knew that. And Bucky had no qualms about letting the other Avengers think what they wanted about him so long as he could keep Steve safe. And that meant making sure Steve didn’t go on any missions involving water. No diving, no swimming, no jumping out of planes into the icy depths.
It meant stroking Steve’s soft blond hair after the other people chosen for the mission had left, reassuring him that he wasn’t weak, that he wasn’t running away.
It meant accepting the loaded glances of Steve’s friends the morning after a sleepless night, pretending he was the only one with nightmares and panic attacks so intense they’d broken the bed nearly ten times before Tony’d finally built one out of some kind of reinforced steel.
(The most terrifying part of Steve’s nightmares was always how quietly he endured them. While Bucky would lash out and scream in his sleep, an outward explosion of energy as his past and present minds battled memory and reality, Steve collapsed in on himself, trying desperately to keep control and not let any of the terror show.)
Bucky had tuned himself to the small tells Steve did let show, the tiniest hitches of breath, the tenseness of muscle against him as Steve locked up.
He’d also convinced Steve to talk about it, the product of weeks of patience and hours of pleading finally culminating into Steve burying his head in his hands and whispering with so much shame in his voice, it's the water, Buck. I can’t stand the water, that Bucky had immediately pulled him into his chest and kissed every inch of his face he could reach.
But he understood. He did. Steve had crashed a plane into icy water and woken up seventy years later, he had fallen into the Potomac and nearly died. If Steve hadn’t developed a bit of trepidation towards large bodies of water Bucky truly would’ve been worried about Steve’s natural sense of self-perseveration. As it was, he still had to put a strong hand on Steve’s shoulder whenever a mission cropped up that he had to deny. Because Steve had never been able to run away from a fight, and it was still Bucky’s job to keep that instinct in check.
It would’ve been nice, to have that consistency, if the reasoning behind it didn’t hurt so goddamn much.
But at least he was helping. Steve hadn’t had to go near any large bodies of water since he’d told Bucky the truth, and so far it seemed as if the rest of the Avengers hadn’t caught on either. A fact that was reassuring to Steve, but put Bucky on edge.
He just hoped it wouldn’t come back to bite them.
--+--+--+--
“Oh captain, my captain!” Tony yelled from his spot stretched out on a pool raft, holding up a glass of liquor that was sloshing dangerously close to the edge, much like Tony himself as his shifting body weight threatened to dump him into the pool.
Steve lifted his head and glanced at Tony from over the top of the book he was reading. (They’d been trying to get him in the water all day and every time Steve had brushed them off with a simple ‘no thanks’. It hadn’t done anything to stop their attempts though.)
“Water’s fine, Cap. Why don’t you and your fellow relic come wash some of the dust off
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

