Work Text:
“Pete?” Tony said after two hours of work in the lab. Concentrated on his new web shooters, the teenager only hummed in response. “Are you okay to skip school this Friday? There's a thing at SI I wanted to bring you to. I already asked May, and she's ok with it.”“I would love to, Tony!” Peter grinned, and then his face fell. “Oh shit, I just remember! I can’t! We have a field trip this Friday! M. Harrington just told us about it today and I can’t miss it! The last one was at MoMA, and well – you know how that turned out.”His last field trip happened technically almost six years ago – before the flying doughnut, Titan, the Snap and the Blip. He had to take his Junior year a second time after coming back, and it was almost over.Coming back after five years – and coming back to fight Thanos again – had been a little weird, but these last few months did help him to cop. The fact that his mentor survived his use of the Infinity Stones also helped, if he was honest with himself.Tony had lost an arm when he decimated Thanos' army, but not his life, and that was the most important.The smiled slipped from his Dad – from Tony's face, but he shrugged after a few seconds.“Well, I hope you enjoy your trip then. Where are you going?”“No idea – M. Harrington says it's a surprise, I don’t know if I should be worried or not.”“Don’t fret it, Peter, I'm sure it'll be fine.”oOoOo“You have a field trip?” May said when he gave her his permission slip. “I thought Tony wanted you to be there for the –““He told me, yeah.” her nephew interrupted her. “But I really can’t miss it.”“If you're sure.”She sounded skeptical, but Peter let it go. He still had a few things to do before going on patrol, and he was already running late.oOoOo“Welcome to Stark Tower, everybody!” M. Harrington almost yelled when the bus stopped.And Peter should have recognize the road – he took it practically every day with Happy – but he was talking with Ned and… he didn’t notice.His classmates cheered, and he groaned. After his fight with Toomes at Homecoming, he'd become a real intern at SI, and he didn’t want his work-life presented before his classmates and his teacher.He was not ashamed of working here, nor embarrassed – he was mostly proud, to be honest – but he didn’t want them to know, didn’t want them to tease him about it – didn’t want Flash to tease him about it or to mock him even more than he already did.“Let's go, class, we need to get our security badges and meet our tour guide!”They walked in the lobby, and Anna – an intern in one of the R&D lab and a friend of his – was already waiting for them. She smiled at him when she saw him before explaining them the rules and giving them their passes. Peter didn’t get one – he already had one, and Friday knew him enough that he didn’t really need it – causing a remark from Flash.“Why Parker didn’t get a badge?” he asked loudly, a smirk on his face. “Does he have the right to be here at all?”But before Anna could say anything, Morgan Stark appeared out of nowhere and almost jumped on him.“Peter!” she yelled. “Hi! Where were you? I haven’t seen you in ages! Don’t you like me anymore, Petey?”And before Peter could answer, Pepper also appeared in the lobby, looking for her daughter.“Morgan H. Stark, I told you to stay with me!”“But Mom! Your meetings are boring! And Peter’s here! Can I stay with him? Please, Mom, pretty please!”“Peter!” said the CEO when she saw him. “What are you doing here? I thought you had a field trip!”“Well, I do.” Peter nodded with a gesture towards his classmates, who were looking at them with wide eyes. “It’s here. But I know Tony – I mean M. Stark wanted to show me something? Maybe I'll see him after?”“Tony didn’t want to show you something; he wanted to show you off.” Pepper said with a smile. “It’s 'Bring your kid at work' Day and he wanted you to stay with him.” Peter opened his mouth, shocked, but Pepper continued before he could say anything. “Morgan was supposed to stay with me, but as you can see, she doesn’t like the meetings.”“She's her father’s daughter alright.” Peter snorted, making both Stark laugh.“Can I stay with Peter, Mom?” Morgan asked again.“Peter is here with his class, sweetheart, you can’t just jump in during a field trip.”“I’m okay with it, if you are.” the teen said quickly. “I mean, I'd understand if you're not – she's much safer with you than with me –““I’m not worried about her safety, Peter, not with you.” Pepper cut him off, rolling her eyes before turning to her daughter. “If you promise me to be good to Peter and to listen to him, you can stay.”“I promise!” Morgan said with a big smile, before hugging her mother. “Thank you than you thank you!”“You’re welcome.” the CEO said, bending a little to press a kiss to her daughter’s head. “I still have meetings to attend, so I'll go. Sorry for the delay, Miss Graham.”“It’s alright, Mrs. Stark.” Anna said with a smile, clapping her hands when Pepper disappeared. “We still need to get past the security
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Field Trip at SI
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
#TonyStarkLives
#Irondad
#SpiderSon
Big Brother Peter Parker
little sister Morgan Stark
Identity Reveal
Accidental Identity Reveal
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
(If you live under a rock)
#IronFamily
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

