Work Text:
Before the Burning M incident, Tony Stark had no idea what sort of value Loki Lie-smith might consider his existence to be worth. He thought he understood himself as lumped in with the other Avengers and probably considered the most valuable of them to Loki (aside from Thor, who was sorted closer in the Family range of approximate worth) because of Tony’s resources and intellect, as well as the way they tended to get on like a house on fire intellectually.Apparently, the inventor had been very wrong, somehow.He was still trying to figure out how it had even happened.Of course, they hadn’t exactly been “real enemies” for a long while, by now. They hadn’t gone to all-out war on completely opposite sides ever since Odin’s madness in the wake of Frigga’s death (which came out in full not long after Loki had been revealed as an impostor on the throne and the real Odin awoken again) led the All-Father to attempt to bring about an early and potentially fiery and all-consuming Ragnarök capable of destroying all of the nine realms. Loki had been the first to warn the Avengers of the All-Father’s madness, and they had doubted him right up until the first assassination attempt against Jane Foster and Thor, conducted while Loki had been arguing at length with Nick Fury and Tony Stark both.At the same time, post-Ragnarök, and post-Thanos, they hadn’t ever actually been “real allies” again either. Well, not as far as the others aside from Natasha knew, anyway. Loki still hadn’t actually done much (beyond those always brief and blatantly self-serving stints) to redeem himself in that time, but he hadn’t exactly attempted hostile takeover of the earth or mass genocide again, either. Also he had perhaps gotten in the habit of dropping off Kree tech in Tony's lab and mocking the human inventor's attempts to make sense of the pieces of ship he plucked selectively from their wreckage; although why exactly he had been in the habit of ruthlessly cutting down whole fleets of Kree on a bi-monthly basis for nearly half a year now, no one knew exactly, so the relative "goodness" of that whole activity was up for debate with Barton and Steve a bit too often lately.Aside from those scant shady pseudo-honorable gestures on the universe's behalf, Loki had otherwise conducted mischief which included general law-breaking, but those he killed on earth in the ensuing two years became a much more select group, with a smaller head-count, and all of the ones anyone could prove seemed to be either cases of self-defense, or of vengeance, from Loki against other villains, and occasionally criminals of a more human (usually in the form of mercenaries hired to menace him by foolhardy organize crime syndicates) nature. There had even been less than a hundred of them, if only barely.Though again, Tony reminded himself: those are just the ones with witnesses or other evidence he left behind; there’s probably other bodies out there we might never find. The thought was a sobering one, but his pulse was still a bit elevated, and his skin still felt a bit flush and tingly across the back of his neck. Apparently, reminding himself of how much of a pain-in-the-ass evil bastard the trickster was, wasn't dissuading his infatuation, now that hope had caused it to bloom in full with so much enthusiasm that had the phenomenon been botanical, Tony would have suffocated from an excess of flower petals in his lungs hours ago.Or it might have, right up until it was obliterated yet again by a different reminder. One of what the god of lies was apparently willing to claim with words, with no intention to ever follow through on. Somehow.
Okay. Let’s review again.
~~The ‘Burning M’ IncidentNo one, least of all a certain mad inventor himself, would have expected Loki to rampage against another villain with the sort of vicious ferocity he had once levelled against both of his own fathers, in times past, just because the villain in question had attempted (and very nearly succeeded in) killing one measly little mortal... Not even if the mortal in question just happened to be Tony Stark.To be fair, the battle had been hard-won, and over for three days when it happened. Tony had spent those three days getting chewed out by Pepper, Rhodey, and Bruce by turns (no really; they took on the task in alternating hourly shifts) until he finally gave in and extracted Extremis back out of his system despite the screaming agony that entailed.Applying it in the first place had been a failsafe, a last-chance back-up measure in case things went shit, and it had. Oh, it had. Tony could still remember what his own intestines had looked like spread out a bit unnaturally, and really, really wished he couldn’t. Alas, neither application nor removal of Extremis actually allowed for healing of traumatic memories of his own partial disembowelment.As such, he was really eager to find the bastard who had done it to him, and nearly vaporized half of the other remaining Avengers on the field
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
suggestions of Hel/Natasha

freeform: 
First Time
Trust Issues
Loki is a BAMF
Tony Stark is a BAMF
Frostiron Month
prompt: firsts
helpful Avengers
Morally Ambiguous Tony
minor size kink

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
suggestions of Hel/Natasha

