Chapter 1: Along came Mr. Beck
    




Chapter Text
Peter never really gave sex much thought.He didn’t necessarily think he was abnormal, it was just - he wasn’t like some of the other boys in his class, who started talking about girls and boobs and blowjobs by grade six. He didn’t really see the appeal, but didn’t know what that said about him, if it said anything at all.He wasn’t desperate for a label to stick to his fragilely-formed identity. He was just a regular kid, who liked video games and pizza and the new tech his dad designed, who wanted to grow up to work in biochemical engineering. Or maybe to be a ballet dancer. He hadn’t decided yet.But something changed when he turned fifteen.Peter never really gave sex much thought - any kind of sex. While other boys bragged, his thoughts were always somewhere else, no interest in taking part in any side of the discussion. And then the thing in the locker room happened.It was a random fall day in third-period gym class. Nothing unusual about it at all. Everyone was showering and getting dressed for their next class, and then Brad Davis accidentally tripped into him, wearing nothing but a loose towel around his waist, still wet from his shower. His chest was smooth and toned, so much larger and more muscular than Peter’s own, and he bracketed Peter against the lockers to brace himself from his fall, trapping him with his almost-entirely-naked body.Peter didn’t really... get  what he felt in that moment, because he never really gave sex much thought. But then Brad smiled at him and apologized and pulled away, and Peter realized, startled and humiliated, that he was mind-numbingly hard in his pants.Everything was different, after that. Sex went from being a thing of little interest that everyone  else  talked about to being the only thing on Peter’s mind. And it wasn’t even really...  sex,  at first. It was just bodies. And sometimes the smiles of his classmates, or the sounds of their voices on the rare occasions when they would speak to him directly. Peter knew about puberty and late-bloomers. He didn’t think he was abnormal.Except that he was only thinking about his male classmates.And that was...look, it was  fine,  he wasn’t ashamed or embarrassed or anything, it was just - he knew there was a word for it, and suddenly, out of nowhere, that word applied to him. It was jarring, because Peter had gone his entire life without labels, and that had been working just fine. And now one was going to be applied to him whether he liked it or not.And there was nothing wrong with that, he  knew  that, it was just - how much time did he have before people had to know? Was he supposed to announce it? Was he supposed to...develop a crush on one of his classmates, pray they felt the same way, and then let everybody figure it out when they started dating?How was he supposed to tell his dad?He knew his dad wouldn’t, like,  care,  or anything, it was just - it was awkward, was all. He didn’t really want to be like, “Hey, Dad, a while back one of my classmates accidentally-sorta pinned me to a wall in the locker room while he was naked, and now I can’t stop thinking about dicks and I’m hard, like, seventy-percent of the time.”Maybe he didn’t need to say any of that, but...it was such a private thing. And he trusted his dad, more than anyone - he loved him with all his heart, he could tell him anything, he was Peter’s favorite person in the whole wide world,  but  - he was Tony Stark. Tony, multibillionaire, head-of-the-largest-tech-company-in-the-world, genius, philanthropist, richest-man-in-new-york Stark. He knew his dad wasn’t homophobic, but...what if it embarrassed him? Or worse,  disappointed him?So he didn’t know how to tell anyone, least of all his dad. He didn’t even know if he  should  tell anyone, let alone how. So he didn’t. He just kept it to himself and tried to be discreet about what he was feeling, and nobody figured out his shameless little secret.And then along came Mr. Beck.Mr. Hapgood had retired last year, and for the first half of Peter’s sophomore year, their Robotics Lab teacher had been replaced by a series of substitutes. But one fateful Monday morning in March, Peter walked into his final-period Robotics Lab class and saw the classroom had...changed.It was suddenly  organized,  and better lit, and the motivational posters on the walls had all been replaced with helpful graphs and programming cheat-sheets. The teacher’s desk at the front was clean and neat, practically bare with only a few essentials, and a name plate resting in the corner that read,  Mr. Beck.  There was a stack of white documents sitting beside it, in front of an empty chair, where a bright red jacket was draped over the back of it, no teacher to be seen.His classmates started speculating about what was happening immediately, but Peter put two and two together and realized, with some detachment, that their new teacher must have finally been hired.He made his way to his seat in the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Unreliable Narrator
Pining
Age Difference
Statutory Rape
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - High School
Road Trips
Bullying
Protective Tony Stark
Innocent Peter Parker
Manipulation
Kidnapping
Confinement
Dubious Consent
Forced Daddy Kink
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

