Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You want a drink?” Tony poured out two glasses of whiskey, moving towards Loki and trying to ignore the quickening pounding in his chest. He was no stranger to gambling, but Tony didn’t usually stake his life and the fate of his entire planet on one ballsy move.
 
Loki raised an eyebrow, amused, and seemingly willing to entertain the eccentricities of the puny mortal. That’s what Tony was hoping anyway.
 
“It would not serve you well to become inebriated before our battle.” Loki said with a playful tone to his voice, and took the second glass from him.
 
“Might as well pregame before my inevitable death. Isn’t that right, Reindeer Games? Go out like a man?” Tony stepped closer to Loki, slowly enough as to not be perceived as a threat.
 
“You Midgardians have odd gender conventions,” said Loki, with a wicked grin on his face. Tony looked down to see his tumbler having been replaced with the kind of cocktail even the flooziest of Tony’s lovers would have been embarrassed to be seen drinking. He stifled a smirk. Loki wanted to play tricks? He could work with that.
 
“Oh, I could show you much more proof of my being a man,” Tony purred, moving half an inch closer. He must be going mad, he decided, being this close to a homicidal maniac and flirting with the fucker while he was still wielding his magic wand.
 
Loki seemed unfazed, and if he sensed Tony’s fear, he didn’t use it to his advantage. Tony did notice his eyes flicker up and down Tony’s body. His eyes. They were interesting. A very familiar shade of piercing blue.
 
Tony stepped closer, so their chests were almost touching. He rose up on his tiptoes (now that was embarrassing, really, Loki had no business being that tall) and whispered seductively in Loki’s ear.
 
“What about you? Want to show me how they make big strong warriors in Asgard?” Tony was playing up to Loki’s ego shamelessly, and it was working. Loki stared at him with large pupils, either confused or aroused, or a healthy mix of both.
 
Tony trailed his hands over Loki’s chest and over his arms. Loki blinked quickly as Tony’s fingers danced downwards- -and yanked the sceptre out of his hands. Before Loki could react, Tony slammed his body into Loki’s-fuck he was ridiculously heavy-and tapped the point into the centre of Loki’s chest.
 
But instead of Loki becoming subservient, Tony found himself within a vision.
 
 

Loki was there, a lot younger and healthier looking. An old man with an eyepatch was with him.

 
 
 

“You could have told me what I was from the beginning,” Loki’s voice was full of pain and betrayal, and his eyes held anger for the man in front of him. “Why didn’t you?” 

 
 
 

“You’re my son,” the older man said softly, not altogether convincingly. “I wanted only to protect you from the truth.”

 
 
 

Loki was very clearly holding back tears at this, looking hurt in a way that made Tony feel odd. 

 
 
 

“What, because I-I-I’m the monster who parents tell their children about at night? No, it all makes sense now,” Loki’s voice became hostile, snarling at his father. “Why you favoured Thor, all these years.”

 
 
 

Tony could relate to that somewhat. He knew what it was like, being the small one in the shadow of the big beefy blond. Maybe Rogers wasn’t his brother, but growing up he’d been acutely aware of the fact that his father showed more love for a war hero who’d been MIA for forty years than his own son. Maybe he was more similar to Loki than he thought. Tony shuddered. Awful thought.

 
 
 

“Because no matter how much you claimed to love me,” Loki’s words spoke of betrayal, they spoke of mistrust. “You could never have a frost giant sitting on the throne of Asgard,” he spat out. Tony paused at that. Frost giant? That was new.

 
 
 

The scene changed.

 
 
 

They were on the rainbow road from Mario Kart. Okay, maybe not, but that’s what it looked like. Loki was dangling over the abyss of space, holding on to Thor, who was being held by that old dude again.

 
 
 

“I could have done it father!” Loki cried out desperately, sounding impossibly young and heartbreaking. “I could have done it! For you,” he cried, looking like no more than a boy looking for the approval he had craved all his life. “For all of us,” he finished, bravado slipping, wearing his emotions on his face, looking so desperate, reaching out for his father’s kindness.

 
 
 

“No, Loki,” and now Tony really wanted to punch this guy. What kind of a dad was he? Here was his-well he didn’t know how old Loki was, but judging by his behaviour-teenaged son (or whatever the Asgardian equivalent of that was), dangling over an abyss, desperately reaching out for help, looking dangerously like he was about to let go, and what did dear old dad do?

 
 
 

God, Tony was starting to realise how similar their childhoods had been, Norse mythology aside. That was a thought he didn’t really want to entertain.

 
 
 

Tony saw it coming before it happened. Loki’s faced changed from brok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Thor

freeform: 
FrostIron - Freeform
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Angst
Fluff
Eventual Romance
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Slow Burn
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Female Loki (Marvel)
Male Loki (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Suicide

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner & Thor

