Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James – he much preferred James these days, Bucky was… not who he was anymore – sat in the antechamber outside the ICC court and tried not to fidget. His lawyer, a woman by the name of Gertrude Hildebrande, was sitting next to him, reading over something on her tablet, and he tried to let her calm demeanour settle his own nerves, though it wasn’t having as much of an effect as he would have hoped. His lawyer, he knew, wasn’t overly concerned about this hearing and much of James’ situation had been hashed out over the last year as he’d been undergoing treatment at Kamar-Taj. Gertie, as his lawyer preferred to be known (a nickname that never failed to make James smile – he’d known a Gertie back in the day, a feisty, fiery old woman who had been the one person in their neighbourhood who hadn’t been afraid to smack Stevie over the knuckles when he deserved it), had already fought the good fight in his name and almost all of his actions as the Winter Soldier had been cleared. A combination of FRIDAY and Betty Ross had dug into the SHIELD data dump and unearthed a large number of files about the Winter Soldier program which had gone a long way to clearing his name. His psychiatrist had contributed the rest.James wasn’t sure how comfortable he was with that. He still felt tremendously guilty about what he’d done as the Winter Soldier. After months of therapy, he’d come to accept that Stevie actually had it half right – it hadn’t been Bucky Barnes who had killed those people. That was true enough. If James had been in control, they wouldn’t have died. And therein lay the point that had taken him a long time to accept. He hadn’t been in control. The Winter Soldier had.And that had been a nasty surprise for everyone involved. The Winter Soldier wasn’t just a fancy name for the way they’d broken him down or for some form of conditioning. The Winter Soldier was an actual second persona existing within his mind, one created by a combination of the severe trauma and the serum he’d been given. That had been a breakthrough with some wide ranging effects. Not only did it benefit his own therapy but it had aided in Stevie’s therapy and had given Dr Banner some apparently much-needed peace of mind. As far as anyone could tell, a side effect of the serum was the potential for the creation of a secondary persona if some form of outside pressure was involved. In James, that secondary persona had been created in response to the trauma of the torture he’d experienced. HYDRA had wanted the Winter Soldier so the serum, in conjunction with his own mind, had created just that to protect him. His situation was most closely mirrored by Dr Banner’s circumstances, he just didn’t get all big and green, probably because they hadn’t used any radiation as a stressor. His had been the torture and the chair. They had yet to determine whether Stevie had developed a secondary persona with the combination of the serum and the vita rays, though there was some indication in the information about the Winter Core that had been killed by Zemo in Siberia that if the secondary persona was compatible with the primary persona, they could assimilate. James was pretty sure that’s what had happened with Stevie. The secondary persona was everything Stevie had ever wanted to be and he’d assimilated it without even realising what was happening. James and the Winter Soldier had never assimilated because they were too different. Not that James wasn’t grateful in a way for Winter’s presence. From what had been dug up, if Winter hadn’t been created, HYDRA had planned some more ‘robust’ procedures that probably would have destroyed his mind forever. But Winter was a stone cold assassin and soldier while James… well, James had never really wanted to even be a soldier in the first place. It had been the right thing to do at the time and James had accepted that but as good a sniper as he’d been, he had never intended to stay in the Army beyond the war. He’d have been happy to go home and just be an ordinary person.So a major part of his therapy had been getting to know the Winter Soldier. He’d actually gotten to know Dr Banner pretty well over that time because of that and Bruce had given him a lot of good advice, much of which was said with the very rueful air of a man who’d learned these things the hard way.Winter, as his secondary persona now preferred to be called, had been difficult to deal with at first, both for James and for his shrink, Henrietta. He’d been cold and callous, more Asset than person. James had been first alarmed, then he’d started to get scared of both Winter and himself and had become increasingly unwilling to cede control to the Winter Soldier in case something terrible happened. Finally Bruce had come to him with an odd expression on his face and a suggestion that had been quite startling – let the Hulk talk to the Winter Soldier.Henrietta had been the first to recover and she’d slowly nodded and agreed with the idea 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Politics
International Diplomacy
mostly Thor: Ragnarok compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Sequel
More tags and relationships added as I go along
moderated for my peace of mind

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

