Chapter 1





Chapter Text

…Captivity that is shared is but half captivity.

-Alexandre Dumas
 
He hears her scream.
He has been half-expecting it since he saw her.
He saw the blonde hair first, the cascade of it across her shoulders, her head bowed, as if hoping it would hide her face. But long hair was neither mask nor shield, not in a place like this.
The guards paraded her through the cell block five days ago, barely able to hide their own smiles. She wore a white jumpsuit, too baggy across her waist and shoulders. Meant for a man. Just like the rest of this place. And while some of these men are here on non-violent charges—drugs, insurance scams and thefts—there are others. Ones with bloodstained hands and sharp-eyed faces. Too alert and too dangerous by far. Those were the first men to call out to her, hissing and beckoning through the bars of their cells, fingers reaching for her.
He didn’t reach. He didn’t even stand up from his cot; he merely watched as the woman was walked by—and vanished out of sight.
A woman in a place like this. A woman who looked like she should have been modeling office wear.
His first thought was, She won’t last a goddamn week in here. Followed by, What the hell are the guards thinking?
The point is, he has been expecting this.
Honestly, he’s surprised it took five days.
It’s coming from a locked cell block—and there’s the guard, standing there like nothing is wrong. Paid off, probably.
His jaw clenches.
This isn’t his fight. This isn’t his fight. This isn’t—

Goddamn it.

He rises from his cot and strides into the hallway.
Without hesitating, he slams the guard’s head into the bars, seizes the key from his belt and fumbles for the right one. It takes an eternity, then the key slides home and the door opens. He steps inside and there she is—two of these bastards struggling with her. Without so much as slowing down, he bashes his elbow into that man’s skull, where the jaw connects to the skull. Something cracks, and it isn’t the elbow. The man goes down without so much as a sound.
He has a shiv—he took it off the last man who tried to kill him. It doesn’t have the heft or the balance of a Kabar, but it’ll serve well enough. He grabs the second man by the hair, yanks him off balance, and slides the blade up between his ribs. The man gasps, tries to breathe, then falls in a heap.
There is a third man. He stands a few feet away, shaking. He’s young—probably trying to get into one of the gangs. He looks at the intruder with wide-eyed terror.
“Anyone else comes near her, I’ll make what happened to these two look like a goddamn mercy,” he snarls. The young man jerks back, then runs.
The woman is still breathing hard. She looks up at him like he’s a new monster she’s going to have to face.
She’s so thin. Maybe late twenties, early thirties. No tattoos, no visible scars. One of her knuckles is split open, as if she managed to get in at least one good blow. There is still a cold, analytical part of his mind that files all of this away, even as he squats down before her. The less analytical part of his brain notes that she looks frightened but defiant, her gaze tracking over him as if looking for weak points.
She’s a fighter.
Good.
“Hey,” he says. The shiv is still loose in his fingers. He wipes it clean on the dying man’s shirt, then holds it out—handle toward her. Her eyes widen when she sees it. “Take this. Tape it to your leg—keep it on you at all times. Anyone else comes near you, don’t aim for the heart. Stab just below the ear, through the throat.”
She gapes at him.
He can hear the guards coming. “Take it,” he snaps, and she does. They’ll search him—they search anyone who’s taken to solitary. This isn’t his first time.
She slips the shiv into her clothes. Some of her fear has faded.
“Who are you?” she says, and he doesn’t know how to answer. It’s a question that hasn’t been posed in well over a year. Even those who don’t know him still know of him.
He’s Inmate Number 021974.
He’s the Punisher.
He’s the smudge of darkness that so many criminals have seen before they exhaled their last.
He’s—
“Castle,” says one of the guards. “Get on your knees, now!”
There is clanking coming from the cell block door. The guards’ll be on him in about ten seconds.
“Take care,” he says. His voice is rougher than he might have wanted. It’s been a while since he tried to speak with any amount of gentleness. And then the guards round the corner and slam him against a wall.
Solitary doesn’t faze him.
It’s supposed to be a punishment. He knows that—he’s seen the statistics. It’s considered a form of torture, can cause everything from depression to hallucinations. But for Frank it’s just… quiet. He’s left alone with his own thoughts, and hell, maybe that is punishment enough. But solitary has very little effect on him; he has been alone since he woke up in a hospital bed, a bandage around his aching skull and needles beneath his skin.
For the deaths of those two men and the assault of a guard, he gets a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Karen Page

freeform: 
Prison AU
Angst
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Basically Frank commits his crimes early
goes to prison
and is there when Karen is framed for her coworker’s death
Eventual Romance

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Karen Page

