Chapter 1: Infection
    




Chapter Text
Hands gripping tight to the steering wheel, Billy wondered once again why exactly he was doing this.Sure, he’d put on the act for Mrs. Wheeler, laying on the charm, but it was supposed to stay an act. Harmless flirting, nothing serious, just enough to put up a front without any commitment to following through. And yet, somehow he’d fucked it up, and before he knew what he was saying he’d agreed to meet her at some shitty motel for “swim lessons.” But even stupider than agreeing was getting in the damn car in the first place. He had no intention of fucking her – probably wouldn’t be able to anyway if he was honest, so he’d ended up driving in circles around Hawkins’ back roads, too worked up to turn around but too self-preserving to keep going. What the fuck was he supposed to say, exactly, if she was waiting there for him? ‘Sorry, Mrs. Wheeler, I know you brought the whole damn book club to the pool each day just to ogle me, but I’m-”Something shot out from the side of the road, and Billy cursed bumfuck Indiana yet again for its goddamn wildlife even as he jerked the wheel. It wasn’t bright enough to see more than a dark black blob – real nice streetlights in this shithole town – hurtling toward his wheels, moving too fast for the Camaro to dodge. A deafening slam rocked the car, and Billy cursed again, wincing at the impact of flesh on metal and the horrible crunching noise of the side of his car. The car skidded under his hands for a few more feet, thrown halfway across the road by the force before coming to a shuddering stop. “Fuck,” Billy growled, knowing something that had sent him flying so far would probably have left a pretty damn noticeable dent in the car. Though, he had to admit, hitting some kind of deer or something at least gave him an excuse to bail on Mrs. Wheeler without looking suspicious.Billy’s hand fumbled behind him to pop the lock on his door, and he slid himself out to check the damage. He came around the car, frowning at where the sleek blue had been marred by the impact and a set of scratch marks – probably from the thing’s antlers. He glanced over at the side of the road again, trying to make out what exactly he had hit, but-It wasn’t there.And that had to be wrong, because there was no way any deer would have just gotten up and fucked off on its own after a collision like that. In fact, now that he looked, there wasn’t even any blood on the pavement, though there was… oil? No, he thought as he got closer to it, not oil, some kind of thick black goo.A rustling in the bushes made his head snap back up. Whatever the fuck was going on here, he really didn’t want to stick around and find out. He should just head back for the car. But the rustling grew louder, and the bushes at the side of the road began to shake, and before Billy could even turn away there was something leaping right for him.It collided with his face, drowning out his vision and sending him a step backwards into the side of his car. He tried to grab at it in a panic, rip it off his face, but his hands only came away with what felt like more of that fucking goo. Billy felt the briefest sense of something inside him, inside his head, before his muscles slackened involuntarily and his vision was swallowed in darkness.~~Billy’s vision came back blurred and too-bright, light pulsing against the back of his skull. Images swam in front of his eyes, too fast to hold onto. And there was… a presence, some sort of chill, and it felt… inside his head. And it was displeased with the washed-out film crawl.Who are you? And Billy didn’t know who’d thought that, him or it, and didn’t think he wanted to know.Some images became clearer, focused longer. Brightly lit beaches in the California midday sun, shimmering with vibrancy. The waves were too blue, his mother’s sundress too white-Abruptly the scene changed. A dinner table, just as bright yet this time the light leeched the color out of the room instead, bathing it in a sickly pale hue. Neil’s fingers, clenched into fists. A swell of pain on his lip, sudden, unbidden.Another change, and this time he could practically feel the heat of the bonfire roaring in front of him, bathing his face in an orange glow. The beer between his fingers dripped cold condensation onto his thigh. Across from him, Tommy opened his mouth, but nothing came out.What was happening to him?
What do you want?
He was behind the wheel of a car, his car, and wind spilled through the cracked window to card through his hair. A flash of red caught his eye, and he turned to the right, watching Max’s long hair whip wildly in the wind as she stared sullenly out the window. Almost not of his own accord, his hand rose, then rested on her bright hair, ruffling the strands until she pulled away and fixed him with a glare bordering on a begrudging smile.The wind stilled and he adjusted, lounging at the back of a classroom, gaze tilted away from the teacher and fixed on the back of soft
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Billy Hargrove/Steve Harrington

freeform: 
Stranger Things Spoilers
Season 3
Possession
it takes interdimensional interference for these idiots to realize they love each other
they'll get there eventually
Crossover
Gay Billy Hargrove
Bisexual Steve Harrington
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Swearing

fandom: 
Billy Hargrove/Steve Harrington

