Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Cold... Why was it so cold?
Hadn't he done everything in his might to escape this coldness? A coldness so familiar, it felt like an ancient part of him he had tried so hard to forget about.
Why? He thought he had finally managed to escape its grip a long time ago. Why did it always seem to catch up to him, caressing him like an old friend he hadn't seen nor heard of in decades? It almost felt like the coldness was embracing him. The feeling radiating from said embrace made him shudder in discomfort. He had always yearned for warmth - almost his entire life. Yet all he ever got was coldness.
He knew, deep down, that the coldness was a part of him. The dark lingering truth he vehemently tried to ignore in favor of becoming something less, something fragile... Something that was actually allowed to yearn for warmth.
So he became less, became fragile. Tried to forget who or rather what he really was...
But it seemed not enough.
Had it been really too much to ask for? To want something for his own? Was it so blasphemous to yearn for something he couldn't have?
Is this the reason why he had ended up here?
Laying in this godforsaken wasteland, betrayed by the ones he once would have called his friends? Was that the reason why he got his chest smashed in? Bleeding out in a lonely wasteland.
He had closed his eyes a while ago. Not because he felt tired. He should, actually. The blood loss was already critical. Nothing could save him now anyway. Everything that was left to do, was to let go. But that wasn't easy given how desperately his daughter had begged him to stay awake until she finally faded to silence.
It would be okay. She would eventually get over him someday, he tried to lie to himself - knowing very well that she wouldn't.
 
Far away, in the depths of his mind, he could hear 'them' chuckle. Amused about his demise.They had told him more than once that he was the foolish one among them.
He had never bothered to listen, but now it nagged at him.They never seemed to understand him, even If he tried to explain himself. He mused 'they' never even tried to do so in the first place, so why should he have bothered?
The word 'foolish' echoed through his mind like a cacophony, followed by even louder chuckles.
Was he really the foolish one among 'them'?
No. Maybe? He didn't even know anymore. Wasn't it just that 'they' couldn't understand? Couldn't even comprehend the meaning of feelings like yearning felt in the first place? To want something more than your own life. To abandon everything just to catch a little glimpse of what you desire. Even If it meant to destroy yourself in the progress?
Ah.
Saying it like that... Now he indeed sounded a little bit foolish, didn't he?
"... So I was the fool after all." Tony huffed out. The coldness seeping into his body, embracing him like a long lost lover. Maybe this wasn't too bad after all.
He had grown tired of this life anyways. There was so much hurt so much loss and so much more betrayal... Wouldn't it be better for him to just close his eyes and let it all just go?
Well, there wasn't much he held onto nowadays anyways.
"... Can't believe... They had it right from the start." He whispered under his raspy breath.
Again.
There was a chuckle again.
But not from them. They didn't sound like that. The amusement was amiss in this small, almost inaudible chuckle. It almost seemed forced to him, as if the one causing the sound had to maintain a certain role he was not eager to play.
Opening his eyes slowly, he recognized an all too familiar silhouette standing before him.
"... Come to see me die?" He asked. A smile creeping over his almost frozen face, the sheer ridiculousness of the situation was just way too hilarious for his own taste.
"That was the plan, Stark." Loki drawled out, not really looking as amused as he tried to sound.
Well, this was... Unexpected to say it mildly. Maybe even more unexpected than the fact that one of his closest friends had betrayed him.
"... How do I come to such an honor, Lokes? I'm sure you have something better to do than watching a pathetic mortal- or however, you so often call me- die. I mean - Supervillain stuff and all that. Always had the feeling you had a lot of stuff to do and no time on your hand." Tony joked halfheartedly, he wasn't really into it nowadays (guess why).
If Loki was angered by the nickname, he didn't show it. Odd, Tony thought. Normally the god would have already punched Tony through a wall for his irreverence towards him. He had actually hoped he would do so, that would certainly quicken stuff up.
Instead, Loki just stood there for a moment, staring down at him like he was some sort of ugly furniture showcased at some high-class store which was not only ugly as hell, but also rather overpriced given how awful it looked.
It took a while before the god eventually spoke again.
"... Pathetic." Was all he said, or rather mumbled under his breath, keeping his gaze at Tony without l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
not team Cap friendly
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Steve and the others will get their ass kicked
Immortal Tony Stark
Violence
I'm Not Ashamed
still salty
Tony has more identities than underwear

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

