Chapter 1: Old Debts
    




Chapter Text
              “Spare my life oh Prince, and I shall grant you a boon.” The Sprite said like silk as her leg bled within Loki’s trap. He’d snared her, intent on killing her for that precious blood which is so rare and so useful in powerful spells. But Loki is only 14 years old and has never killed another living thing beyond the elk he hunts with his father and elder brother Thor in the Dark Forrest. He had not expected her to look like a person. They are ethereal spirits prone to taking any number of shapes. It is what makes them so hard to spot and capture. They are most famous for appearing in the form of a white stag, or in this case, as a beautiful woman. She appears both young and yet eternal, her willowy almost albino skin and big blue eyes give her an innocent look which pierces his heart.                Loki already knows that he doesn’t have it in him to kill her. If ever any of the elk could have begged for their lives, Loki is pretty certain he would have spared them too. He doesn’t want to look weak. He is a prince after all, and even though there are no other witnesses, Loki knows SHE will remember this moment and wants to make a lasting impression. Loki doesn’t answer her right away. Instead he pulls an empty vial out of his pocket and starts collecting the blood that is running out of the wound in her leg. This way he gets a little bit of the precious magical blood AND a boon. When the tiny bottle is full, he puts the cork in it and speaks to her.                “I could be satisfied with this little bit if your boon is enticing enough.” Loki says shrewdly. “Pray tell me my lady; what could you offer that is worth so much?” The Sprite’s eyes seem to cloud over and Loki knows that though she is looking at him, she no longer sees him.                “You are intelligent, patient, and calculating young prince. But a day will come when your mistakes will mount beyond your reckoning and consume you.  So it is an escape I offer you, like the escape that you will give me now that you may begin anew and be washed clean of your failures. Do you accept this offer?” She asks, her face impassive as stone. Loki grins wickedly. This is great. Loki thinks back to some of his practice spells that went horribly wrong, like changing Sif’s hair color. His father had not been amused. He hadn’t meant to make the color change permanent.                Loki leans down over the trap and releases her leg from the spell enchanted upon it. “How will I summon you when I need you?” Loki asks.                “You won’t young prince. Know that I will always be watching and will come to you in your moment of greatest peril.” In a flash of pink wispy smoke she is gone. Greatest peril? She must mean to save him on the battlefield. Knowing that he has someone looking over him to protect him, gives Loki a sense of confidence he has never had before. Not to the point of carelessness mind you, but now, Loki can feel more at ease within his own abilities and not so intimated by his big brother. Perhaps the time has come for Loki to take up weapons training. He has always been rather fond of daggers. 
Many, Many years later……

 
                “It is my birthright!”                “YOUR BIRTHRIGHT! WAS TO DIE! CAST OUT ON A FROZEN ROCK! If I had not picked you up, you would not be here now to hate me.” Odin’s voice booms throughout the throne room. The room is packed full of Asgard’s nobles, the council and of course Prince Thor and Queen Frigga. They have come to hear what Prince Loki’s sentence shall be. Odin stands and the hall goes quiet.                “I, Odin the Allfather, hereby sentence you Loki…. To death.” Frigga lets out a great and terrible sob as Thor’s arms encircle her to comfort and support her. The crowd mutters their approval and as the guards gather to encircle Loki to take him to the gallows a bright and blinding light fills the room. The guards are knocked some distance away from Loki, and before them appears the Sprite.                “Who are you spirit? What business do you have here!?” Odin shouts at the ethereal creature. She looks at the Allfather briefly but does not address him.                “Hello Loki.”                Loki looks upon her and the memory comes rushing back like a tidal wave. He’d forgotten about her. It had happened so many years ago and Loki had faced so many perilous situations without her intervention he thought he’d never see her again, believing she’d lied to him and would never keep her promise. Loki smiles his first genuine and broad smile since falling from the BiFrost. She is here to set him free.                “It’s about time you showed up. Finally come to repay your debt to me?” Loki says smiling.                “Yes Loki. I have come to free you. Just…not in the way that you want.” She says. Loki’s smile falters.                “What do you mean?” He hisses at her. Odin listens quietly to their exchange. He doesn’t bother sick
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Intersex Loki
Lots of fluff with eventual smut
Jötunn Loki
Kid Loki
Thor Feels
Protective Thor
Female Loki
Frigga is an awesome mom
Odin is just trying to cope
Loki Feels
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Loki Does What He Wants
Pregnant Loki
Arranged Marriage
Love Triangle
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Female Loki w/Steve
Male and Female Loki w/Thor
Throne Sex
Anal Sex
Public Sex
Jealous Thor
Possessive Thor
Vulnerable Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Steve Rogers

