Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony is still dreaming. At least, he’s pretty sure he’s still dreaming. Thought processes, those are a thing, right? Tony is currently attempting to will his brain back online but he feels like it’s just full of static at the moment. He blinks and there’s Clint at his elbow muttering something about coffee and looking just as tired as Tony feels.He attempts to shake away the fog and finally manages to process Clint’s words. “You better have left me some, dude,” He’d muttered and Tony’s brows creased in confusion as he watched Clint reach for the last tiny cup of coffee left in the pot.Right, coffee. He looked down at the bright red Iron Man mug in his grasp, full to the point of nearly spilling over with the liquid gold. Right. He should probably drink some of that so that maybe his brain might function normally…er, more normal than usual. Pardon him for not having proper use of his brain right now, thank you very much.So, Tony sipped his coffee and after lowering the mug and still being unable to process what was in front of him, he decided he’d better drink the whole damn thing. He gulped down the first few mouthfuls, burning his mouth and practically choking on it; but, forced it down nevertheless. Wasn’t as if he didn’t burn himself on a near daily basis anyway.Oh, who was he kidding? He’d be lucky if he went a day let alone three hours without burning himself on something.So, coffee successfully burning its way down his throat, he blinked and attempted to reassess the Situation. Because it was a…Situation. The capital S definitely warranted. He inhaled shakily when the scene before him didn’t change. He must still be dreaming. That is the only plausible explanation.Setting down his now empty mug on the kitchen island, he shook out his arms, rolled up his left sleeve and then pinched his inner elbow as hard as he possibly could.“Motherfu-“ He started to curse, cutting himself off and drawing literally everyone’s sleep addled gazes.Okay, new plan seeing as you’re not dreaming, genius.He mentally face-palmed and then cleared his throat. “Sorry, thought I left something dangerous on in the lab. It’s all good though, just remembered I shut that shit down-“ He muttered, an only slightly hysterical lilt to his voice, clearing his throat again when no one seemed bothered by his outburst or his manic tone.Except Steve, good ‘ol Captain America wide-eyed and bushy-tailed at…10am on a Tuesday morning. Tony made a face when the man just looked him over curiously before getting distracted by Bucky who was attempting to steal bacon from his breakfast plate. First crisis averted. Success.He glanced around the kitchen to his friends, Bruce pouring over a journal article, Thor stuffing his face with pop-tarts, Wanda braiding her hair while she chatted with Jarvis about various tutorials for braiding hair she should try, the A.I. putting up selections for her on the tablet she had propped up on the table in front of her. Clint was busy putting on another pot of coffee, having drained the last of the first pot while Natasha sat up on the counter next to the stove, surveying the scene with a cup of herbal tea in her grasp.Bucky was still trying to steal bacon off of Steve’s plate, even when his own was fully loaded with the stuff, Steve sitting beside him watching him fondly and stealing fruit from Bucky’s plate all the while. And then there was Peter. Peter goddamn Parker in all his adorably nerdy self just standing in the kitchen with headphones on over his ears as he put together what looked like a fruit smoothie.Tony swallowed past the lump in his throat, letting his gaze wander over his frame and felt his insides churn with…something. Peter wasn’t wearing normal pyjamas like the rest of them, oh no. He was wearing something far more…Tony didn’t have the proper brain cells necessary to complete that sentence.The blender startled him and Natasha raised one perfectly manicured brow at his flinch and that was enough to get Tony to move. He slid into the closest seat, which just so happened to be next to Steve at the breakfast island and snagged an apple out of the fruit bowl in front of him, breathed harshly on it…and then proceeded to rub it vigorously over his shirt. His incredibly dirty shirt. Gross.And then Peter was humming and drawing his attention once again. He’d finished making his smoothie and was now pouring it into one of those ridiculously large Starbucks reusable cups with the straws-an obnoxiously bright pink monstrosity-and screwing on the lid. He wasn’t doing much of anything of note, but his sheer presence and well…if Tony was being really honest with himself, the outfit he was currently wearing, were enough to warrant his attention.Right, back to his outfit.Tony blew out a breath and just let himself look for a second or three.Because again, Peter wasn’t wearing something Tony would call normal, not that there was anything inherently wrong with what he was wearing or anything
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
May Parker/Happy Hogan

freeform: 
Soft Peter Parker
Tom Holland is my Spidey
peter is 19
Tony Guilt
Crushes
Unrequited Love
but not really
bit of angst because Tony
mentions of infinity war
but like it didn't happen okay?
mentions of endgame
also didn't happen
somehow they all lived no one hates each other and Tony and pepper never got back together
sorry pepper
Adorable Peter Parker
Sweet and Soft Peter Parker
Thigh High Socks
Stockings
Flashback
PTSD
they live as one big happy family at the compound
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Masturbation
Guilt
Pining
so much pine
Feminine Peter Parker
Jealous Tony
Protective Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
Fluff and Smut
Oral Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Come Swallowing
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Virgin Peter Parker
First Time
Inexperience
No Condoms
But please practice safe sex
it's important kids
Love Confessions
Daddy Kink
Hair trigger
Praise Kink
Dirty Talk
Sweet Talk
Swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
May Parker/Happy Hogan

