Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
There’s a piece of paper on the desk and a skeleton in the closet.Admittedly, the piece of paper of in itself isn’t actually harmful to anything other than Peter’s mental wellbeing. Still, the printed words of FIELD TRIP PERMISSION SLIP and underneath, in slightly smaller letters, STARK INDUSTRIES, brought him an unexpected amount of dread. There's already a signature on the bottom, courtesy of Aunt May who signed it the second she saw it last night.Peter debates leaving the paper on the desk and not going at all. He comes very, very close to simply walking out the door and accidentally letting the wind blow it into the trash.He doesn’t. For some inexplicable, inane reason, Peter picks up the paper with a sigh, runs his fingers over Aunt May’s signature, and stuffs it in his backpack.The next two weeks could not be over fast enough. 
  This is where Peter Parker finds himself; two weeks later at exactly seven thirty in the morning, boarding an ordinary school bus on a Saturday in the back of the school, next to the gym. In just a few short minutes, he’ll be taking a tour of the facility that he spends much of his weekend hours doing absolutely normal things such as hanging out with the Avengers and building robotic suits for superheroes.He takes a seat next to Ned, who hasn’t stopped vibrating since the moment he saw the permission slip. MJ gives them both a two fingered wave, sits in front of them and promptly buries herself in a book. The rest of their, admittedly small, decathlon team filters in and takes their seats, chatting widely all the same.Flash gives him a particular vindictive smile and slaps his hand on the back of the hard bus cushion as he passes to take his usual seat in the back. He doesn’t say anything, but truthfully he doesn’t need to. Peter knows enough about Flash to get the message loud and clear.“He’s gonna shit his pants when he finds out that you actually work with the Tony Stark, dude,” says Ned who, of course, had watched the entire thing. “Like, personal intern stuff. Really personal intern stuff.”Peter spins in his seat, mildly alarmed, “Oh no. No, no, no. There will be no big reveals of any kind on this trip. I am a normal intern, I do normal intern things. Like make small useless robots with the leftover scraps and bring the actual employees coffee.”“And work on the Iron Man suit during your off time,” Ned stage-whispers. Peter immediately nudges him in the side, gives him a look, and glances up—inconspicuously—to see if anyone else had overheard. Thankfully, they were all too busy in their own conversations to notice two nerds chatting about Peter’s definitely not normal intern duties.“Dude,” he says.“What? I’m right.”“Don’t say that out loud.”Ned copies the look that Peter had just given not thirty seconds earlier, “Not all of us have super hearing, Peter.”“Ned,” Peter hisses.The bus engine rumbles to life, not quite moving but not far from it. The chatter of the bus increases almost immediately and the excitement of a bunch of fifteen year olds spreads throughout the bus. Peter sinks in his seat, arms crossed. Ned turns to him, “Are we going to meet the Avengers?”“No.”He’s not worried about running into the Avengers. The Avengers just don’t do high school tours, Peter included or not. In fact, they barely do high schoolers at all. Peter knows for a fact he’s seen Rhodey turn and walk in the other direction the second before a group of rambunctious teens charged down the city streets of New York. Sam accidentally said the word fuck in front of a thirteen year old and hasn’t lived it down since. And Mr. Stark? Yeah, he doesn’t really need to say much about that. The others toe this fine line between knowing how to deal with teenagers, but not wanting to deal with teenagers.Ned looks like he’s about to respond—or, possibly, ask another question that normal intern Peter Parker should not know the answer to—but Mr. Harrington stands up at the front of the bus, gripping the side of the seat to keep his balance, and clears his throat. The class takes a few seconds to quiet down, but eventually Mr. Harrington holds the entire decathlon team’s full attention.“Thank you,” Mr. Harrington says. “Stark Industries has granted us an amazing opportunity that we were lucky to take ahold of. The school’s first priority was safety after the events of the last trip,”—there were muffled murmurs because Washington D.C is not to be forgotten—“and we will continue to emphasize this in order to have a safe, fun trip. Remember the rules we discussed this morning and be sure to follow all the guidelines that the tour guide offers us. Think of this as a continued learning experience and not just a day away from classes, if you will.”Mr. Harrington slides back into his seat at the front. The team breaks off into loud chattering. Ned nudges his side and leans in to whisper.“Is there going to be any,” Ned 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
BAMF Peter Parker
Team as Family
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Canon-Typical Violence
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Hostage Situations
Humor
Fluff and Humor
this was written before FFH so no FFH spoilers
this is called me taking the field trip trope
and running in the opposite direction with it
(the identity reveal is only to his decathlon team and mr harrington)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

