Chapter 1: First Day Glitches
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Another day another dollar. This is the lame attempt at a pep talk I try to give myself as I stand in the seemingly mile long driveway of the huge group of cinderblock buildings that sit in upstate New York, with nothing but a resolutely taped shut cardboard box in my arms, and a half empty duffel bag slung over my shoulder. Of course the day hasn’t even technically started yet so it remains to be seen whether I will make that metaphorical dollar or whether I will run away screaming first. Well, no… actually… if I run away I know it won’t be screaming!
My new job is not glamorous but it is still a step up. I used to be a cleaning lady/ janitor’s assistant in an elementary school, cleaning up after puking, peeing, snot nosed little brats, who were just in the stages of discovering how fun it was to stick gum underneath chairs and desks. Fun for all but the poor sod who’d have to scrape the ick off after hours. Namely: moi! 
To say this job was subpar for a 20 year old woman with almost a PhD in Advanced Chemistry is severely understating things. But I have certain restrictions and disabilities that prevent me from finding a job in what was once my chosen field. A cleaning lady let’s me blend into the background after hours. Silently! That’s the most important part here. 
Anyway, I became tentative friends with the science teacher at the elementary school and after a while she discovered my background and used some connections because she thought I was way under-tasked and not living up to my potential where I was. Duh! But she did manage to help me get the new job here. She’s an old classmate’s of Dr. Bruce Banner’s and called in a favour with him or something. Honestly I didn’t pay too much attention…
Where is here? Here is at the new Avengers Compound/S.H.I.E.L.D headquarters on the outskirts of New York City. What is my job? Well, it’s not much more glamorous. I am now the cleaning technician in the Compound’s main lab. I’m in charge of getting rid of hazardous materials and cleaning anything contaminated and just in general taking care of hygiene and the lab equipment. Fun stuff. But at least this way I get to be around something chemistry related again. Which is a definite step up, because the chemical makeup of vomit does not interest me. No, thank you!
And this job I am starting today. If I can will myself to enter the compound. I got dropped off about twenty minutes ago by the very miffed cab driver who probably thinks I’m a gigantic, rude B-witch since I didn’t say a word to him. If I could have, I would have told him not to take it personally. I don’t speak. To anyone. Ever. Not anymore.
All I’m carrying is that cursed cardboard box, and the medium sized duffel bag that holds all my worldly belongings, because not only am I starting a new job, I’m also moving in. One of the perks. Free room and board.
For this reason alone, so I don’t lose this new home, I will my feet to move forward. I actually manage to enter the building. Once inside, instead of doing what I know I should, which is find Lab 209, my feet automatically turn towards the restroom sign down the hall. A safe haven! I duck inside and quickly lock myself into a stall. Just for a minute, I tell myself.
I press my forehead to the cold metal of the stall door soaking in the soothing coolness while trying to ignore the fact that I’m probably also soaking in a whole lots germs! 
It starts like it always does. Quietly and like a faintly annoying humming in my ears. It gets louder and louder until it becomes obvious that the humming is actually a heart wrenching, blood curdling scream of utter terror and pain. It bounces around my skull in a thousand unbearable echoes, reverberating through my mind until I’m sure that anyone in the vicinity must be staring at me and is ready to call 911. But no. No one can ever hear the screams. No one but me.
My hands curl into fists, fingernails digging into my palms, as the strap of the duffle slips from my shoulder, landing with a muffled whump on the damp floor.
Bang. Bang. Bang. I become aware, much more slowly than I should, that I am rhythmically slamming my forehead against the stall door in a futile attempt to stop or quiet the screams. Predictably it doesn’t work. 
But once I become aware of it I am able to seize back control. At least some semblance of it. I straighten up, shake my hair back, and unlock the door squeezing out and heading to the sink to splash cold water in my face. I try to avoid the mirrors as I always do nowadays, but today something draws my gaze. The girl that looks back at me looks sunken, deflated, like she’s a few sizes too small for the body she’s in. My clothes are baggy. I prefer this now, to hide my figure. My dirty –blonde hair is too long, scraped back into a messy but functional braid down my back, tendrils escaping to flutter around my face with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Self-Harm
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Hatred
Cutting
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
Sweet Loki (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Past Rape/Non-con
Thanos (Marvel) Dies
Miðgarðr | Midgard
Asgard (Marvel)
Original Character(s)
Original Character-centric
Minor Original Character(s)
Angst with a Happy Ending
Flashbacks
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Depression
Muteness
POV Original Female Character
Hurt
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Panic Attacks
Healing
selective mutism
Angst
Comfort

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

