Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Considering his best friend was still brainwashed and on the run, things for Steve had actually been pretty good since the fall of SHIELD. The trail had gone suspiciously cold just outside Moscow – something that had driven Sam absolutely mad – but Steve was under the impression that, when he was ready, Bucky would come to them. They'd managed to collect information along the way, after all, and – for now, at least – Steve was content for that to be enough. He knew his best friend better than anyone else after all, alive or dead.
From there they had flown back to Steve's apartment in DC – a little dejected, but overly still hopeful – only to find...
“Stark?”
He was really getting sick of people breaking into his home.
“Hey, Cap,” the billionaire replied, swinging to his feet from where he had been sitting at the dining table. “Nice place. Neighbourhood's a little more... flamboyant than I thought you'd be comfortable with, but kudos to you for fully immersing yourself in the twenty first century. And, hey, you've got yourself a friend! Am I interrupting something, or -”
“What are you doing here, Stark?” Steve cut him off, because he really wasn't in the mood for his snark.
“Wow, I mean, I was just kidding, Cap, but you got a little defensive, there. Got something to tell us -”
“Stark.”
“Okay, okay,” the man acquiesced, putting his hands up in defence as his shoulders sagged a little. “I just, I had a little trouble recently, so I've been staying in the New York place while my Malibu pad gets refurbished. I'm fine, by the way – thanks for the concern. But anyway, I was going through some of the systems – you know, doing a few patches and upgrades – when JARVIS, he's my main man, tells me there's been a security breech, and that SHIELD's targeting me.
“Of course, I do a little digging – get round to looking at that info I pulled off the Helicarrier – and the rest isn't too hard to work out. I, uh... I just stopped by to, uh, to thank you, I guess.”
Steve's eyebrows rose in surprise, because, honestly, the last thing he had ever expected from Tony Stark, of all people, was a thank you.
“That looked like it physically pained you, man,” Sam replied when it became obvious Steve was too shocked to speak. “You don't thank a lot of people, do you?”
“Only those who deserve it,” Stark replied, shrugging. “I heard you got pretty beaten up, and I just... maybe, if I'd looked at that intel earlier -”
“It's fine, Stark,” Steve told him, because the guy really did look like this conversation was causing him pain, and he wasn't about to make him apologise as well as thank them.
“You can...” Stark hesitated for a moment, brow pressed together as he glanced down at his shoes. “You can call me Tony, you know. If you want to, that is -”
“Tony,” Steve cut him off, because the brunet really could blather on when he wanted to. He didn't miss the small, genuine smile that tugged at the corner of the man's lips, though. “It's fine. Is there anything else?”
“Your bedroom,” Tony blurted eloquently, then sighed – obviously exasperated with himself. It was a little endearing, honestly. “I mean that I have a room all set up for you at the tower – for all the Avengers – and I strongly suggest that you take it. As much as I hate to say it, Fury had our backs, and now he's gone, we're going to need a lot more than a riveting speech from Natasha on Capital Hill to protect us – especially with all of SHIELD's secrets having been leaked. We need to stick together – safety in numbers, and all that.”
Steve narrowed his eyes. “What are you suggesting?”
“That we're not exactly in the public's – or, more importantly, the Government's – good books right now, and we need to be careful,” the genius replied seriously. “Listen, Cap, you're used to battlefields that have trenches and guns, but I'm used to battlefields with witness boxes and public enquiries. Just... trust me on this?”
Steve looked at him for a few moments, trying gauge whether he was sincere or not, and... for once in his life, he was certain that the man was. It was his eyes that gave it away, really, and, out of the blue, Steve thought that maybe that was why the brunet wore sunglasses so much – because his eyes gave absolutely everything away. Then, of course, he realised what a strange thought that was to have had, and quickly put it to the back of his mind.
“Steve,” he said, crossing his arms across his chest.
“I, uh... what?” Tony asked, frowning in confusion.
“If you're Tony, I'm Steve,” he told him, and watched as realisation of what that offer meant dawned on the genius' face.
“Good, that's... good,” he nodded, smiling again. “And, hey, your buddy can come, too, if you want. Probably a good idea if he does, actually – I saw footage of that suit, and -”
“Dude, I have a job,” Sam cut him off, mirroring Steve's stance by crossing his arms over his chest. “There's lots of ways to help folks, and they don't all include superheroes duking it out.”
“There are
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Fluffy
Toddler!Peter
Friends to Lovers
Unrequited/Requited
Team Bonding
family building
daddy Steve Rogers
Slow Build

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

