Chapter 1: Lost
    




Chapter Text
“You are needed in the throne room, my Prince,” Heimdall said as soon as Thor and his friends came through the Bifrost. “Your father wishes to see you.”Thor nodded. He waved good-bye to his friends and took off flying towards the palace, wondering what new mission Odin would have for him.In the past few of years, since his return from Midgard after the battle against Ultron, Odin had had him constantly doing something. Renewed lessons in diplomacy that Thor had not paid much attention to the first time, reviewing all of Asgard’s treaties with the other realms, training, going all over Asgard to check on provisions, defenses and the state of their army… To be honest, Thor was quite exhausted. He understood the need for it, though. Asgard had been attacked by the Dark Elves and they had found themselves unprepared. Their losses had been great (Frigga was dearly missed) and it was only natural that they would rethink their practices in the face of such tragedy.At first, Thor had been concerned about how his father would deal with the loss of both Frigga and Loki. He had been surprised by Odin sending him back to Midgard in the immediate aftermath of the attack. Surely it would have been better for Thor to remain and assist in rebuilding Asgard. Odin, however, had pointed out that Thor would not be effective as long as his heart was not truly there. His father had been trying to give him time with his beloved – time that Odin himself had been robbed of with Frigga. Unfortunately, only a couple of months later, Jane had ended their relationship citing cultural differences that made them incompatible. Thor had tried to argue, but he knew, deep down, that she was right. Their different lifespans were an insurmountable obstacle. Jane deserved someone who could grow old with her.After that, he had joined the Avengers in the search for the scepter, and that took his mind off the breakup, which was perhaps a good thing. It had been fun being around the Avengers and fighting with them. It was not exactly the same as Asgard, but he felt useful. Plus he knew his friends back in Asgard would still be there, steadfastly by his side.He missed Loki, though. Despite how difficult things had been between them, Thor still mourned his brother. He had believed that the brother he’d known had been lost for good in the void only to see him again at the end, dying on that wasteland in Svartalfheim. Had he been wrong all along and Loki could have been reached and reasoned with? Had the madness that had taken over his mind been curable after all? It hurt to think Thor could have done something more and perhaps Loki would not be dead now.The palace guards bowed to him as he passed them and Thor nodded back absent-mindedly, mind still far away.“Father, I have returned.” He knelt in front of the throne and waited.“Thor. My son.”When there was nothing further, Thor raised his head. “Yes, father? Shall I give my report?”Odin clenched his jaw and waved a hand for him to continue, so Thor did. There was not much to say, in truth, only that the Vanir had agreed to their proposal and that there had been no incidents or problems. Once he was done, Thor waited again, but Odin remained silent. It was odd. Thor had expected further questions or, at least, an acknowledgement of his success.“Father, is everything all right? Has something happened in my absence?” He had only been gone a fortnight. It was not very long, but disaster could often strike quickly and swiftly.“No, nothing is wrong,” Odin finally said. “You may go.”Thor frowned, unsure. Odin’s demeanor was strange. “Is there something else I can do, father?”“No. You are dismissed.”Thor bowed and left. As he went through the palace, he asked a few of the guards and servants if there had been any problems while he’d been away. They all said there had been nothing out of the ordinary.Perhaps I am being overtly paranoid, Thor thought. If there was a problem, father would surely tell me, he reasoned. Thor had come a long way from the recklessness of his youth, and Odin had trusted him with important matters these past few years.For the next few weeks, Thor had nothing specific to do. After almost non-stop tasks, he found himself suddenly idle. Odin sequestered himself in his chambers and was seldom seen. Thor had no idea what he was doing, or why he was no longer issuing commands to all manner of people as he had before. Whenever Thor attempted to speak to his father and offer his assistance, he was turned away. It was disappointing, if he was to be honest. And puzzling.His friends, however, quickly decided to take advantage of the lull in missions to insist they go on an adventure the way they used to. Thor wasn’t really sure about it at first, still concerned that there was something wrong, but at their continuous insistence, he finally agreed.It was not the same. Loki’s absence was painful, even if Thor seemed to be the only one to notice it – or perhaps b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Odin's A+ Parenting
Thor is a big of a douche
but he's trying to do better
Thor's friends are assholes
but they only have a small part
Tony Is a Good Bro
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Gets a Hug
Thor Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Loki & Thor

