Chapter 1: Waiter
    




Chapter Text
"Food?" That was all Tony had to say to Peter. I mean, the kid was never not hungry. Sometimes Tony feared that May not knowing about the whole, Spider-Man and the advanced metabolism thing would cause the boy to be underfed so instead Tony make him get more than enough food every time they were together.
Like today for instance. Tony was busy working on a project with Peter's help. Tony would have been fine to sit there all day working but a barely audible rumble from Peter's stomach told him the boy would not. He knew Peter would never mention that he was hungry and that it was up to Tony to make sure the boy didn't starve.
He decided to wait a few minutes so that Tony wouldn't embarrass the boy before turning to him and asked if he wanted food. Peter immediately nodded, relieved at the concept of food.
They made their way down to a small cafe that was close by. The place was crowded and the staff were run off their feet. Because of this, it took them a while to get around to taking their orders.
"I'm going to head to the toilets, could you order for me if they come around?" Peter asked as he stood from the table. Tony nodded and the boy left.
A minute or two later a waiter finally made his way around to the table. "Hi Sir, sorry about the wait, what can I get you?"
"I'm going to order for the both of us, if you don't mind." Tony said as the waiter nodded. "I'll just have a grilled cheese sandwich and an espresso please." Tony paused as he waited for the waiter to write it down.
"And for your son sir?" The waiter asked just as Peter returned to the table.
Immediatly the pair of them started stuttering and dening that they were related. "Oh.. no, he's not, I'm not...""No, I'm... just his.. um.. his..."
"He's my intern." Tony finally said.
"Oh, sorry, my bad." The waiter said. "It's just you look quite alike, you could be related." The waiter said with a small laugh. "Anyway, what can I get you?" He asked looking a Peter.
Peter answered and as the waiter left thing at the table got... awkward to say the least. Neither of them really knew where to look or what to say to one another.
In order to break the silence, Tony grinned at him and asked. "Do you think we look alike?"
Peter grinned at him. "You wish you looked like me." He answered mischievously.
Tony leaned over and playfully hit his head. "Less of the cheek boy or else I'll eat your food." He said pretending to be dead serious.
Peter gasped dramatically. "Mr Stark, you wouldn't dare, then what would I eat?" He asked him holding his chest in disbelief.
"Do we look alike though?" Peter asked thinking hard trying to picture himself beside Tony.
"Must be the sunglasses." Tony grinned.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Parent Tony Stark
Family Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Domestic Avengers
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Light-Hearted
Happy

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

