Chapter 1: Feeling "Right"
    




Chapter Text
 
1.
Peter limps into the kitchen, leaning heavily on his crutches, overwhelmed by the smell of pancakes and waffles. His mouth waters, and he smiles as he spots Quentin plating up. He may not remember his husband or this stunning cabin in their forest that’s their home, but this feels right. Watching his husband cook up a storm on a lazy Saturday morning as sunlight streams in through the window feels right.
“Peter!” Beck scolds as soon as he sees him, abandoning the stove in favour of scooping Peter up into his arms. “You did the stairs alone? I told you: just call me and I’ll carry you. I don’t want you putting any pressure on that leg, god, are you trying to kill me?” He mutters, setting Peter down into one of the hand carved seats at the oak dining table.
Peter grins, licking his lips. “But everything smelt so good I couldn’t wait.”
Beck chuckles at that, and starts bringing plates to the table. “It’s a good thing you’ve got an appetite. Means you’re healing, baby.”
Baby. That feels right too, Peter thinks. His temple is still pretty badly bruised- splotches of purple and red from the accident, and he still can’t remember a thing, but being here with Beck feels right. Most of the time. Like the sunlight streaming in, or the way those big hands and muscled arms can lift him easily. How right they feel pressing into his skin. It’s like his body knows the touch of an older, stronger man. Beck feels right. The sunlight streaming in, all gold and beautiful, feels right.
Other things feel…less right. Peter tries not to think about that. He remembers what the nurse said; that he could get confused. That for some reason when he’d first seen their gorgeous wood cabin, he’d been surprised there weren’t more…modern finishings. He was surprised at the handcrafted furniture and the lack of smooth, sleek design.

 
He doesn’t know why.
He pushes it away for now, because Beck is his husband and Peter never thought he would be loved by someone so much. But Beck has been by his side the whole time- when he woke up in the hospital, and since then. Never leaving him. Patiently going through all their photos- wedding photos with a laughing May, honeymoon pictures- candids from hikes and trails. Beck’s been there- carrying him from room to room- rubbing cream into all of his aches and pains and answering every endless stream of questions Peter has.
Peter can see why he married Beck. He’s always had a thing for older guys, and Beck is gorgeous. A little part of Peter marvels at the fact that they’re married. That the gold band on his finger is all his. Beck is kind and sweet and-
“Sliced strawberries with pancakes,” Beck presents with a flourish, pressing a kiss onto Peter’s curls as he sets it down. “Your favourite.”
Is it his favourite? Peter doesn’t know, but he digs in ravenously because he is starving. Beck sits opposite him, just watching. He does that a lot. Peter finds it a little unnverving, but he doesn’t comment on it. He supposes he’d be pretty worried too, if his husband had been in a car accident. That’s probably the reason for all Beck’s hovering. He’s scared he could lose Peter again.
That makes his heart flutter a little. To be cared about so much.
“Here, drink your smoothie,” Beck urges, nudging the glass closer to Peter once he’s done devouring his stack of pancakes.
Peter does, and Beck gets this little gleam in his eye. Like he’s proud and pleased Peter’s doing what he says. That’s a little weird too, but- like the nurse said- his mind will play tricks on him. “It looks nice out,” Peter says, after gulping down half the glass of raspberry and banana. “We could go for a walk, maybe? Well, I’ll be in the wheelchair, but-“
Beck looks fond and he nods easily, nudging forward yet another plate. This one is more strawberries, all coated in melted chocolate. “If you want, baby, sure. Then I’ll run you a bath, you must be sore.”
Peter almost vibrates at the idea of submerging into hot, steaming water, and he nods eagerly, lips smacking around the melted chocolate as he sucks it off noisily.
Beck’s eyes, vividly green as they are, are stuck to Peter’s lips, and he blushes furiously.
“Sorry,” Beck grins; unabashed. “But you are a little minx, Peter Beck.”
He giggles at that, shaking his head. They haven’t done anything in the week he’s been back, because it hasn’t felt right. But Beck’s been so sweet, so supportive- he makes Peter feel sexy despite all these bruises and his clumsiness and his lack of memory.
Seeing Peter B labelled on his wrist in the hospital had felt right.
Incomplete, maybe.
But mostly right.
“C’mon then, gorgeous,” Beck sighs once Peter’s done, “let’s get you changed and go outside.”
***The forest around their home is beautiful.
The leaves dance in the gentle breeze and it’s just green, green, green as far as the eye can see. It’s gorgeous. The muddy woodland trails, the squirrels that chase each other up moss-covered bark, and the dandelions th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Amnesia fic
Mistaken Identity
tagging nonconn because peter consents to beck thinking he's his husband
Bottom Peter
possessive beck
obsessed beck
protective beck
Protective Tony
Starker
spiderio
Happy Ending
Kidnapping
Lies and Deceit

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

