Chapter 1: Son of Lady Hecate
    




Chapter Text

Son of Lady Hecate 

Hecate goddess of magic, ghosts, doorways, and the moon watches protectively over her latest demigod child as he sleeps fitfully in his golden crib. She does not blame her Hadrian for his night terrors. They have both had a rough night but they’ve both survived despite all mortal logic. As usual, she is grateful to not be mortal. Her latest mortal form was just murdered by an idiotic madman who she once foolishly saw as a mentor. 

Her latest nymph husband, James Potter, the father of her newest child, was murdered in battle defending them shortly before her mortal death. Thankfully Hadrian is already strong enough to protect himself from mortal foes. In fact, he has already been hailed as the vanquisher of his parents' murderer even if the identity of the said murderer is wrong in the official reports. There is no doubt in her mind that her son will grow well into his Godhood. When he does he will be a powerful God in his own right. Especially with the worshipers he already has across the English Isles.

Hadrian's father, James Potter, was unknowingly the son of two demigods. Charles Potter son of Hermes and Dora Potter nee Black daughter of Poseidon. Both the late Dora and Charles Potter were blood adopted by mortals to protect them and to help continue two of Britain’s most prominent magical family lines. Sadly they were both struck with infidelity curses during their school days. Thankfully there are ways around such things. 

By the Greek ritual James parents used to conceive their child he was born a water nymph. Something he was somehow completely ignorant about up until his death. She has never claimed to have the best taste in men. Their son, Hadrian, caries powers from multiple gods and immense magic all while maintaining the pure aristocratic blood and appearance of his family’s lines. He’ll need to be trained by the best if he is to survive. 

“What now?” King Poseidon asks after the three men have gathered all of her, James, and Hadrian's effects and personal belongings from the destroyed cottage. 

“He's not safe here.” She says absentmindedly stroking Hadrian's raven hair as she thinks of a solution. 

“What do you mean?” King Poseidon asks looking from her to his Grandson in worry.  

“A prophecy exists foretelling Hadrian's victory over the current Dark Lord. That man who abandoned my son on Petunia's doorstep is the one referenced. Ironically it is he who enforces the prophecy’s validity believing it to pertain to his enemy. I would storm the ministry and explain things, however, we currently have less influence here in Britain than in the Americas. I have considered bringing Hadrian to America, however doing so before he's old enough to defend himself is too risky,” Lady Hecate explains with a sigh lovingly tracing her son's sowilo rune birthmark as his sobs slowly begin to subside once again.

“Aren't we going to take him to Olympus or at least to one of the demigod camps?” Hermes asks confused plopping down and straddling her former kitchen chair. “He would be safest among others similar to himself.”

“Unless we confine him to one of those locations it will be of little use.” Lord Thanatos explains “Even doing so would risk his health as he will do anything to escape once he realizes he is confined.” 

“What else does his soul predict of him?” She asks looking up to her perhaps oldest and dearest friend. As the Greek and Roman God of death, Lord Thanatos’s ability to read a soul is unparalleled by any other Greek or Roman God or Goddess.

“His soul is one of an adventurer, a traveler, a wanderer, and a warrior. He will search for freedom at any cost.” Lord Thanatos explains to them before tacking on. “He also holds a deep instinctive love for the sea and for the stars.”

“It sounds like he’d be happiest as a sailor or a pirate,” Hermes concludes looking to his grandson deep in thought.

“I believe you are right old friend. Ah, but the golden age of sailing and piracy has long since passed us.” King Poseidon laminates.

They all look up at Lord Thanatos's sharp gasp. 

“What?” Lady Hecate asks worriedly while she cards her fingers through Hadrian's raven locks hoping to calm him.

“He’s to be my Master.” Lord Thanatos rasps out shocked.

“I thought you already met your fated Master?” King Poseidon asks leaning forward confused. 

“He was one of my favorite pirate’s before becoming a stuffy aristocrat.” Hermes tacks on jokingly. “Not that that's stopped him from being my favorite. The aristocrat gig seems to be more of a cover for something if you know where to look.” 

“I have met him, He is a sailor, a vigilante, and a pirate, but it seems he was not born until now.” Lord Thanatos says confused staring at Hadrian wide-eyed seemingly studying his soul. Suddenly he rears back as though in shock once more.

“What now?” Lady Hecate asks growing tired of being shocked by her newest son but feeling it will be a common oc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Crack Treated Seriously
Don’t copy to another site
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Slow Burn
Growing Up Together
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Timeline Shenanigans
1990's
Ravenclaw Harry Potter
Good Loki (Marvel)
Avengers Family
SHIELD Academy
Avenger Harry Potter
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
1970's
Slytherin Harry Potter
Marauders Era (Harry Potter)
Black Family-centric (Harry Potter)
The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Harry Potter is the Heir to the House of Black
Unspeakable Harry Potter
17th Century
Pirates
Young Jack Sparrow
Black Pearl (Pirates of the Caribbean) - Freeform
Flying Dutchman (Pirates of the Caribbean) - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Order of the Phoenix Bashing
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Awesome Frigga (Marvel)
Protective Frigga (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

