Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter remembers little of the battle.
He wakes surrounded by Dr. Strange and the Guardians. Stephen doesn't say much to the questions both Peter's throw his way.
There's no Tony. No blue woman. He mentions years having passed and needing to fight.
He opens one portal to a sanctuary and starts to summon the world's sorcerers to his aid. The sky glimmers in orange and he flips through into what looks like the aftermath of a battle, but he soon finds to only be the start of one.
The first thing he does is search for Tony. It's been minutes since they'd last seen each other, but he wants to see him anyway. To know he's okay.
Once he finally lands in front of him, rambling on about something he couldn't remember later, there's something in his expression that Peter can't quite place. Tony hugs him.
It's all he needs to motivate him to keep on fighting. Tony's alive, the rest will sort itself.
He's fighting creatures left and right, he's surrounded by superheroes of all sorts; some he knows, most he doesn't.
Suddenly he has the gauntlet with six infinity stones latched onto it in his arms. Everyone tries to help him along, he webs himself to Mjolnir, Pepper carries him some distance, and he flies on a pegasus (does it have a name? He's going to ask once this is over.)
He's scared. It's a lot of responsibility in his hands and he's way in over his head.
He hands it off to Carol and she flies off with it surrounded by heroes. He returns to fighting; they're all much more capable than he is. She'll see it safe.
The entire ordeal lasts twenty or thirty minutes, he thinks in retrospect. But in the end, it feels like days.
There's a sound that echoes across the battlefield.
Snap.
He turns and there's Tony, slumped against debris with his right hand glowing. His heart drops. Faster than he's ever moved he swings his way to his side. Rhodey steps back and he kneels in the spot he freed up in front of Tony.
He cries and begs and is forced to listen as his heart slows. And stops.
Pepper gives him a final kiss and stands. Rhodey carries Tony off the battlefield. She hesitates to follow after him, glancing back at Peter.
"You should go," he croaks.
She leaves.
Peter falls to his knees and crawls to the space where Tony had let out his last breath. Where he'd saved the world. He leans against the debris and cries into his hands. Someone sits beside him; he doesn't know who it is, because he doesn't look up. An arm wraps around his shoulders and he sobs and sobs.
Everything is quieter than it was minutes earlier, but it's far from quiet. He hears crunching rocks as people walk along, heartbeats that are pacing with adrenaline, soft tears of a sister reuniting with her brother, two best friends finally getting a moment to breathe, friends and family getting to see each other after seconds for some, years for others.
He wakes up a couple of hours later on a sofa. He sits up slowly; his body is sore and his suit is gone. He's in the t-shirt and jeans he'd been wearing to his field trip all that time ago. There's a red blanket on him that actually turns out to be a cloak. It flutters and flies out of the room.
He stares around in wonder. It's a cottage, of sorts. Wooden walls, rustic looking, with odd bits of high-tech equipment scattered around. Alarm system, cameras, a TV that probably gets cable though they're in the middle of nowhere. There's flowing water in the distance and chirping birds and scuttering critters. The air is clean and he knows he isn't in New York City.
Standing takes a second, but he drags himself off the sofa and walks in the direction the cloak had flown. Dr. Strange must be around.
Peter goes down a hall and approaches the sound of voices. He turns into a kitchen. Rhodey is there, with Dr. Strange (with his cloak across his shoulders once more), Steve, and Bruce. He's fairly certain it's Bruce; he's bigger and a little more green, but the clothes and the face are still recognizable. His arm is in a sling. They're all standing around the kitchen island and talking.
They quiet and look at him.
"Hi, Peter," Rhodey says.
He's heard more about Rhodey than he's had chances to actually meet him, but it goes both ways and there's still comfort in a relationship by association.
"Hi," he says shortly. "Where are we?"
"This is Pepper and Tony's new place. You've been out for a couple of hours. Pepper's dealing with things at the medical center. There are some... decisions that need to be made," Rhodey explains gently.
"Right." Peter already knew Tony wasn't coming home. He thinks about something else, to keep from crying again. "Can I borrow a phone?"
"Sure, here you go." Bruce pulls one from his pocket. "You were his intern, is that right?"
"Yeah, I... I am. I was. That's me."
Peter steps closer to take it, and glances at the table. In front of Stephen, set on the table, is a fancy box with gold trimmings. It's open and on a lining of black cushion are the six infinity stones.
"We're gett
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
IronDad and SpiderSon
ironfam
Time Travel Fix-It
Post-Canon Fix-It
endgame spoilers
No Major Character Death
this is a fix-it yall
a lot of fluff
angst but like
in moderation?
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
He desperately needs a hug from irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
tags to be added as the story goes on
no May Parker erasure but this is mostly Irondad
BAMF Peter Parker
But also he's a mess
people die but they come back alive
SO
Character Death
Pepperony - Freeform
ironkids

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

