Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was a warm, sunny midday, therefore perfect for a quick after-mission nap. Your nap time was a sacred time and anyone violating it was asking for trouble - the inhabitants of the Stark Tower learnt that early enough to avoid any major trouble once you moved in and joined the team.
Well, that wasn’t exactly accurate. You helped them occasionally, usually whenever one of the Avengers managed to drag you into a mission. It was still better than paying rent, though.
Having all of that in mind, it was even more unusual to hear such a loud argument, coming, probably, from the kitchen. It was truly surprising, given the amount of potential harm kitchen utensils could cause, had the argument become too heated. All arguments were usually held in safer rooms, far enough from your usual nap place so you wouldn’t have to join.
Curious, you didn’t put much focus on being angry, and instead chose to shuffle into said kitchen. If not to watch the whole thing burn, then at least in order to have a snack before there was a body to hide. The odor of death had a terrible influence on food.
Who would have guessed that Tony Stark could look hot even barefoot and in stained sweatpants, standing in the middle of the kitchen, arguing his lungs out with Steve? You shot him a very appreciating look. That was exactly when you made eye contact with the person patiently standing on the other side of the counter, handcuffed, and visibly annoyed. A very familiar face raised an eyebrow at you.
“Anyone care to tell me what Loki is doing in our kitchen?” you asked, facing Tony and Steve again.
Tony pointed at you with a victorious glare. “Excellent question! But I’m afraid I have to settle a few things first, starting with the fact that this is MY kitchen, and the Tower is also mine, not that anyone here cares about legal formalities, as we can see. That’s a shame, because it would make my point a lot easier with explaining to all of you, that if I don’t want someone here, in MY Tower and MY kitchen, I have every right to declare so.”
“We have no other place to put him in,” Steve said calmly, although there was a certain strain to his voice, as if using all of his patience to remain calm. “No other place in New York has better surveillance system than this tower, and none of it is prepared to hold something like him in.”
“Now you’re taking things out of context, because Banner was the sole reason for all of that, not something like-”
“The reason doesn’t really matter in this particular case, because we have no other solution…”
“There are prisons.”
“Tony, we’ve already been over the brainwashing part of his biography.”
Forgotten, you took some chips from a shelf. Spicy. Your favourite.
You offered some to Loki. Your eyes fell on the gag between his lips. “Oopsie. Sorry. How long have they been like this, by the way?”
Loki shook his head in what was probably meant to mean ‘some time already, and would probably go on for some more’. You agreed with him.
You stuffed your mouth with more chips. “Can’t you, like, get over it already?”
“We will be over it when HE is somewhere else.” Tony was breathing heavily.
“The Tower is literally the best place to keep him in, though.”
“He’s killed people!”
“We all have. Casualties are inevitable in our line of work.”
“He’s killed GOOD people!”
You picked something from between your teeth. “Tony, you remember that time when I had a contract on you and put two bullets in your ass?”
“That’s irrelevant. We didn’t know each other then, and besides, I got you a better paid contract, on your employer, yes, but that has nothing to do-”
“I killed people, Tony. And you welcomed me here.”
You held his gaze, heavy with rage and betrayal. You would feel worse about it, had it not been for his own good. The topic of Loki’s future had been the cause of many heated discussions in the past few weeks, and it’s already been settled on letting him stay in the Tower for some time. Now that he’s actually been brought in, new energy seemed to flow into Tony, unfortunately without new arguments against it.
He has been beaten and he knew it.
“If he murders someone, it’s gonna be on you,” he pointed at you before leaving the kitchen.
Steve sighed deeply, exhausted to the core. His conscience hasn’t been the happiest about the choice the Avengers made together either, but he knew it was the only solution.
You turned to Loki. “Welcome to the Tower.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Character(s)/Reader
Loki/Reader
Loki/you

freeform: 
Stark Tower
Everyone Is Alive
Humor
Comedy
Slow Burn
No Angst
enemies to idiots to lovers
Banter
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Found Family
reader has no specified gender
tagged Mature because of some smut in later chapters

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Character(s)/Reader
Loki/Reader
Loki/you

