Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Coulson and May would later conclude that everything was so quiet that something had to have been brewing. To be perfectly honest, the two seasoned agents had enough instinct even before it happened to know that something was about to go down. To know to make sure the base had some extra supplies, and everyone got just that bit more sleep that would extend how long they could last in a crisis. When the something happened however, it was so beyond anything that either agents could have begun to predict that they may as well have seen nothing at all coming. It started mid-afternoon, when the Playground perimeter alarms sounded, alerting the base to an intruder. Or more accurately, to the disabling of a sensor at the perimeter. By the time they actually found the two intruders, they were inside the base. It was also unfortunately Coulson and May who found them, leading to May biting off a Chinese curse word and Coulson letting several fly. The Black Widow and Hawkeye just glared at the pair. “It’s true then.” Natasha Romanoff said bluntly, while her partner just glared. “I’ll tell Daisy to switch off the alarms.” May said, and walked off, shooting a look at Coulson as she passed. Coulson sighed, he knew May more than well enough to translate that non-expression as ‘You should have listened to me’. At least it wasn’t ‘I told you so.’ “Why don’t you come to my office” He offered the spies. Clint gave him a glare that couldn’t quite hide the hurt on his face, and Natasha just inclined her head, face blanker than May’s. Coulson resisted the urge to sigh. This was going to be interesting. The Playground was eerily empty as he led the way to his office, most of the agents all still involved in the search. Bobbi and Hunter gave them startled expressions as they passed, but must have seen May already because they didn’t stop. All too soon the door was closing with a sharp click behind the trio, and Phil turned to face the two agents he had once almost been a father-figure to. Neither spoke. Coulson hadn’t seen Natasha this blank since they brought her in, over twenty years ago now. “There was good reason not to tell you.” He said. Natasha snorted scornfully but didn’t speak. Clint’s glare tried to burn a hole through a spot in the wall about two inches left of Phil’s face. “You let us believe you died” Clint snarled. “I did die.” Coulson said. Natasha’s eyes flashed. “You’re looking very healthy for a dead man” “Fury sent me to a project called T.A.H.I.T.I. They brought me back to life.” “When?” Clint asked, and Coulson could hear the plea in the archer’s voice. The plea to say it was only a couple of weeks ago, that they had been about to read Strike Team Delta in. “Two years ago.” Phil said. “Then WHY” Clint exploded, the sudden shout echoing around Coulson’s office. “Because we weren’t sure he would stay alive.” May’s cool voice stated from behind him, and Coulson tried not to jump, tried not to let on that he’d had no idea his second was back. The anger drained from Clint’s face, and his panicked eyes swept Coulson up and down. “Are you saying you could still die?” Coulson shook his head hastily, and with a sigh, began to read the spies in on T.A.H.I.T.I. and the effects it had had on those who had previously been put through it, and how they had dealt with that by finding the hidden city. He skimmed through the details on Daisy, saying only that one of their agents had their genetics changed down in the city, and explaining even more briefly about the inhumans and the fight their leaders had started and lost. “So you could have told us two months ago” Natasha stated when he was done, her voice biting. “I was waiting for a good time” Coulson said weakly. Natasha opened her mouth to say what would doubtlessly have been something bitingly sarcastic when the assassin froze, every muscle in her body stilling in a split-second even as the colour drained like water from her face. Coulson was spinning, adrenaline shooting through his body before he could even properly process that if the Black Widow was that scared of a threat, there was nothing he was going to be able to do about it. Except there was no threat behind him, only Daisy, who offered him a cheerful grin and “Fitz, Mack and I have fixed the perimeter alarms, and rigged them to be a decent bit harder to take down next time. Oh, and I’ve delayed Koenig from insisting on lanyards...” her voice trailed off as she felt the atmosphere in the room. “Is everything ok? May said to report once we’d secured the base?” She looked round the room again, taking in the way Coulson, May and Hawkeye (and Daisy was so proud of her self control not to be squealing just then) were looking at the red-haired woman in confusion, and then her gaze froze on the red-head herself, caught in the way the woman was looking at her as though she’d seen a ghost. “Pauchok?” Natasha choked, the word barely a whisper as her body moved forwards without her conscious dir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
mom!Natasha Romanov
Dad!Coulson
mom!May
Family
foundFamily
Past Child Abuse
Fluff and Angst
lots of fluff
Team as Family
Skye | Daisy Johnson Feels
Protective Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Feels
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Skye | Daisy Johnson Needs a Hug
Hurt Skye | Daisy Johnson
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Protective Phil Coulson
Parent Melinda May
Protective Melinda May
Strike Team Delta
Parent Phil Coulson
Parent Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

