Work Text:
A whole bouquet worth of flowers ends up on their bed the night of the wedding, the colours almost sombre.“Well,” Steve says and stops unbuttoning his shirt, “I guess we married for nothing.”He leaves the room, careful not to touch any of the petals, not looking back when Tony’s breathing becomes laboured.There is nothing he could do anyway. Love cannot be forced, not even for a dying man. 
 Tony is a special case. Once he is old enough to realize that, it does not even surprise him anymore. Starks are always held to a different standard.His mother takes him to a doctor when he develops breathing problems at just five years old. The inhaler does not help but being away from Howard does.He is eight the first time he coughs up a flower. It is the day he finally begins believing his father when he says that someone as brilliant as Captain America could never love someone as pathetic as Tony.Tony knows what is happening, but he is not yet cynical enough to laugh about it. Instead, he locks himself into his room and cries, cradling the perfect blue forget-me-not.People have always been saying he is special. He just did not think that would mean he would die from unrequited love for a dead man. 
 Tony turns ten and physicians call him a miracle. He turns twelve and fifteen and eighteen, and people call him an abomination.His lungs do not get progressively worse. Some days he can barely breathe, choking up flowers of every colour. Some days his throat barely scratches.Once he moves out of the mansion, Tony almost feels like a normal boy, not meant to wither before he has managed to grow roots. It is the little things that throw him back; nightmares or anniversaries or articles about World War II. Sometimes the American flag is enough to steal the air from his lungs.He does not make sense. His chest is growing ever tighter, but he fights it. He gives up just as often but this disease has never been about what he wants.Tony has always been Death’s favoured child. It is life that does not seem to know what to do with him. 
 The day they find Captain America in the ice, the air has never tasted sweeter. Tony feels like soaring, only marginally worrying about the crash. His heart beats strongly, pushing enough oxygen through his veins that he has the energy to smile, to hope.The next morning, he reads an article in the newspaper, showing a picture of Howard and the Captain shaking hands. Howard is staring directly at the camera. His smile is happy enough, but his eyes seem to look at Tony alone, holding the familiar disdain.This is not for you, he seems to say, and while Tony’s brain fights that thought, his lungs feel already on the verge of collapsing.If only Tony could have gotten there before Howard. If only he could have managed to make his own first impression. Howard likes to say that Tony ruins everything he touches. This time, it seems, he will not even be allowed to touch.Well, he is equally good at ruining himself. And it would be a shame for all that practice to go to waste. 
 “That is one hell of a favour, Howard.”Tony does not mean to eavesdrop, but Captain America is in their house, and the physical need to catch a glimpse or at least to hear his voice is overwhelming. He has been wheezing all evening, unable to get enough air into his lungs. He is so used to the lack of oxygen that it is the easiest thing in the world to hold his breath as he lingers outside his father’s office.“I know, and I wouldn’t ask if –” That is Howard. Tony would know his voice anywhere, if not this tone. It holds the usual annoyance it does when it comes to discussing Tony, but it is also so much gentler than Tony has ever heard it.“He’s your son, I know.”  Captain America sighs. Nothing good has ever come of people reminding Howard that he is related to Tony.“It’s more of a hero worship thing anyway,” Howard scoffs, as if it is nothing. “This has been going on forever. But it’s getting worse lately.”Captain America hums, and Tony wishes he could see his face, just to know how bad the contempt is. “Since you found me.”Tony thinks of finding out that Captain America has been found alongside the rest of the public, although his father must have known. He thinks of all the mornings spent wheezing and clawing at his chest, and that he cannot get to the second floor of the mansion without taking a break halfway up.It is getting worse, indeed. Even now, he feels his insides congealing and spreading roots locking his diaphragm in place.“He is the reason I never stopped looking,” Howard says, revealing the only reason he suffered Tony’s antics at all. “It meant you couldn’t be dead, yes?”A long moment of silence follows, in which Tony wants nothing more than to sneak forward and catch a glance. He does not know exactly what favour Howard is asking for, but it cannot be good, it never is when it involves Tony.“I’ll talk to him tomorrow,” Captain America finally says but sounds like a man sent to his execution.It is funny, how 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Man Bingo 2019
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Hanahaki Disease
Unrequited Love
Sick Tony Stark
steve is an ass
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Arranged Marriage
Forced Marriage
Angst
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

