Work Text:
On his first patrol since the defeat of Thanos six weeks ago, Peter sustains multiple injuries.Tony distinctly remembers the time the kid punctured a lung after toppling from a rooftop and into a dumpster after his webbing ran out. Then there was the time that a would-be bank robber got lucky and managed to stab Peter through the thigh, leaving a six-inch blade sticking out of him like a cocktail stick.Yeah,  that  had been a fun night.He’d been pretty beaten up during the final battle too. Not that Tony saw much of him in the aftermath, what with being all kinds of wrecked and ruined himself. Still, a fleeting and blurry glimpse of Peter’s battered and bloody face had been enough to tell Ton that the kid wasn’t in great shape.Peter had come to visit him two days later, gazing forlornly at the empty space where Tony’s right arm used to be and holding himself shyly, looking like he would rather be anywhere else. Tony, dozy and full of the seriously good stuff, had blinked sleepily at him, unable to touch him on account of his remaining arm being wrapped around a sleeping Morgan, and tried to offer slurred reassurances which only seemed to make the kid tuck further in on himself.In the hazy fog of his early recovery, Tony couldn’t dwell on it too much. It took two weeks before he was able to stay awake for more than three hours at a time, let alone retain the seemingly endless list of things that people told him. He remembers asking for the kid a few times and being told that he was back in Queens with May. Chalking the lack of visits up to the kid adjusting to life, Tony had let it go, hopeful and confident that Peter would come to him when he was ready.He designed and built a replacement arm during the third week after busting out of the medbay with Nebula’s help. By the fourth week, he was fully back on his feet and eager to get started on living the life he had dreamt of for five years; one where they were all together, one where the pictures on the shelves in the cabin weren’t a turbulent reminder of all that had been, of all that could have been.One where Peter was  alive. So it was concerning when each call he made to Peter went unanswered, when each text message was responded to with lame excuses. It became upsetting when all his requests for the kid to come and visit were ignored. And now? It was downright hurtful.Because Peter was hurt and Tony hadn’t been the first to know about it.Three cracked ribs, a broken wrist and a heavy blow to the head, along with multiple cuts and bruises.Not so bad as Spider-Man injuries go.So why is he driving like an absolute maniac towards the tower (a hastily repurchased tower to stand in place of the decimated compound) with a roiling churn of something bitter and painful in his stomach.  Because before, Peter would always call him. Always.This time though…The kid called Happy instead. 
 Tony arrives in a squeal of breaks and wastes no time in racing to the medical wing of the tower, only pausing when he encounters Happy emerging from one of the rooms.''Easy, boss,'' Happy says, putting out a hand to halt Tony. ''He’s on the heavy stuff so he’s, ah…'' a fond smile crosses Happy’s face and Tony feels an irrational hot burst of anger at the sight, ''he’s a bit loopy.''''Yeah, I know what the kid gets like when he’s on painkillers,'' Tony snaps and Happy flinches, a shadow of hurt appearing on his face that immediately fills Tony with regret. ''Sorry, sorry.''Happy, decent and loyal Happy, claps a hand on his shoulder and gives him a nod before stepping aside. Tony wastes no time in opening the door and hurrying into the room. He rapidly takes in the sterile whiteness, the beeping of a heart monitor and the nose-wrinkling scent of  hospital  before his eyes land on Peter.The kid is propped up in the bed, looking all kinds of terrible. His arm is in a cast and there’s a large gash across his left cheek. He’s holding himself a little stiffly, back arched up slightly to ease the tension on his ribs which suggests that the meds aren’t  quite doing the trick, and there’s a glazed look to his eyes. However, the doziness is quickly replaced with wide-eyed surprise when the kid catches sight of Tony standing in the doorway.The fact that he looks  so surprised stings.It stings a lot.''Hey there, kiddo,'' Tony says gently, instinctively smiling at the kid, so happy to see him despite the circumstances, despite the fact that, as far as he can tell, Peter doesn’t actually want him here.He’d called Happy, after all.Tony sidles up to the side of the bed, ignoring the increasing tempo of the heart monitor as he does so. ''Happy tells me you took a tumble earlier. Looks like the floor got you good, huh? Tell me which street and I’ll go and kick its ass for you.''The attempt at levity falls flat as Peter doesn’t laugh or even smile; instead he stares at Tony, reserved and timid in a way that Tony doesn’t like, at all.''Pete?''To his horror, Peter’s lip trembles and he turns h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Platonic Cuddling
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Father-Son Relationship
also starring the hello kitty pants
does this count as whump?
Sad Peter Parker
But Tony Makes It Better
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

