Work Text:
 Barnes has to relearn how to sleep. It’s not as weird as it sounds. Or at least, Tony doesn’t think so.See, he’s well aware of what’s it like to struggle to do it. Tony practically runs Insomniacs Anonymous which is a given, really; the last time he’s gotten a full, satisfying night’s sleep was probably in the womb. Not that he doesn’t try. He does.But Tony’s read somewhere that sleep requires peace, and he doesn’t think that’s something either of them has, all things considered, so he doesn’t have his hopes set too high.He fakes it well enough though if only to get that worried look off everyone’s face: Pepper will try and send him to a therapist again, Rhodey will get that disappointed sad look, Peter will physically restrain himself from tagging Tony in memes in the middle of the night which will just result in a barrage come morning, and Happy will grumble about driving him around at odd hours but won’t mean a word of it as he glances back and forth between the rear-view and the road which probably isn’t safe so Tony’s really doing this for them.Friday won’t tell. Yet.He’s got an agreement from his youngest that if the lack of sleep starts to be detrimental, she’ll pump the brakes – no ifs, buts or whys about it. And so far, she must be satisfied.It isn’t like Tony doesn’t sleep, period. He just…doesn’t do it continuously. He catnaps and takes short snoozes, and can reboot and reload, so to speak, in the span of forty-five minutes. It’s efficient. It’s how he’s learned to get his rest. No one’s complained of sleep-deprived crankiness or exhaustion fuelled temper tantrums – which is not something to be said for Barnes.Tony doesn’t ask how sleep worked while Barnes was up and about in Wakanda, but the answer he’s going to go with is Not.Barnes is, after all – at this very moment – threatening to disembowel Barton with a spoon.Which Tony, for one, would love to see.  You know. For science. Except he can’t even casually approve because Rhodey isn’t here and Carol will literally blast them to cinders, and Tony has to be the grown-up the room. “Alright, alright, I think he gets the picture, Boo Bun,” Tony interjects, putting himself between them because no one else will. Romanoff isn’t an idiot, even for Barton’s safety, Rogers hasn’t been able to look Barnes in the eye since the defrost, and Tony suspects Wilson wants to see the disembowelment.It’s tragic that the lot of them qualify for a team referred to as Earth’s Mightiest. Tony’s embarrassed for them all.Barnes snaps his teeth in response, and Tony resists the urge to grab a spray bottle and start squirting. “C’mon, enough of that,” he insists, leading Barnes backward by the shoulders. “You’re only angry because you’re tired.”“I’m always angry,” he scowls, glaring over Tony’s head. Rolling his eyes, Tony echoes, “Whatever you say, Winter Hulk.”It isn’t the first fight he’s had to break up since the Rogues’ return.It’s just a miracle that Barnes goes along with being torn from what would clearly bring him great joy – he’s said it himself, and it should say something that Barnes had been talking about Barton’s murder at the time.In his defense, being around Barton generally inspires feelings of murder, so Tony’ll give him a pass.At least Barnes takes the separation with as much grace as he can spare with the obvious sleep deprivation.Considering that with the Rogues’ return, Princess Shuri had thrust a sealed box at Tony and declared Barnes to be insufferable before launching into an argument marked with a series of growls from her opponent, Tony had expected worse.His isiXhosa isn’t great, but Barnes had no qualms about shit-talking a royal in her native tongue.Still, the princess and the Super Soldier had exchanged a reluctant goodbye before Tony had been warned to “take care of him, colonizer”, so Tony’s going to take the box for the gift it is.Except Barnes didn’t want the drugs the box contained.“They make my head hurt,” was the only response Barnes had given him before skulking away like he’d been kicked in the stomach which was honestly so many levels of unfair because Tony was really trying to be nice to him, okay? It’s been a year since The Incident, and Tony knows the whole thing with the Bunker was shitty for them both. Now that everything is supposedly good with them – apologies were made, forgiveness was had – Tony had hoped that they could at the very least, be okay.It’s not an expectation he’s just throwing out there too. The Rogues are, by and large, never going to be allowed into the East Wing of the Compound unless the actual apocalypse happens – which, with the way Tony and the rest of New Avengers are working overtime, is not going to happen on their watch. So, Rogers can take his shitty half-ass apology and shove it so far up his own ass that he can taste it every time he swallows.Anyway, Tony had had to find other ways to ensure Barnes sleeps. If only to make sure Barton is still breathing by the time Carol comes back in a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War
not team Cap friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Insomnia
taking care of each other
Secret Caretaking
Cuddling
bed sharing
Friday makes Power Point presentations

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

