Work Text:
The comics are the worst.
"They're saying I'm, what, fifteen years old?" Bucky complains to anyone who'll listen. The Commandos have all heard it about a hundred times already, of course, but whenever they're back in London for a debriefing, someone manages to get a hold of the latest issue, and it sets him off all over again. He can't help himself.
"I rather like the outfit," Falsworth says with a wink.
"That ain't the point! I mean, a fuckin' kid trotting along at Cap's heels -- what the hell kinda army do they think we got out here?"
Like some scrawny teenager in tights and a domino mask would last five minutes on the front without pissing himself. Like anyone as wide-eyed and innocent as the Bucky in the comics could be trusted to watch Steve's back. Hell, Bucky didn't think he'd ever been that naive, even when he really was fifteen.
Fifteen in Brooklyn was dropping out of school so's he could pick up the day shift at the docks, 'cause his ma could only take in so much extra stitching and laundry and there were three younger kids at home needing to get fed occasionally. Fifteen was the winter Steve got his third round of pneumonia, the one they all thought would finally do him in, and Mrs. Rogers getting frailer and frailer from the TB herself. Fifteen was necking with red-haired Maggie in the back room of the drugstore her old man owned, letting the outside world and all its troubles melt away for just thirty goddamn minutes only to find it all still waiting to hobble him the moment his brain kicked back in. Fifteen was a growth spurt that left his bones aching and Steve staring up at him like he was someone else entirely. Fifteen was the feel of his knuckles splitting against Frank Hunter's teeth because Bucky almost never started the fights himself but he always, always finished them.
Fifteen was tougher and leaner and uglier than these stupid comics are ever gonna admit, and Bucky's never been the goddamn team mascot, all right?People have been treating them like a single unit since they were about seven or eight years old, steveandbucky, 'cause where one of 'em went, the other always followed. And mostly that was a good thing. It meant the boys at school were more likely to leave Steve alone, 'cause they knew tussling with him meant taking on Bucky, and Bucky fought dirty. It meant teachers who took a shine to Steve gave Bucky a little more leeway, too. It meant never being alone, not really, because Steve was there and it was like being part of something bigger than himself.
But thinking of them as steveandbucky feels like it's ignoring all the parts of their lives that don't wrap around each other, that never did. Steve went to advanced art classes in the city and painted signs for extra cash, while Bucky knew ten different markets that'd trade him extra meat or milk or bread in exchange for a favor or two. Bucky was the popular one, the one with pals on every street corner and in every bar; Steve's the one who fostered genuine, lifelong friendships with old lady Maloney upstairs and shy Betty Halloran from eighth grade English and that kid Willie who cruised the Navy Yard every Friday night. Steve spent hours at the pictures, whenever he could spare the quarter, while Bucky would rather waste his money riding the train down to Coney Island or up to Harlem or anywhere in between. Bucky's the one who could end a fight with a single knockout punch, and Steve's the one who couldn't tell a goddamned lie to save his life but somehow almost never lost a hand of poker.
Steve, just Steve, all on his own, is a better man than anyone else Bucky has ever known. 
And Bucky, just Bucky, all on his own, is--
--hell, he doesn't even know anymore.The more things change, the more they stay the same. Steve is Captain America, and Bucky is Sergeant Barnes, but still, if you wanna find one of 'em, you look for the other. That's just always how it's been. Sometimes, when Bucky's feeling perverse, he deliberately misdirects anyone asking for Steve, just to prove that they're not actually attached at the hip. But when Agent Carter corners him in the barracks shortly after the Commandos' third successful mission, Bucky doesn't even try to bullshit her.
"He's down in Stark's workshop playing with some new toys," Bucky tells her at once, resisting the urge to salute. Agent Carter's a hell of a dame.
Carter actually looks amused, which is new. "I'm not looking for Captain Rogers. I'm here for you, Sergeant. Colonel Phillips would like a word with you."
She escorts him to the Colonel's office, and takes a seat off to one side, clearly including herself in this little chat. Bucky remains standing at attention, wondering what the hell he's gotten himself into this time.
"You know, Barnes," Phillips says, blunt as ever, "when Rogers requested you for his team, I thought he was just being sentimental."
Bucky keeps his gaze fixed on a spot on the wall just to the left of the Colonel's ear. "He's always been a terrible 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
World War II
First Kiss
Friends to Lovers
Best Friends
war isn't pretty
the Winter Soldier started long before Bucky fell from the train

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

