Work Text:
Natasha says he’s being ridiculous, but she’s also trying out for the Olympic gymnastics team in, like, six months, so she’s been extra mean lately.
“I didn’t ask for your opinion,” Bucky tells her, snatching the CD out of her hand.
She looks at him, infuriatingly calm, one eyebrow raised. “Oh, Barnes, that’s exactly why I gave it to you.”
Natasha is one of those people Bucky hangs out with that everyone warns him about. The guys on the football team like to say she’s a sleeper agent, like the Cold War means anything to them other than the setting of Rocky movies they catch late night on Spike TV. It’s nicer than the things they say about Steve, though. Really, Bucky thinks it’s his teammates people should be warning him about.
But Natasha’s a lot nicer than people give her credit for. “Fine, I’ll drop it, but when you end up mooning over every hipster twink in college that plays in a shitty band, don’t come crying to me.”
Bucky throws his pen at her head.
 
***
 
Steve’s in a band with some guys he met in detention—Dum Dum Dugan, Dernier, Jim Morita, Monty Falsworth, and Gabe Jones. Their music isn’t exactly good (Dum Dum plays the banjo for fucks sake), but Bucky still shows up to every garage practice like some desperate groupie. It’s not like it’s a hardship or anything. Bucky likes spending time with Steve, even if that means hanging around his shitty band practice and interrupting to tell them that they’re all entirely off beat.
“You don’t have to,” Steve tells him, sounding brave and self-sacrificing and it would totally have a different effect if he weren’t a hundred pounds soaking wet and wrapped in layers of oversized flannel.
Out of the two of them, Bucky has always been the better liar. “It’s quieter here than at home with my sisters and my ma yelling at each other. Besides, I can’t actually focus without listening to someone swearing in French in the background.” This last part is unfortunately true. Dernier has a dirty mouth.
“Thanks, Buck. You’re our number one fan.” Steve’s smile is so sweet and genuine that it makes Bucky’s heart ache just a little looking at him. They’ve known each other since they were five, so there’s no reason for Steve to have this kind of effect on him, but every time Steve Rogers smiles, Bucky goes weak at the knees.
 
***
 
On Wednesday, Jessa Voorhees and Cassie Schneider finally stop giggling three tables over from Bucky in the library and come over to talk to him. They're cute, if not academically or athletically inclined, but so is Bucky’s littlest sister, so he doesn't really judge.
“Are you going to Peyton’s party this weekend?” Jessa asks, smoothing her hands over her ponytail. Cassie pokes her in the ribs and Jessa slaps her hands away.
Bucky actually has shit to do today instead of just killing time like usual, waiting to give Steve a ride home after art club. But, still, it never hurt to smile. “I’m afraid I’m not. I already made other plans.”
Both Cassie and Jessa’s shoulders drop. “More fun than a party?” Cassie asks.
“More fun than a party,” Bucky confirms. He gives them the smile that always makes Natasha elbow him in the ribs, and they swoon a little. “Sorry, ladies.”
“Maybe next time, then,” Jessa says, sounding a little heartbroken.
Cassie pokes her in the ribs again. “See you in English tomorrow, Bucky!”
They leave, then, fortunately out of the library instead of where they were sitting before. Now he might actually be able to get a head start on his history essay.
 
***
 
“Cassie Schneider says you have a girlfriend,” Natasha dutifully reports at lunch, setting her lunch tray down next to Sam.
“I didn’t know you were friends with Cassie Schneider,” Sam says, sounding genuinely interested in Natasha’s friend making endeavors. Sam’s too good for them, but Steve imprinted on him a week into him transferring and he shows no signs of leaving. No matter what Natasha says, Bucky isn’t jealous.
Bucky frowns at all of them. “I don’t have a girlfriend. She wanted to know if I was going to this party this weekend and I told her I had other plans.”
Steve blushes faintly, maybe, it’s hard to tell with him because he’s so damn tiny that any shift in the room temperature seems to affect him. It’s possible that he just got hot. “You didn’t have to. Now she’s going to spread rumors.” For someone with a septum piercing, Steve has always cared how people see Bucky.
“It’s fine.” Bucky shrugs. He tries to ignore Natasha’s knowing look and Sam’s curious one and Steve’s love of self-sacrifice. “No one listens to them anyways.”
 
***
 
The first time anyone ever says, “Watch out for that Steve Rogers,” Bucky is fourteen years old and a freshman in high school. Bucky has an ice pack pressed to his split lip and Steve is on one of the health office cots, still weak from an asthma attack.
“He was standing up for himself,” Bucky says and hasn’t stopped saying since. His mouth tastes like coppery blood. He can’t stop thinking about what would have happened if he was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Skinny!Steve
Getting Together
Failboats In Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

