Work Text:
Peter Parker Stark, better known as Peter Parker has had a long run in life. Or so he thought as he flinched against the screams ripping out of his classmates. Let's rewind a little.
Somewhere near the beginning to make sense of this story. Bruce can't keep secrets and Loki has an asshole streak a mile long. "It's not my mistake, I barely did anything. Trust me, if I played a part in this debacle I would be claiming rights." Loki folded his hands over and exclaimed indifferently as Bruce stood near him with wide eyes. "Oh for Thor's sake, what happened?" Sam threw up his hands and asked exasperatedly. Rewind! That's not where this story begins. "That's not how it works dad, you can't manipulate everything in my life!"Tony raised an eyebrow at Peter from behind the lab desk. Dressed in a dark ACDC shirt with a black coat thrown over it, paired off with checkered pajama pants. Tony looked like the poster board of relaxed. "I'm Tony Stark, I'm pretty sure I can do anything, and that's not even me being cocky. It's just the facts kiddo" he punctuated his statement with a shrug "Besides I'm not manipulating anything." He then reached over to drag Dum-E closer. The mess on the lab table was slowly (read: painfully slowly) wiped down by the old bot. Grease oil smearing around but not necessarily going away. "Dad, Tony, Mr. Stark...you cruel cruel being, please have mercy." Peter revved up the biggest puppy eyes he could muster and threw them Tony's way. "I can't deal with my class and...and then having to keep my identity...lying...lying about the internship...being me. Dad pleeeease""Relax Pete, there are NDA's attached to these. There is no way Pepper would let you get into any serious issues"Peter fumbled over his words as he all but begged his father to listen to him. Unfortunately, Tony wasn't even watching him. Instead, he seemed to be writing something. Signing something. "My infamous 'May Parker' gets better and better every-time, damn I should've done this for a living. Or at least on the side...that was a joke" He mumbled "your mom coined that idea, it's on her now if you go into the forgery business"Peters permission slip.
A day tour of Stark industries, getting to know the ins and outs of billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, Tony Stark.
What does Stark Industries have to offer? Peter pursed his lips and nodded. Accepting his fate as his father shot him a look of 'pure innocence'...all that was missing was the halo. ***"I guess I'm just worried. Tony has a way of being extravagant, blowing things out of proportion, especially when it comes to me." Peter hiked his backpack higher up his shoulder and looked to Ned for reassurance. Kids crowded around the big yellow bus, excitement hung low in the air as several kids seemed to be overjoyed by the prospect of maybe meeting their heroes. "C'mon Peter, he's Tony Stark. He can't do no wrong. The man is a legend""You sound just like him..." Peter wasn't sure whether to be weirded out by the fact that his best friend sounded just like his father. "That's a good thing Peter, smile man! We'd connect so well. We'd be practically inseparable!" Ned squealed. He actually squealed. Peter rolled his eyes and let himself on to the bus. Kids scrambled for seats next to their friends, even though the bus ride was less than twenty minutes. Flash was stood up leaning against the seat in front of him, arms folded over the backrest he shot Peter a smirk. "Hey, Parker! Why are you coming back here, shouldn't your scholarship ass sit up front with all the other nerds who can't afford to be at this school?"Flash had been taunting Peter since freshman year, and while his remarks get annoying, Peter knows he can handle it. He's Spiderman, if anything he can handle Flash a lot better than any other regular kid could. With his accelerated healing factor and reflexes, Peter would rather have himself be the centre of Flash's torment. It's not so bad anyway, there are the basic teasing and offensives remarks. Then the tripping him in public, pushing him around, or throwing things at his head, but it was all pretty standard. Nothing Peter can't handle, besides Peter was well accustomed to Flash by now. So he ignored him. Even when Flash refused to believe that Peter had an internship at SI. Peter just ignored him. "Yeah Flash, and shouldn't you head back home where the only thing that loves you is your Play Station." Michelle bit back, Peter ducked his head and shot MJ a grateful smile discreetly. ***The bus broke down on the way. The petrol tank slowly lost its petrol, the gauge emptying at an accelerated rate. A real conundrum, the bus driver called it. The whole thing was slightly random, kids looked worried and concerned about the time crunch. What if they couldn't make it to the trip in time and lost their place? What if the tour gets cancelled? What if the tour guide pushes up the time slot for the next class? What if, What if, What if. Mr. Harrington had a cheery look o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Thor
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Harley Keener & Peter Parker are Siblings
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
nobody can convince me otherwise
Nobody is Dead
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Parent Tony Stark
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
whoops
Bucky isn't present much
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
I almost forgot to tag that
im dumb

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Thor
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

