Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Cap,” Dugan said, knocking lightly on the door before sticking his head around, “there’s someone here liked to see ya.” “It had better be a dame or a bag of money. You know right now’s my me time,” he said, his voice low and threatening. No one was ever allowed to visit him during his personal time. He put away what he was working on and leaned back, waiting for an explanation. “It’s that kid you wanted to see,” he explained. Cap nodded, a grim smile on his face and opened his drawer. There she was, old faithful—his semi-automatic pistol. He motioned for him to come in and Dugan moved back enough to put a hand on the kid’s back and shove him in. “M-mr Rogers, uh, sir, I ain’t mean no—” Cap raised a hand and the kid instantly fell silent. “Just trying to provide, huh?” “Uh, y-yes, sir. My ma is poorly and my sister’s been out of work since she got TB.”“And how did you pay off your gambling debts?”“G-gambling debts, sir?”“I know you’ve done your fair share of stutterin’ since coming in here but I haven’t. You heard me,” Cap said, circling his chair, standing behind him now, his hand tight on the boy’s shoulder. “I don’t take lightly to stealin’. I don’t take lightly to much anything but especially not stealin’. Now providin’ for your family I can maybe turn a blind eye to once. But using my money to pay for your mistakes? And to a rival at that… Now, lad, I can’t just look the other way.” The kid was quivering under Cap’s grasp.Cap let go and went back to his seat, sitting slowly, taking his time about it while the kid tried to figure out the best way of getting out of there alive.Cap picked up the gun on his desk and the kid audibly gasped. He cleaned it off with a rag, checked to make sure it was loaded and then pointed it at him casually.“You think I oughtta pull the trigger?” He asked, his blue eyes hard, unwavering. The kid didn’t speak. “Come on, one last chance to plead your case. Nothing?”“Sir, I—” Cap pulled the trigger. A moment later Dugan and Falseworth came in and dragged him out. Jones came in afterwards to do cleanup. Cap cleaned his gun again and put it away, closing the drawer. He stood, checking his pocket watch. It was about time for his weekly drink.“Cap,” Jones called as he turned to leave. He stopped in the doorway. “Might want to change your tie.” He looked down, it was sprinkled with blood. Cap winked at Jones and headed out. “What’s that?” Cap asked, sipping his drink and eyeing the neck of his companion. There was a bruise. “I don’t believe someone got a lick in on  you.”He chuckled. “Oh no, of course not.” His accent was thick. Russian, unlike Cap’s Irish-American drawl. “Just an advantageous young recruit looking to move up.” He smirked and Cap chuckled.“Will they?”“Maybe,” he said, knocking back his vodka shot and as soon as the glass touched the counter it was being refilled. When Cap’s Jameson got low, it too was refilled without asking. “Maybe not.”“Oh, come on, Winter, at least make an honest woman of her for her…  efforts. Make her a leader,” Cap said, a hand on his back.Winter raised an eyebrow. “We will see if  he  deserves it.” Now Cap raised an eyebrow. “Hm, hope he does.” They were good friends, went way back, but this was the mob and ears were everywhere. Not all their men could be trusted entirely. Especially not when one of these men ran the Russian mob and the other the Irish. “Let’s drink to it.  Sláinte.”Winter raised his glass. “Za druzhbu.”One of Winter’s men approached him and whispered in his ear. Winter sighed and cracked his knuckles, finishing his drink. He turned to Cap, a hand on his shoulder and a sincere smile on his face. Cap matched it.“Sadly, I have to cut this short,” he told him. “Insubordination never sleeps.”“No, it does not,” he agreed bitterly. “It was good catching up, James.” Winter turned at the sound of his name, a curious expression on his face.“Steve,” he said with a nod, leaving. “Cap, you sure? I mean you ain’t never really… made an appearance at these things. It’s beneath ya,” Dugan told him as Steve buttoned his vest. He grabbed a hat off his rack and put it on, tilting it over his eye and he spun around, arms spread, a wicked grin on his face. “How do I look?”“Like you could pop someone and they’d thank you,” Dugan laughed. Cap’s grin widened and he walked over to his friend, patting his shoulder.“I don’t want you to think this in any way reflects on you, Dugan, there’s just been so much short-changing as of late that I think a reminder of who exactly they’re robbin’ might do these wiseguys some good.” Dugan nodded; he couldn’t argue with that. They had been gypped a lot lately and that either meant that lackies were stealing or protectees weren’t paying up.+“Edward!” Howard barked entering the kitchen in the store while Tony was topping up containers of olives. “You  will respond when I call you!” Howard turned his son around forcefull
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Previous James “Bucky” Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
mafia au 1940s
Irish Mob
Irish Steve Rogers
Irish Sarah Rogers
Irish Language
Russian Bucky Barnes
Italian Tony Stark
1948
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Abusive Parents
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Gun Violence
Age Difference
Period-Typical Homophobia
Sarah Rogers should adopt us all
Physical Abuse
Mild Sexual Content
Mild Sexual Language

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Previous James “Bucky” Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

