Work Text:
Darcy had literally just come back in from 7-Eleven and was fighting off the clutch of some truly epic brainfreeze when Jane yelled across the lab at her."Darcy!""What!" she called back, opening her eyes against the pain to squint across the room. Jane was standing with some dude, talking."Come here! And bring last night's readings."She grabbed what she hoped were the right pages off the catastrophe of Jane's desk and shuffled across the lab, nearly going for another sip of Slurpee before she remembered she was mad at it and still had a headache."Here." She thrust them at Jane. Then she looked the guy up and down. He was pretty hot in a scruffy kind of way, although several months in Nowhere, New Mexico had probably lowered her standards terribly. He was dressed like a normal person, button-down and beat-up jacket and jeans, but he stood up way too straight. She narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously."Hi, I'm Clint," he said after an awkward silence, sticking out his hand.Darcy ignored it. "You're from SHIELD."He blinked."Where's your suit, android? And speaking of reasons I don't want to shake your hand, where the hell's my iPod?"Clint from SHIELD shot Jane a look that was crying for help."He hasn't got your iPod, Darce," said Jane, flicking through her data sheets. "He's just here to meet us and see the place.""And I'm not really a suit person," Clint felt the need to add in his own defense."I can't believe Agent Coulson lets you get away with that," said Darcy before taking a cautious sip of her Slurpee."Agent Coulson's not my boss," said Clint. Then, apparently finally caving to her superior interrogation skills, he added, "I'm with the Avenger Initiative.""Ohhhh," she said. That made sense. He had that rugged look about him. "What do you do? Do you like, leap tall buildings in a single bound? Climb up walls like a spider? Are you Batman?"Now Clint from the Avenger Initiative looked distinctly uncomfortable. "I'm a marksman," he said to the wall behind Jane's shoulder.Well, that was horseshit. Darcy felt insulted. And a little brainfreezy again; she put down her Slurpee on the filing cabinet behind her. "God, don't be an asshole, Clint. If your superpowers are classified then just say that, don't lie to me."When she turned around again, he was blushing a little. Actually blushing. "Oh my god," she breathed. "You're not lying, are you? Youareactuallyamarksman," she said in a rush with her hand over her mouth to hide her smile. "That is so lame!""Darcy," said Jane in her unimpressed tone."No but seriously," said Darcy, clutching Jane's elbow, "how does SHIELD grab up the actual God of Thunder and then on the same team put a guy who's just good at shooting arrows at things?""I'm sure he uses guns," said Jane, turning a piece of paper upside down, frowning, and turning it right way up again."No," said Clint, who now looked like he wanted to dive out a window, "no, I actually tend to use a bow."Jane looked up at him in surprise. "Oh," she said after a second.Darcy smirked."So anyway," said Jane, because she had a quick mental recovery period these days, "this is what we're looking at right now." And she pushed a handful of pages at Clint as if he would understand them. Darcy barely understood them, and she'd collated the data.Darcy grabbed her Slurpee, ignoring the wet ring it left in the dust on the filing cabinet, and wandered back to her computer. Maybe she'd get in some Facebook instead of work while Jane was distracted by showing off her nerdery.***They'd only gone to SHIELD headquarters to meet up with Erik again; it was just supposed to be some meetings and a ten-cent tour that Jane was sadistically making Darcy tag along for ("Hey, you only get to go because you have top-secret security clearance now," Jane had tried, and Darcy had answered, "Yeah, but top-secret clearance is supposed to be awesome because you get to see cool shit, not sit around in a windowless room, talking about particle physics and drinking bad coffee."). She didn't even have a new iPod yet because the government didn't pay much better than Jane's grant money had, so the whole thing was just supposed to be long and awful and terrible.It ended up being awful and terrible for completely unexpected reasons. They'd just been in one of the labs so Jane and Erik could act like geeks and hook way too many oscilloscopes up to each other, and Darcy had been mentally reciting the periodic table like she did sometimes when she was bored, and then some guy across the lab had dropped an expensive piece of computer equipment, freaked out and turned green.The last thing Darcy saw before everything went to hell was some lab monkey diving for a phone and yelling, "Dr. Banner's having a Code Green!"Then Dr. Banner swelled up like a balloon and yelled like a silverback gorilla off of Animal Planet, knocking two people and an entire lab bench into a wall. Darcy, Jane and Erik fell over each other trying to squeeze through the nearest door w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Romance
Shenanigans
Tasering
Get Together

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

