Work Text:
He was furious. Beyond furious. 
“You think you see through me, do you? Well I see through you.” he all but shouted, jabbing her with a finger. In an instant, she’d gripped his hand and twisted. Before he could register the pain, her other hand came up and shoved against his body. 
He felt himself fly back - but not just back - up. Even as he flew backwards he blinked around, feeling almost weightless. Vertigo hit him almost immediately. 
There, in front of him, was his own body, almost frozen in time. 
The terror was immediate. 
What had she done to him?
She moved her hand as if reeling him back in and he felt a tug - an inescapable tug. He wondered if he was going to throw up. He was sucked back into his body and before he could even reorient himself, a silver shape burst from him, shoving both the other occupants of the room back. He staggered at the loss of contact but the shape coalesced into a stag; a gorgeous, massive, stag, and it stood directly in front of him, supporting him. He leaned against it a moment before standing straight, the shaking in his hands not all together from his injuries. He knew what this meant; this meant somewhere in the world he had a soulmate, and this was them subconsciously protecting him. 
The man who’d first found him made to step forward but the stag huffed out a breath, pawing at the ground and lowering its antlers threateningly. It did not want them any closer to him. It was the ancient one, however, who spoke. 
“It seems I underestimated you.” she murmured, before turning her gaze to the stag. She bowed her head towards it, and after a moment, it returned the gesture. It did not, however, move from in front of him, watching the two others with a careful gaze. When it did finally look away from them, it was to turn to Strange himself. It nosed against his cheek, checking him over, and he offered it a shaky smile, his hands coming up to stroke its flank. 
“Do you still not believe in a balance of the soul?” the ancient one asked. Strange tensed. How could he argue against such a thing when the embodiment of his other half stood in front of him. He could only shake his head, stroking a finger along the ridge of the stag’s skull.
“You’re absolutely beautiful.” he murmured. The stag tossed its head back, obviously agreeing with him, and he couldn’t help a huff of laughter. Apparently modesty wasn’t something the stag felt. Considering his own self pre-accident, he couldn’t really be surprised. He turned back to the Ancient One then, hands pressed against the stags flank. 
“Will you help me?”
For a moment she just stared at him, gaze flickering only once, and even then briefly, to the stag. The stag tossed its head in answer, and she bowed her head. 
“Very well.”
 
>>>
 
He was on the mountain top, cold seeping into his bones, hands shaking from the effort of trying to cast. His body shuddered and then there was the stag, standing over him in all its majesty. It helped him to his feet, used its head to nudge his arms up once more. Then it dipped its head so its antlers rested under his arms, steadying them. 
With the stag’s warm body against his, and the support it offered; Strange conjured the portal. 
 
>>>
 
When he learned to Astral project, he was stunned to find the stag always there. Sometimes it was active, sometimes it was just resting, but whenever he was in astral form, his stag was there, a quiet presence; a quiet comfort. He couldn’t help but wonder if this was where all soulmate animals rested when they weren’t protecting. Considering he never saw any other animals though, he doubted it. 
He stroked a finger along the stag’s snout, smiling as it shook him off, nudging him with a doleful look in its eyes. 
He only wished he could ask the stag to guide him to the one it represented, but he knew that was impossible. 
 
>>>
 
Harry was running as fast as he could, sides burning from the strain. A spell blasted into the wall next to his head and he ducked away, pushing himself as hard as he could even as he tossed spells back over his shoulder. 
It had only been a domestic incident; a reported stolen artifact and he’d been going to interview the woman who’s belongings had been stolen. Routine and basic. Without danger. He’d taken a rookie with him, because it was supposed to be simple. 
Now, Remier was lying dead feet from the woman who’d placed the fire call, and Harry was running for his life through the maze of halls the house had turned into. 
They’d been lured into a trap and some sort of magic was not only keeping him trapped in the maze of corridors that sprung from nowhere, but wasn’t letting him call for backup. 
He was tired, he was bleeding, and he was vastly outnumbered. 
A sinking feeling in his stomach told him he might have finally met a situation he couldn’t get out of. 
Even as he rounded the corner he came face to face with a wand and he only just managed to throw himself back to dodge the spell, but it had him overbalancing, sending h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
Auror Harry
your soulmate projects itself to protect you in times of severe stress
idk what to tag
im so tired
I just wrote this and don't remember what it's about
Post-Doctor Strange (2016)
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
idek
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Stephen Strange

