Chapter 1





Chapter Text




“Buck? You okay?”
Steve Rogers’ voice lingered along the edges of his awareness as he studied the grainy, black and white print lifted from a security camera in Berlin. Two high-level HYDRA operatives they’d been after since the Triskelion fell were caught on the camera. It was the first solid lead they’d had on the two terrorists in months.
But that wasn’t what got Bucky Barnes’ attention. It was her.
“Yeah,” Bucky muttered, tossing the image back to the center of the table.
“Looks like we’re heading back to Berlin,” Natasha Romanoff said from the other side of the table. “At least we’re all on the same side this time.”
Tony Stark rolled his eyes, but Clint Barton thought it was funny, silently laughing from his seat next to him.
Her face…  
A face Bucky never expected to see again except in his memories where he couldn’t escape it.
“You’re not going anywhere,” Clint winked at Nat. “How long now?”
“The baby is due in two weeks,” Nat said with a smile.
Bucky glanced up at the gorgeous spy, smiling. Natasha had been sterilized when she’d graduated from the Red Room’s training and had tried unsuccessfully for years to adopt a child from anywhere. He wasn’t entirely clear on all the details, but she’d found a young lady who was in the family way who was allowing her to adopt the child. The young mother in question was friends with Steve’s girl.
He was happy for Nat. People like them didn’t get happy moments like that often.
One thing he knew for certain. She’d be the world’s most protective mother.
“When do we go?” James Rhodes asked, still reading one of the endless intel reports they got from SHIELD every fucking day that no one else ever tried to read.
Bucky’s gaze kept darting back to that image. He couldn’t help it. That angel’s face had haunted his thoughts, his nightmares more times than he could count.
No, he had to be mistaken. That or there was a girl who looked a hell of a lot like her in Berlin right now.
Because the girl in his memories? That girl was dead. He’d killed her himself as the Winter Soldier at HYDRA’s command.
“I’d like to make this a quick trip if we could,” Steve told them, arms folded across his chest where he sat at the other end of the table.
“Can’t think why,” Clint teased. “Probably doesn’t have anything to do with having your girlfriend back.”
Steve smirked at that, not even trying to hide how happy he was to be moving into a new house he’d be sharing with his girl.
Bucky was happy for Steve too. Only he and Nat truly knew what his best friend from childhood went through to have that girl at his side again. Bucky knew what she meant to him.
“I’m shocked, honestly,” Clint went on. The poor dumb bastard really did have pitiful few survival instincts. “An old-fashioned guy like yourself, living outside of wedlock.”
Nat cocked a red brow at the archer.
Tony laughed. “Cap’s willing. It’s the potential bride that’s got cold feet.”
The smirk disappeared and Steve scrubbed a hand down over his beard. “Guys…”
“Give her time,” Nat said to the table in general. “She’ll come around. You have to admit the circumstances were highly unusual.”

That’s putting it mildly.

Steve had found the girl after the Snap and got sweet on her. When she was resistant to Steve’s attempts to woo her -- Steve had never really been good with dames -- he decided to bring her home from the hospital after she’d gotten mugged and take care of her there. He’d thought she’d just get used to living there with him because he treated her well.
It hadn’t exactly worked out that way.
Steve’s girl was a sweetheart. Too good for Steve, truly. And eventually, she’d come around to caring about him even though he was keeping her locked in his house. Steve hadn’t had a clue how to mentally condition someone in a situation like that and somehow – somehow – he’d managed to win her over.
At least until they’d managed to reverse the Snap.
Then Steve had been forced to start over with her. But somehow between an interfering wizard, the return of fucking Rumlow, and Steve just being his stubborn, honest self, he’d made her fall in love him. Enough that she’d found them a house while he’d been out on a mission and they were moving in together.
Steve was antsy about things even so. His friend wanted the entire show with her, a wedding and kids too.
Bucky wasn’t too worried about Steve not getting those things. Nat was right. She’d come around.
Steve was just lucky he hadn’t lost her to Rumlow. How the universe had allowed that fucker to return when the Snap was reversed, he had no idea.

Wait. Could that be what happened? 

Bucky’s gaze drifted back to that image. To her face in the shadows.
He really wanted a copy of that photograph.
Was it her? And was it possible that she’d returned when the Snap reversed as Rumlow had?
“You’re leaving tomorrow,” Fury informed them, breaking into his thoughts. “You want to get back fast? Find those two.”
Fury pointed to the two operatives in the photo.
All Bucky saw w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Kindapping
Stalking
Dark Bucky Barnes
Dark!Bucky
Smut
Angst
mentions of torture
Explicit Sexual Content
Dubious Consent
Stockholm Syndrome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

