Chapter 1



Notes:
Hey guys! Should I be working on my long fic It's a Secret to Everybody? Yes. Did I instead write this one shot at 3 am? Yes I did lol. I've been thinking about this AU for a while and I'm happy that I finally got to write it down. I hope you enjoy it!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Only a few months after Peter Parker took down the Vulture, his Aunt May died.It was a car accident, they said. She was admitted into the hospital as soon as possible and died only a few hours later. Peter was by her bedside as she passed away, crying uncontrollably.He remembered this moment so clearly - the moment that changed his life. And Peter Parker’s life had many life-changing moments - the Spider Bite, for one - but this moment might’ve topped them all.The child care representative walked into the hospital room and asked Peter if he had any other relatives. Peter shook his head, tears still streaming down his face.“Well, is there anyone else you could call?” The child care representative asked.Only one name came to Peter’s mind, but… calling  him  seemed ridiculous. Mr. Stark wouldn’t want anything to do with this mess. But, he had no other choice. Peter nodded his head, still unable to speak clearly, and fumbled for his phone in his pocket. He turned it on and called Tony Stark.“Hey kid, what’s up?” Mr. Stark greeted him. When he was met with the sounds of suppressed sobs and pitiful whimpers, his tone immediately changed to something more worried. “Peter?”“It’s May!” Peter said through his tears. “May’s g-gone! Sh-She got into a car accident and now she’s gone! I-I, I don’t know where else to go-““Stay right where you are, Peter,” Tony said, and Peter could hear him calling an Iron Man suit on the other end of the line. “I’m on my way.”“OK,” was all Peter said before he hung up.By the end of that day, Tony had signed papers saying he was Peter’s legal guardian.It was hard, the first couple months. Peter would cry a lot, really missing May. But he eventually learned to live with it. Sure, he was still sad about it, but he learned to be happy about other things and live his life again. He became pretty clingy around Tony - a coping mechanism to deal with his loss - but Tony didn’t mind at all. Tony made a surprisingly good guardian. The two grew closer, bonding over movie nights and working in the lab together. Tony found out about Peter’s nightmares, and was always there to help him feel better after them.Soon, Peter started calling Tony ‘Dad’. It was by accident at first, but Tony told him it was OK for him to call him that. Peter always called him ‘Dad’ after that. It wasn’t long until Tony asked his lawyers for adoption papers so he could officially adopt Peter as his real son.So they, along with Pepper, lived together happily - father, mother, and son.Then Thanos came.And Tony and Peter went to Titan.And Thanos snapped his fingers.“Dad?” Peter called out to Tony. “I don’t feel so good…”“You’re alright,” Tony assured him.“I-I, I don’t know what’s happening-“ Peter collapsed into Tony’s arms and hugged him tight, holding onto dear life. Tony held him back just as tightly. “I don’t wanna go. I don’t wanna go! Dad, please! Please, I don’t wanna go! I don’t wanna go!”But Tony couldn’t do anything to help, no matter how hard Peter pleaded.Peter turned to dust in Tony’s arms. ⎊ ⎊ ⎊ Five years passed.  Five years without Peter.Tony and Pepper had another child - one biologically theirs. She was a sweet little girl that they named Morgan. And while Tony loved her so,  so  much, nothing could get rid of the grief he still felt since losing his son.So when Steve Rogers, Scott Lang, and some other Avengers approached him and told him there was a way to reverse Thanos’s snap, he decided he would actually help them. He stared at Peter’s face in the picture frame in the kitchen, then went to work on solving time travel. He figured it out in one night.After reuniting with the Avengers and traveling through time to collect each of the Infinity Stones, Bruce snapped his fingers and brought everyone back.But then Thanos attacked.The battle was huge. With everyone now back to life, they fought Thanos and his army.And when Tony saw his son on the battlefield, his heart melted. He hugged him, squeezing him tightly to make sure he was actually there. He planted a kiss on his cheek. Peter was  right there  . His son was  alive .When Tony took the Infinity Stones from Thanos, and felt their power surge through him, he was absolutely certain he was going to die.But he’d brought Peter back, and that was all he cared about at the moment.He snapped his fingers. Thanos and his army disappeared into dust.Tony sat down and leaned against some rubble. Peter ran up to him. Tony tried to give him a reassuring smile, but he had no energy. Peter began to cry over him, “We won, Dad. We won, Dad. We won. We did it, Dad. You did it. I’m sorry,  Dad …”Then Pepper made him step asi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Everyone Is Alive
Tony Stark Lives
Not Canon Compliant
Iron Fam
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adopted Peter Parker
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter calls Tony Dad
Father-Son Relationship
Platonic Cuddling
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Some Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

