Chapter 1: Go and Play Detective
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 “Ay, Nova! How’s it hangin’?”Peter tries not to wince at the sheer volume of Rocket’s greeting. He is nursing the absolute  mother  of all hangovers, and Rocket’s never been too good with the whole inside voice thing on the best of days. He pours himself a cup of coffee, staring straight through the steam and trying not to focus on how much his head is friggin’ pounding, and he lifts his now-full mug to the projection of Nova Prime’s face on their screen.“Hey there, Nova,” he says in his best approximation of what a non-hungover voice sounds like. “How’s the rebuilding going?”“Guardians,” Nova Prime greets all six of them sitting around the table with a bow of her head. “The rebuilding is going well, thank you.”“That’s good to hear,” Gamora says with a smile.Nova Prime looks a little better than she did the last time they saw her, Peter thinks — not that that’s saying all that much, though. If Earth was hit hard by Thanos’ forces during his stupid mission to get the Infinity Stones, well, Xandar was hit twenty times worse and  then  some. And they didn’t even win; Thanos reduced entire cities to little more than a bunch of smouldering heaps, and then he snatched up the Power Stone and was on his way without so much as a glance back.Nova doesn’t look like she’s slept a full night in the last two months, but at least she seems to have washed some of the now ever-present soot from her hair. She even offers all of them a smile and says, “We appreciate you sending Mr. Obfonteri to aid in the relief effort, as well, and of course he sends his regards.”“Eh, that wasn’t really us,” Peter tells her with a shrug. “That was all Krag’s idea.”“Yeah, nothing like your whole planet gettin’ toasted to make you wanna go back home, I guess,” Rocket says, and if Peter were feeling a  little  more lucid he’d probably hit Rocket over the head with something for being so damned blunt all the time.Gamora shoots him a look for it, at least, but he doesn’t notice.Drax, Mantis, and Loki, on the other hand, all seem to unironically agree; Drax hums through a mouthful of the Contraxian noodles he’s eating for breakfast, Mantis nods, and Loki gives a little tilt of his head.“Er— yes, well. He has certainly been quite the help,” Nova continues. “As for the rest of you, I believe I have a job lined up that you may find to your liking as well. I’m sending you a detailed file on the situation, and it should arrive… now.”The little holoscreen built into the table lights up with a  ping,  and Peter settles in front of it with his coffee in one hand, bringing the screen to life with the other.“Planet Uädar lies just on the edge of our jurisdiction,” Nova Prime tells them as the screen in front of Peter swirls with stars and planets. A map, with Uädar at its center and Xandar a tiny little blip down in the bottom left. Gamora leans into Peter’s side, her hair falling over his shoulder as she peers at the screen along with him. Nova continues, “The planet is rather well populated. Its largest city, Urunia, serves as a major hub for many intergalactic businesses, and as a home for all manner of different species.”The map zooms in, and the little sphere of brownish purples and blues that is planet Uädar spins until Urunia sits at the center of their view, and it zooms in until the city’s all they can see. It looks like a pretty standard coastal city, Peter guesses, if a little unusually gigantic, a big old industrial area with a whole bunch of districts labeled here and there.“And people are going missing, huh?” Peter asks, swiping away from the map and skimming over the report Nova just sent over — or  reports,  plural. Pages and pages of missing persons reports, all with ‘last seen’ dates in the past month.“Indeed,” Nova answers with a solemn nod.“Any idea what’s causing it?”“I’m afraid not,” she says. “But there have been twenty-eight disappearances in three weeks, nine of which have occurred in the last four days.”“So whoever is causing the disappearances is growing bolder,” Gamora says.“That’s exactly our fear,” agrees Nova Prime. “The disappearances have occurred throughout the city’s Markets District and the surrounding areas, and unfortunately, being a hub of intergalactic business means—”“Big crowds, lots of unsavory types, yeah,” Peter says with a nod, eyes still skimming over the reports. He knows the city, or at least knows  of  it, and he vaguely remembers having been there with Yondu once or twice, maybe, unless he’s thinking of someplace else. It’s definitely the sort of place where a few missing people would go unnoticed, but apparently not bad enough that twenty-eight in one month didn’t cause some alarm. “I gotta say, Nova, it’s probably just Kree slavers picking these people off.”“That was our original theory as well. But the pattern does not  quite match up with what we’re used to seeing from the Kree 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Gamora/Peter Quill
Loki & Peter Quill
Peter Quill & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
Loki & Mantis (Marvel)
Gamora & Loki (Marvel)
Gamora & Nebula (Marvel)
Just... All Of Them
Everyone & Everyone

freeform: 
Mission Fic
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Fluff
Angst
Action/Adventure
Mystery
Hurt/Comfort
Ghosts
Grief/Mourning
Nightmares
Camping
Mentions of an Intergalactic Slave Trade
But I Let Nebula Beat Up a Slave Trader If That Helps
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sequel
The Great Bromance of Loki and Peter Quill
I'm Literally So Happy I've Made That Tag Possible

fandom: 
Gamora/Peter Quill
Loki & Peter Quill
Peter Quill & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
Loki & Mantis (Marvel)
Gamora & Loki (Marvel)
Gamora & Nebula (Marvel)
Just... All Of Them
Everyone & Everyone

