Chapter 1: once or twice.
    




Chapter Text
After Steve ripped Hydra out of SHIELD, Tony hoped that would be the last they ever saw of the organization; even though he hadn’t been involved with the matter, he still felt a deep-rooted weariness each and every time the subject came up, so he couldn’t imagine how it all affected Steve at this point, especially when they realized that Hydra hadn’t been destroyed after all. After the years of struggling and getting his friend back—well, fighting Hydra seemed to be a lifetime occupation for the good captain.
They were starting to resemble cockroaches more than serpents, really. Or whatever they liked to compare themselves to. This time, unfortunately, the Avengers had a hard time finding any concrete information regarding hideouts and agents, and though they found and took down the occasional evil compound, they didn’t appear to be making any significant progress. Tony wanted nothing more than to make a major breakthrough that’d enable them to take down Hydra in one fell swoop.
As it stood, however, raids had a certain predictable lull to them. Break down some doors, knock out some bad guys, try and prevent the true fanatics from swallowing cyanide pills, make some witty comments, recover whatever documents he could find. Some papers were more useful than others, but none of them were useful enough.
Sometimes, Tony considered inviting Barnes on these raids just for the sake of spicing things up.
Before he could fall too far into that train of thought, a few voices he overheard spiced the raid up well enough. As he moved to round a corner, he caught whispers of some guards rushing to secure the asset, and on the scale of things that sounded important—and useful—that took the cake. Tony, in his best imitation of a spy’s stealth, followed behind the guards, allowing them to unintentionally lead him to said asset.
“Be careful, Stark,” Steve advised from where he fought bad guys on the other side of the compound. “Asset is how they referred to Bucky.”
Tony rolled his eyes despite the fact that the other man couldn’t see him. “Yeah, yeah,” he murmured, voice low to avoid being overheard. In all these raids, they hadn’t encountered anything particularly special—some better than average combatants, but no one too difficult to take down—and perhaps that was due to the Hydra agents anticipating their actions. This time, however, he felt confident that they’d taken them more by surprise.
And if they could acquire something Hydra called an asset, then that’d be pretty great.
Once the guards stopped in front of and opened a high-security door, Tony swiftly took them out and informed the team of his location before stepping into the hallway. It was more barren than he expected—but slightly cleaner than the rest of the compound. Definitely more deserted. And though he wasn’t quite sure what he expected, what he found couldn’t be further from it.
Eventually, he came across what appeared to be a cell with glass walls and a simple bed in the middle, and he slowed to a halt as he studied its occupant. Whoever it was laid facing away from him in a black t-shirt and sweatpants, along with what appeared to be a blindfold and headphones displacing brown curls. His wrists and ankles were chained to the bedframe, and his visible skin was littered with scrapes and bruises. And—worst of all, in fact—he seemed to be rather young based on his size.
Was this the asset those guards were talking about? Well, Tony figured there was only one way to find out. With less malice than he had upon initially entering the room, he forced open the glass door—the clear door, rather, since the material was far stronger than glass—and approached the bed, wondering what he should be prepared for. “Hey kid, what—?”
A snap and a thud were his only warning before he found himself flying backwards, crashing through the glass wall and into the concrete behind it. Despite his helmet, stars filled his vision as his head smacked into the ground, and he let out a soft groan. Compose yourself, Stark, he chided mentally before forcing himself to sit back up and focusing his attention back on the kid. He opted not to pay attention to FRIDAY’s inquiry into his well-being.
Said kid was half-sat up, half-turned around, one arm still raised and his head tilted childishly to the side. The broken chain dangled from his wrist restraint. “Oh, hey man,” he greeted, voice thick like he just woke up and unbelievably casual. As though he hadn’t just punched Iron Man across a room with no apparent effort spent. As though he couldn’t have just killed someone with that sort of force.
Tony Stark, genius billionaire philanthropist, couldn’t fathom what just happened. “Yeah, hey man,” he returned as he regained his footing—though he wobbled a little more than he’d admit to.
“Be careful,” his AI warned. “Another hit like that one could damage the suit’s arc reactor.” Which meant that somehow, this kid—this hardly awake, injured, blindfo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Hydra Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Fix-It
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

