Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes growled as he stalked the halls of his building. The high rise in Manhattan was where his office was located, and thus, where most of his personal business occurred. It was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing in that it didn’t require Bucky to have and maintain offices all over the world. Hydra was a big business, spanning the globe with the various products and services it provided. It was a curse in that everyone came here to report in. Many days were filled with meeting after meeting with posturing businessmen complaining about local governments or how business was being impeded in one way or another. He was stressed and frustrated most days. Take today, for example. Bucky had just left his last meeting of the day in which the man in charge of marketing had insisted that the reason why their latest ads campaign to advertise their latest product was failing because there wasn’t demand for it and not because the man had yet to actually call studios to have them air the ad. Bucky growled again. The man was now the former head of marketing and the latest addition to the ranks of the unemployed. The fact that Natasha had found that the guy drank on the clock helped immensely in the decision. How she knew about everything that happened in the company, he had no idea, but he was grateful that she was on his side. Some days it seemed like the two of them were the only people who were competent among the people who ran the company. He burst into his office and sat down in his office chair. Maybe he should’ve waited to fire the guy. Although, it wasn’t like Silicon Valley was lacking for marketing specialists for major tech companies, but it would’ve been a lot easier if he had someone lined up to take the idiot’s place. If he had waited maybe a month or so to fire the guy, he might be in a better position. “I take it the meeting went about as well as can be expected,” came a voice. Bucky turned, completely not surprised to find Natasha lounging on his couch. She was inspecting her nails, or seemed to be. Her cuticles were flawless, as always. “You could say that,” he replied. “You could also say that I fired the son of a bitch.” “Probably for the best,” she said. “I hear a guy from Microsoft’s marketing team is recently looking for work.” “Fired or quit?” Bucky asked. “He resigned a month ago or so,” she replied. “I’ve been working on him for a week to try and get him to sign on.” “What would I do without you?” Bucky asked. “You’d still be working in a mid-way management position and your uncle would still own the company while you faded into obscurity,” she replied. “So good of you to remind me,” Bucky said. He sighed as he sat down. “I think I need a vacation.” “Hon, you need so much more than a vacation,” she said. “You need a lifestyle change.” “Does that involve sitting by a pool at a resort in the Caribbean and drinking vodka?” Bucky asked. “It could, I suppose,” she said. “I was thinking of something more along the lines of changing things around a bit.” “This sounds suspiciously like a coup,” Bucky said with a grin. She threw a tissue box at him and he laughed as he deflected it. “I’m serious,” she said. “You’re taking on way too much and it’s starting to get to you.” “I’m the president of the company, Nat,” he replied. “I have a lot of responsibility.” “Yeah, but that doesn’t mean that you have to take care of every single little thing that comes up,” she said. “You have people under you who can take care of those things. Hell, you have a secretary who can tell people to do things for you. You can delegate the delegating for crying out loud!” “You’re saying I should take a step back,” Bucky said. “And do what, exactly? Crochet?” “Whatever you do, you need to work out that tension you’ve been building up for the past 5 years,” she said. “Cause I’m no expert, but if you were to come in one day and shoot the board of directors and everyone else in the office, I would not be surprised at all.” Bucky leaned back in his chair and stared up at the ceiling. She had a point. He had thought about shooting many (all) of them. Rooting out the supporters of the last person who owned Hydra hadn’t been easy, but there were still people who didn’t think what he was doing was good for the company. There was really nothing to be done for that, though, except replace them all one by one. It was a slow process. “Any ideas to prevent my impending homicidal impulses?” Bucky drawled. “Well, you could try dating,” she suggested. “I thought the idea was for me to be less stressed and frustrated,” Bucky replied. “It’s not that bad,” she said. “I met this guy—”“No,” Bucky said. Natasha had a bad track when it came to setting Bucky up with guys. Most of them only cared that he had money, the rest were a lot less interesting than she had implied. “Also, of course you’d say it’s not that bad. You married the woman of your dreams.” “Yeah, that’s fair,” she said. “You still need to get laid, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Background Relationships
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Sexual Slavery
Master/Slave
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Sub Peter Parker
Original Character(s)
Loss of Virginity
Virgin Peter Parker
Cock Cages
Cock & Ball Torture
Choking
Breathplay
Dom/sub
Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Come Marking
Come Swallowing
Cages
Erotic Electrostimulation
Impact Play
Spanking
Punishment
Slavery
Discipline
Bondage
Dacryphilia
Cock Warming
Gay Bucky Barnes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Peter Parker
Bottom Steve Rogers
Watersports
Feminization
Forced Feminization
Rape/Non-con Elements
Don't copy to another site
Mpreg

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Original Male Character(s)

