Work Text:
Clint is on mission when SHIELD goes down. He's in deep cover, and it's only days later that he finds out.
*
The man he was sent to kill, Joshua Tremblay, the leader of a human trafficking ring in Africa, waves a gun in Clint's face, cursing him and his mother, which honestly is taking things a bit far. Clint zones him out, barely biting back his sarcastic snaps. Tremblay must see Clint isn't paying attention because he gets pissed. The guards lay into Clint, but the agent doesn't make a sound. He's been through worse than just a beating, and honestly the men don't even know where to hit. 
"That the best you got?" Clint braces himself for the slap and isn't disappointed.
"What right do you have to think you're better? We found you, no?" Some of Clint's irritation must show on his face because suddenly Tremblay is grinning, grinning and clapping. "You don't know, do you? You honestly don't know!" The archer lets his resting face speak for him, even as on the inside the first twinges of anxiety begin. Tremblay leans in close, close enough for Clint to pick out individual eyelashes and get a shower of spittle every time the man speaks. "No one is going to come for you, Specialist Clinton Barton, or would you prefer Hawkeye? Your agency is gone." Clint doesn't let his expression show anything, though on the inside he is screaming. Very carefully, Clint shuts down his emotional responses all together. Just as carefully he lets dawning horror show on his face, and closes his eyes.
He head-butts Tremblay in the nose. While the man stumbles back, Clint uses the chair to knock out one guard, and with a practiced motion snaps the neck of another. For the last he fires one shot from a dead guard's stolen gun. It's a head shot.
Tremblay is just gaining his feet again, looking at his men with poorly concealed fear. Clint stalks toward him.
"I don't need anyone to come for me." Tremblay goes down with a bullet between the eyes.
Clint leaves a trail of bloody bodies on his route out of the compound. The civilians have already vacated the premises by the time Clint rigs the place to blow, and even if they hadn't, Clint has a bit too much on his mind right now to give a fuck about collateral damage. What's a little more red on his ledger anyway?
In an hour, Clint walks back to the safe house. It's blown of course, but his phone is there and he needs to know for sure. Needs to know if SHIELD is really compromised. His stomach drops when he sees four voicemails and two text messages, all from Natasha. He listens to the voicemails first.
The oldest one is short, but Clint can hear Nat's voice crack when she says Nick's dead and that says everything.
The second one is bit longer. Natasha tells him that HYDRA is inside SHIELD (which Clint can hardly believe), and that the Winter Soldier is on the playing field. She says the latter with fear and awe, but Clint smiles, small and real, for the first time since New York.
In the third, Natasha sounds rushed. She says that Nick is alive and has known about HYDRA for years, and that the Winter Soldier is apparently Steve- Captain America's best friend. Then Nat says that they're going public with SHIELD servers, exposing the HYDRA inside. The message ends there, and Clint is furious. The idea that Nick would conceal that from them, keep them in the dark, for years- And why is the best option they came up with destroying SHIELD too? He wasn't the only agent out in the field, not the only one undercover.
Natasha knew this. Thousands of safe houses, gone, hundreds of covers, blown. Clint doesn't want to think about how many agents are dead, how many weren't able to get out like he did- The amount of life lost is catastrophic. (Clint doesn't acknowledge the fear coursing through his veins, the terror of what he's supposed to do without SHIELD. Twelve years is a long time.)
Clint is furious at her, at everyone really, but he still hits play on the last voicemail. It's from two hours ago.
Natasha is quieter than normal, and Clint can hear the lilt of fear in her voice.
"Clint, it's been four days. I can't leave D.C. to get your ass out of trouble, so you have to do it yourself. I- I didn't realize you were undercover. Call me, as soon as it's safe." A pause. Clint starts to put down the phone, when she speaks again. "Fury was lying to us about something else too. I sent you the link, thought you'd want to know." There's another pause, but shorter. "Come in from the cold, Yastreb. We can all regroup together."
It takes Clint several calming breaths to resist throwing the phone across the room. His hands shake as he scrolls to messages.
The first is a link, and the next a simple I'm sorry.
With trepidation, Clint presses the blue link. The first thing he sees is a date in January of this year, the second: SUPERVISING AGENT: P. Coulson. The third thing? Red.
When he's calmed down enough to think clearly, Clint notices that his phone is shattered in pieces across the room. Funny that, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Bucky and Clint are bros
clint's pov
Clint is not a happy camper
Some angst
Bucky becomes himself sorta

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

