Work Text:
Tony watched Peter bounce in his seat, amused at the kid's excitement.The dark gray Audi pulled into the drive in front of the Avengers Compound, Happy jumping out to open Peter and Tony's car door.They both sidled out of the back, Peter gaping at the building's grandeur. Tony reached out and pushed the boy's jaw up, effectively shutting his mouth."C'mon, you've been here before," the billionaire teased, enjoying Peter's flustered expression. "I know, it's just . . . so . . . awesome," he said, trailing off as he continued to stare. Tony chuckled and grabbed the boy's arm, leading him up the steps to the front door."We have the whole place to ourselves this weekend. I convinced the Avengers to take a break at Clint's house while you're here," Tony said, his voice echoing in the vast lobby. Peter, for once, gaped at Tony instead of the architecture. "The Avengers are back? Since when? Are you gonna let me meet them? Probably not, I mean they don't know my identity, and I don't really want them—" the billionaire cut off the teen's rambling."Yes, the Avengers are back. Don't you watch the news?" Peter looked a little guilty. "And no, I don't want you meeting them. So yeah, they're back. Doesn't mean I trust them."Tony tried not to let the boy's disappointed face get him down, instead proceeding through the Compound's layout. The billionaire would have plenty of time to cheer up his Spiderling.  "Okay, I have a couple things that I have to get done, so why don't you head to the kitchen and get a snack?" Peter smiled weakly and nodded, saying a small 'okay.' Tony grimaced and pat the boy on the shoulder before they parted ways.Once Peter had disappeared into the kitchen, the billionaire sighed. He needed to get better at the whole 'relationships' thing.* * * * *Peter sighed, staring at his pizza dejectedly. He was a little disappointed that Tony had to ditch him for a bit. Okay, maybe more than a little disappointed.He took a bite of the pizza, but it tasted like cardboard in his mouth, so he set it down. So much for that.Suddenly, Peter heard a scuffle from down the hall. That was odd."Tony?" Peter wasn't quite sure why he was whispering. The boy stood up from his barstool and crept to the wall, peering around the corner. The bang of metal on metal made him stop in his tracks."Ugh, I need to get out more," someone groaned.Peter whipped around, his back to the wall as tried to control his breathing. That most definitely was not Tony.The teen peered around the corner again, looking at the man who lay flat on his back, a fallen vent cover next to him. Peter looked away when the man started to move.Hide, you have to hide, Peter thought. He raced to the island he had been sitting at and crouched on the side opposite the hall where the strange man was. Yes, this is totally a good spot, he thought sarcastically. Peter was about to go find another hiding spot when another voice sounded from down the other hall where the rooms were."Clint, what are you doing?" A red-haired woman stepped into the kitchen, looking down the hall to where 'Clint' was. She looked familiar.Oh my goodness. Natasha Romanov. Peter nearly had a heart attack right then and there."Just chillin'," the man, Clint replied. Wait. Clint, as in Clint Barton, as in Hawkeye Clint Barton? This keeps getting better and better."Yep, totally. It's definitely natural to lay on the ground for no reason with a vent cover." 

Natasha walked over to the pantry, sticking her head inside."Yes, it's totally reasonable," Clint said incredulously. Peter was too focused on the conversation overhead to notice Bucky standing right in front of him."Nat, get Steve," Bucky said gruffly. Peter turned his head sharply, looking up at the ex-assassin. So this was fear.Natasha retreated from the pantry, an bag of chips in hand. "Hello to you, too."Bucky continued to stare at Peter. "We have a problem."The boy tentatively raised his hand and waved, smiling shyly. He screamed when Bucky lunged forward, grabbing Peter's wrist and pulling his arm up so high the teen could barely touch the ground.Clint came around the corner just then, jaw dropping in surprise. Natasha dropped her bag of chips, eyes wide."I'll . . . go get Steve."* * * * * "Boss, the Avengers are requesting your presence in the kitchen."Tony looked up from his StarkPad. The Avengers? They were supposed to be at Clint's, not in the kitchen . . .Oh, sweet Jesus.The billionaire bolted from his desk chair and out of the empty conference room. He decided to take the stairs, going down three steps at a time.He raced into the kitchen, surprised to see everyone there. Steve turned around and walked up to him."Tony, we found—"The billionaire interrupted him, holding up a hand. "Cut the crap, I know who you found. Let me through."Steve looked shocked, to say the least. Still he stepped aside, and Tony walked forward. He was not happy with what he saw.Peter was sitting in a metal folding chair, thick ropes tying his arm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Scared Peter Parker
One Shot
I'm Bad At Tagging
not team Cap friendly
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

