Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In all honesty, Tony had started noticing the changes even before Ultron. It started with the fact that Steve had never really trusted him. Everyone pretended things were alright after the Battle of New York debacle, but their relationship had always been built on disappointed looks and aggravated sighs. Tony said things sometimes just to aggravate him because Steve was so easy to get to.
Tony would never reach Steve’s standards. These standards were set by his father, Howard Stark, first. Finding out Tony existed was finding a loose thread in a new sweater that Steve could pull on. He knew Howard, so he thought he would know Tony. That fell through quickly when Steve was provided information and met him for the first time. Steve was still getting used to the 21st century, and Tony was practically the master of it. Tony was too much at one time, and Steve had subconsciously never forgiven him for it.
Trust worked two ways though. Tony was frustrated with Steve for the same reason: Howard. His father had painted this picture-perfect view of Captain America that haunted Tony all his life. It wasn’t fair, but Tony hated the man before he’d even met him. Then, Steve claimed to know so much about Tony without even a decent conversation, and Tony hated that more than anything. There was a short list of people that Tony trusted, and it was those people who knew him true and fair. Steve had never been on this list. Yet, there he was, fresh into the 21st century, claiming to know how people like Tony were like he knew the back of his hand.
To make matters worse, Steve contributed to Tony’s PTSD. Tony had nightmares after New York. They affected him so much that they affected his relationship with Pepper, that and other things. Over and over again, Tony would see himself going through the wormhole only for it to close behind him, leaving him stranded in space. Tony would wake up, reminding himself that he was on Earth, but that didn’t stop him from thinking about the fact that he had almost ended up like that. A few seconds more, and Tony would’ve been left in space because of the brief decision making of their Captain. They had never really talked about it, but Tony remembered it with almost every nightmare.
Tony had trust issues with Natasha from the start. After posing as his PA, Tony had a hard time believing she was doing anything for anyone’s benefit except her own. That wasn’t always fair to think, but that was how Tony felt. She was very manipulative, and Tony couldn’t find himself comfortable with that. He had a whole history of people manipulating him, so excuse him for wanting to keep those kinds of relationships out of his life. Then, she and Steve neglected to inform him of what was going on with HYDRA and SHIELD. Sure, their excuse was that they couldn’t trust anyone, but that exclusively translated: they couldn’t trust him.
Clint and Tony had never gotten close. Tony hadn’t really known him before the New York battle, and he had only just come out of being mind controlled. Anything he knew about Tony that wasn’t from experience was from Natasha. Natasha was very good about telling certain parts of information and not others while coming off as a neutral party. She always had an ulterior motive, even if she didn’t know it. The sad thing was Tony and Clint actually got a long pretty well before Ultron. They both had the same sardonic sense of humor and agreed on things practically.
Everything changed after Ultron. It started with Steve returning to his holier-than-thou attitude, constantly remind Tony in the subtlest ways on how he had fucked up and created Ultron. Tony got tired of telling him it wasn’t that simple. Steve acted like Tony couldn’t be trusted alone anymore, like he was a child. He acted like Tony had some secret plan to destroy the entire planet, the one he actually lived on. Whether or not the others agreed with Tony on how ridiculous Steve’s logic was, they would never speak up because of how annoyed they were at Tony.
Tony could get over all of that. He could admit that he fucked up messing with stuff that he shouldn’t have—even if his mind had been invaded—but that was exactly the problem: the witch. After everything was all said and done, Tony had been expecting the see the witch and her brother in custody. Imagine his surprise to find out Pietro Maximoff had died, and Steve and Clint were consoling Wanda.
“She lost her brother, Tony,” Steve chastised like Tony had no empathy.
“Yeah, and she also had a hand in why. She helped him!” Tony argued.
“So did you!” Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes, tired of the same argument.
“You know I didn’t! Stop trying to use me as a scapegoat for everything that went wrong.”
“You created Ultron,” Steve argued just as strongly.
“Wrong. I created a program that I conveniently named Ultron, which was still dormant when Bruce and I left it. It killed JARVIS and was aided by the twins.”
“None of that changes the fact that you cre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Rewrite
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Not Steve Friendly
why isn't that tag common yet
Not Wanda friendly at first
Intern Peter Parker
Slow Burn
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Canon Compliant
seriously i mess up the timeline
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

