Work Text:
‘Anya!’The young maid stopped dead in her tracks. She had been so close to getting away with it for the day. But not quite close enough.‘You are requested for duties in Prince Loki’s chambers immediately.’ The head maid told her firmly.Anya nodded in agreement, then slowly made her way there.Her stomach was in knots the entire time. She hated having to do duties in Loki’s chambers. He had started toying with her of late. Hands up her skirt, forcing her to come with his fingers. Then he would make her suck them clean. Or he made her kneel on front of him, to give him a blowjob.Each and every time she was cleaning his chambers, he did something sexual with her. But not once had she said no, in fear of the consequences for denying a Prince. So she kept quiet.But today, she was in for so much more than she had bargained for.When she entered his chambers, he was stood in the middle of the room, just watching and waiting. A hunger in his eyes while he eyed her up closely. Even while fully dressed, she felt completely naked under his scrutinising gaze.She bowed her head in respect at the Prince. Then she made her way to start cleaning, but Loki stepped in closely behind her, making her freeze on the spot.Large, firm, hands came to rest on her hips. He squeezed her and leaned in close to her, his breath tickling over her neck. ‘Mmm, you do have such wonderful child bearing hips…’ He pressed himself flush against the back of her and reached up to fondle her breasts.‘And these… so luscious. But think how wonderful they would be filled with milk.’ Anya’s eyes widened at his words. She let out a squeal and attempted to bolt away from him. But Loki was quick to use his Seidr, removing her clothes from her before then pouncing on her again.She barely made it across the room before he captured her. He bent her over the nearest surface, which happened to be the table that was near the fireplace. Restraining her arms behind her back, he moulded his body against hers and pinned her down on the table. Using his feet, he nudged hers open and then stepped between her legs.Anya let out a sob in defeat. He was too powerful to even attempt to fight against. But she knew he was going to take her this time, she could feel the large bulge of his arousal against her backside, grinding against her.‘I am going to fuck you, repeatedly. Until you are filled with my seed, to carry my child. I will keep you tied to my bed until you conceive if I need to. No matter how long it shall take.’ He growled into her ear, enjoying the way she started trembling.Loki trapped both her wrists in one of his hands, freeing his left hand to slide down between them and between her legs. He purred in delight when it didn’t him long to get her wet, aroused and ready for him. Her body yielding to his long, devilishly skilled fingers that brushed over her clit and curled inside of her.He made short work of getting his cock free, then before Anya knew it, he was pushing inside her. She let out a gargled cry as her body was forced to mould around him. He was so big, she was worried he was going to tear her apart.But to her relief and surprise, all she could feel was pleasure as he filled her to the hilt. It hurt slightly when he bumped deep against her cervix, but it melted into the pleasure wonderfully.Loki grinned and started really pounding into her when he heard little moans and whimpers escape from between her lips. He grinded his hips firmly against her, getting so deep. She was starting to worry he was going to burst through into her stomach.Her breasts were pressed painfully into the table while he fucked her. With each thrust she was moved further over the table, her legs dangled helplessly down unable to reach the floor. All she could do was take it and enjoy it. Whether she wanted to or not.‘Your mind may not want this. But your body certainly does, my dear. I can feel your delightfully tight cunt squeezing my cock in the most wonderful way. I know your body craves for my sperm, to have my child. Which you will.’ He growled and nibbled on her shoulder.He knew he’d won when he felt a gush of her arousal coat his cock. He was right. As always.Anya kept whimpering when he pushed her closer and closer towards another orgasm. Then just before she came, he beat her to it. He exploded inside of her, shooting thick ropes of come deep into her. The feeling of being filled with his seed fuelled her own orgasm and she shook violently on the table beneath him, crying out in garbled words.Loki gasped and almost collapsed on top of her from the tightness when she clamped down on him. Her body not wanting him to leave until he gave her everything he had.When Anya came down from her high, she realised that Loki was still lodged deeply inside. She felt so full, it was almost uncomfortable. With the weight of him on top of her still, too. She started wriggling but soon stopped when Loki pressed his hand to the back of her neck in a threatening manner.‘Stop squ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con - Freeform
Maid
Forced Breeding
Forced Orgasm
forced impregnation
Fingering
Restraints
Bondage
Dominant Loki
Dom Loki
non-con
Prince Loki
Breeding

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

