Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

An old conversation.



Notes:
Beautiful cover art by Lovesfic.
A/N Quick reminders: no uploading to other sites; I do check and they will be removed. No, I won't edit for content; this work is marked "E" for a good reason. If you don't like where the story is going, that's what the "back" button is for. I won't mind if you opt out. 
If you do stay on board, please check the "angst" tag and pick up your comfort basket at the entrance of the blanket fort. There's tea, warm cookies, a bar at the back, free wi-fi, and a stack of freshly washed, warm fuzzy blankets. I hear pizza gets delivered on Fridays. 
Finally, this is a romance, and I firmly believe in happy endings.
 --SHO




Chapter Text

 

 

"Do you miss him, Aunt Peggy?"


"Of course I do, Darcy." 


"Would you have married him?"


"Yes.  Steve was a good man, in every way possible.  He would have been a fantastic partner in life."  


"That seems really sad.   You never got a chance.  It’s not fair."


Aunt Peggy gave her an odd smile, one that she wouldn’t understand for another fifteen years or so.  


"When Steve died. I thought so too.   I was falling in love with him.  And I think he might have come to love me.  But after the war, I had a great deal of time to think.  One of his good friends became my good friend and I came to realize that Steve already had someone he loved very much.  He changed the course of the war--of history--because of that love.  


"If Steve had been in love with me, he would have found a way to come home.  But, you see, Steve had already lost his love.  I didn’t understand it then, but his soul had been destroyed.  He shaped the world, one last time, because that was the sort of man he was.  And then he went to be with his love.   I met him when he was only twenty-four.  He died two years later, far too young, like so many of the men I knew."


"Aunt Peggy, that’s awful."


"It is.  But Darcy, Steve taught me something.  We should all hold out for that kind of love.  It’s worth climbing every impossible obstacle to have it."


"Did you love Uncle Daniel that much?"


"I still do."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Thor/Jane Foster
Natasha Romanoff/Clint Barton
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Angst
I love angst
slow
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
SCIENCE!
Thor Is Not Stupid
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Peggy Carter
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Angst with a Happy Ending
Darcy and JARVIS are BAMF siblings
Post-Thor (2011)
CA:TWS gave me the feels and I had to FIX this
Mostly canon compliant through Ultron 'cept nobody dies in this fic
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Thor/Jane Foster
Natasha Romanoff/Clint Barton
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Darcy Lewis

