Work Text:

1
The king's sons were both short, though Loki, thinnest, nearly reached Sif's nose. She'd thought they would be taller. Standing to either side of the queen, they looked down at her from the steps. Thor, the bright one, smiled. The other pursed his lips and said, "Are we supposed to play with her?""Who wants to play with you?" Sif snapped.Her father laughed and drew her back. He bent to her, his hair brushed her brow, and he whispered, "Behave yourself." His fingers bit into her arm. Through the dark curtain of her father's hair, she saw Loki smile at her.Her father shook her. "Do you hear me?""All right!" She scowled and looked away. "Fine."What the queen thought of Lieff Hoffson and his graceless, skinny daughter, she did not show. Sif's father turned to her and the queen smiled graciously at them both, as if Sif had not insulted the second prince. Far from insulted, Loki looked amused."Please," said her father, "forgive my daughter. She's very demonstrative."Sif frowned. 'Demonstrative' was one of her father's nice words; it meant "unladylike and rude." The queen did not hear this."She's fearless," said the queen, "and confident in herself." She smiled at Sif then, and Sif thought perhaps she loved the Queen Frigg a little for the way her eyes crinkled as if to say, And I think that's very good indeed.The queen turned to her sons, first Thor then Loki, and said, "Won't it be nice to have someone new to play with?""Yes!" Thor cried. He grinned at Sif and then looked around his mother at Loki. "I like her already. She thinks Loki's rude, too," he teased.Loki's eyes lidded. "I don't care what she thinks," he said.Then, and Sif nearly laughed for the surprise, the queen pinched Loki's ear. He jumped and yelped as she dragged him about to face Sif. Sif's father turned his face away, either out of respect for the prince or mortification."You are a prince," the queen said quietly, "and you will treat our guest and your new friend with kindness and respect.""Yes, Mother," said Loki quickly. "I'm sorry." His eyes flicked up to Sif and then away again. Sif bit back a laugh. "I shouldn't have been cruel."Sif's father touched her arm. "And what do you say?""What?"She glanced back to Loki, who'd grown pale - paler, anyway - and refused to look at her. Indignation welled in her; why did she have to accept an apology the queen had ordered? He stared down at his boots. The tips of his ears stuck out from his head.The thought startled her: he was only a boy. They were both only boys, for all their airs and titles. Sif made a face."I accept your apology," she muttered. "Thank you for making it.""There." The queen beamed. "That didn't hurt at all. Now, go play nicely, all of you. I have some business to discuss with Sif's father."As her father rose to join the queen, Thor descended to meet Sif. He was short, but already thick through the shoulders, and when he smiled his whole face lit up."You're tall for a girl," he said frankly."You're short for a prince," she retorted.Thor shrugged. "I'll get bigger. Loki will, too. He's already tallest."She looked up to Loki, who lingered a few steps behind Thor, like a thrall or a shadow. He was looking at her, frowning a bit. Loki started when their eyes met and snapped his head around to look instead to the sky."He's rude, too," said Sif."He's just shy," Thor said easily. "He doesn't know you, that's all. Do you know how to use a slingshot? You have big arms."She tossed her hair. "A slingshot and a bow. And I can wrestle, too.""Ha!" Thor crowed. "I knew it! Best two out of three.""If you can get up again," she shot back.Thor laughed and dropped into a stance, knees split, arms wide. Sif grinned and mirrored him."You're going to ruin your clothes," Loki called at them."I don't like them anyway!" Thor shouted."Mother won't be happy."What a baby, Sif thought. She bet he couldn't even lift a wooden sword without hurting himself. He probably cried when he had to use a knife to cut his meat. Now he stood on the last step, arms crossed, his mouth pulled down at the corners. His hair shone like a raven's wing in the muted yellow light."Three-two-one-go," said Thor, and he lunged for her.Sif, caught off-guard, thumped his back furiously and shouted, "That's cheating! You're cheating!" and struggled with Thor in the grass without thinking to pull her punches.Father scolded her later for bruising the prince's eye, and Mother cried, "What have you done to your dress!" but Sif found she didn't much care. She fell into the bath and shouted at the heat, and she thought of Thor yelling, "All right! All right! You win! Let go!" and Loki standing at the edge and saying, "You got beat by a girl!"When, to her father's repeatedly expressed surprise, the queen asked the day after if Sif Lieffdottir wished to come to the palace again, Sif shrugged and said, "I guess." Maybe she'd get to bruise Loki's eye, too. 

2
"Have you considered whether there's more to life than trying to kill each other
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sif

freeform: 
Pre-Canon
Family Drama
Awkward Adolescent Feelings

fandom: 
Loki/Sif

