Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
One, two, three Not only you and me Got one eighty degrees And I'm caught in between
Babe, pick a night To come out and play If it's alright What do you say?
 
Tony lay awake in the room he shared with Steve, listening to his boyfriends moans echoing down the hall. Why had he been listening to Steve’s yelling Bucky’s name for the past hour you ask? Well, because Tony made a dumb ass decision to keep him around just to lose him anyway.
Tony had only been dating Steve for about 5 months when Bucky Barnes decided to show up in their lives. Steve and Sam had been chasing down the soldier for some time with no luck, when he literally showed up on their couch. The couple had just arrived back to the tower from a gala Pepper had forced on them when they received the shock of their lives. Tony couldn’t even remember what they had been talking about on the way up, because as soon as he saw Barnes and saw the look on Steve’s face when he realized who it was, well they didn’t call Tony a genius for nothing. Tony saw the writing on the wall, but that didn’t mean he didn’t want to cling to the corner of happiness he’d found for as long as he could.
After a week of watching Steve’s longing gazes and Bucky’s smirk back knowing exactly what Steve wanted when he gave those looks, Tony told Steve he should be with Bucky to. The team thought Tony was doing it for altruistic reasons, but in actuality, Tony’s motivations we purely selfish. He knew at some point Steve would go back to the love of his life, but Tony wanted to keep the super soldier around for as long as possible before that happened. It worked for a while, but as usual it was Tony’s issues that began to drive Steve further and further away from him, that issue being their sex life.
The problem wasn’t that Steve didn’t enjoy sex with Tony, the problem was that Tony’s sex drive had diminished over the years. He still enjoyed it, especially with Steve since he loved the man, but usually Steve would have to coax Tony in the mood. Being that Tony’s body was getting more sex than it actually needed; Tony hadn’t initiated sex with Steve since that first month they were together. It often made Steve feel that he was pressuring Tony when in actuality Tony felt the exact opposite. He loved that Steve wanted him that much so even if he wasn’t in the mood, he felt desired and loved to the point he wanted to make Steve feel as good as he made Tony feel. If Steve’s moans and cries of ecstasy when inside Tony were anything to go by, Tony had been doing a damn good job of it to.
But of course, no one wants someone they have to convince to have sex with them all the time. Of course Steve wanted a boyfriend that would just look at him and not be able to keep from climbing him like a tree. All of which Steve now got in spades with Bucky. The distance between Tony and Steve happened gradually. The first couple of weeks Steve managed to split his time between the two men pretty well when they weren’t all together. It was fairly easy with Bucky now staying in the penthouse of the Tower with them. The first time Tony saw Steve slipping through his fingers was when Bucky came up from the gym, still sweaty from his work out and gazed heatedly at Steve before licking his lips. Steve flushed beside where he and Tony were cuddling on the sofa. He barely kissed Tony goodbye tripping over himself to follow Bucky after the soldier announced he was going to shower.
That was pretty much the beginning of the end. Tony found himself alone more and more often, listening to the guttural cries of each man flooding the penthouse more and more often to the point he started to avoid it and just shut himself in his lab to work. After coming up for air one day, hoping to catch Steve and get some alone time, Tony saw them together for the first time. It had been about three months into their arrangement and Tony was growing a little tired of being in second place. He had already told himself that he would break it off with Steve a few weeks ago and had tried several times. Problem was every time he tried to talk to Steve, Tony would receive the biggest smile when he walked into the room. Steve would look at Tony as if he missed him more than breathing, and Tony could never find it in himself to make that smile disappear.
He had more or less become resigned to his current situation with the only silver lining being those moments he had alone with his soldier, when he walked off the elevator to Bucky fucking Steve over the sofa. Tony had direct line of sight to the pair right in front of him as soon as he exited. Steve was sitting on the sofa arm, eyes closed and head thrown back clutching Bucky’s shoulders as he stood between Steve’s legs. Cum covered Steve’s chest showing he had got off at least twice already, as Bucky held his legs up pounding into him. Bucky was the only one to notice him enter and acknowledged him with a “Hey Tones” not bothering to stop his efforts to drive
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Insecure Tony
Angst
Anal Sex
Cuckolding
Rough Sex
Threesome - M/M/M
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Sneaking Around
Tony-centric
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Light Dom/sub
Dirty Talk
Tony Angst
Tony does things just to keep Steve at first
Porn With Plot
Possessive Behavior
Subspace
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

