Work Text:
  The Frost Giant's seed was still burning in Loki's raw-fucked throat when he bracketed Loki's much slighter frame between his thick thighs and plunged into Loki's untried cunt.Loki didn't put up any resistance. He was too far gone in his heat for anything else than a silent scream as the Jotun's enormous cock breached him, filling him where no one – nothing – ever had before. It hurt – it hurt so much, and Thor wasted no time in pillaging what he had now made his, relentless and unheeding of Loki's cries. But it hurt so right, too; it meant success at gaining the thorough attention of a powerful alpha, which fed to a strange satisfaction beginning to coil somewhere within Loki, intoxicating his already heat-addled mind even further. He didn't care about the pain – he didn't care about anything that wasn't Thor's cock or his overpowering scent filling all of Loki's senses.It had been that thick, heady scent that had been Loki's undoing to begin with, that had called to something primal deep in his very core and turned him needy and sopping wet in but a few seconds in the worst possible moment. He had been successful at sneaking his way into Jotunheim, had gone unnoticed in the high hallways of Laufey's palace. Had he not encountered Laufey's infamous runt in the otherwise vacant hallway, he would have become the first Asgardian in ages to make it into Laufey's treasury and see the rumoured Casket of the Ancient Winters with his own eyes.Perhaps Loki had been careless, overconfident; he had never lost himself in the presence of any alpha before. Or perhaps no preparations would have protected him against the way Thor affected him. Whichever the case, it hardly made a difference now.Loki had seen the exact moment when his own scent had hit Thor. The Jotun's head had whipped around, his crimson eyes seemingly finding and focusing on Loki even before Loki's invisibility spell had wavered and failed him. Thor's nostrils had flared, he had rounded on Loki in mere moments, and Loki, despite vaguely realising somewhere in the back of his mind that he should run, had let him.Had welcomed him.Loki's wail echoed in the frozen hallways as Thor mounted him, pulling Loki's head back by the hair as he ploughed Loki's waiting cunt with all his might. Loki could only claw uselessly at the icy floor, knees slipping, only kept in place by Thor's hold on his hips as Thor fed his cock into him with long, powerful thrusts. Thor's was the first cock to breach Loki's folds – the only cock, too, should Thor knot him – and for the first time in his life Loki understood the deep, profound satisfaction of being filled… of being bred. He moaned; he needed this alpha's seed, and not in his mouth. He needed it deeper. He needed it inside.Thor grunted and pinned Loki's chest to the ground with a large palm between his shoulder blades, following suit and covering Loki's back with his enormous bulk. Loki's head reeled with the intoxicating sensation of being so completely and overwhelmingly surrounded by the alpha, Thor's puffs of breath hot on his skin, Thor's guttural growls now directly in his ear. Loki mewled, arching his back in the sweet mixture of pleasure and pain, canting his holes for his alpha's pleasure, displaying his willingness and begging for his knot. Alphas only sired their offspring while knotting; Loki was desperate to prove that he was worthy of Thor's.Thor growled in approval and bore down on him with such vigour that Loki's knees finally began sliding apart on the floor, slippery with his own slick constantly trickling down his thighs. Thor was pressing him all but flat on the floor with his bulk, keeping only Loki's hips off the ground with an arm around his waist. His free hand landed on Loki's thigh, now near parallel to the floor, and grabbed it in a hard to grip to pull Loki back on his cock as he kept thrusting in. Thor was losing his rhythm; the pressure was rising, the intensity was pushing Loki closer and closer and closer, and Thor was so big, so hard, so much--Loki came with a long whine, his pussy pulsating with the intensity of his release and come spurting from his entirely neglected cock. He shook in hot and cold waves, the glacial floor a stark contrast to the heat of their coupling, and were it not for Thor's arm around his hips, he would have collapsed entirely. But his alpha held on to him, and didn't relent even when Loki's body no longer shuddered with the aftershocks. Instead, Thor drove into him in a renewed frenzy, ignoring Loki's pained whines. Loki, unthinkingly, made a weak attempt to crawl away from the unrelenting stimulation, but his alpha growled in warning, tightening his grip on Loki and reminding him of his place. Thor's teeth sank into his neck, and when Thor, content with the mark he had left, pressed his lips to it, Loki tilted his head to show more of his throat as both an apology and an acknowledgement of his alpha's control.He moaned when Thor accepted his offering, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Jotun Thor
Aesir Loki
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Dubious Consent
Dom/sub Undertones
Vaginal Sex
Mpreg
Pregnancy Kink
Breeding
Breeding Kink
Knotting
Gratuitous Smut
Size Difference
Size Kink
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Wet & Messy
DO NOT REPOST ON ANY SITE IN ANY FORM THANKS

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

