Chapter 1: Birthday Girl Gets the First Drink
    


Summary:

It's her birthday and she'll cry if she wants to, or if crying happens to be the situationally-appropriate response.





Chapter Text
The party had started a half hour ago and she still wasn’t there. Bucky was sitting at one of the poker tables that had been set up in the den, along with Steve, Tony, Sam, and Rhodey, all high-ranking members of the mob. He had just lost several hundred dollars and was about to ask Steve to spot him some more to keep him in the game when a guttural shout broke through the pop music playing on the surround-sound speakers.“Where the hell is she!?”“Honey, please, she’s just getting changed—just come in here for a little drink.”Y/N’s parents came through the door of the den. Her mother had delicate hands placed around her husband’s meaty arm, somehow steering him into the den despite their massive size difference. Her father, the formidable Obadiah Stane, was red-faced and shaking with rage.Tony immediately stood to go placate him, motioning to Jarvis at the bar to make him a stiff drink.Mrs. Stane looked tired and on the verge of tears as her husband threw obscenities and curses around about their daughter. “I throw her this fucking birthday party and the ungrateful girl doesn’t bother to show her fucking face—I’m this close to marching up there and beating the shit out of her!”His wife tried to placate him. “Darling, please. She’s just getting changed—she had to change her entire outfit and redo her makeup after you told her she couldn’t wear the gold dress.”Obadiah only grumbled.He had a temper at the best of times—of course he couldn’t give his daughter a break just because it was her birthday.Obadiah was her stepfather, technically, but nobody ever talked about that. Seriously—nobody. One time, a lower member in the mob had merely mentioned Y/N’s biological father, and the next time anyone heard about him, his body had washed up in the Hudson.So everyone acted like Obadiah was her real father—even Y/N.Bucky shared a look with Steve. They could only imagine how the argument about the dress went. They had seen the dress, too—a formfitting number with a slit high up the thigh, thin straps on the shoulders, the fabric covered in glitter. It had been hanging up in her room for the better part of a month, and she had been so excited about finding “the perfect dress” for her debut.Well, Bucky knew the first time he had seen it that her father would never let her wear it. Maybe he should’ve warned her in advance.Steve hadn’t said anything about it either. Then again, Y/N and Steve still weren’t speaking that much. They hadn’t been for the better part of the year. When Bucky had asked Steve what that was all about, Steve shrugged and said she was mad at him about something.When Bucky told Y/N what Steve had said and asked what she was mad about, she had huffed and said that she hadn’t been mad about anything, but she sure as hell was now.Bucky thought they might get over it, but then Steve started dating Peggy and it only seemed to get worse.As a result, Bucky had seen less of her, too. Now that he and Steve were getting older and more involved in the mob, they didn’t have as much time for her. She had been so busy over the past year with school and extracurricular clubs. They went to her high school graduation ceremony barely a month ago and teased her about all the cords that were draped over her shoulders.Now it was her eighteenth birthday and her parents had thrown her the most extravagant party. Casino games were set up in the den like some kind of Monte-Carlo replica. There was a dance floor and drinks (non-alcoholic for the kids). The entire backyard of the Brooklyn brownstone was decked out in Christmas lights and flowers.Not everyone had arrived yet, but it was starting to fill up.“She’s here!” someone called from the foyer, and all of the high school students started to file into the other part of the house to see Y/N come down the steps.Her parents went with them. Steve and Bucky wandered over to the bar and Bucky ordered two fingers of scotch. He would need to be drunk for the rest of the night.There were too many young people around. It made his skin itch.“It’s like my junior prom all over again,” Tony muttered, echoing his thoughts. “I swear, if she weren’t my goddaughter…”From where he was counting his winnings at the poker table, Rhodey said, “Well, nothing’s keeping me here like that. As soon Stane’s occupied enough, I’m going to Jasmyne.”“That new club downtown?” Sam asked, “I’m in. The sooner we get outta here, the better. You guys wanna come?” he asked Steve and Bucky.Steve shrugged and Bucky said, “I think we have to stay. If we don’t, Y/N’s probably gonna cut our throats.”Tony snorted. “She wouldn’t do that. But she would cry, and you know how she gets when she cries.”Bucky cringed. He did know. It wasn’t fun.They played one more game of poker before Rhodey and Sam headed out. The party was raging o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Alternate Universe
Dark!Steve
Dark!Bucky
Dubious Consent
Innocent Reader
Tony is a mob boss
Steve is very controlling
Spanking
Smut
Slight Age Difference
Only 4 years
Power imbalance sort of
Bucky and Steve have a history ;)
Overuse of pet names
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Dom/sub Undertones
Dirty Talk
Crying
Dacryphilia
thigh riding
first sexual experiences
Fingering
Hand Jobs
Overstimulation
Forced Orgasm
Rape/Non-con Elements
Deepthroating
Steve loves to make people cry?
Face Slapping
Semi-Public Sex
Teasing
Emotional Manipulation
Breathplay
Somnophilia
Light Bondage
Rimming
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Double Penetration
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Gaslighting
Possessiveness
Rape
Coercion
Abusive Relationships
I'm not kidding this story is dark and includes rape
Also this will have a happy ending depending on what you feel qualifies a happy ending
There will also be a sequel

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

