Chapter 1: one
    




Chapter Text
On the anniversary of Ben’s death, Peter makes it an entire three hours before he screws up. The twelve StarkPads he’s supposed to set up around the conference table are now strewn across the floor instead, and every employee who isn’t supposed to notice their current intern is staring at him. Including his immediate supervisor, Mr. Jessup, who – yes, is giving him the Glare of Doom. “I – I’m so sorry, sir,” Peter says and dives to the floor to gather up the tablets. At least Mr. Jessup doesn’t reprimand him in front of everyone, which is more than Peter knows interns in other departments can say. Then again, those interns aren’t sixteen, so maybe –“Here.”Peter blinks at the StarkPad that has just appeared in his field of vision. “Good thing they’re designed to be sturdy.”The voice belongs to a tall, kind-faced man with a three o’clock shadow and stunning blue eyes which are currently trained on Peter.  “Um, yes. I… Thanks.”“No problem.” The man smiles. “How about you go left, I go right?”It takes Peter a moment to understand the guy’s suggesting to help him distribute the tablets. A quick glance at the clock confirms he’s running behind if he still wants to fetch more mugs for the coffee station and refill the diet coke that for some reason disappears quicker than he can restock whenever the marketing department is involved in anything. So he hands over six StarkPads and goes through the tedious process of connecting them to the virtual conference room environment. His unknown helper is much quicker than Peter, however, but before he can offer him another StarkPad, the guy is gone.He re-appears two minutes later with a tray of diet coke bottles. “Thank you so much, man,” Peter tells him when, at two minutes to eleven, the rest of the meeting participants descend on the now perfectly prepared conference room. “Don’t mention it. I screwed up much worse when I was in your place. You’re doing great.”“Beck, stop distracting Parker,” Mr. Jessup suddenly cuts in, and Peter pulse gives a sudden jolt, cause that means the helpful, smiling man’s –“You’re Quentin Beck,” Peter blurts, much louder than necessary for how close they’re still standing. “Your work on realistic holography is groundbreaking, I’ve read all about it, it’s gonna change the way we look at –”“Parker!” Quentin gives him a parting smile, then moves towards his spot at the conference table while Peter tries to get his mind back on the tasks ahead.Even without meeting one of the most promising engineers at Stark Industries, it would have proven difficult. May had suggested he stay home, but Peter had shaken his head. Ben has been gone for 364 days. Day 365 shouldn’t be any harder than the rest. How wrong he was. After his embarrassing mishap with the StarkPads, Peter bumps into another employee on his way back to Human Resources and promptly makes them spill their Frappuccino all over the floor. Peter loses the next twenty minutes to informing Maintenance and then helping the lady they send clean up the mess cause well, it was his fault.That means he only has fifteen minutes left for lunch, which he uses to scarf down a sandwich from the cafeteria before trying and failing to remember which report needs to be copied for the Board and which goes directly to the executive branch. “I told you to write it down, Parker,” Mr. Jessup says after a long-suffering sigh when Peter finally gathers the courage to ask him. Of course he messes up the settings on the copier – and seriously, it’s 2016, why can’t they just send their documents digitally – which causes a paper jam, which delays Peter even further. It also distracts him enough that he forgets what’s waiting for him in the Shipping department, where he has to drop off the reports to be couriered across town.Right. Janice is a Star Wars fan. She owns the same Boba Fett figurine that was one of Ben’s favorites. Peter’s certain his eyes are wet when he hands over the envelopes, but Janice barely spares him a second glance. No one pays him any attention either as he takes the few flights of stairs that separate him from the cafeteria, and by the time he enters the lounge, he feels much more composed. He heads straight for the coffee machine when –“Parker, was it?”
No, no, no…
“Quentin Beck, but you knew that already.” Peter thanks whatever gods look out for interns that he has yet to press a button, cause getting hot chocolate would certainly do nothing for his reputation.“Peter,” he manages, and shakes the proffered hand. Beck’s grip is strong, with a hint of callouses on his skin. “What’re you getting?” Beck nods towards the coffee machine. “Uh, cappuccino.”“Mind if I join you?”Any sound Peter could have made in response would have been quite embarrassing, so he simply nods and watches the other man get their beverages. At this time, the cafeteria is blessedly empty. It’s too late for lunch and too early for dinner, though there’s a 24/7 cereal and salad bar available in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Abusive Relationships
Domestic Violence
Emotional Manipulation
Hurt/Comfort
Dubious Consent
Addiction
Recovery
Therapy
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

