Work Text:
 
After all the fighting, destruction, and cleanup Tony was finally standing before the press to answer questions regarding the arrest and evidently escape of most of the Avengers as well as what transpired to cause them to end up fighting at an airport. Tony wanted to avoid the press conference; he wanted to go home and try not to continue to suffer nightmares of his mother’s cries for her husband. To not dream of those cold eyes as a shield was lifted over him. He’d honestly thought Steve was going to go for his neck, he thought the man he considered a friend was going to go in for the kill.
Tony took a deep breath before going before the press to be questioned relentlessly. He'd lived his life in the spotlight; this shouldn’t be as nerve wrecking as it was.
“Was it all your fault?” A journalist yelled out before Tony was fully in front of the gathered crowd and for some reason that caused something in him to snap.
“You want to know whose fault it is? I’ll fucking tell you.” He snapped, shocking those gathered as Tony Stark had never lost his cool when faced with the press that more than not wasn’t kind to him.
“Let’s go back to the beginning; Shield decided who the members of the Avengers would be. Of the original six Avengers only one was put through any kind of evaluation to see if they’d be approved. That single person was me who was listed as Iron Man yes, Tony Stark not recommended. The reason for that decision was because Agent Natasha Romanoff, a former KGB agent who defected to Shield and was trained in the Red Room to be a master manipulator and assassin, entered my company with a false identity committing corporate espionage.
“At the time of her entering my company she purposely got close to me while I was dying because my arc reactor core was poisoning. Shield’s reason for getting involved at that time was because I was properly preparing for my death as nothing I could do at the time could save me. So while dying of heavy metal poisoning which has side effects that would cause me not to think clearly or act as I normally would they decided to send an assassin to evaluate me. My mental state was compromised and my health was deteriorating.
“When they got what information they wanted they cornered me at a donut shop, one they surrounded so I couldn’t leave if I wanted to without using force that would have either hurt their agents or damage the shop. While Director Fury of Shield talked and distracted me Agent Romanoff injected me with an unknown substance without my consent and with no medical knowledge to know where to properly inject anything or know what was being injected to me would do. I’m lucky she didn’t kill me.
“If Shield was actually trying to help me they would have contacted the people even the public knows I trust. Both Pepper Potts and James Rhodes are listed as my medical proxies. They didn’t though; they instead took advantage of my situation. So the final decision based on the report of an assassin and manipulator who was a proven turncoat was that they wanted my technology but not me.
“No one else went through that process. Agent Clint Barton was already a Shield agent as was Agent Natasha Romanoff. With the dumped files from Shield anyone can see that Agent Barton was sent on a mission to kill the Black Widow Natasha Romanoff. He made a different decision and the assassin who’d had orders from Shield to be murdered decided to switch sides.”
Tony glared at the gather crowd taking just enough of a break to breathe.
“Steve Rogers also known as Captain America is a man from the 40s which was a very different time to modern day. Forget for a moment that everyone has grown up hearing about the great World War II legend known as Captain America. The man behind the mask is Steve Rogers, a man who continuously broke the law trying to enlist with false information.
“He was a man from Brooklyn who had a number of medical issues that would make him a liability if he’d been accepted which he’d been turned away many times because of those issues. Anyone here actually know Steve Rogers’s story and not just Captain America’s? Let me tell you right now why he was turned away again and again. Asthma, scarlet fever, rheumatic fever, sinusitis, chronic or frequent colds, high blood pressure, palpitation or pounding in heart, easy fatigability, heart trouble, as well as a family history of household contact with tuberculosis and a parent/sibling with diabetes, cancer, stroke, or heart disease. These are the reasons he was rejected and instead of getting a normal job or deciding to help the war efforts in another way he tried again and again because he wanted to be on the front lines.
“He was let into consideration as a candidate for Project Rebirth. As the only one to be given the super soldier serum he went on to promote war bonds. When he found out his closest friend Bucky Barnes had been captured by Hydra he left that to go into enemy territory in an attempt to save his friend. He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angry Tony Stark
Prompt Fic

fandom: 
None
