Chapter 1: All Roads Lead...
    




Chapter Text
Melinda
Melinda grabbed the pile of papers and started looking through them to code into the system. Another packet that would take her three hours to do. She glanced at the time on the computer. It said five-twenty. She was supposed to be done at five-forty-five but sometimes stayed later. Much later. But she had to leave on time today. Today her mother was in town and they were going out to dinner. She rifled through the papers quickly stacking them based on subject into different piles. Then she placed paper clips on each one and putting them on a separate pile, a pile she would start first thing in the morning. After finishing that, she backed out of the system and then turned off her computer. She stared at the blank screen for a few minutes, lost in thought, until her phone rang. She fished it out of her purse and looked at the screen. She answered the call.
“Yes mom.” She listened for a few seconds “No I didn’t forget, I’m about to leave now.” She listened again. “Yes, I will be there soon. Bye.” Melinda pressed the disconnect button and put her phone back in her purse. She got up and put on her coat and grabbed her purse. She walked out of the room going to the elevator and got on pressing the number one. 
Once on the street, Melinda hailed a cab and sat in the back on the twenty-minute drive to the restaurant. The cab stopped in front of the building and Melinda paid the fee and then entered the building. Her mother would already be here always being one who arrived fifteen minutes early for everything. She spoke to the hostess who gave her the table number. Melinda moved through the crowded restaurant finally getting to her destination. Her mother looked up from the menu gazing at her daughter. Melinda flashed back to her high school years, second guessing her clothing choices. 
“Hmmmm.......sit, sit. You are nearly late.” 
“But I’m not mother. I am right on time.” 
“I’ve ordered the wine already. I believe I will be getting the sea scallops with the lobster bordelaise sauce. I was thinking we could split the pan-fried calamari with hot cherry peppers unless you wanted soup instead?”
“The calamari is a fine choice mom.” She looked at the menu focusing in on the entrées. “I think I’ll have the whitefish in lemon butter sauce with a side of roasted wild mushrooms.”
Her mother nodded in approval. The waiter arrived with their wine and took their order. Melinda sent a quick text message before turning her attention to her mother.
“So how is dad?” 
“Same old same old. He golfs, he watches his sports on TV and he reads everything he can get his hands on.”
“So no issues with his hip lately.” 
“None he cares to bother me about. Of course, you could call him yourself. We are not married anymore you know.” 
“I know that mom. But you live together again. Which is weird but makes sense at the same time.” 
“His hip gives him some pain, but he won’t let that stop him from his golf game.”
“Good. I will call him mom. I’ll make sure to do it tomorrow. So how long are you in Chicago for?” 
“Just a couple days. Some old files in the agency need to be clarified for further research and consultation and I will also be having dinner with a few friends. How is your job?” 
“It’s fine.”
“You are wasting your talents there, you do know that, right?”
“Mother please. Not this conversation again. Not tonight.”
“I’m just saying that even if you don’t want to be in the field anymore, you could be teaching your skills to others. Making a difference.”
“Okay mom. I’ll think about it okay?” 
“You won’t, but thank you for saying so. I worry about you. About your life. Your choices.”
“You don’t have to. I’m fine mom. Really.” 
“So, when was the last time you went out? Besides with me?”
“I work long hours mom.”
“Yes, and then you go home to your small apartment and stay in every night. Festering in your thoughts and living in the past.” 
Melinda sighed. She took a large sip of wine. “Could we just let it go this once mom? Enjoy dinner. Talk about anything but me?” 
“You are still young Mellie. You could still have a family. You could have had one with Andrew. You need to put Phillip and Skye in the past and move forward. She’s gone. It’s been, what, thirteen years.”
“Mom, I’m 43 years old. Not an ideal age to start a family. Besides one kind of needs a partner in their life to do that. Leaves me out.”
“It shouldn’t. Look at you. You are physically fit, beautiful and still look like you are barely thirty. You would have your choice of a partner. Plus there is also adoption you know. Maria adopted and has her little family. They are doing well by the way. She asks about you. She calls me more than you do.”
Melinda smiled. She thought about her best friend. They’d gone through the Air Force Academy together both opting to be pilots. Maria left the Air Force after eight years to become a commercial pilot. Three years ago, she retired from that as well and now she was a small plane instruct
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
TeenSkye
Phil Coulson & Melinda May are Skye's Parents
Past Child Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Abuse
Past Violence
Past Sexual Abuse
Kidnapping

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson

