Chapter 1: Drift
    


        Chapter by Shaish


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Dietro non si torna

Non si puo tornare giu

Quando ormai si vola

Non si puo cadere piu

Qui non arrivano gli angeli
  “Captain Rogers.”“Ma’am.”“Do you want to talk about it?”Of course he doesn’t want to talk about it. About any of it.Silence.She shifts, sliding one leg over the other, skirt comfortably tight around her legs. “Let’s talk about something else,” she starts, “How was your morning?”Steve shifts slightly in the cool lighting of the room, wings tight against his back between himself and the couch. “It was fine.”Her expression and voice remain impassive, neutral. That’s why they hired her. “Breakfast?”Steve doesn’t reply for a moment, thinking it over. Coffee doesn’t really constitute breakfast, but he’s had to make do before and it’s fine. It is. “Coffee.”She doesn’t jot anything down in a notebook or raise a skeptical eyebrow, nothing to make him any more on edge.Still.He grips his knees slightly where his hands are resting, just barely keeping in the urge to tap his foot.She leans to the side, resting an elbow on the arm of her plush chair and lacing her fingers together, wings shifting into a more comfortable position behind her as she calmly stares him down. It’s starting to wear on him in the way silence makes people want to talk. But he doesn’t want to talk.“Look, Captain. I’ll be honest. It’s only been seven days since you were found. And your time in the ice-”“I don’t want to talk about it,” Steve cuts her off. He only feels a little bad for doing it, but his need to keep the subject from being vocalized right now far outweighs his sense of decorum.She purses her lips but nods, not taking it personally. It’s her job. She uncrosses and recrosses her legs as the blood flow gradually constricts - he can hear it - gray wings just slightly shifting again in time behind her with the movement.“What are your plans for today?” she asks.Steve bites the inside of his cheek and glances at the clock. One hour and ten minutes left.She knows he’s on S.H.I.E.L.D.’s schedule.He thinks he might snap before the allotted time is up.But still, it’s better than being left to his own thoughts. Anything is better than that. Because he remembers- 
“Come dance with us!” Bucky’s bangs are sticking to his forehead in a light sheen of sweat and his eyes are bright and alive, dancing with his excitement, white wings shifting restlessly with it behind him. The warm lights of the bar bounce off of them in soft shades.

His smile is wide and shows his teeth. Steve’s lips twitch up involuntarily.

“I don’t know, Buck. You know I’m not much of a dancer,” Steve says, which is only part of the reason he wants to stay at the table and nurse his slowly warming beer.

“Oh come on, Stevie. Half the people here don’t know how to dance. All you have to do is move,” Bucky encourages, eyes darting to the slight movement of Steve’s narrow wings. His eyes soften a little because he knows what this is really about. They light up again after a moment like a rekindled flame. “She don’t care, Stevie, I checked. Come on,” Bucky tugs gently at Steve’s elbow.

Steve lets himself be pulled up with a sigh, yanked into Bucky’s overheated side and the shelter of a wing, half finished beer bottle abandoned on the table. Steve’s wings are so small in comparison, one of Bucky’s engulfs both appendages like a blanket.

Bucky grins at him and Steve can’t help smiling back, eyes dragging to the two girls Bucky’s guiding him to.

One of them is smiling shyly at him and her light brown wings give a small, nervous flutter at her sides. Maybe it will work this time. Maybe she won’t care-
 “Captain Rogers.”Steve blinks back to the present and refocuses on Dr. Morrison. She leans back into her chair, relacing her fingers over her stomach. She’s said his name more than once, then.“Yes,” he says steadily.“Where were you?” she asks, voice still as measured and calm as ever, but her eyes narrow slightly.“Nowhere,” he says, eyes darting back to the clock (one hour left) before looking back at her. There’s so many clocks in the future, like mankind is trying to count down to something meaningful when all there is is more time.“Nowhere at all.”--“How did your session go,” Fury says rather than asks, because this is mandatory, not an option, and he doesn’t ask out of courtesy.“Fine,” Steve says, standing before Fury’s desk. Because he’s fine, even if he can still feel cold wind at his back-He catches long white in his periphery giving a halted motion as it tries to shift back, but he keeps it where it is, where he can see it. He won’t be a coward.Fury’s eye narrows at him fractionally before he leans back in his tall, black chair, dark gray wings as still and steady behind him as they have been since Steve met him. They never give anything away. Steve wishes his own would do the same.“If there’s nothing else,” Steve says, turni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sharon Carter
Trust me that second one is not exactly what you're probably thinking it is
Just trust me - Relationship
This may expand
bucky/steve
Past Natasha Romanov/James "Bucky" Barnes - Relationship
James/Natasha
I swear everyone just loves everyone
It expanded
Past Natasha/James-Bucky
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wings AU
yes - Freeform
Wings
DAMN RIGHT
I NEEDED IT
Kind of slow build up
I'm not sure of all the pairings yet
We'll see what happens - Freeform
Wing AU
Steve with wings
Bucky with wings
everyone with wings
omg
Post-Winter Soldier
kind of
Canon Divergence
Some comic-related things but not a whole lot
Minor self harm in one chapter
Split Personalities
Polyamory
poly avengers
polyamorous avengers
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Cats

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sharon Carter
Trust me that second one is not exactly what you're probably thinking it is
Just trust me - Relationship
This may expand
bucky/steve
Past Natasha Romanov/James "Bucky" Barnes - Relationship
James/Natasha
I swear everyone just loves everyone
It expanded
Past Natasha/James-Bucky
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

