Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

May 4th, 2012

The little boy crouched over the body of his aunt. His ears were ringing—he barely noticed the aliens rushing around on the main street, the heroes clashing desperately with the army, the screams and cries almost overshadowing the sounds of the battle. He’d barely carried his aunt here, to this abandoned back alley, stinking of blood and garbage.
He had to leave behind his uncle. There was no fixing the rubble that crushed his body.
He leaned over his aunt. “May?” he whispered, shaking her body a little bit. She didn’t move. Her eyes were closed and blood was trickling down his mouth. “May, wake up, please. I’m here. I’m here for you.” He wiped away the blood on May’s face and shook her shoulders again. “I need you, May. Please don’t leave me. Not you, too. I—“ He was at a loss of words. He just stared at his aunt’s face with tears in his eyes, desperately holding onto her. Even though he knew. She was gone.
She was gone, and with her any family that he had in this world. He was alone.
A scream ripped his throat, and with it, from his open palms, a mess of webs shot out—the powers that he didn’t even have the chance to discuss with his aunt and uncle coming forth in his moment of desperation. The webs covered May’s body like a cocoon, protecting her from outside. He clenched his fists as he pulled them back.
“Sir, I think I found something.” The boy’s focus was shifted when he heard a voice behind him. He looked up to see a man, clad in black, standing in the alley.
His senses sparked up. Bad, bad, bad, they said. He didn’t know how, but he knew he wanted to get as far away from this man as possible.
“It’s a boy with superpowers. He could be useful.” He rushed to his feet. He didn’t want to leave May’s body here—he wasn’t ready to say goodbye yet. But he also knew, if he let this man get close to him, he’d be as good as dead. Maybe…worse.
He rushed to the end of the street and pressed his fingertips on the wall. He felt them stick. Quickly he scaled the wall, stumbling every now and then, but still fast that by the time the man was underneath him he was too high up for his reach.
Thus Peter Parker reached the rooftop and ran, tears streaming down his face.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
canon compliant until iron man 3
peter parker is 11 years old
peter has his powers
Irondad
Alternate Universe - Homeless
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff
Irondad fluff
more tags will be added

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

