Chapter 1: Tony/Reader
    




Chapter Text
The music was blaring. And when you said the music was blaring, you meant blaring. And, dating Tony Stark, you knew what you were talking about when you said blaring. Tony said something to you, but over the music, you couldn’t hear him. Despite the fact that he sat beside you on the sofa. His sofa, on his level of the Avengers Tower.
Where you should not be.
Because, as far as the others knew, you two were not dating.
You shook your head, indicating that you had no idea what he’d just said.
Tony smirked and shouted into your ear. “This song makes me so hot.” He wasted no time in attacking your neck with his mouth.
You tilted your head, allowing him better access and then let yourself be pulled into his lap. His beard felt wonderful as it dragged across your skin. You ran your hands over his chest, reveling in the cool metallic feel of his arc reactor and the contrast of the warm light that it emanated. You moved your hands upward, running through his dark hair, while his hands wandered down, grasping your hips. You rocked your hips against his as he ground his up against you.
Tony’s hot breath on your skin was driving you crazy, spurring you on. You felt yourself moan. But, over the loud music, you couldn’t hear it. You imagined what Tony was saying, what you couldn't hear. He was likely moaning, grunting, or chuckling into your skin. He was probably talking dirty, telling you how turned on he was, how hot you were, calling you 'baby.'
He moved his hands under your shirt and slowly started moving them upwards, towards your chest. His touch seemed to spur you on, and you rocked harder against him. Your hands moved down and started undoing the button on his pants.
You felt, rather than heard, him growl into your neck. He flipped you onto your back and pressed you into the couch. You both worked at pulling off his shirt and tossing it across the room. The cool, blue light of Tony's arc reactor emanated from his chest. His lips moved down to meet yours. He was attacking your mouth, his kisses all bite and rasp of stubble.  
Suddenly, the loud music was replaced by silence, and an irritating ringing in your ears. Tony got off of you and pulled you into a sitting position. You both looked across the room. Tony, shirtless and out of breath, and you, just as breathless as Tony with disheveled hair and clothing, looked toward the sound system controls to see Clint, wide-eyed and slack jawed.
"We just, uh..." you started, unable to come up with any sort of excuse.
"We were about to have sex, Clint. And thank you oh-so-very much for interrupting," Tony said, rolling his eyes.
Clint blinked, as if he was unable to reconcile the sight before his eyes.
"Clint?" you asked. "You okay there?"
"Your music was really loud."
"Yes, it was, thank you. Do you mind getting out now?" 
You glared at Tony as Clint started for the door that he had, apparently, left open. 
"Just don't tell anyone, please?" you asked.
"Tony can you keep the mus- What the hell?"
You and Tony both whipped your heads around to see Steve standing in the doorway.
Great.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Thor/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Self-Insert
Making Out
Tony is shameless
Steve is a cutie
Bruce hulks out
Fluff
saying goodbye
Sam Has Issues
but don't we all
Light Bondage
Light BDSM

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Thor/Reader

