Chapter 1: Replacement
    




Chapter Text
Peter whistled as he walked into the compound. The elevator doors slid open smoothly and he strolled into the Avengers lounge. For some reason, his senses were buzzing slightly, and Peter was kind of jumpy.
Sitting on a sofa was Tony Stark. And some guy Peter had never seen, with tousled blond hair and blue eyes. Scattered around on the other chairs were all the Avengers, just kind of sitting there. Peter blinked, confused. Tony was never willingly near anyone other than Peter, the Avengers, and Pepper. And he was laughing.  Tony rarely laughed near strangers. "Hey, Peter," Tony said, looking up at Peter. "H-hey, Mr. Stark," He replied, confused. "This is Joshua. (This name was literally in the request XD) He's my new intern. He's a literal genius. Smarter than anyone I know," Tony introduced. 
Okay, ouch. That stung a bit.
He noticed Natasha giving Tony a reproachful look, and Clint looking a bit bewildered. What exactly was going on?
Peter forced a smile and met eyes with the intern. "My name's Peter. Peter Parker. Nice to meet you!" He exclaimed. 
There was a weird, tight feeling in his chest, and he wondered what it was. Was it... jealousy?
This was ridiculous. Why would he be jealous of some intern? And one he had just met?
"We were going to work in the lab some today. You're not really needed," Tony said bluntly.
But Peter and Tony were going to work on his suit today. They had been planning it for weeks! Peter shoved down his jealousy. The intern needed to be shown the ropes, and Peter wouldn't get in the way of that.
"Y-yeah, that's okay," Peter managed, choking on the words. Joshua looked up and sent a grin in Peter's direction. This only made his senses spark more. Stop it,  Peter told his Spidey Senses internally. Are my senses actually that petty?  Peter smiled tightly back. "Okay, I'm just going to go up to my room, I guess," He said, turning to go back to the elevator. 
"Actually," Steve said. "We gave that room to Joshua. Because, you know, you're not needed anymore." 
Peter felt like he'd been punched in the gut. "O-oh, okay then. I guess - see you around?" He asked desperately. "I don't think so," Sam said, quite pleasantly. "Bye." 
Peter choked on air. "A-alright. I suppose that means you don't need Spider-Man, either. See you never, I guess." 
He turned and ran back into the elevator, trying to shroud the treacherous tears that started to slip down his face.
Peter sought out the lab where he and Tony worked, to ask Tony for help. When he arrived, he saw Joshua talking to Tony, and Tony was smiling. "H-hey, Mr. Stark?" He asked. When Tony looked up, his face contorted. "What are you doing?" He asked angrily. "I-I'm sorry! I just - the Avengers were just saying that I n-never mind. I'm sorry for wasting your time, Mr. Stark." Tony glared. "You did. Get out of here. What a fucking idiot."
Peter used the remainder of his self control to turn and dignifiedly walk back into the elevator and continue on his way down.
No sooner had he gotten out on the bottom floor had the tears begun to fall. A hand touched his shoulder, and Peter turned to discover Natasha Romanoff standing there, looking concerned. "Peter?" She said worriedly. "Auntie Tasha!" He exclaimed, ducking his head into her shoulder to hide his crying. "What's going on?" He managed between sobs. "I don't know..." She said, concerned. "I do know, however, that the Avengers are being complete dicks." Peter sniffled and laughed. "You don't say." Nat smiled. "Clint and I... we don't know what happened. Joshua showed up, the Avengers decided he was the most amazing person ever to grace the world with his presence, and have been spoiling him. And..." She trailed off. "Mostly at your expense. Clint, Bucky, and I have no idea what's going on, what to think of him. But everyone else... Steve, Tony, Sam, Rhodey, Wanda, Vision, Pepper, Bruce, Scott, Hope... they're smitten. I don't know, I don't think he's as perfect as they're acting. I miss my baby spider." 
Peter took a few seconds to process this information. Could it be possible that they all just preferred Joshua?
Of course they do. Who wouldn't?  Asked the little voice inside Peter's head. If Joshua was so much better than him... who needed Peter?
"Thanks, Auntie Tasha. I guess... I don't know what I guess. I should go back home. I can get some extra Spider-Manning in," He said sadly. Natasha smiled at him gently. "Clint and Bucky are busy tonight, but I'm free. Do you think... do you maybe want me to come with you? On patrolling?" She asked hopefully. 
Peter smiled brightly. "You would? That would be amazing!" He gasped excitedly. 
-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-
The headlines of the next morning were unsurprising.
Spider-Man and Black Widow team up!
New arachnid hero group?
Are the arachnids of the Avengers forming a new group?
It had been an interesting night - Peter had nearly gotten shot, Natasha had been a huge help. When they were fighting a m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Irondad
Spider-Man - Freeform
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Hydra Peter Parker
One Shot Collection
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Temporary Amnesia
replacement
Torture
Mind Control
Field Trip
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
requests are open
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Day At The Beach
Sharks
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha Romanov
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Awesome Clint Barton
Protective Clint Barton
BAMF Clint Barton
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Avengers
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Peter Parker-centric

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

