Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text


”Well, I never pray, but tonight I’m on my knees, yeah. I need to hear some sounds that recognize the pain in me, yeah. I let the melody shine, let it cleanse my mind. I feel free now. But the airwaves are clear and there’s nobody singing to me now.” - The Verve (Bittersweet Symphony)


[June 4, 2018, 7:18pm]
“I’m sorry,” he said, his voice catching on the last syllable. Bucky picked up the glass of tepid water on the table beside him and took a long drink. His throat was dry and didn’t feel much better even after he’d downed more than half the glass. The man sitting across from him watched with hard eyes, presumably searching for deceit. He’d find none. Bucky was sorry. Or maybe the man was just thinking of ways to kill him. It wasn’t like he hadn’t tried before.“That all you got?” Tony Stark asked, lifting one brow.Bucky closed his eyes and swallowed the lump in his throat. When he opened them again, he said, “No. I just don’t know how to say what I want to say. Nothing I tell you will change what happened or make it any better.”“You remember crushing my mother’s windpipe?” His voice was as harsh as his gaze. Bucky watched as Tony leaned forward and rested his forearms on his knees, his fingers clenched into fists.“Yes,” he answered honestly. “I do remember. I can’t forget. It never goes away. Never. I remember every single target they sent me after, every single person who got caught in the crosshairs. I’d give my life to undo it. I know you don’t believe me, but that’s the truth, Stark.”“What am I supposed to believe?” Tony’s words were spat out and filled with pain. It felt like there was a weight crushing Bucky’s chest, preventing him from getting a full breath of air. He’d been expecting the hatred and anger, but the pain in Tony Stark’s eyes cut so much deeper.Blinking away the tears gathering on his lower lids, Bucky tried to breathe again. Half a breath, another half a breath. One more and maybe he could speak. “If I could change it, I would in a heartbeat. But I can’t. I asked the doctors in Wakanda to put me back into cryo after… after Siberia because you were right. I was a danger. I couldn’t trust my own mind.” Breathe, he thought. Just breathe through the tightness so you can keep talking. He needed Tony to understand his regret, his guilt, his sorrow. His pain. “I have no right to ask for your forgiveness. I’m sorry, Stark. I’d do anything to take it back. Even if this doesn’t go anywhere… even if you…” Buck exhaled a shaky sigh. “Even if, I want you to know it wasn’t me. It was my body and my mind, but it wasn’t me. And I think about it every fucking day. I’ll never forget.”Tony Stark set back in his chair and turned his head, eyes staring off to his left at something Bucky couldn’t see. The muscles in his jaw shifted as he clenched his teeth. There were unshed tears in his eyes, too. Bucky didn’t even know Tony, but he could feel the man’s pain. It was still raw after all these years. Just like Bucky’s pain. He might not know him, but they had one very big thing in common. And that thing had driven a wedge between them and everyone around them.Bucky reached for the glass of water again. His trembling hand fumbled as he tried to close his fingers around it. The glass slid off the small table and shattered all over the marble floor. Tony jerked his head to look at Bucky.“I dropped the glass,” Bucky explained. “I’m sorry, Stark. We… I have no right to ask you for forgiveness or acceptance or… whatever. Maybe this was a mistake. I’ll leave you alone.”Tony reached up and pinched the hair right beneath his lower lip between his thumb and forefinger, but he didn’t reply.Shaking his head, Bucky said, “I’m sorry about your parents,” and leaned forward to hit the red button on the touchpad he’d left at his feet. The hologram of Tony Stark flickered before it disappeared completely. Suddenly, Bucky was alone in a small sitting room in T’Challa’s home. He looked down at the shattered glass on the floor before closing his eyes. Talk to Stark had been a mistake. Steve was pushing too hard, expecting too much from people. 
 
[June 10, 2018, 2:57pm]
He’d been happy to see his old friend until Steve had smiled after they’d embraced, clapped Bucky on the shoulder, and said, “Good news. We’re close to a deal.”Bucky shook his head and stepped away from Steve. “It’s best if I just stay here, punk.”“Do you want to stay here?”He looked up at the blue sky over Wakanda. It was a beautiful, peaceful place. And, most importantly, it was a world away from everything he knew. Living there had allowed him to pretend like he had no past and, on most days, no future. He woke up, did his chores, and fell asleep to the sound of the insects that only sang at night. On good nights, he didn’t dream at all. Most nights were good nights, or at least they had been for the past year. “I like it here,” he told Steve.T’Challa insisted Bucky join his family for dinner twice a month. Shuri 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Romance
Slow Burn
Fake Marriage
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Hydra (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Drama
Sexual Tension
Face-Sitting
Oral Sex
Las Vegas Wedding
Marriage Proposal
Reading Aloud
Angst
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Kidnapping
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

