Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
I ah… I don't know how to start this. But I figure I should, should make a record, keep track of – of what's happened and what I know. Nothing makes sense, so, I should try to, to… I don't know. I should probably be writing this down, it'd be a lot more orderly and stuff, but I've never been much of a writer. Blank page syndrome, all the way. Speaking's easier, I'm… good at that, at least. Or not. Well, I can do it, anyway. That's more than I can do with writing.Shit, this is… already turning into a mess. Cut – cut this part out, I guess, if this ever ends up as a… whatever. I'm going to start over, I have a bunch of notes here, shit I should cover – shouldn't be swearing, probably, but it's kind of warranted here. Anyway, notes, I'll uh, I'll go through those. And start over. Uh, But here, whoever, whenever, this ends up as...Okay. My name is Desmond Miles and as far as I know, as far as I remember, I am twenty five years old. Born March 13, 1987. Don't have a social security number or ID, I don't even have a birth certificate or anything, so I don't have anything to verify this, but that's what I was told, so that's what I'm going with. That's how it is when you're perpetually on the run from everyone. But that's the baseline, Desmond Miles, born March 13, 1987, twenty five years of age.Except today it's 2018, so, uh, I should be thirty – thirty one. Shit, yeah, that's wild to think about. Except, I'm not, I'm not thirty, I don't…I've already messed this up, I should start over again. Start with the date, with, "Today is date so and so, I am in place so and so," or something like that, make it an official log, or some such. That'd be clearer. Like I'm a fucking star ship captain.(quiet laughter)This is so fucking insane…Okay, okay, fuck. Starting over again.Today is the 13th of June, 2018, and I am in New York – staying at a hotel, under a false name, obviously. The people didn't ask too many questions, they just accepted my money. They're… shell shocked, I think they were just glad to have something to… to concentrate on. Work, giving people something else to think about than the… the thing, whatever it was. The Snap.Fuck, there is just so much to cover, I don't know how to start this. I don't know how to even – shit…I'm, I'm going to get a glass of something strong from the bar, have a think, and then, then I'm going to start again. Yeah, I'll just...(click)
 14th of June, 2018, in New York. Desmond Miles, recording.That's, that's how I am going to start. Yeah. Well, maybe without the name part, I figure you can tell, whoever… is listening.I'm going to start from the beginning – from what I know, from my perspective – what I knew, waking up. Which was now… four days ago. Okay, so.The last thing I remember was… the Eye, the Grand Temple. Walking up to the pedestal, sending my dad away, my – I guess my teammates. Shaun and Rebecca. I told them all to leave, thinking – knowing, maybe, that it would be dangerous. I told them to leave, and they left and then I was alone and… I touch the Eye. I – there is no way to describe what it felt like, I can't – I've tried, but… shit. Anyway, I touched it and then, maybe – I don't know. I died? Ceased? Everything went black – or, just, stopped. Maybe I just went out, like, poof, blown away like a candle flame. Kind of felt like that. Anyway, I remember that, and that happened on the 21st of December, 2012.And obviously what I did, it worked. I checked some sites online – the hotel has a computer in the lobby customers can use, it's handy, and so much faster than I remember stuff being. Anyway, I checked it out on… on fucking Wikipedia – the whole thing has a Wikipedia page. Shaun must be – anyway. The 2012 Solar Maximum, it's titled – all about the solar event that took place, how the northern lights were visible all over the globe, and how satellites were damaged. No one died, though, so that's… that's cool.Since then a lot of shit has happened, which I missed out on, obviously, let's skip that, and start with… with what they're calling the Snap, on the news. The Snap, which was just… four days ago, apparently.So, the last thing I remember is being blown away by the Eye and then I'm… back. At the Grand Temple. In almost complete pitch black. And it was empty – no computers, the Animus was gone, just some wires and the scaffolding dad and Shaun set up on the entryway, that was still there, but everything else was stripped away.And, you have to see this from my point of view – to me it was like no time had passed, right? So I went about calling for dad and Shaun and Rebecca, but it was just me, no one else there, nothing else there. No cars in the front – some old signs of activity, but nothing much. It was… kind of scary, and disheartening. Like, if they'd just packed up and not even waited to see what would actually happen, like they just left, you know?The track from th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe
Post-AC3
Canon-Typical Violence
not so canon-typical societal unrest
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

