Chapter 1: Hawkeye and Antman
    




Chapter Text
Peter stretches out his body, his arms reaching above his head and hitting the headboard, as he wakes up. His body feeling well-rested for the first time since finding out that Mr Sta-Tony was his biological father, as the past few days his mind just wouldn’t shut off long enough for him to get a decent night’s sleep.The good night’s sleep was probably because he finally talked things out with Mr…with Tony last night. It definitely felt good to get some things off his chest, to have the man take away some of his fears and worries. There were still somethings they needed to talk about, but Peter had just felt so emotionally drained from everything, that Tony had told him to head to bed and that he’d text May that he’d be spending the night. He was so tired that he didn’t even bother to argue that ten o’clock was to early for him to go to bed or try to argue that Spider-Man need to go out and stop some muggers because that was when the real crimes started happening. The idea of his head hitting a soft pillow and his body being wrapped in a comfy duvet was just too appealing.He pats around the bedside table for his phone, and once he grabs it, he’s surprised to see that it’s only 7:30. He’s never woken up that early on a Saturday before. It’s like an un-written rule for all teenagers to sleep in as late as possible on the weekends. Then again, he did go to bed at ten, which is very early for him, so maybe it shouldn’t be that surprising that he’s up this early.“Good morning Peter. Boss would like me to inform you that breakfast is ready” F.R.I.D.A.Y’s voice brings Peter out of his thoughts.“Morning F.R.I”, Peter sits up, rubbing a hand over his face to wipe away the sleep. “I’ll be right there”.Peter shuffles out of his bed. He doesn’t bother getting dressed since it’s Saturday morning and its only breakfast, so he’s only in a pair of flannel pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. He fumbles around as he pulls some fuzzy socks on his feet to keep them warm against the cool floor.He leaves his room and heads towards the kitchen where he hears Miss Potts and Mr…Tony. He’s really going to have to try and get out of the habit of calling the man ‘Mr Stark’ now. Though he’s not sure if he’s ready to call him ‘dad’ yet. Sure, he’s accidently called him ‘dad’ to May once…maybe twice…and yes, he does see Tony as a father figure…but Peter’s pretty sure that it’s a little to soon, after everything this past week, to be pulling out the ‘D’ word.Anyway…would Mr S-Tony even want to be called ‘dad’? The man seems like he’s happy with being his father, but would calling him ‘dad’ make him feel uncomfortable?It’s probably best to wait a while before using that word. Let them both get used to their new relationship.Their new relationship.Father and son…wow.Even nearly a week later and it’s still unbelievable and mindboggling. He has a father, who is alive. A father who he used to dress up as for Halloween…he hopes May doesn’t still have those photos.Are things going to be awkward now? Last night was a little awkward…but that was mainly because of him running away the last time he saw the man, but it quickly became less awkward and began to feel more like normal.Peter really hopes that this doesn’t change anything between them. That it doesn’t become an uncomfortable silence between them as they awkwardly work in the lab, being overly aware of what the other is doing.Just the thought of their time in the lab becoming like that sends a tight panic through Peter’s body. He loves spending time with Tony in the lab and he doesn’t want to ruin that or ruin any time that they spend together.…He’s just got to try and act like normal and hopefully everything will be okay.Peter braces himself as he enters the kitchen. Miss Potts is sat on one of the stools around the kitchen island drinking a cup of coffee, dressed immaculately of course, and Tony is stood on the opposite side of the island, leaning over the countertop with his forearms, wearing a long-sleeved t-shirt and some cargo pants. Both of them turn their heads to look at him as he walks into the room, making him freeze in his step and he’s sure he looks like a deer caught in headlights.“Good morning Peter” Pepper smiles sweetly, taking a sip from her coffee. The boy’s hair is currently just a mop of untamed curls, and she thinks it’s absolutely adorable.“Morning Miss Potts” Peter is happy that his voice comes out normal.“I don’t know how many times I have to tell you, it’s just Pepper” she shakes her head, but her smile remains so he knows that she isn’t annoyed with him.Peter grins, “old habits die hard”. He walks further into the room and sits on the stool next to Pepper.“Well considering the new…revelation, maybe we could try and get the name Pepper to come out of your mouth instead. I think it might be a little weird to keep calling me Miss Potts”, there was no tiptoeing around subjects when Pepper was involved, she likes to get stra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
BAMF Pepper Potts
Sokovia Accords
Awesome Michelle Jones
Not really team Cap bashing
Just Peter rightfully telling him off
So maybe a little team Cap bashing
Tag
Panic Attacks
Friendship
Crushes
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

