Work Text:
Tony carefully set the pregnancy test down on the counter, still feeling a little stunned. He had been half-expecting this, but still. Positive. He could hardly believe it. “Congratulations, sir,” Jarvis said. “Shall I call in Captain Rogers?” Part of Tony wanted that. Wanted to fling himself into Steve's arms so they could celebrate together and make a grand announcement that Tony was carrying what was going to be the world's most genetically gifted child (and take that naysayers, all those years of partying had not left him infertile, thank you very much). But rationally, he knew that being pregnant wasn't one big happy party. Steve was going to worry and fuss over him even more than he was already. He was probably going to ban Tony from welding and operating heavy equipment. And he was definitely going to bench him from the team. Steve had been ridiculously overprotective lately. Tony was being his normal dashing self and Steve kept chastising him for being reckless. He could only imagine how much worse Steve was going to be now that he was pregnant. Steve would probably force him to go on bed rest. And Tony was not about to be bedridden for the next nine months. That would be boring as hell. “Not yet, J,” Tony said. “I'll tell him when the moment is right.” “As you wish, sir.” They both knew that there wasn't going to be the perfect moment. Tony was just going to keep working as usual until he started showing or Steve realized he'd missed his heat cycle. And then Steve was going to yell at him for endangering the baby and neglecting his own health and blah blah blah. Steve would probably be right, as usual. But, whatever. That was a problem for Future Tony. Present Tony had at least a week or two to enjoy living like a normal, non-pregnant omega. But maybe he'd try to cut down on the caffeine a little. Just a little. Surviving without caffeine was a lot harder than Tony thought. He had only been down in the lab for twelve hours and he had already fallen asleep twice. Thank god he worked alone. He wasn't in the mood for any teasing. He could really go for some chocolate. Was chocolate as bad as coffee? As if he would know. It wasn't everyday he got knocked up by a sexy supersoldier. Maybe the baby would inherit Steve's super genetics and be absolutely immune to the effects of caffeine and Tony would have suffered for nothing. But then again, the baby would inherit Steve's pre-serum genetics and be so incredibly fragile that a single sip of coffee could leave it crippled. Better safe than sorry. Tony drummed his fingers against his work table. He had no idea what he was doing. How did everyone else magically figure out this whole parenting gig? How did Tony's parents do it? Not that they were spectacular role models, but his mother had at least managed to give birth to him, and make it through an entire nine months of pregnancy without turning him into a hideous mutant blob with her ineptitude. That had to count for something. And maybe she had help. Yes, that had to be it. Nobody could be expected to handle pregnancy on their own. There had to be an instruction manual somewhere. Tony rooted in the box of Howard's old things he kept in a corner of the lab and triumphantly unearthed a series of books labeled Life Lessons. Aha. The Definitive Omega Pregnancy Guide. That looked promising. Tony flipped through a few pages, grimacing at the pictures. There were far too many pictures of heavily pregnant omegas stirring pots of soup over the stove while the burly alphas stood by, grinning widely. And the captions were even more offensive. He tossed the book into the trash can. Pregnant omegas were supposed to have a glow about them, were they? Oh, he'd show them a glow. As soon as he set the damn book on fire. “If I may,” Jarvis began. “No, you may not. Dummy, hand me my welding torch.” “I suggest investing in a modern parenting guide. Possibly more than one.” “But then Steve's going to know,” Tony whined. “Captain Rogers is an attentive alpha. He's going to find out regardless.” Tony knew that. Of course he did. He was just buying a little time. “Google, J,” he said. “Hit me with all the pregnancy facts. I'm ready for it.” Or, not, as it turned out. There were a horrifying amount of dietary restrictions. As Tony had suspected, coffee was on the big list of no's. But so was chocolate, tea, and soda. And even worse, sushi and lunch meat. What the hell was he supposed to eat now that he wasn't allowed to have sandwiches anymore? He was a terrible cook. He couldn't even stir a pot of soup without burning down the kitchen. There was also a big list of healthy things that he was supposed to eat to get all the necessary vitamins and minerals babies apparently needed. But, again, terrible cook. “Order me up some multivitamins,” Tony said. There. Then he wouldn't have to worry about eating healthy. He could just eat ice cream and peanut butter and jelly the whole nine months and he would still be fine. Just fi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Light Angst
Community: avengerkink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

