Work Text:
 Peter was hungry.No, that was a lie.He was absolutely starving.Peter winced at the melodramatic thought but really, he didn’t know how else to describe it.He wearily trudged into the tower and walked the well-known path to the elevator that would take him to the upper floors where Tony and the other members of the team lived.Since the utterly insane fight at that airport in Germany, plenty of things had changed. The issues with the Accords have been resolved after, from what Peter could tell, much arguing and many creative threats from Tony, but eventually the Avengers had managed to reconcile their differences. Tony bought back the tower; Peter had smiled secretly when the man had listed off the numerous reasons why he had done so and ‘keeping an eye on the friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man’ had been one of them. Due to that, the mentoring and cover story of an internship had continued and six months down the line, Peter was a somewhat regular guest at the tower.Which was just all kinds of insane.Just like his hunger.The sound of his stomach growling was obscenely loud in the elevator and Peter flushed eve though he was alone.He knew that his appetite had become quite excessive since the bite. Ned had stared at him in absolutely delighted astonishment when Peter had devoured two large pizzas and four sides of chicken wings during one sleepover, and that had been before his best friend knew about Spider-Man so Peter had actually been holding back that night.It hadn’t been so bad then.These days, it was almost overwhelming.Peter heaved out a heavy sigh. Fridays usually meant decathlon practice which would notoriously last for hours, followed by patrol if there was enough time, and a fairly late arrival at the tower where Tony would be waiting for him down in the lab, music blaring and Dum-E dutifully waving a fire extinguisher in greeting. Practice made it so they had to cut their lab time short so Peter had been more than glad when MJ had announced earlier on in the week that from now on, all sessions would be held on a Thursday after school instead. Peter was glad because that meant there would be more time to hang out at the tower, more time to spend with Tony.More time to not focus on the incessant hunger.His stomach rumbled again and Peter moaned softly, wishing the thing would just shut up already. The elevator doors opened and he only took a few steps forward into the penthouse before he stopped at the sight of the group of people gathered in the kitchen. There were empty pizza boxes scattered all over the place and a stack of dirty plates waiting in the sink. Steve, who was collecting the last of the crockery from the kitchen counter, looked up and spotted Peter in the doorway.''Oh, hi Peter,'' he greeted with a smile.Tony’s head peered round Steve’s left side. ''Underoos! You’re early!''''Uh, yeah…'' Peter shrank a little as multiple pairs of eyes suddenly looked at him. ''Decathlon meeting got switched to another day so…um, I’m just gonna go to the bathroom.''He hurried along, casting a forlorn look at the few crumbs that lingered in the cardboard boxes on the side, and hid in the bathroom until he couldn’t hear the sound of voices chatting cheerfully away as their Friday night dinner came to a close. When he figured it was safe, he headed down to join Tony in the lab, pasting a bright smile on his face so that the man wouldn’t suspect anything.They worked on upgrades for the Spider-Man suit for a few hours and Peter, knowing that Tony had already eaten and therefore wouldn’t take a break for the rest of the evening, talked himself out of asking if he could grab a snack at least four times, making do with cups of bitter black coffee and bottles of chilled water from the mini fridge.When he got home, he devoured the leftover meatloaf May had plated up for him, along with two yoghurts and a croissant that should have been for breakfast the next morning.He went to bed that night with hunger pains. It wasn’t that Peter didn’t eat, because he did. He ate quite a lot. Breakfast, lunch and dinner; family sized bags of chips split between him and Ned, multiple candy bars from the vending machines, snacks during decathlon meetings, whatever fruit was in the bowl at home and, when he had a little spare cash, a number 5 sandwich from Delmar’s. It was still more than the average person; he doubted most teenagers could consume an entire bunch of bananas in one go and still feel like they hadn’t eaten for three days like he could.He also doubted anybody else could eat three heaping portions of pasta bake (which was two more platefuls than their aunt had eaten) at dinner and still feel ravenous like he could.He tried to eat as much as possible, but as the bills got higher and the fridge got emptier and May became more and more anxious and worn down, he started to eat less because it was the only thing he could think of that might help. If he didn’t eat so much, the fridge had more in it for longer, the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker Whump
Anxiety
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Food Issues
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sad Peter Parker
Insecurity
Fluff
Miscommunication
hunger
Whump
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

