Work Text:
They were all spread out on the bed. Steve and Tony were naked while Peter was wearing pants. Steve was kissing Peter softly, devouring the taste of mint gum that was in his mouth. Tony was sucking on his neck, planting hickies upon hickies, nipping and biting at the skin. 
“Daddy, I want these off.” Peter said with a whine as he tugged at his pants. They were starting to feel uncomfortable because he was getting so wet.
Steve chuckled before saying “not yet sweetheart. Me and daddy still want to do so much to you before we take them off.”
Peter whined but didn’t say anything as he let his parents do what they want. Steve saw just how worked up his son was and couldn’t help but chuckle again at the eagerness.
Tony dipped his hand into the waistband of Peter’s pants and ran a finger over his clit. Peter whined again but Steve hushed him by kissing him and caressing his stomach. 
Tony then dipped two fingers in Peter’s opening before starting to simulate his clit with his thumb by rubbing it. Peter moaned loudly and arched his back and Steve deepened the kiss before pulling back and looking at how his son looked so fucked out from just a little bit of simulation. 
Tony continued to finger Peter’s hole as he drove his finger in and out. Peter arched his back before coming on his dad’s fingers and soaking his pants with his wetness. Tony pulled out his fingers, licked his son’s juices and moaned at the taste. 
“Oh baby boy, you taste so delicious. I could drink your juices all day.” Tony moaned out. 
Peter moaned at the thought of his dads greedily drinking his juices and squirted more liquid in his pants. Steve dipped a finger into Peter’s pants and rubbed along the moist lips of his pussy. 
“D-daddy.” Peter moaned out in bliss. 
“You like that baby boy? You like it when your daddies play with your precious little pink pussy?” Steve said as him and Tony continued to pleasure their son. 
“Y-yes.” Peter moaned out again as he started to rut against his dads hands.
Steve and Tony moved their hands faster and faster as they drove their fingers into their son’s warm and wet hole. Peter began to buck his hips harder to get more of the fingers in his hole.
“Daddy, g-gonna cum.” Peter gasped out as he felt his orgasm approaching.
“Yeah baby, you gonna cum for us sweetheart? You gonna squirt your juices out of that pretty little hole of yours?” Tony purred out. 
Peter arched his back as his parents sped up the movement of their hands.
“Oh, oh fuck. I’m gonna cum daddy, gonna cum.” Peter said. 
“Come on baby, cum for your daddies. Let us see you wet these pants and our fingers.” Steve said. 
Peter could feel his orgasm approaching. Steve and Tony continued to finger their son’s wet hole and as they pushed their fingers in deep, Peter squirted his juices out with a scream and the wetness coated his pants. They pulled out their fingers and lapped at the juices of their son’s release and moaned at the bittersweet taste of the liquid. 
“So beautiful baby. God you look so beautiful when you cum and the bliss on your face just makes us want to come in our pants.” Tony said. 
Peter moaned at his dad’s words before releasing more juices in his pants. 
Steve then grabbed the vibrator. It was fairly small so it could fit at the opening of Peter’s pussy. Tony pulled his pants down while Steve inserted the vibrator before pulling his pants up and making sure that the vibrator was snuggled against the hole. 
“You ready sweetheart?” Steve asked. 
“Yes daddy.” Peter moaned out.
“Ok, but if it gets too much, you can tell us and we’ll stop, alright.” Tony said.
“Ok daddy.” Peter said as he Steve pushed the on button on the vibrator. 
They started off at a low setting. Peter moaned at the sensation that went up his pussy. He was so wet. 
“Fuck.” Peter said as he felt an orgasm approaching. 
Tony slipped his hand in Peter’s pants and rubbed his clit. He sped up his movements when he felt that his son was close to his orgasm. 
“FUCK DADDY! GONNA CUM! GONNA CUM!” Peter screamed out. 
“Cum for us baby, come on. Let us see you squirt and wet these pants even more.” Steve said. 
Peter arched his back before screaming out a “OH FUCK!” and squirting again while drenching the vibrator, Tony’s fingers and his pants with his release. 
“Fuck baby, you look so fucking perfect when you come like that sweetheart. Arching your back, while your pussy is just begging to cum over and over again.” Tony said. 
“Daddies.” Peter said as he came down from his high. 
“You ready for the next part, sweetheart?” Steve asked.
“There’s still more?” Peter asked in bliss.
“Oh yes baby boy. There’s still so much more we want to do.” Tony said.
“Okay daddy. I’m ready for it.” Peter said 
Steve and Tony both spread apart Peter’s legs as far as the could go. When they saw how smooth and wet their son’s pussy was they moaned and became even more hard in their pants. 
“Oh baby boy, your pussy looks so gorgeous baby. So wet, so pink, so beautiful.” Steve said as he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Boypussy
Boypussy Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Threesome - M/M/M
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Daddy Kink
Father/Son Incest
Consensual Underage Sex
Underage Sex
Praise Kink
Double Penetration
Double Penetration in One Hole
Vibrators
Butt Plugs
Tongue Fucking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker

