Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
                If the universe had any mercy, Aldrich Killian would’ve incinerated himself on a slow weekend. A single spare molecule of mercy would’ve had him exploding himself while alone in his basement, or in a suitably reinforced laboratory. What happens instead is Aldrich Killian fucks around playing God on an inexplicable Monday morning and instantly cremates himself and forty-seven other people.                One of those people is Maya Hansen, a botanist Tony met once at a New Year’s Eve party. A New Year’s Eve party that took place two and a half months before the incident in Afghanistan.                He doesn’t remember much about her. She’d been sweet, he thinks. Crooked smile, brilliant mind. Her eyes were green, he thinks. Or brown. Hazel? He can’t remember. It makes him feel like an asshole, but he can’t remember.                “Are we gonna talk about this?” Barton asks, on the flight back from dealing with yet another nightmare in Sokovia.                They’d rushed things, he thinks. There at the end. Cut a few corners that Steve would normally be hounding them about, except he’s been wide-eyed and quiet since Fury patched in to deliver the news.                “No, Barton,” Tony says. “We’re not going to talk about this. What’s there to talk about?”                “I mean,” Barton says, slow and measured, feeling his way forward. There’s a strange note to his voice. It’s pinging around in Tony’s brain, raising alarms. “Kinda sounds like there’s a whole secret kid to talk about, Stark.”                “Clint,” Steve says, sharp. “It’s none of our business.”                “It,” Clint repeats. And the note in his voice resolves, finds a match in Tony’s memory. That’s anger. Clint Barton is pissed. “It’s not an ‘it,’ Cap. She’s a fucking kid we didn’t know about.”                Steve runs a hand down his face. There’s dirt smeared along the blade of his jaw. His eyes settle briefly on Tony and then dart away again. “Family business, Clint,” he repeats, stubbornly. “And none of ours.”                There’s silence for a few seconds. Up riding copilot, Natasha leans over to murmur something soft in Barton’s ear. She’s talking him down, Tony thinks. She doesn’t need to do that often. Not during missions. Barton’s steady in the field and a damn disaster everywhere else. If he has a trademark other than his aim, that’s it. And they aren’t technically out of the field until the quinjet touches down back home.                “I just wanna know,” Clint says, breaking the silence, leaning away from Natasha, “if there are any others. That’s all I wanna know. Because there was nothing about this girl in the SHIELD files. There was nothing about this girl anywhere. And if we aren’t checking up on her, and Stark’s not checking up on her, then she could’ve been black-bagged and hauled off to some bullshit bunker at any point to be used as leverage.”                Tony swallows. He looks down at his hands. They shake for a second and then go still.                Black-bagged and hauled off, he thinks. Used as leverage.                 “So I want to know,” Clint continues. “If there are others. And I want to know why the hell we didn’t know about her. Fuck’s sake, Stark, you didn’t even bring her around for Christmas.”                Tony’s face drops into his hands. He rubs at his eyes, feels the sharp ache of the cut on his forehead reopening all over again. Here he is, fresh from battle, bruised up and bloodied. Heading back to New York to reclaim his kid from Fury’s dubiously competent custody.                By the time he gets there, she’s going to be fully indoctrinated. She’s going to have a SHIELD nametag and subdermal tracker.                By the time he gets there, Fury will have spent more time with this kid than Tony has in her entire life. She’ll know Fury better than she knows her own father.                “Fuck you, Barton,” he says, because he feels like he’d normally be deeply offended by the insinuations Barton’s throwing around like confetti. If his head and heart weren’t fully of buzzing static, maybe he’d have room left to be angry. “You didn’t know because I didn’t know. Maya never told me.”                “Oh.” Barton’s silent for a second. When he looks back over his shoulder, his face is unreadable. Beside him, Natasha, apparently feeling merciful, has carefully arranged her features into an expression of gentle concern.                “Shit, Tony,” Clint says. “Sorry.”                And then the whole plane goes quiet, everyone finding their own particular patch of gray metal to stare at, until the quinjet touches down and they all disembark together.                Tony usually ditches SHIELD HQ as quickly as possible, doesn’t bother with their shitty locker room showers when he can be back at his own private bathroom in ten minutes. But he stays this time, rinses off, gets the blood and plaster and dirt off his skin and out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Jason Todd

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard
Alternate Timelines
Kid Fic
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Slow Burn
Team as Family
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Jason Todd

