Chapter 1: prologue
    




Chapter Text
 
Eddie.

Eddie. 

"Eddie, wake up."
The deep rumbling voice seems too loud. Eddie groans and turns away. His whole body aches and feels heavy.Something hot and slick touched his lips. "Open."He does. It slides into his mouth, hot and throbbing."Suck." The voice orders, the tone authoritative, and even half asleep Eddie obeys.His mind is still foggy from sleep so without giving much thought Eddie closes his lips around the intrusion and gently sucks. Hearing the pleased hum from above him, he licks the tip and swirls his tongue around it, trying to place the strange taste of it. Eddie's face scrunchies up a little at the building ache in his jaw. his every moment is like following a script that he has acted on before several times. Eddie feels a distinct prickling at the back of his head, feeling like he should stop this, but he ignores the feeling and moves his mouth, purely on muscle memory."Harder, Eddie." He doesn't understand what the voice means, and honestly he is getting annoyed. He's tired, he wants to sleep and the thing in his mouth in not letting him. It's unpleasant. Eddie ignores the voice and stop sucking the thing in his mouth, letting it rest heavily on his tongue.Eddie just starts to fall deeper in sleep when the voice makes an annoyed sound and feels things lifting and turning his head to an uncomfortable angle to make the intrusion in his mouth slide easily down his throat. It hits the back of Eddie's throat, making him sputter and choke. Eddie's eyes snap open in panic, not understanding the situation he has woken into. The heavy object in his mouth pushes further inside, ramming the back of his throat. Eddie's arms frail frantically, trying to get a leverage to somehow push the object out of his throat. His arms makes contact with a pair of thighs, making his mind reels as he realizes that the mysterious object is a cock. Venom's cock. Eddie can barely make out the silhouette of the alien's huge body in the dim light filtering through the curtains. Eddie slaps whatever part of Venom's body is within his reach to get Venom's attention on the fact that he can't breathe, when that doesn't bring any success, he tries to reach the alien telepathically through their bond. Venom? Stop!But Venom doesn't seem to be listening.The cock keep pushing down his throat until his nose makes contact with Venom's pelvis. The alien groans loudly in satisfaction at his convulsing airway. As Venom pulls his cock out a little, Eddie thinks it's going to stop and he can finally breathe, but then Venom thrusts back in, going even deeper and stretching his mouth open wide. Eddie screws his eyes shut tightly and tries not to choke around the mass. Instinctual tears slides down Eddie's face as his lungs starts to burn with the lack of oxygen. A sudden burst of anger makes Eddie struggle anew. He had enough, he can't let this continue, or else he's going to pass out, and who knows maybe Venom won't even stop then. Eddie thrashes and tries to pushes Venom out with all his might but it's useless against the symbiotes' mighty strength. Seeing no other way out of this situation, Eddie does the only things he can do; and that is to bite down. Hard.  A roar of anger resonates through the room, making Eddie jump in fear, but thankfully, the cock retreats. As soon as Eddie's airway is clear, he starts coughing uncontrollably. Eddie sits up and pants harshly. As his breathing gets under control, Eddie looks up with a glare, but something hits his cheek sharply, making his head jerk to the side. Eddie opens his mouth in disbelief, "Y-you s-slapped me." he stammers, touching his throbbing cheek gingerly. This is not the first time that Venom has forced himself on Eddie like this, nor this is the first time that he had hit Eddie, but usually Venom tends to not damage his property. Not like this at least. Instead, he simply incapacitate Eddie with a few tentacles and have his way with the helpless human. Hitting is reserved for when Eddie does something particularly infuriating. Venom stands to his full height, and grabs Eddie's hair, making the human cries out in pain as he's pulled on his knees."I needn't hurt you for this, Eddie, don't make me." Venom warns, voice filled with indignation.Eddie pales as the cock nudge his mouth. He lets out a whimper, tears filling his eyes. "Please, Venom, don't make me do this," he pleads.Venom jerk his head back almost to a painful angle, making him cry out. "Don't fight this, Eddie."Eddie is aware that he can't physically fight Venom, it never did any good except earned him some more beating or fucking. He can feel impatience and irritation radiating from Venom, and from the past experiences, he knows that if he keep Venom waiting he would be punished. Eddie doesn't want to do this but he doesn't see a way out of this so he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and hesitantly spread his lips around the thick member, opening his jaw wide to accommod
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Dan Lewis/Anne Weying

freeform: 
Rape
Tentacle Rape
Anal Sex
Sounding
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Deepthroating
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Rimming
Forced Masturbation
Prostate Milking
Biting
Bondage
Spanking
Dirty Talk
Mind Manipulation
Body Modification
Begging
Semi-Public Sex
Blood and Gore
Attempted Murder
Cannibalism
Sleep Groping
Venom is creepy fucker
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Size Difference
Dom/sub
Painful Sex
Obsessive Behavior
Sadomasicism
Panic Attacks
Vomiting
Subdrop
Threats of Violence
Anal Fingering
Emotional Manipulation
Body Horror
Conditioning
Nightmares
Cancer
But Only For One Chapter - Freeform
Venom heal his bitch
Gaslighting
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Dan Lewis/Anne Weying

