Chapter 1: outlook not so good
    




Chapter Text
 It’s the hunger that aches the most.  In the waning hours of what he figures must be morning, if his fried internal clock is anything to go by, Peter wakes without fail.  After day 14 he starts to wish that weren’t true. Sitting up is a struggle. His bones grind together. When he stretches he can hear them pop. The human body is comprised of eleven key elements; 1.5% of that makeup is calcium, and it is the most tangible and obvious of them all.  His bones. His hunger.  He’d used the term  starved before, wandering out of his room at three in the afternoon on a Saturday, bemoaning that there was nothing edible in the fridge.  He’d gone to bed hungry a fair few times,  mostly in those beginning days when he’d still felt guilty for being such a burden to May and Ben—May and Ben who didn’t want kids, who always assured everyone that they were  just fine  on their own and  really, a baby would just be a huge imposition on our lifestyle.   Peter hadn’t eaten. It was his stupid way of saving them money. Not infringing.  They didn’t want a kid. Maybe if he stopped eating altogether he could waste away and just let the wind turn him into… But in the end his hunger had won out. Before even May had realised what was going on, he’d caved and snagged an apple from the fruit bowl on the table. They always went bad before being eaten without fail anyway, so really it couldn’t be any harm. Peter had thought he’d understood what  hunger was in the forty hour long sporadic gaps between eating. He knew rumbling stomachs and a vague dizziness when he stood up too quickly. He hadn’t been ready for the  pain.   It’s like someone is stabbing him in the abdomen every time he breathes. He continuously tries curling into himself, something that seems like it will relieve the sharp sensation but it only serves to exacerbate it.  The hunger makes his wrists shrink into smaller, dantier things. It makes his cheekbones jut out, something he can feel when he risks a touch. It makes every one of his ribs countable.  It’s his enhanced metabolism. If his DNA weren’t conditioned for seven whole ass meals a day plus dessert, he probably wouldn’t be as worse off as he is now.  Nebula always offers him the extra food. She’s part robot or something so she doesn’t seem to need as much. For three days in a row she lives off of a single alien fruit he had found with the rest of the stored food in the back of the Benatar, at the bottom of a crate gathering fuzz. Nebula had taken a long look at it.  “This can’t be real,” Peter had said. “It is very real,” Nebula had replied. “It is from the Garden.” Peter was clueless as to what or where the garden was. The fruit looked okay enough, but it wasn’t like anything he’d ever seen; some sort of gigantic strawberry-pineapple hybrid thing.  “Do you want it?” Nebula had taken a step away from him. She didn’t stumble. Every one of her movements was calibrated even when she was startled, every word and thought was calculated regardless of the emotions beneath the surface. She operated like a well-oiled machine, but Peter was beginning to glimpse what her father might have deemed ‘malfunctions’—small smiles, unnecessary movements, opinionated arguments.  He always made a point to encourage them.  “I do not want it,” she had said firmly.  “Are you sure?” Peter had inspected its surface. “What’s the Garden, anyway?” “A bad place.” “And that’s why you don’t want the fruit?” “Yes.” Peter bit his lip. “You know, good things can come from bad places, just like good people can come from bad ones.” He held out the food. “The fruit isn’t the place. It’s just a fruit.”  Nebula considered that. “The fruit is not the place.” After that things between them roll a little smoother.  One other thing the hunger brings, an almost blissful mercy, is delirium. He thinks without it he’d have already gone completely crazy.  They’re stuck out in space. They’d managed to reverse the ion charges on the fuel cells and bought a meagre two days worth of flight time, and now they’re dead in the water.  He’s going to die in space, in a sea of swirling stars and sparks.  At first it had almost been enough to distract Peter from the gritty feeling on his palms, like Tony’s remains were still stuck to his skin (for two days he hadn’t washed his hands because he just…  couldn’t). The stars they see from Earth are all long dead, just echoes of what they once were. The stars they drift past in space are alive, burning, and blindingly bright.  He doesn’t know where they are exactly. How many parsecs, lightyears, from Earth. It’s not like in Star Trek where everything is mapped out to the last quadrant and the only scary thing is exploring the final frontier. They’re  in the final frontier. Peter is going to waste away in the middle of the cosmos and no one is ever going to find him.  He doesn’t know how long it will take for Nebula. He doesn’t know if she’ll be living with his corpse long enough
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
patchwork families
Fluff
Angst
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
tw: physical violence/child loss/mental and physical trauma

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

