Chapter 1: Caught
    




Chapter Text
Your knees buckled beneath you and your legs quaked. The only thing that kept you standing steady was Tony Stark’s firm grip on your shoulders. Otherwise you would have been running in the opposite direction.
How could Steve make the simple action of exiting the car appear so sinister?
The way his brows were furrowed and his forehead wrinkled as he came forth terrified you. There was a promise of punishment and pain in his eyes.
His chest rose and fell at your sight. His jaw clenched tighter than it was possible, as did his fists beside him. It went beyond saying that he was enraged and disappointed.
You could feel the heat of his anger radiate off of him as planted his feet before you. He gave you a scrutinizing once over that made your heart thud at an abnormal pace.
“S-sir,” you called him. It was the only word that you were allowed to refer him with.
“Shut up,” he grunted at you.
Your lips sealed together automatically and your gaze dropped to his boots. Tears fell on the leafy ground.
“Thank you for finding her and keeping her safe, Tony. I owe you one,” he told the man behind you.
“Not a problem, Steve,” Tony replied.
Not for them.
“Here, take your pet,” he said as he threw you at the Captain.
You crashed face first into the wall like mass of his body. Steve made no attempt to hold you or stabilize you. He was that pissed off with you.
You carefully removed yourself from him and took your place beside him, never daring to look up at him.
“Would you like to stay for lunch?” Tony offered.
“No. Someone here does not deserve to eat, does she?” Steve retorted.
He glanced at you as if expecting an answer, but you knew better than to speak out of your turn.
“You could eat, she doesn’t have to,” Tony said.
You bit your already bloody lip as you remembered how starved you were. The whole process of running away from Steve had given you no time to rest or tend to yourself in any way. Stark had given you a little hospitality after finding you, but by then you had lost all will to eat.
Steve refused Tony’s offer again.
“The sooner I put her in her place the better,” Steve said.
It meant that Steve’s hands were itching to rain his wrath on you and you could sense that from his urgency.
“Whatever suits you,” Tony said.
The Avengers bade each other a goodbye after which Tony retreated into his cabin. Steve turned towards you, making you shrink into yourself.
“Walk,” he commanded.
A hand of his pushed at your back and forced you to move your feet in the car’s direction. Fear had nestled in the deepest parts of your soul. Your will to scream, protest and fight had died. All you could see was Steve bringing his worst intentions to life and it made you curse yourself and your fate.
Your and Steve’s dull images painted over the car’s window and while yours seemed pathetically meek, his was terrifyingly daunting.
Steve wrenched open the door to the passenger seat and tossed you inside like a ragdoll. You balanced yourself on the leather seat, sat and buckled in the safety belt before he could make it round to the driver’s seat.
Being trapped in the closed space of the car with him brought the horrible memories, of how he used to pin you down and fuck you on the back seat, to your mind. Against your will every time.
“I-I am s-sorry, sir,” you squeaked. “Please don’t be mad.”
Steve remained silent. His eyes were fixed on the road. The cold treatment made you feel sicker than before.
You attempted to speak with him again, hoping to reason with him in some way to better your predicament. But he shushed you quiet.
“If you want me to hurt you less when we get back home then keep your fucking mouth shut,” he growled.
Electric jitters went down your spine. You slunk down on the seat and did your best to contain your sobs and whimpers.
“Don’t just sit there. Make yourself useful,” he said.
You watched him lean back and spread his knees. His bulge was already straining against the zipper of his jeans.
You swallowed thickly. Pushing aside your dignity and restraints you undid the seat belt and bent over the console.
The tip of his cock had barely entered your mouth when he pushed your head down, forcefully cramming your throat shut with his girth.
You panicked at your inability to breathe and slapped his thighs to get yourself off him, but he kept you locked in your position. It didn’t even distract him from his driving.
“Choke on my dick, you slut. That’s what you deserve for trying to escape from me.”
He released you only to have you suck him off which you had to despite the soreness in your throat.
“I am going to fuck you raw tonight.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Ramsay Bolton/Reader
Ramsay Bolton/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Reader
Thor/Reader
Sam Winchester/Reader
Robb Stark/Reader
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Rape
Dark
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Ramsay is His Own Warning
Dark!Steve
I'll add tags in each chapter
Drabbles

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Ramsay Bolton/Reader
Ramsay Bolton/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Reader
Thor/Reader
Sam Winchester/Reader
Robb Stark/Reader
Loki/Reader

