Chapter 1: Trying Not To Be The Office Weirdo
    




Chapter Text

“Yeah, I’ll pass that on,” Darcy said, hanging up the phone in SHIELD’s cubicle farm. She was doing admin work with Jane off-world. She retrieved the file for the report she’d just forwarded to one division and forwarded it to the next. That seemed to be her job. It was boring, but she was scrimping by, living in Jane’s old apartment and slowly paying off her student loans. She resented her body for having dramamine-resistant, 

Rosemary’s Baby 

levels of space sickness. She could be in space now, instead of this tiny cubbyhole in SHIELD’s newer, blander headquarters. Darcy was sad. Part of it was that she hadn’t made any friends yet. She really, really, really missed Jane. They emailed daily, but living by yourself after years of never being alone was weird. Making friends in your thirties was difficult, too. She went to the break room, shuffling up with a sigh, for more coffee. Darcy felt old. It sucked to feel old, lonely, and basically unnoticed. Also, nobody here seemed to laugh at her jokes and someone had actually side-eyed her custom-made Bearded! Captain Steve Funko Pop from Etsy. The what the fuck? vibe was strong at rebuilding SHIELD.  
 
Darcy was refilling the single-serve machine with her own plastic, reusable k-cup thingy when she happened to hear one of the analysts being obnoxious. “Look,” he was saying, “I’m just not convinced about this whole sex worker thing, like why should that be legal? And why aren’t all these feminists mad about it?” He snickered. He was clearly trying to impress the tougher-looking guys sitting around the table, all of whom were part of one of the elite STRIKE units. 

I will be quiet, I will not go off, 

Darcy scolded herself. It was her third week. She’d be the office weirdo if she channeled Jane for a feminist rant. SHIELD wasn’t all that politically evolved, not the way universities sometimes were. She internally cursed her commitment to her favorite vanilla bean coffee. If she just used regular, throwaway coffee pods like everyone else, she wouldn’t be a captive audience for this schmuckdoodle, she thought, as she waited for her coffee to brew. Damn her combined cheapness and concern for the environment. He kept talking, waving his arms expressively. Finally, she had to say something.

“Excuse me,” Darcy said. “Has it escaped your notice that all forms of labor are 

selling your body for money?” 

 she said, doing air quotes. “You think coal mining isn’t? Waiting tables?”

“Wh--what?” he said, seeming to see her for the first time.

“Legalized safer sex work might actually be less harmful to your body and future than the majority of minimum wage jobs,” she said, warming to her theme. “I don’t know about you, but my ankles never quite recovered from the all the eight dollar an hour shifts I pulled in college working retail, but sex has never done me serious injury,” she added, snorting.

“So, you’d have sex for money?” the tech guy said, as if he’d won a point. His voice was smug.

“I’d consider it,” Darcy shot back. “I have student loans, it might be smart.” She glared at him, then realized her coffee was done. “It would certainly be nice to not have debt,” she said, screwing the lid on her travel mug. She swept out of the conference room while they all stared. 
 
People kept staring at her that afternoon. She was almost certain gossip was going around. “Shit,” she muttered to herself in the bathroom, when she’d seen two agents whispering. She came out and almost ran into a wall of muscle. “Uh--excuse me, sorry, Commander,” she said. It was one of the agents from the break room. Darcy knew him by sight and reputation. Commander Rumlow had been badly burned doing triple agent work within HYDRA, then posed as a mercenary called Crossbones to extra-legally get back lost Chitauri weapons and stuff. The left side of his face was lightly traced with soft pink scars, while the right was more deeply burned; his right ear had been mangled in the building collapse. But he was surprisingly approachable for a high-ranking SHIELD agent. He’d introduced himself and spoken to her several times. 

“Hey,” he said, looking at her coolly. His dark eyes stood out against the scarred skin of his face. “I’ve been looking for you.”

“I didn’t do it,” Darcy said said, feeling a weird, nervous giggle bubble up in her chest. His serious expression was intimidating. For a second, she wondered if she’d meddled in the wrong files. He laughed.

“Sure you didn’t,” he said. “But I know about the DMV fraud, sweetheart.”

“You do?” Darcy said, grinning.

“Yeah,” he said. “I, uh, wanted to invite you to dinner since you’re new in town. Tonight, if you’re not busy?” He looked at her expectantly. Darcy’s brain reeled in surprise. Was he asking as a date? Or just a friend? He didn’t fully smile, just gave her a tiny smirk. 

“Okay,” she said. “I’m not busy.” She tried not to check his finger for a wedding band too obviously. No
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Accidental Sugar Daddy Acquisition

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

