Chapter 1: The Things We Leave Behind
    




Chapter Text
To say that Frank was surprised when his phone rang displaying the number of none other than David "Micro" Lieberman himself would be an understatement.It's not like they parted on bad terms. The opposite, in fact. But once their mission was well and done, David wanted to be a family man again, and Frank—well. Any sensible family man would want to keep him far away. He gets that. So he saved David the trouble of asking and keeps his distance, something David seemed to appreciate by the zero contact Frank received from him afterward. Of course, Frank prides himself on being a hard man to pin down and get a hold of, but it's  David, so he knows that's not the issue.He almost thinks it's accidental at first when his phone shows David's number, but he picks it up when it keeps ringing without any concrete idea on what to expect.Turns out some creep in a beige van had been hanging around his daughter's school. According to David, he'd hang out in the parking lot with the parents waiting for pick-up, but no kid had ever climbed in his van. While that was bad enough, the line was crossed for David when the guy started taking pictures of Leo and her friends as they walked down the sidewalk. So David had reported it and when the guy was still there throughout the following week, he'd taken matters into his own hands and ran the plates.Apparently, creep had an impressive criminal record, definitely wasn't allowed in a school zone, and is a member of some gang on the edge of Queens bordering Manhattan that allegedly deals in human trafficking. David made sure to emphasize that he usually wouldn't have called Frank, but these are his  kids he's worried about. Frank gets that too.So David scouted out an abandoned warehouse in Queens and they set up shop. He digs deep and finds out that their creep's the crony of a man named Mac Gargan who recently got out of prison and is cementing himself as some kind of bigshot. David equips Frank with the address of a headquarters and another one of those needle-pens that he jabbed Frank with when they first met. He said he'd appreciate it if Frank brought the creep back alive so he could make sure all of the photos of Leo were properly erased, though he didn't sound too picky about it.It's like a cockroach nest when Frank arrives. They're all sitting and playing poker around a table, their laughter grating in Frank's ears. They don't even realize they're under attack until half of them are on the floor, and half of  those guys can't draw quick enough before they're dead on the ground too. Frank has to hide behind a cement column to avoid return-fire, and he leaves only two left when they have to stop and reload.It's all pretty routine until he sees red and blue spandex pressed into the corner of the ceiling.Frank ducks behind the column just in time to avoid a sticky white glob to the face. The remaining gang members aren't so lucky; he hears gunshots and shouts and  thwips  before the gunfire ceases altogether.Frank presses his spine against the column and takes a breath to reassess.  Spider-Man. He remembers the guy from a few news segments and YouTube videos and some impassioned articles from the  Daily Bugle. A cocky little shit that taunted criminals as he tied them up without throwing a single punch and was even more theatrical than Red in his movements. Perhaps Frank should've expected another vigilante with a gang gathering as big as this, but he usually never factors in vigilantes unless he's in Hell's Kitchen. A habit to break, then."Shouldn't you be in prison?" Spider-Man calls from his perch on the wall. "Not that I was invested, but I distinctly remember a  guilty  verdict for your trial of the century. Was prison not enough of a goldmine for you?"Oh yeah, Spider-Man was a talker. Frank almost forgot that bit. He doesn't grace him with a response, but he hopes the cocking of his gun is loud enough to get the message across."Are you gonna shoot me?" Spider-Man asks immediately. Direct. Frank can appreciate that. "Not if you walk out now."Spider-Man doesn't reply at first, so Frank braces himself for a Red-style rant on the amount of bodies he's littered on the floor. Instead, he says in a slightly wavering voice, "They've got hostages downstairs. At least six."This is new. Frank makes a quick gut decision and stuffs his pistol in his belt and empties the bullets from his automatic and drops it on the floor. He holds out his hands, open-palms on either side of the column. He hears a  swoosh  and a  thud as Spider-Man drops to the floor behind the post, so Frank steps out to meet him.The top of Spider-Man's head goes to a little above Frank's chin, but he's standing ramrod-straight. His figure is lithe, reminiscent of a gymnast. He shifts to the side to block Frank from the two breathing guys he webbed up, yet when his head starts to turn toward the bloodbath on the ground he jerks it back to Frank and his white ey
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Frank Castle & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Like a few months later
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Canon-Typical Violence
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Frank Castle
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Has A Heart
he's just really bad at showing it

fandom: 
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Frank Castle & Tony Stark

