Chapter 1: Fic
    




Chapter Text
One.Clint eyed the steep drop with trepidation; it was hell of a long way down. Like the rooftop he was perched on, the building was all sleek metal and shiny glass, no handy ledges to slow his descent."Stark, where the hell are you?" He hissed, squinting against the afternoon sun to catch a glimpse of the gaudy red and gold armor."Three minutes out."Which was eight minutes late and Clint said exactly that."Considering I saved us twenty-three minutes of fighting when I shot up the command panel, I'd say I'm actually fifteen minutes early." Stark was unbearably smug as usual.Clint gritted his teeth. The command panel was supposed to be his target. "What the fuck?""Language." Steve chided but there was no heat behind the reprimand. He was probably thinking the exact same thing Clint was, how Stark went off of the script again so he could be the star of the show."Just doing what you told me to do." Stark retorted. "FRIDAY, play it back for Birdbrain."
Would it kill you to help out once in a while? Or is your heart really a shriveled up piece of metal?
Clint scoffed as his own voice floated across the communication system, a snippet of their last team meeting where Stark had flippantly told them he wasn't paid enough for the gig. "Thanks for the reminder." He snapped, heavy with sarcasm and light on humor. "But I already know you're a petty dick." 
Two. 
"Natashalie!" Stark bellowed, beckoning her over to the kitchen with a wave.She ignored him. If he wanted her company, he could learn to ask for it like a civilized person and use her actual name. And if he wanted to be part of this team, he should stop behaving like a child and let go of this grudge he had been nursing since their first meeting.All Stark seemed to remember was the deception necessary for her to observe him, conveniently forgetting the part where she had slowed the palladium poisoning with an injection of lithium dioxide. Typical of a narcissist, he had to be both the hero and the victim of every story.Unfortunately, Stark wasn't deterred by her silence. "Natashalie!" He sang as he pointed at the coffee pot with a flourish, ever the showman."That's not my name." She kept the scorn off of her face, because she was capable of being professional, but let a bit of ice slip in her voice. A warning that if Stark were the genius he liked to claim he was, he should heed immediately."I know, it's two of your names." Stark grinned proudly, as if he was expecting praise for something so asinine.It looked like she had to spell things out for him. Natalie Rushman was one of her many identities and Stark wasn't the first mark she had tricked. He needed to stop thinking he was special, that his plight was unique, because that entitlement was unbecoming and unfitting of an Avenger.Stark's face fell as she told him exactly that. His mouth opened a few times but no sounds came out.Good, he was capable of learning.Natasha didn't set foot in the kitchen; no amount of caffeine could top the euphoria of victory that she was feeling. 
Three.
Sam scoffed as he watched Stark strut across the stage. With the way that man was preening, it was like he was walking down a runway. The rest of the Avengers had already been seated because they were professionals who could understand a simple concept like being on time.Judging by the set of Steve's jaw, Stark was going to get an earful after the press conference. On top of the earful he was going to get for going off on his own during the fight again Doom's robots."What are you so happy about, Sam-I-Am?" Stark nudged his shoulder against Sam's, right as Steve announced that they would be taking questions."How about you keep your mouth shut?" Sam hissed through his clenched teeth; lips pulled into something like a smile for the cameras. "The grown-ups are talking."Stark reared back, a look of confusion flitted across his face, confirming Sam's theory that no one had reprimanded him before. Typical rich kid raised by the help."With the damage reports rolling in, have you given any thoughts to how the Avengers can help with the relief efforts?"Steve frown. "Damage report? What-""I can answer that." Stark interrupted, all cocky grin and smug attitude. "The Stark Relief Foundation is coordinating with local agencies to find housing for those who had been displaced..."Sam could barely hear Stark's voice over the rushing in his ears, which was probably a good thing because if he had to listen to one more self-congratulatory word coming out of Stark's mouth, he would have decked the man. Cameras or no cameras.This was what happened with rich kids not raised right by their parents, they turned into spoiled brats who did something just because they were told not to. 
Four.
Objectively speaking, the Avengers Compound was nice. Open windows and new appliances and so many amenities that Wanda almost believed that Stark was truly trying to make amends by offering her a new place to call home.Almost.Because
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
BAMF Tony Stark
5+1
Marvel Trumps Hate 2018

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

