Chapter 1: Anomalies
    




Chapter Text
  Voices carried in the palace.  Especially when they were shouting.“He tried to destroy Jotunheimm!” “So did Thor! Do you mean to punish Loki for being more successful?” Loki sighed, staring up at the ceiling of the antechamber as he listened to the King and Queen of Asgard argue in the throne room beyond. It seemed absurd to him that they were still fighting over it now, they’d had months to decide his fate after all. Months he’d spent caged up in the dungeons, alone with nothing but his torturous mind and the burden of the truth.He was a monster.A wolf who had not known he wore the skin of a lamb until it had been stripped from him, leaving him bare and bleeding. A snarling, rabid creature without compassion. It all made sense now. Why he had never been worthy, why he had never been enough. Every dark instinct and selfish impulse neatly explained away by his own biology.Odin should have let him die on the Bifröst.He was a Jötunn, and worse the son of Asgard’s worst enemy. He was everything wrong and yet still he had fought for his father’s approval, betrayed and betraying in turn until everything was lies and pain and it was easy to release his hold on life.It had been an unburdening to let go after that last, worst battle. His world had been taken from him so it seemed only right to take himself from the world. For a moment he’d felt weightless, free, a millennia of disappointment and lies far behind him as he gave himself to the cold, cold stars.But it hadn’t lasted. He’d never been that lucky.
“Husband, listen-”  
The voices got fainter and louder in turn, he could picture them pacing. His father’s face set in stone, his mother’s hands twisting together in anguish. Only Odin wasn’t his father, and Frigga…Well, he had no family anymore. Loki bit his tongue, tasting copper as his hand rose on instinct to the inside of his arm where fate’s ink had marked him. He wrenched it away immediately, fists clenched so tight his nails scored into the soft flesh of his palms. There was no comfort to be found there either.Not anymore.The words written on his arm were a falsehood, one he’d scratched his skin bloody in darkest hours of his cell in an attempt to remove. He had been determined to carve them out, the lies that had teased at him for centuries.The soul mark.He saw it at last for what it was, another clever ploy from Odin to keep him in line, a glamour to distract him from questioning his reality.After all, surely you needed a soul to have a soul mate?“Perhaps you should knock,” Loki spat at the head of the guard, something between his ribs twisting tighter and tighter with every passing moment, “I would hate to die of old age and deny Odin his fun.” “Silence, prisoner,” the man snapped back. Bjorn Brantson, that was his name. Once Loki would have made the effort to remember him for later retribution but it all seemed a little pointless now. “As you wish,” he sighed, turning away instead, “I look forward to seeing how your King reacts when he discovers you eavesdropped for so long at his door.”He saw the indecision play out over Brantson’s face from the corner of his eye. Counting down in his head from three until the guard raised his gauntleted hand and hammered at the door. A petty victory but a victory nevertheless. Perhaps even his last.“Your Majesties,” Brantson called, just a sliver of insecurity in the hardness of his voice, “we have brought the prisoner.” “Enter,” Odin roared, the door swinging open at last with a thunderous boom that shook dust from the ceiling. What a merry party they made as they entered. Four guards holding his chains as Loki was marched into the room. It wasn’t even the  main throne room, but a smaller affair designed for more intimate meetings. Loki obviously didn’t deserve the full pomp and ceremony his title might once have allowed him.Still, something’s didn’t change no matter the location, Odin was still sat high on his throne. His face set in stone as he waited. Frigga was less stoic, looking paler than he remembered. Her face drawn even as she smiled at him, stepping forward to greet him with her usual quiet steadiness. “Mother, what a delightful surprise,” he covered his bitterness in honey, acidic sweetness dripping off every word, “come to see me off?” “Loki, please,” Frigga murmured, squeezing his hands tightly, “don’t make this worse than it is.” “Come, you wouldn’t deny me a little gallows humour would you?” He asked, steeling himself against the weakness the sight of her awoke in him. The desperate urge even now to cling to her skirts and beg her to tell him this was all a lie, a nightmare he would soon wake up from. The time for that had long since passed. “But where is my golden brother? Did Thor not wish to say his fond farewells?”He made a show of peering around the empty room, heart thundering uncomfortably in his throat even as he strove to appear utterly unaffected.“Thor is fixing the damage you have wrought,” Odin 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Some angst
Some Fluff
Some feels
BAMF Darcy Lewis
morally ambiguous loki
Enemies to Lovers
Idfk where this fic is going but I wish it would hurry up and get there
tasertricks - Freeform
Canon Divergence
Another slow burn I wish was a fast burn but somehow isnt
Beauty and the Beast Elements
Enemies to almost friends to enemies to lovers

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

