Work Text:
Bucky Barnes didn’t mean to turn into the Avenger’s personal cuddle kitten. He had just always been a hands-on kind of guy. Not in a way that was rude, or disrespectful – Steve would have kicked his ass if he’d been groping women who didn’t want it – but he drifted towards physical contact. When he was with a woman, that meant a hand at the small of her back or an arm around her waist or even just holding hands. With other men – especially Steve – it was an arm around the shoulders or a quick pat on the back. Bucky was never shy of hugging anybody; he loved to touch and be touched, seemed to gain energy just from the contact of other people.
He’d been back two weeks now though – two weeks of living in Avengers Tower, getting to know everyone and readjusting to the world – and he hadn’t touched a soul. Sure, there’d been a hug, a long one, when he’d first shown up on Steve’s doorstep in Brooklyn. But Steve had immediately dragged them off to this massive phallic symbol that Stark had built (“better security, less media frenzy”) and Bucky’d been given his own suite, bigger than any apartment he and Steve had seen growing up. Since then, Bucky had been radiating “hands off” vibes at Steve – he knew it was confusing the guy, hurting his feelings, but he couldn’t help it. He’d known from the moment of that first hug that any touching from Steve right now was more than he could deal with.
The other Avengers had accepted Bucky almost immediately, to his astonishment. Some of it was out of respect for Steve, sure, but they also seemed to genuinely not blame him for what had gone down when he’d been under Hydra’s control. He was grateful for that, and he was reaching the point where he thought he could call them his friends, even. But they weren’t on a touching basis yet, not on the level he was after.
Bucky sat now, sipping his coffee and watching Natasha and Sam fight over the proper way to scramble eggs. They all had their own kitchenettes, but somehow it was just…nicer…to hang out in the common areas and eat together, most days. You never knew who’d show up, but there’d always be at least a few of them and Bucky liked to just absorb it all.
“C’mon Barnes, back me up…you’ve gotta add a little shredded cheddar to the eggs, give ‘em some oomph, am I right?” Sam was next to Nat, holding a bag of pre-grated cheese, while she studiously ignored him and continued slowly stirring the eggs in the skillet. Maybe she wasn’t ignoring him entirely, because she gave Sam a quick hip-check and an elbow in the ribs to keep him from getting anywhere near her eggs with that cheese. Bucky envied that – the casual physical intimacy of their friendship.
“Simple is good, Sam. You should be able to taste the egg in your eggs. You don’t have to drown every flavor with cheese, you know. I’ve seen what you do to your pasta.” Sam pasted a hurt and offended look on his face, then shook the cheese in Bucky’s direction. “Barnes? A vote?”
Bucky held his hands up in surrender, refusing to be drawn in. “Hey, if the lady is willing to cook, I’m going to shut my mouth and be grateful for whatever she wants to put on my plate.” This earned him an approving smirk from Natasha, who’d made it very clear earlier that she was not making the eggs because she was a woman, but because she didn’t trust Sam to get them right. She grabbed Sam’s shoulder and pointed him back towards the fridge, making a shooing motion to indicate that he should put the cheese away, then smacking him lightly on the ass to get him out of her space. And damn, Bucky wanted to be over there, to be a part of that. Instead, he set his coffee down and headed for the silverware drawer, grabbing what he needed to set the table for breakfast. He watched out of the corner of his eye, envious of the way Sam would grab Natasha’s elbow to keep from bumping into her when he went to the pantry to get the English muffins, or the way Nat rubbed her hand over Sam’s head as she teased him about needing a haircut.
Bucky’s problem was that he wanted – needed – to be touched. He had all of his own memories, but he also had the memories of the Winter Soldier. Those memories were blurry, out-of-focus, like watching a movie while drunk. Still, he knew exactly how long it had been since someone had touched him with kindness or caring or in any way that didn’t involve examining him, hurting him, or repairing him for the next mission. Bucky’s craving to be touched had reached a level usually reserved for air and water, and he knew that, in some way, he needed it in order to finish putting himself back together again. Steve would give him whatever he wanted, but that was exactly why he couldn’t go to Steve. So Bucky began plotting – what would it take to get one of his new friends to cuddle with him?
***
Movie night was his best chance. Every Monday and Wednesday, whoever was in the building would gather in Stark’s massive media room to argue over films and throw popcorn at each other and basicall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Smut
Eventual Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Sleepy Cuddles
Couch Cuddles

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

