Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Afterwards, Darcy remembered very little of the day that marked such a massive turning point in her life.  Her parents filled in bits and pieces for her, told the story enough times that she might almost have believed their version of events, only, their version was missing something: the one thing that she did remember – him.
They had stopped at a roadside rest stop, one of the big ones that referred to itself as an “Oasis” (pretentious much?), on their way to stay at her aunt’s house (yawn) for a family reunion (even bigger, more dramatic yawn).  Darcy, newly teenaged and belligerent with it, had wandered away from her parents’ seat in the food court to stretch her legs.
She meandered to the other side of the building and then, with a quick glance thrown back to ensure her folks were where she’d left them, slipped outside.  The Illinois air was a bit warmer than what they were experiencing in Wisconsin, and probably a lot nicer than what she could expect in Michigan.
Darcy had been outside for barely a minute when an odd ‘pop pop’ sound came from her right, followed quickly by a screech of tires skidding and a crash.  She raced for where she’d heard the noise come from, turning a sharp corner around the edge of the building only to find a man seated on the hill beside the road, slowly packing away something shiny and distinctly gun shaped.
He glanced up at her sharp gasp, his stare freezing her in place.  She immediately looked down at the gun in his hands, unable to bear meeting his dispassionate scrutiny for more than a moment.
“It’s called a dragunov, кукла.  Don’t worry, I doubt you’ll ever see one again.”
Darcy’s eyes shot back up to find cool amusement on his face.  She opened her mouth, paused and shut it, then opened it again, finally blurting, “Those are the words on my soulmark.  I – I think you’re my soulmate?”
His expression hardened so quickly that she flinched back a little.  “Impossible.”
“No, it’s not,” she insisted, “It says – “
“I don’t have a soul.”
Darcy gaped at that pronouncement, stunned into silence while he rapidly finished packing up his gun, stood, and started to walk away.  “But I’m right here,” she said, voice cracking a little over the words.
He paused for a brief moment, but didn’t turn back around, “Go home, little girl.”
 “But you’re – “
He spun around just long enough to snarl a vicious: “I don’t care,” before he continued, disappearing from her sight around another corner in seconds.  He was gone, it was almost like he’d never been there.
Darcy’s face felt hot, her eyes scratchy from the threatening press of tears.  She watched her soulmate walk away and felt – she didn’t know what she felt.  It hurt.  The words, they were his words, she was sure of it, felt like they were burning on her chest where they sat dead center on her breastbone.
She walked back to the food court and sat, numb to her parents’ concern over her state and later, their frustration as their travel was delayed for a few hours by some sort of accident on the overpass.  She could only sit, hands clenched to stop them trembling while she replayed their encounter over and over and over again in her head.
He said he didn’t have a soul.
He said he didn’t care.
He didn’t want her.
He walked away.
Darcy took all her childhood dreams and hopes and wishes and shoved them into a mental file labeled ‘trash.’  She stopped planning her perfect future family (with her soulmate), she shelved her dreams of becoming the first female president and changing the world (with her soulmate).  She no longer romanticized what her life (could have been) would be.
It wasn’t as if she never smiled again.  She did: she laughed, she enjoyed life, she made new plans – though they were smaller, perhaps a little less grand – to change the world by fixing people instead of policies, she started thinking about her future, she realized that she still had a future.
But though she made friends wherever she went, she never let anyone become more.
(didn’t want her he didn’t want her he walked away she never even knew his name…)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Past Brainwashing
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Nurse Darcy
Avengers Family
Protective Steve
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Angst
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Up all night to get Bucky
Bucky Barnes's Ridiculous Hair
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Darcy Feels
Awkward Flirting
Awkward Romance
Darcy - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

