Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This is wrong.
So very, very wrong.
Tony knew it, felt the deep twisting shame of it roiling around in his stomach, making it sour and tight, though the discomfort seemed somehow fitting. 
Because this was wrong.
But, when the Director of Marketing had moved aside the Thor bobblehead and Hawkeye Edition Ray-Bans to spread out the mock-up posters of each Avenger, Tony’s eyes had immediately gone to the one of Captain America and suddenly, he was fifteen years old again, hiding in his room with the lights out and one of his Dad’s vintage Cap posters unfurled on the bed. 
And now, here he was in his room in Avengers Tower with a rolled up Captain America poster and a rock-hard erection.  He wasn’t even sure how it all happened.  One minute, Marketing Chick had been prattling on about licensing fees and the next, he was grabbing the Cap poster and mumbling something about an important meeting he just remembered.  Granted, this was probably not the first time he’d run out of a marketing meeting, though he likes to think it was the first time he’d bolted with a raging hard-on.  Can’t really be sure on that one though.
He wasn’t going to do this, was he?  He should just go get a cold shower, put the poster back where it belongs and forget this ever happened.  He couldn’t say exactly, but while he’d certainly had plenty of masturbatory fantasies involving Cap, there was something infinitely more personal about looking at the poster of…well, Steve.  Because it was Steve now, wasn’t it?  He knew that the guy in the poster liked strawberry milkshakes because he’d been allergic to strawberries pre-serum and delighted in enjoying them now.  Steve, who looked him straight in the eye and said that his favorite part of Star Wars had been that long-eared guy who talked funny before cracking up at Tony’s expression of horror.  Steve, who sometimes sat alone in the living room on nights he couldn’t sleep, wrapped in an Iron Man snuggie that Tony had given everyone last Christmas and who just shrugged and said it was warm when Clint made a comment.  The guy that was actually as good as his father had always said but in ways Howard, who had seen the soldier and not the man, could never understand.  And holding the poster was like having a piece of Steve, something tangible and far more intimate somehow than mere fantasies.  So, he would just put the poster back, safe and sound.  And if he spent a couple days in his workshop Definitely Not Thinking About It, then so be it.  Work was always a good distraction.
For a moment, he honestly convinced himself that he meant to.  That rolling it out on the bed and gently smoothing its creases with his hands was to make sure that there was no evidence of his warped little adventure.  But staring at Captain America in full battle mode, pulling back, muscles taunt to fling the shield, as the artist had depicted him, square-jaw and piercing blue eyes so familiar to Tony now that he could almost read into the expression what Steve would be thinking; trajectory, force, position, friend, foe, three steps ahead of whatever was about to bear the brunt of that throw…
And Tony was fifteen again…dim light from his desk lamp giving off a faint glow as he stared at the Captain America poster he’d nicked from his Dad’s closet.  Cap was dressed in the bright red, white and blue, stretched around ridiculously broad shoulders and sculpted muscles that tapered to a perfect V, looking rather serious in this one, encouraging the good American public to buy war bonds and support the boys overseas fighting the good fight, the perfect man and everything Tony knew he wasn’t.  Despite his genius, fifteen-year old Tony’s fantasy wasn’t particularly complicated. At least he was self-aware enough to know what he was doing, jacking-off to his father’s idol while down the hall, dear old Dad raised a bottle to disappointment. 

Staring at the poster, fifteen-year old Tony imagined Cap coming back from a mission, sweaty and blood-stained from battle, rushing to Tony’s workshop to tell him how well the new suit and tech Tony had designed for him had done.  “Amazing, Tony!  The Howling Commandos couldn’t have done it without your help,” Cap would say in the earnest way only Cap could ever make that sound (hey, he was fifteen).  Then Cap would slowly move into Tony’s space, towering over him, but Tony wasn’t afraid in the least.  He felt safe, felt loved, and when Cap gently ran his strong arms up Tony’s own to rest clasped on Tony’s shoulders, Tony would lean in and with a groan, Cap would be kissing him, gently at first, but soon it would turn feverish, hesitant touches and tastes giving way to sharp thrusts and rough hands grasping for the feel of skin.  Cap would push him down on the workroom floor, buckles clanging as clothes melted away, incredible muscles rippling beneath Tony’s touch, Cap’s soft smile and words of praise falling from his mouth about how good Tony felt, so good, how much h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Masturbation
Sexual Fantasy
Tony Feels
Porn with Feelings
Jealous Tony
Anal Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Virgin Steve Rogers
Pining Tony Stark
Getting Together
Fanart in Chapter 7
NSFW Fanart in Chapter 8

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

