Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The snow was cold. The silence was cold. Broken ribs and broken trust was cold.The blood he was choking on was scorching hot.He spat out another mouthful, tried to move, to roll on his side, but his body lit with piercing pain, the destroyed suit holding him still. He couldn't feel his fingers. Every breath hurt, scrapping his throat, forcing pierced lungs to inflate. Every spasming muscle, every wet, hacking cough hurt. The silence in his ears hurt.So much for friendship, so much for being a team. For Together.The failure was cold, the betrayal was cold.Death was cold. *** He came to gasping, blinded, disoriented. Hot. There was light above him, harsh and flickering, there were hands grasping him, intelligible voices shouting above him. There was-There was agony. *** He woke abruptly, a shout dying on his lips. He choked, gasped, breathed in. He puled in huge gasps of air, stale and hot but there, he could breathe with no destroyed armour or craved in chest stopping him. Nothing stopping him, nothing-Nothing but a gentle tugging at his chest.He moved his hand, his whole, undamaged hand, no broken bones screaming in protest, he could lift it to his chest, could feel-Could feel a couple of cables, small and isolated, connected to-…Impossible.He swallowed, his breathing quickening, fingers frantically moving around, finding the bandages, the ugly lump in his chest, drafted in, alien and unnatural and fucking impossible-"I wouldn’t do that if I were you."He twisted, eyes darting around a dim cave, left hand rising in a gesture to extend the ever-present gauntlet, to arm him, he needed his suit-The cables tugged again, there was a scape from the right, from- from a fucking car battery, old and dirty and terribly familiar. It was impossible-"Calm down before you faint," the voice said, the voice from his past, how-? It was- How… *** "You need to remain calm," Yinsen said, one hand on his wrist, tone dry and almost disinterested, almost uncaring. "I don’t have any drugs to give you and your heart really cannot afford the extra strain."Said the dead man holding his hand. The irony was too much."What have you done to me?" he whispered."I've saved your life.""And you expect me to be grateful?!"Yinsen was silent for a moment."All life is precious."Sure. *** They came later that day, big and armed and unwashed, pale shadows of the things from his nightmares. Had he been afraid of them, once upon a time? Really?Gods, he had been pathetic."Sure," he said, smile bright and sharp. "I'll build you your weapons. That's what I do. But I'll need some equipment first."Yinsen shot him a sharp look, mouth pursued. Disappointed, probably, if a hallucination, or a lucid dream, or- or whatever it was, could be disappointed.Get in line, Yinsen. Life is full of disappointments. You think you know someone, that you are friends, and then bam! You die alone in the cold."He won't let you go, you know. Once you've built him a Jericho. He won't let you go," Yinsen said quietly."I know.""He's only going to use you.""Most people do."He didn't talk to Yinsen much, didn't ask him his life story, didn't let himself grow close to him. It was for the best. He hadn't known that at the time, would learn about such techniques years later from- from Natasha, but Yinsen had been a dead man walking since the first day Tony had looked at him and let him in, let himself care about him.He would not make the same mistake twice."That doesn't look like a Jericho missile," Yinsen said from behind his shoulder."That's because it's not," he replied, slowly, carefully wielding all the parts together. God, it was ugly and clunky and inefficient, and he wanted to gnash his teeth at having it grafted to him again, but it would be a hell better than the fucking car battery. Once he got it done. "Do you mind? You're blocking the light.""You know, we would be more productive if you'd let me on your plans."Sure.This time, there were no plans, no drawings, nothing to give away the game. He had all the designs in his head, from the primitive Mark 1 all the way to the field-protected Mark 46, knew what to strengthen and what to modify. And the first thing that needed an overhaul, the critical weak point, was him.Stark men are made of iron. High time he started living up to the family motto."Heard that one before," he muttered. "Didn't work out too well for me.""What, you've been kidnapped and held in Afghanistan desert before? With your chances of survival depending greatly on the help of the more experienced fellow captive?""Wouldn’t you like to know."Once the miniaturised arch reactor was in his chest and he could move without dragging the fucking car battery everywhere, he did a careful inventory and adjusted his design for Mark 47. This time, he would do this properly. This time, there would be no one left to escape, to gather the pieces of the suit and arm his murderous, greedy traitor of a godfather.This time, there would be no one left, p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
CA:CW - Freeform
Civil War Team Iron Man
but no bashing
hopefully
Violence
realism (as much as possible)
Politics
Villain Tony Stark
perhaps
In a way
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
WIP
No Beta
Author is Bitter
Swearing
Beta Needed

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

