Work Text:
1.
“Rogers, you made bail.” 
When Steve got out front, Tony was waiting with an unimpressed look on his face and an annoyed lawyer at his side. “I cannot believe I just had to bail Captain America out of jail,” Tony stressed and Steve rolled his eyes.
“Oh c’mon, like you’ve never been arrested-“
“I haven’t been arrested, I’m too rich to have been arrested, and I THOUGHT you were too sensible to be arrested!” Tony said, shaking his head as they started to leave the precinct. “I swear to God, young man, I will be having a talk with your father-“
“Tony,” Steve sighed, rolling his eyes. “Can we not? At least until we get home?” he complained. Tony eyed him up and down but finally gave in when they got to the car that had been pulled around for them.
~
Almost as soon as they got to the common living room, the others were on them. “Dude, did STEVE really get arrested?!” Clint asked, jumping over the back of the couch to run over. “Steve, this is a joke, right-“
“Of course it is,” Natasha called from her spot on the couch. “Captain ‘oh, I beg your pardon, miss’ wouldn’t do anything to sully his good name.”
“Are we sure?” Bruce asked, shrugging as he pushed his glasses up his nose. “I mean… Steve isn’t much of a prankster-“
“I do not understand. Is feigning incarceration amusing here?” Thor asked curiously. “I fear I fail to understand much of the humor in this realm.”
Tony glowered at Steve as he walked over to the couch and shoved Natasha’s feet out of the way to flop down, letting her put them back in his lap. “Oh it’s real alright. Unless my lawyer can get Steve off, he has a serious fine for ‘Criminal Mischief’ coming his way. We’re talking many thousands of dollars, which yeah, it’s not a big deal, but he’ll have a criminal record to go with it.”
Clint’s eyes widened. “Oooh what did you do?!”
Steve sighed. “It’s not that big of a deal, Tony, you’re getting all worked up-“
“You keyed a car!” he accused. “I’m getting worked up and you keyed an Audi!”
Natasha looked up. “Whoa, what?” she asked, and Steve shrugged, looking unashamed as he crossed his arms.
“The guy deserved worse,” he said, and Natasha gave him a prodding look. He sighed. “Okay, so this woman was walking in front of me, and this jerk slowed down to drive along at her speed and yelled obscene shit out the window at her. She looked real scared, and I yelled at him to knock it off, and he just said ‘fuck off’, so when he got stopped at the red light, I walked up between the cars and scratched his car all the way down the side,” Steve said with a smirk. “Should’ve seen the look on his face.”
“Yeah, until he flagged down that bike cop and you were wearing that stupid old guy jacket, so when he described you and pointed your way, they knew it was you.” Tony pointed out.
Bruce gave Steve a sly grin. “Good job, Steve,” he said, reaching across the gap between them to high-five Steve. Natasha raised an eyebrow at Bruce, who matched her with his own raised eyebrow. “What? I was a college student in the eighties, you don’t have to be an old-timey gentleman to be a feminist,” he said with a shrug and Tony rolled his eyes dramatically.
“Yeah, Audi Guy was a dick, but Steve got arrested-“
“Stark, you told congress to suck your dick,” Clint pointed out. “Can you really argue there?”
Tony gave him a flat look. “I used to snort blow off of eighteen year old supermodel’s thighs, I’m not exactly a great role model. Steve is all kitten rescue and patriotism and wholesome goodness and apple pie. He’s literally Mr. Rogers, but he is not being who Mr. Rogers believed he could be if he gets arrested.”
Steve frowned. “Mr. Rogers?” he asked Natasha, who shrugged.
Bruce and Clint both gave them sympathetic looks. “Well that’s depressing,” he said and Clint nodded.
“The point is, you’re supposed to be like a nun! Not a biker!” Tony argued.
Steve pointed at him. “I actually do drive a motorcycle, and also, nuns in Sunday school hit really hard when I was a kid,” he argued.
Tony threw his hands up and left, as if he knew there was no winning this one.
~
2.
Steve was glad Tony was out of town when he was led out from the holding cells and found Natasha waiting for him with an amused tilt to her lips. When they got outside to the car waiting to take them back to the tower, Steve spoke. “I’m really sorry for troubling you, but Sam’s in DC and Tony’s out of town-“
“It’s okay,” Natasha said, shaking her head. “What was it this time?”
Steve grimaced. “Pickpocketing,” he admitted and Natasha gave him an impressed look.
“Wait, you can hotwire a car first, but now you tell me you can pickpocket too?” she demanded and he shrugged, blushing some. 
“It’s my eyes,” Steve said and she looked unconvinced. He smiled sheepishly. “Pickpocketing is about establishing non-threatening eye contact, and I’ve got big, innocent looking eyes.”
Natasha just laughed, but nodded. “Yeah, you definitely have that.” She grinned. “So what the hell made you decide to pickpocket someone?”
Steve tugge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Comedy
Humor
Canon Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

