Work Text:
It comes out of nowhere.
Bucky is straddling Steve on the bed, their hips moving together as he runs his hands down Steve's chest, the two of them rutting against each other. They're chasing friction and skin, Bucky drinking in the sight below him. Steve groans, his head thrown back on the sheets, eyes screwed half shut. He's a dream, muscles rippling under the touch of Bucky's fingers, his lips swollen red from biting kisses, hickeys fading on his neck.
Bucky wraps his right hand around Steve's cock. Steve lets out a loud, shaking groan as Bucky pumps his hand up and down at a pace that's purposefully slow.
With a smirk, Bucky leans down to kiss Steve. He pulls away to nip at his ear, whispering, "What do you want me to do, Steve? I'll do anything, I'll do anything, tell me what you want," in a breathless litany.
"I want – I want," Steve pants disjointedly. Bucky's still stroking Steve’s dick with one hand and his cheek with the other, teasing his lips with a finger. Bucky straightens up and kneels over Steve, brushing a metal thumb over his wet lips and grinning mischievously at Steve.
"What do you want, pal?" Bucky says, voice low in his throat. "Spit it out already."
Steve's eyes snap open. Fixing Bucky with a look, he clears his throat.
Oh, no, Bucky thinks.
"I want your fist," Steve says levelly. "The metal one, inside me. All of it."
Bucky almost falls off the bed.
*
Needless to say, they don't go that far that night.
No – by the time Bucky gets his head back, Steve's lying next to him, stroking his hair and looking somewhat concerned.
"Are you alright?" Steve asks.
"Yeah," Bucky says, voice hoarse and wrecked. He thinks he may have yelled. Screamed, actually. "I haven't come that hard in…yeah. Alright."
Steve's concern quickly changes to amusement. "I barely even touched you," he says. Bucky blinks, coming back to himself a little.
"Yeah, well," he says, rolling over onto his back. "That was. Something."
"Was it something I said?" Steve asks faux-innocently. When Bucky looks over at him, he's lying on his side with his head propped up on a hand, smirking.
"Steve," Bucky says, reading the look in his eye. "You can't be serious."
"I'm always serious," Steve says with a chuckle. "What, you've never thought about it before?"
"The hand…" Bucky trails off, shaking his head. "It's not made for that."
"I should hope not," Steve jokes. Bucky scowls at him.
"The metal's hard," he says. "It's cold. And it's bigger than a normal hand. Bulkier."
"That's what you said about your dick; but if I recall correctly, we had nothing to fear," Steve smirks.
"You're an asshole," Bucky laughs.
"Okay, back to the topic of my asshole," Steve says. "Your hand. What do you say?"
"Jesus," Bucky says, and has to lay back on the pillows, staring up at the ceiling. He didn't think he could get it up again this quick. "If you keep talking like that…"
"Don't tell me you've never thought about it," Steve says, crawling up the bed and lying next to Bucky. "Haven't you fingered yourself with that hand before?"
"Some," Bucky shrugs. "It’s cold, though, and lube's a bitch to get out of the joints."
"It'd be worth it," Steve says.
"Could you take it?" Bucky asks, looking down at his hand and balking a little, thinking about it. Fuck, he thinks, going a little breathless at the mental picture.
He turns to look at Steve, who's raising an eyebrow at him in obvious offense.
Shit. Now he's done it.
"We'll talk about it," he promises Steve, reaching over to cup his jaw and pull him in for a kiss.
*
Of course, they're busy as hell. Steve always is – he has the Avengers to lead, Tony Stark to argue with, countless meetings, and whatever else he does. Bucky has his stuff, too, and he ends up leaving for two weeks on some mission of Fury's that he probably shouldn't have taken.
No, scratch that, a mission he definitely shouldn't have taken. He's trapped in an underground base, shooting at robots and weird mutated lizards or something. He called for backup hours ago.
Bucky grunts as one of the lizards jumps up onto the balcony where he's hiding. He shoots it, but it doesn't go down.
"You've got to be fucking kidding me," he says as the lizard scuttles towards him – on its robotic arms. The weird mutated lizards are now weird mutated cyborg lizards. A lot can happen in a couple of hours, he figures.
He raises his gun and fires off a volley, shooting out the tech before he goes for the biological parts. The lizard is almost upon him when something hits it, throwing it onto its back.
It's Cap's shield.
"About time," Bucky grunts, wondering why Fury sent Steve – not that he's complaining.
"Can't you keep yourself out of trouble for five minutes?" Cap says, swinging himself up onto the balcony by the railing. He retrieves his shield and uses it to smash the lizard cyborg's motherboard, deactivating it.
"Nice to see you too," Bucky says pleasantly, getting to his feet. He turns to the bunker below, sneaking a peak outside of his cover. Half of t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Humor
Established Relationship
Porn With Plot
the plot is the porn
Dirty Talk
terrible sexting
Fisting
Anal Fisting
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

