Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Narrowly avoiding getting flattened into roadkill, Tony sidesteps the speeding Porsche and flips the driver off."Overcompensation?" he hollers after the Porsche, grinning in response when the driver throws up his middle finger before he turns the corner. A girl passing him shoots him a curious look, and she's good-looking, opens her mouth like she's going to ask Tony something but he doesn't have the time nor wants to, so he lifts his fingers in a half-assed wave and hauls his bike on the sidewalk. Tony parks his bike out front, laying it gently on the bike rack. The sky is blue, the wind's on his face, his laptop's charged, Tony's in a good mood. It's almost Spring Break, and he's just been dying for a cozy, peaceful morning at his favorite cafe, the Lionsgate. The cafe's his favorite for a reason—"Hey, Tony!" Clint calls as soon as Tony steps inside, unable to control the smile that spreads across his face as the smell of baked goods and happiness slams in his face. The bells jingle softly above him, and he turns to the fellow brown-haired man with a smile on his face."Sup, Clint. How you doing?" Tony greets, walking over to the counter.T his early in the morning, Clint's the only one manning the cafe for his early shift. Clint shoots him a friendly grin and cocks an eyebrow.  "Same order?" Clint asks, taking a pen and flipping it, catching it deftly with one hand as Tony nods. Clint moves behind the counter, lithe and agile in his brown Lionsgate apron. "Your hoodie looks cute," he adds, pouring Tony a mug filled to the brim with his favorite, black, black coffee. Black like scorched earth is how he likes it. He hands the mug over to Tony, who takes it and sips the liquid, closes his eyes like he's having a religious experience, and sighs in contentment.Clint snorts. "Jesus, Tones, at least try to hide the boner." Pauses, then tells Tony almost disapprovingly like what, Clint's his mother now? "You're burning your tastebuds right off."Tony takes another long sip and feels the magic happening. "Sorry. I sometimes forget how distracting I can be for you." He blinks up at his friend through his eyelashes, bats his eyes adoringly. "Sorry, am I enticing you right now?" He takes his hands, swirls them around in the air, "Am I giving off some sort of mating pheromone?"Clint scoffs, rolls his eyes, ignores the suggestive comment with practiced ease. "I forget you've probably burned the nerves off your poor tongue since you were around four and eating batteries and sticking your fingers in sockets.""How did you get my autobiography?" Tony says, leveling an accusing finger at Clint. Clint rolls his eyes, finger twitching like he wants to flick Tony with it. "I obviously snoop around in your personal things. You know. Because I have a shameful, health debilitating, giant crush on you. You and your scalded tongue.""Aw thanks," Tony replies with a teasing smirk. "Might wanna reign in the crush you obviously have going for me there, or else people are going to suspect something," he says, purposefully raising his voice a little so the only other two customers in the cafe this early in the morning shoot them a subtle side-eye while Clint tries his hardest not to react. "Why are you so concerned about my tongue, Barton?" Tony asks, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.Clint holds a hand to his heart, looking offended to his bones. "Excuse you, you'd be lucky to have me. And kindly fuck off about the tongue. I don't need any more nightmares featuring you, not when you're always here during the day." A woman behind Clint on another table waves her hand for his attention, and Clint, being the five-starred customer-of-the-goddamn-month he is, decides to ignore her in the stead of keeping Tony company. This, Tony thinks wryly. Is the height of true friendship. "I've already got you, sweetcheeks." Tony stares back for a moment, then turns on his heel and sways his hips, glancing back and being absolutely smug as fuck about it when Clint's dark eyes go faintly predatory. "You make me coffee. I've dated for less," he says, smiling with his teeth. "Knowing that you dream about me is such masturbation fodder."The woman behind Clint gets noticeably huffy, leaves the cafe with a hostile glare that Tony responds with a placating grin. The door jingles again, and another customer walks in to idle around the counter. Clint laughs, flips him off, and turns to serve the other customer who's currently eyeing them with a lot of uncomfortable confusion. Tony notices it right away, of course, the spark of interest in the eyes as the stranger clears his throat and turns his body away to the counter, shoulders stiff. Well. Someone needs to release some sexual tension. The cafe's almost empty this early in the morning, and Tony loves it that way. All he needs is some AC/DC blasting through the speakers but Clint will probably asphyxiate him for that, so he refrains from upsetting the man who makes him coffee. Clint's b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Humor
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Assassin Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Adorable Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Hurt Tony Stark
steve has no idea why he's being shot at
Oh wait he does
he's the head of a crime family
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
bucky is a hitman/second in command
tony's just trying to stay alive
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
he also makes Tony coffee
Slow Build
Mutual Pining
Worldbuilding
Alternate Universe - Mob
Established Relationship
Pre-Relationship
Angst and Tragedy
Sorry Not Sorry
Bucky is a Murder Muffin
Tony is oblivious about how adorable he is
Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

