Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They had never had the outright discussion about whether or not they were exclusive, and Christ, there was no way that someone like Steve wanted to be exclusive with someone like Bucky, so Bucky didn’t think twice in the moment when the opportunity arose to fuck around with a stranger at a party. He did however, think about it literally every moment of their encounter and for hours afterwards.His lips weren’t that intoxicating combination of soft and sweet and firm, taking control easily, leaving Bucky breathless. His shoulders weren’t as large, as muscular, his back void of the muscles that Bucky so desperately wanted to feel rippling under his fingers. His hands weren’t as commanding, as gentle, and his thighs didn’t feel right between Bucky’s legs. Bucky might have been able to shake all of these things, pushed them to the side, but there was one thing that he couldn’t overlook—intimacy. Yes, they had been intimate but…there was little focus on each other’s pleasure. Yeah, Bucky had gotten out an “Oh fuck, Daddy,”, and the guy had gone along with it, but that’s where it ended. The intimacy and desire that came with the term was missing and it left Bucky feeling empty. It made Bucky burn for Steve, from the inside out.He has had weeks, months, to realize he had fallen and fallen hard for Steve and all he did was get swept up in this new relationship. Relationship? Fuck if he knows the proper label, if there is one. What they had moved at Bucky’s pace and that was Steve’s insistence, not wanting to push anything onto the younger man. Ever since Bucky had caught Steve sneaking a plethora of glances at him from a barstool across his favorite local dive bar he had been hooked. A deadly combination of Nat’s encouragement and liquid courage had convinced him to saunter up to Steve’s chair, bat his eyelashes, and murmur a “Hi…”. Their conversations had been easy, flirty, one thing obviously on Bucky’s mind, but all Steve did was rile him up, shower him with compliments, filthy glances, heated whispers, before leaving him with a kiss on the cheek and his number in Bucky’s phone.Bucky jerked off to the thought of a much older Steve whispering filth in his ear as he fucked him into the mattress, coming with a shout, and two days later he was messaging Steve. But Steve insisted—everything at Bucky’s pace. And Bucky struggled with that. He didn’t want to seem like a needy, barely legal kid, desperate for Steve’s attention but at the same time he didn’t want to seem disinterested. He really liked Steve. He made Bucky feel important and cherished while at the same time quickly learned how to take Bucky apart, what made him hot, how to fuck Bucky in a way that was practically an out-of-body experience for him. It was incredible and Bucky loved the time he spent with Steve, sex or not, and it was always the same—“Whatever you want, baby.”.And now here he is, walking up the steps to Steve’s brownstone at 12:03 in the morning on a Thursday night. He’s standing there like a fucking idiot with his tail between his legs, his hand coming up to ring the doorbell and falling back to his side maybe 8 times, and he lets out a shaky sigh. What if Steve wasn’t awake? Was this out of line? Showing up to his house in the middle of the fucking night? Fuck. The buzz from the alcohol given to him at the party was quickly wearing off, as was his courage, but he couldn’t take any steps away from Steve’s front door. He felt tears well up in his eyes, his throat tightening briefly, before he pulled his phone out of his pocket and sent Steve a text.
 You up? 
Ridiculous. It sounded like a booty call, like he wanted to get dicked down, and Bucky instantly regretted sending it, letting out a small distressed noise but a short vibration from his phone in his palm drew him away from his thoughts.
 Yeah, baby. What’s up? 
Bucky huffed out a breath and quickly rang the doorbell before he could talk himself out of doing so, pocketing his phone and automatically crossing his arms across his chest in an anxious move. It took him a moment before he heard Steve’s footsteps from the other side of the door but, in what felt like an eternity, it was swung open and there stood Steve.God, Steve. For reasons beyond Bucky, Steve was still dressed in clothes from what he was assuming was work: Navy blue dress pants that were sinfully tight, a crisp white button-down shirt open at the collar tucked into said pants, a gold watch around his left wrist. His blonde hair had grown since Bucky first met Steve and it was pushed back out of his face, his beard looking achingly soft and Bucky’s fingers twitched as he shoved down the desire to reach out and stroke it. Steve looked so fucking good and powerful and Bucky ached all over, inside and out, at his desire for the older man.“Buck?” Steve’s voice was laced with both concern and curiosity as he stood in the doorway with one hand on his hip and one leaning on the outside of the doorknob. Sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Rimming
Humiliation
Praise Kink
Subspace
Size Kink
Size Difference
Dirty Thoughts
Dom/sub Undertones
Crying
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

