Chapter 1: Jarvis is EVERYWHERE!
    




Chapter Text
Steve sighed, paper work was so damn boring but it had to be done. Tapping away on the state of the art laptop he had been given as part of his work duties he went about completing his tasks. A notification appeared on his desktop a request for a video chat. Sometimes the officers or generals communicated via video chat so this wasn’t strange. The lines were supposed to be secure. He answered and prepared to greet said officer when the words died on his tongue. Oh it was a glorious death. The most delicious scene greeted his eyes, it was hedonistic and downright pornographic. Scratch that it was better than porn. This was real life. The camera was positioned on a desk it seemed, probably a laptop camera or phone. A lean slim hipped omega was on all fours facing away from the camera with his knees spread just right. The view of his dripping opening and sweat glistened skin clearly spoke of a heat. His thighs quake as a slim hand reaches around and thin fingers begin to circle his need.  Short brown curls come into view as the omega’s head rolls back as his fingers enter seamlessly. This omega is experienced but judging how his need stretched and clenched those fingers he seemed virgin tight.  If only there had been volume.Steve’s pupils widen, his beta brain taking in the image of a clearly aroused omega taking care of their need. Slowly his brain caught up with exactly what it was seeing he opened his mouth to alert his mate but no sound escaped. Realizing his mouth wasn’t working,he quickly slapped the brunet to his right repeatedly, trying to get his attention. “For fucks sake punk,” The brunet complained taking off his headphones and half turning, “use your worr-omg!” Bucky’s train of thought got derailed when it focused on the video feed on Steve’s screen, “Oh daymn,” sitting up he move his chair in close to Steve huddling in on the laptop. “How did you get porn onto the this laptop?” Steve sure did have some sheer dumb luck, but why did he wait till their secound tour to work his voodoo to get porn? Bastard.Steve tried to speak again but no words come as the omega removes his fingers and bows his head showing a delicious curve in his spine. This curve highlights his full round butt. Those marvelous cheeks aren’t doing well at containing the copious amount of slick seemingly gushing from him.The omega was clearly lost in heat. The two soldiers are mesmerized as the hand returned holding the base of a knotted dildo. “Fuck, why doesn’t it have volume Stevie?” Bucky hissed as the omega slowly worked the tip against it’s opening head thrown back in pure bliss as the bulbous head penetrated him. The omega continued to handle the dildo until it was completely within them. Slowly the omega worked himself up onto his knees and turned their face finally coming into view as they grinded down into the bed and placed a hand on their hard cock. Bucky and Steve’s eyes widened, pupils completely blown. Slow realization dawning on them. That perfectly sculpted face with a strong jaw and neatly trimmed facial hair. Those sweat dampened curls and oh so kissable pink lips. “Is that?” Steve has finally found words. “Tony Fucking Stark!” Bucky exclaimed looking back at his computer for a moment and seeing the announcement email. The weapons manufacturer was going to be on tour at their base in a few weeks. “Hot diggity damn,” Bucky looks back at the screen.  He’s so hard he doesn’t think there’s blood anywhere else in his body but his crotch.“Fuck!” Steve curses, and cocked his head slightly as he made out the rough outline of a lion on one of Tony’s legs. They say you know your mark when you see it on another, even in photographs. Steve had thought it was nonsense until now. He knew it. That lion was his lion. “FUCK!” He heard Bucky curse echo his own, their eyes focusing on the self pleasing omega on the screen. They watch the omega bring himself to completion as he stuffs the knotted portion of the dildo into his hole and comes in long hard spurts.  The tale tale signs of a heat more present  as the omega remains hard and looked as though he let out a cry of frustration as his hips rock back into the bed. He had turned away from the camera again and was clearly grinding himself into the bed. “Does he even know we’re here?” Bucky asked palming his erection through his uniform. Seriously though volume was needed but at the same time the soundtrack Bucky’s mind provided was sinfully delicious. The choir of moans and cries he imaged Tony was mewing. He wondered how his name would sound whimpered from those lips as the omega was overcome with pleasure. Steve slowly shook his head eyes not leaving the rise and fall of the round rump of the omega on the screen. “He’s gotta…” Bucky couldn’t look away from were the beginnings of triangular ears became visible as Tony stretched out his legs seemingly looking for a better angle as he adjusted his thrusts. “Do you think this is a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Brock Rumlow/Sam Wilson
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Logan/Colossus

freeform: 
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
ABO
Omega Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky is a horn dog
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Heats
ruts
Mates
mate marks
Soul Bond
Fandom Mash
Universe mash
small Tony Stark
Small Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum James "Bucky" Barnes
Non-Winter Soldier Bucky barnes
soul marks
Soul Sex
slick
Men in uniform
Explosions
Cannon Typical Violence
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Car Sex
Accidental Voyeurism
dub con
Mildly Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Pack Bonding
Soul Mate Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Sexy Times
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Size Difference
Showers
Tattoos
Barebacking
Mpreg
Come Swallowing
Come as Lube
Breeding
There's a lot of sexy happening I might have missed some tags
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Alpha Pepper Potts
Alpha Brock Rumlow
Omega Clint Barton
DO NOT COPY
Double Penetration in One Hole
Double Anal Penetration
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Knotting Dildos
Come Marking
Come Inflation
Double Knotting
Tony Feels
Tony In Heat
Porn With Plot
Sex Toys
Sex
Bathroom Sex
Frottage
Jock Straps
Hate Crimes
Sleep Sex
Semi-Public Sex
waking up to sex
sex while asleep
Rutting
pop a knot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Brock Rumlow/Sam Wilson
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Logan/Colossus

