Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Harley Coulson née Potter fluttered about Molly Weasley's kitchen, helping the elder witch and various other wives prepare a feast of dinner. With her fiery red hair- very much similar to that of her late Mum's- piled atop her head and pinned with her wand, Harley moved about the kitchen mixing and stirring and setting the dinner table.Nearly the entire Weasley clan- with the exception of Charlie who refused to leave the Dragon Reserve in Romania unless it was Christmas- was to be in attendance of the night's dinner. Bill, along with his wife and two children- Fleur, Victoire, and William- had been the first to show up at the Burrow just before Harley had floo'd in with Ron and a very pregnant Hermione. Percy, along with his wife and daughter- Audrey and Lucy- were next to show up along with George and his own wife and daughter, Angelina and Roxanne. And last but not least, Ginny had showed up just in time as her brother's were picking Quidditch teams with her fiance, Dean Thomas.Arthur and Hermione sat outside in the garden with the children playing around them as the Weasley men, Ginny, and Thomas were flying overhead. Inside- Molly, Harley, Fleur, Audrey, and Angelina bustled about the kitchen gossiping about their own families as usual."I swear," Angelina sighs, brushing her hands off on her jeans. "Roxanne is becoming more and more like her father as the days pass. I fear the day I become pregnant again and it happens to be a boy. George is going to have a ball."Harley laughs, smiling as she brushes at an itch on her nose and leaves a trail of flour in it's wake.At the age of twenty-nine, the fiery red head is the spitting image of her mother- the exception being the very infamous lightning bolt scar on her forehead that she didn't bother hiding anymore. Flesh nearly as pale as snow glows healthy as vivid green eyes sparkle happily at the room's occupants, and curves that every woman craved vibrated with laughter when Angelina quickly pointed at the flour staining her nose."If you think George is bad, wait until 'Mione goes into labor," Harley then pipes up after wiping clean the flour from her face. "That baby boy is going to be spoiled rotten the second his head pops out from between her legs."Molly quickly scolds Harley for her blunt description while the other women cackle madly and continue to ready the dinner. The discussion then falls onto Ginny and the thoughts about the witch's upcoming marriage, and any thoughts about whether Dean would ever seal the deal and give Molly another grand-child. Molly would have scolded Angelina for her brash language as well but the more she thought about it, she wondered if Ginny would give her grand-babies like her boys were doing. While Ginny had been excited about the idea of marriage, Molly nor anyone else had ever heard the youngest Weasley's thoughts on having children of her own."Speaking of kids, Harls," Audrey puts the spotlight back on the only redhead who wasn't a Weasley or married to one. "When are you and that mysterious husband of yours going to join the parent club?"Harley is in the midst of pouring butter beer into glasses when the question is fired at her, the witch zoning out at the mention of said mysterious husband.She had met Phil Coulson when she was twenty and exploring America along with Ron and Hermione. The man was with a friend of his- the two gentlemen being the only ones well dressed in pressed jeans and blazers- as he held the door open for her at a bar the three underage magical beings managed to snag fake I.D's for, and it had been love at first smile for Harley.Since he appeared to be older than the beautiful red-head, he figured Harley's flirtatious smile was for his well-muscled and younger companion so Phil was quite shocked when Harley had bought him a drink instead. He had politely refused all flirtatious advances given by Harley's liquid courage with the excuses that he was only in state on business and would be leaving for New York when said work was finished. Of course, the redheaded witch was let down but didn't let it stop her from trying to at least befriend the attractive older muggle.For a few weeks, they hit it off as friends and even met up at the bar for a few drinks and laughs. But as Phil had warned, work soon ended and he left back for home.Harley declared that if it was meant to be it'd happen sooner or later, and Fate was on Harley's side when a year later they met yet again in another state in yet another bar.They laughed, they shared drinks- and encouraged by said drinks and surprisingly intimate setting- they had shared their first kiss. Phil, of course, had been horrified and shocked by his actions but Harley seemed more than okay with it all. Given his drunken state, Phil found a moment of clarity where he stopped everything for a moment and came clean that his specific job would prove dangerous for her if
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
girl!Harry
tweaked Battle of New York
loads of magic
Fluff
Humor
pregnancy shenanigans

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Phil Coulson

