Chapter 1: On Triwizard Tasks and the Deflection of Unforgiveables
    




Chapter Text

“I’m going to kill you, Harry Potter. I’m going to destroy you. After tonight, no one will ever again question my powers. After tonight, if they speak of you they’ll speak only of how you begged for death. And I, being a merciful lord, obliged.”


His body is aching. Voldemort’s calm, measured words ring in Harry’s ears over and over as he holds his wand with both hands, struggling to keep his footing. The blinding light of the conjoined spells keep him from seeing Voldemort, but he can hear the wizard shouting at his Death Eaters. The sickly, bright green of the Avada Kedavra gets closer, the red of the Expelliarmus fading as Harry strains with all his might, fighting for his life even as he feels his magic weakening the longer he keeps the spell up. Voldemort stands opposite him, sure and confident, laughing victoriously already. Harry pants heavily, feeling sweat beading on his brow from the exertion and he is sure this is it. 


This is it. 


After all, he may have defeated Voldemort as a baby, but now his mother’s protection is null and void - thank you very much, Wormtail - and Voldemort is back in human form and at full strength. Harry really has no chance now. Still, he holds on for all he is worth, thinking of his family, his friends, Hogwarts. He has to try, for them and for his parents’ sake. 


“He is mine!” Voldemort shouts triumphantly. “The Boy Who Lived will be no more!” 


Harry groans under the strain of the spells locked together and knows he can hold it no longer. His Expelliarmus is almost non-existent now. He closes his eyes in preparation for the world beyond this one when suddenly he feels his feet leave the ground and he is flying through the air, arms flailing and hand still clenched tightly around his wand. He lands several feet from where he had been standing just a few short moments ago, breathless, his body screaming in pain from the impact and from the Crucio Voldemort had hit him with earlier. Eyes flying open, he scans the graveyard desperately, wondering why he is still alive and what on earth interrupted the duel. The Death Eaters are prone, scattered around the graves, some unconscious, some groaning in pain. Voldemort is struggling onto his knees, breathing heavily. 


Between Harry and Voldemort, a strange figure stands with his back to Harry. He is tall - taller than Voldemort, Harry sees - and is dressed oddly even amongst wizards. He wears black and green leathers and heavy leather boots. Decorated, gold vambraces cover his forearms and there is another armoured gold plate on one of his shoulders. His leather coat seems to move with the wind even though the night air is still. Harry thinks he is dressed for combat - is used to it even. His stance seems all at once both relaxed and alert, all of his senses almost disinterestedly honed on the environment around him. 


Across the other side of the graveyard, Voldemort snarls and lifts his wand in a rage. 


“Avada Kedavra!” He snaps. The spell shoots from the tip of his gnarled wand in the direction of the man and Harry shouts a warning but the man simply lifts a pale hand and catches it. The spell coalesces as a ball of green light in his hand and for a moment the man appears to play with it. It disperses seconds later with a dismissive wave of his hand. A low chuckle fills the graveyard. 

“You truly think your spells will affect me? Hm,” the man sounds as though he’s smirking. “I suppose, however, that I should expect no better from a mortal wizard.”

Voldemort looks affronted - although really, Harry thinks, affronted is a rather mild word to describe the expression on the other wizard’s face. Enraged, Voldemort lifts his wand again. 


“I am no mere mortal wizard, you insolent worm! I am the all-powerful Lord Voldemort and all shall bow before me! Crucio!” 


Again, the man simply catches the spell and holds it in his hand. He looks at it, pauses, and then moments later it splits and shoots from his hand towards some of the more recovered, bolder Death Eaters who had been rather stupidly sneaking up from the side. The Death Eaters in question do not dodge in time, but fall to the ground shrieking in pain. 


“I rather doubt your assertion, Tom Riddle,” the man comments. “I know many wizards, warlocks, sorcerers, and others, all of whom have far greater power than you.” 

“And who might these be? I would have their names so I can prove you wrong.”
The man sighs and appears to brush lint from his shoulder.
“Midgardians. Always so egotistical and over-reaching their own capabilities. Always so ignorant and lacking in true knowledge,” he muses.
Midgardians? Harry’s brow furrows in confusion over the strange term. He’s pretty sure now that this man is no wizard - he’s not even sure that he’s human.

“You clearly know not with whom you speak! Such insolence will be punished!” Voldemort hisses. Having seen the man deflect two Unforg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
Mpreg
Family Relationships - Freeform
Friendship
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

