Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The long chain wasn’t actually necessary, what with Friday being able to control every door and window in the building, and every single one of the Avengers being physically stronger and faster than him (even the non-enhanced ones like Tony, Natasha, Clint and Sam). So it’s not like Peter could escape from their private floor, much less the tower as a whole.They simply liked the physical proof that he couldn’t get away. They liked being able to touch the chain, to hear the links clink when he moved. They liked being able to see him tethered to their home. Their territory.-It hadn’t started like this. Of course not. These things never do. Or, at least Peter doesn’t think they do.He had been one of the very few lucky college students to get an internship at Stark Industries, home of the Avengers. (Though, while Peter was undoubtedly a fan, he cared far more about the Stark Industries part of the deal, than being close to the cities heroes)He had started out as a lab assistant to one of the project leaders, working on different things. After about four months of that, the new interns (which included Peter), had been asked to propose an idea for a new project that could benefit the company, and/or society.Peter’s idea of an organic polymer that could be compressed and stored in great quantities, and hardened to adjustable strength when exposed to air, had immediately caught the attention of one Dr. Bruce Banner.After the initial shock and hero worship that Peter experienced when being face to face with one of the greatest minds the scientific community had to offer wore off, he was able to talk to Dr. Banner (”Please, call me Bruce.”) about the different applications his formula could be used for, especially in the fields of emergency rescue and medicine.Peter had apparently left such a good impression on the doctor, that the man who would occasionally turn into a green rage monster, had elevated Peter to  his personal lab assistant.Needless to say, the college student was over the moon.Shortly after beginning to work with Dr. Banner (”No, seriously Peter, call me Bruce”), Peter had gotten to know Tony Stark.Stark was a close friend and frequent visitor of Dr. Banner (which of course he was, with them both being on the same Superhero team), and had come to the lab one day to talk shop and escape one of his many, many board meetings.After Peter somehow managed to stutter his way through an introduction to Tony fucking Stark, the man had enthusiastically joined the two in brainstorming for more and more ways to adjust and improve on the ‘web-fluid’. (”So you are the little Spiderling Brucie-bear has been ranting about for the last few days.” “Sp-Spiderling, sir?” “Well, your web-fluid, yes, that’s what I’m calling it, does have some similarity to spidersilk. I was just going to call you ‘Bug-boy’, but seeing you in person, that name doesn’t really fit someone as cute as you.” Not knowing how to deal with being called ‘cute’ by one of the smartest and most powerful men in the world, Peter’s brain had zeroed in on the one thing it could process. “…Spiders are arachnids…” The two older scientists had given him an impossibly fond look for that comment)Lab work often ran pretty late, and on one day where the hours had flown by particularly fast, Bruce had invited Peter to just stay the night there.(”I wouldn’t feel good about you taking the subway at this hour of the day, or rather night. There are more than enough guest rooms on the Avengers floor. And I’m sure we can find you something to sleep in.” “I, I couldn’t, Dr. Ban- I mean Bruce. That would be such an imposition-” “You are not an imposition, Peter. As I said, more than enough rooms. Tony has actually raised the idea of giving you one of those for your internship. You are our most promising intern in years.” Peter had blushed fifty shades of red “But Dr- Bruce, that’s not necessary, really, it’s not that late, I can just-” “Nonsense. Crime has been picking up lately, especially after dark. Can’t have my best assistant get jumped on his way home. Come on, it’s Steve’s turn to cook tonight, and that man makes a mean casserole.”)And that’s how he had met the other Avengers.He was awkward at first, shy and insecure about every little thing he said and every gesture he made. But the Avengers (THE AVENGERS!) had been very welcoming of the younger man. Asked him about his studies, his work in the labs, teased lightly about how much both Bruce and Tony were always praising him. The dinner had been great, conversation flowing between him (a total nobody) and the worlds mightiest heroes, going through many different topics. It had been mostly lighthearted and funny, with Peter being just as pleasantly surprised about the easy camaraderie as the Avengers were. He had helped clean the dishes after, and had tried his best to not feel emasculated when the clothes to sleep in, had come out of the Black Widow’s closet. (”You have a dancer’s figure.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Peter is not spiderman
No Powers!Peter
the others are still the Avengers
Dubious Consent
Bondage
Polyamory
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Captivity
Everyone loves Peter
in that way
darkly soft Avengers
in that they just want to keep Peter safe and with them
and love him
obsessive Avengers
College Student Peter
Adult Peter
Kidnapping
Clint is not married and has no kids
Tony is not in a relationship with Pepper
Obsession
Possessive Avengers
Very Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dependency
Unhealthy Relationships
Forced Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

