Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Jason pressed hard on the device hidden in his boot. It hissed, whirring loudly, his heel lighting up red. He checked both sides of the street, the end and mouth of the alley, the rooftops. God, the rain was just washing blood over his eyes. His helmet was smashed to shit, so in the dumpster it went.
Tim groaned, sucking in a shaking breath.
Jason ripped off his leather jacket, wrapping it around Tim. Tim looked far too small, too pale, in his jacket. He needed to find a pharmacy or someone who didn't ask questions and fast, he wasn't sure how long it would be before Tim lost too much blood.
"This thing was supposed to suck things in, not spit people out!" Someone said above him. "You sure you saw this right, Clint?"
"Of course I'm sure! It spat out two guys, one with a weird wing-cape thing and a domino mask, the other with a cracked open red helmet and a leather jacket armed to the teeth like the Punisher, both injured," Clint answered irritably, his tone leaving no room for discussion.
He had to hide them, had to hide Tim. Where where where? Think Jason, you monumental undead idiot! Look around. Dumpster, fire escape, street, staircase- staircase to the building at the back of the alley. Good enough for now.
He gathered Tim in his arms, holding him carefully against his chest. He slipped back into his training as Robin, gliding through the shadows and rain to the underside of the staircase. Jason crammed them as far as he could into the farthest corner back, tucked up his knees and held Tim as close as humanly possible.
Tim whined, lifting a hand from his torn up abdomen to clutch at Jason's chestplate. Jason zipped up the jacket a little and wrapped it closer around his shoulders, pressing a kiss to the kid's head.
"It's gonna be okay, little wing, just keep breathing for me, you got that?" He murmured into Tim's hair. "Keep breathing, kid, just a little while longer."
Tim blinked up at him, fingers dragging red across his chestplate. "Jas'n?" He slurred.
"Right here," Jason assured him. He tucked Tim a little closer, pressing his head to the crook of his neck. Tim burrowed in, quieting. If it weren't for his breath on his neck, Jason would have been terrified the brat'd clocked out. "I'm right here, Timbo."
God, someone, anyone please just find them. He didn't care if it was Cass or Damian or someone Bruce had spontaniously adopted when they stepped out for patrol. The tracker in his boot was whirring and hissing and whining, drowned out by the storm, so someone had to have been alerted. B probably had them tagged, and Barbara was probably tracking them right now. Someone had better show up. He'd be cool with anyone.
"Clint, Tony, stay here," a new voice called, and a guy in dark blue gear with a metal shield on his back dropped into the alley.
Literally anyone but them, Karma please don't catch up now.
Jason pressed back even more despite the fact there was no more room, and prayed the shadows had camouflaged them enough. He watched as the man, unbothered by the storm, gutter trash smell, and diluted pool of blood he had landed in, stalked the alley. Jason wiped blood from his domino mask. 
Tim sucked in another pained breath. He hissed softly, curling his arms over his wounds. His skin was loosing too much color and getting too cold. "Hush, little wing," Jason  said gently. "I'll fix you up, I swear on my mask, you just gotta keep breathing. Can you do that for me, Red?"
Tim nodded into his neck, trying his best to stay quiet. It's okay, Jason wanted to tell him, they'd be perfectly fine and they'd be home in no time. But then he'd be lying, 'cause honestly he didn't know if it'd be okay any time soon.
The man in dark blue stopped beside the stairs. He shifted, then turned towards them. He dropped into a crouch, scanning the space under the stairs. Jason held his breath. The man scanned over them once, twice, thrice, before squinting at their corner.

Drip.


Drip.


Drip.

He was bleeding on the floor. Shit.
The man's posture loosened. He undid a clasp under his chin, taking off his helmet. He had startlingly blue eyes and messy blond hair. He smiled gently, offering his hand. "Hey," he said, "my name's Steve. What's yours?"
Jason wanted to kick him in the face and run.
Steve frowned. "I guess you can't tell me that, huh? No worries, you can tell us when you're ready. We're here to help you, not hurt you," he said. 
Lies.
"Here, let me take your friend and we'll patch you both up - " he reached for Tim.
Jason's grip tightened, and before he knew what he was doing, he'd kicked the offending hands away and, with more force than he knew he had in him, had roared in protest, screaming that no one was getting anywhere near his brother now back the fuck off before I bite, bitch.
Steve pulled back his hands, holding them up in that Do-No-Harm gesture. "Okay," he said softly. "Okay. Listen, we can help you, but only if you let us. Please, come with us, let us help you."
So they co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tim Drake & Jason Todd
Tim Drake & Avengers Team
Jason Todd & Avengers Team
Frank Castle & Claire Temple
Peter Parker & Jason Todd
Tim Drake & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Batboys in MCU
Interdimensional Travel
Big Brother Jason Todd
Frank Castle is a dad
night nurse - Freeform
Claire Temple is a Vigilante Whisperer
Witch Peter Parker

fandom: 
Tim Drake & Jason Todd
Tim Drake & Avengers Team
Jason Todd & Avengers Team
Frank Castle & Claire Temple
Peter Parker & Jason Todd
Tim Drake & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

