Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Running away to join the circus – Steve wasn’t so green that he didn’t realise the notion was romantic; a cliché. He also knew it was possible that no one would ever believe that his running away and the circus arriving in town on the very same day was merely a coincidence. In all honesty, he had run away from home without any other intention than leaving –to escape his father’s angry words and his mother’s sad eyes.But as he stood in the fairgrounds, head back and eyes squinted against the glare of the sun, watching as the Big Top was erected: he was in awe. He knew already, as he watched the flags atop the peak of the Big Top flutter wildly in the wind, that no-one would ever take the time to let him explain that he had only thought of the circus as a possibility once he’d stumbled off of the train and seen the posters in the station windows. “The show doesn’t start until tomorrow.” The voice wrenched Steve from his musing and he turned sharply to find a boy watching him with a careful, guarded look.The boy was dressed in strange attire. He wore a billowing shirt that Steve supposed had once been white, black leggings – the kind he’d seen girls wear under their Church dresses – which hugged his lithe legs to mid way down his calves and strange slipper-like shoes on his feet. The boy’s short brown hair was almost completely hidden by the large grey beret he also wore. The boy crossed his arms over his chest and Steve realised he’d been caught staring.“Pardon?”“The show.” the boy began, slowly, as though he was explaining a difficult concept to a child. “It doesn’t begin until tomorrow. After the parade.” “Oh. Um…” Steve paused to shift the weight of his suitcase from one hand to the other, swaying awkwardly under its weight. “Actually, I wanted to know if I could meet with whoever’s in charge.” The boy’s eyes widened slightly before he composed his expression into the cool appraisal he’d regarded Steve with moments before. He looked from Steve’s face, to his bulging suitcase and back again, calculating.  “Oh hell.” he muttered, under his breath. Then, louder: “Look kid, we don’t take on stragglers. Especially rubes who think running away to join the circus is some fantastical jour –”“Tony!” another voice interrupted. “I hope you being charitable towards our future customers.” Steve turned to find another man approaching them. He was taller than Steve - older too by the looks of it - and walked with an air of confidence that made Steve feel slightly intimidated. He pulled back his shoulders hastily, trying to make the best of his short stature. The taller man wore a battered longline leather jacket over a threadbare shirt. His dark pants were slightly looser than Tony’s but still clung to his frame and disappeared into the tops of his large black boots. His laces were undone. “He’s not a customer. He’s a runaway.” Tony told the taller man. “Another gilly that’s got romantic notions about joining the circus.” Steve felt his face flush and looked down, feeling foolish and already trying to think of where he’d go once they turned him away. Maybe coming to the big smoke had been a mistake. His father had always warned him about the inhospitality of the city. He’d been a fool to give into the temptation of seeing New York and waste his dwindling cash on the train fair. “Well.” the taller man said, thoughtfully. “I guess he’d better come see the boss man then.”Steve’s head snapped up, eyes wide. The taller man was smiling though his expression was a little too sharp to be kind.“Really?” Steve asked. “Sure, kid.”“Barnes–” Tony tried to cut in but the taller man waved a hand at him, silencing his objections. “It’s fine Tony. I’ll take him to see the boss man myself. You got a name, kid?”He was still wearing the same sharp smile and Steve had to swallow around the dryness in his throat before he could answer. “Steven.” he said. “Uh...Steve.”“Well, Steven-Uh-Steve. You’d best follow me.”Without further instruction, he turned and strode off towards the Big Top, whistling tunelessly. Steve looked to Tony for confirmation but the boy just scowled and adjusted his cap before starting off in the opposite direction. Steve watched the way Tony’s shirt billowed in his wake before remembering what he was supposed to be doing. He took off at a jog to catch up to the taller man.  Only moments late, when he looked back over his shoulder, Tony was nowhere to be seen. *The man did not make an effort to wait for Steve as they crossed the lot to where the train carriages were still being unloaded and Steve struggled to keep up with the taller boy’s pace, the weight of his suitcase and the weariness of his legs making him hobble awkwardly, trailing in the other man’s wake.The man greeted almost every second person they passed by and Steve began to feel light headed from the amount of times his head whipped around to stare at something new.  “Hey Barnes, who’s the kid?” a voice called and Steve’s gaze locked
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Circus
Slow Burn
Discussion of non-con (not Steve/ Bucky)
Underage (Steve is 17/ not Steve/Bucky)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

