Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 February 20, 2017 
 @iamironmanTony Stark ✓You know who I am.5 posts 77.2M followers 15 following Tony Stark ✓ @TonyStarkYou know who I am.Links: @StarkIndustries @TheAvengersOfficial 304 tweets 14 following 43.9M followers He found Peter’s accounts at nearly 3 AM one night, after looking up from his project to his phone (ignoring the many texts from Pepper about his meetings tomorrow — well, today) and deciding to scroll through it.  @peterparkourPeter ParkerDo or do not. There is no try. 13 posts 93 followers 122 following Beter @peterwithabTHERE’S A BEE???227 tweets 117 following 47 followers Peter’s accounts had been suggested by F.R.I.D.A.Y. Almost everything on his Twitter was about the Avengers or something nerdy about Star Wars or the like. His Instagram was completely comprised of high-rise photos of New York City (probably taken as Spider-Man, he had to talk to the kid about being more careful), an odd science project or two, and one grainy selfie of him and two other people — Tony vaguely recognized them as Ned and MJ — with headsets on and video game controllers in their hands. MJ was giving the camera a death glare, Ned looked stressed, and Peter was giving a thumbs-up, his face half-cropped out of view. The caption read,  don’t beat mj at mario kart or it’ll be the last thing you ever do. Tony had met Ned and MJ once, and he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t just a bit terrified of MJ. Her gaze was just as leveling, as stony, as Pepper’s. But he was more scared of Aunt Hottie, who had become a terror after finding out that Peter was Spider-Man. She’d been thorough in creating rules surrounding patrol and Avengers-level activities (not that she needed to, seeing as to how Peter had actually refused the offer to become an Avenger), and also threatened him more than he thought a woman like her could with a man like him. Well, at least she’d suggested Peter actually take up an internship at Stark Industries — which, after the whole debacle back in September with Peter crashing his plane to prevent the Vulture from getting Avengers gear, he’d decided would be staying in Stark Tower for now — to make a more credible cover story. Peter had officially met the other interns, who had been both jealous and impressed that a high school kid was helping design and invent for Stark Industries. As far as they all knew, Peter had gotten the internship through a school science fair competition and worked on biochemical experiments, including advancing Spider-Man’s silk and webs. If any of the other interns wanted to pry, or thought something looked suspicious, none of them said anything. (Plus, it wasn’t like they could say anything, with all the non-disclosure agreements they had to sign to work at SI anyway.)Tony clicked back from the post of Peter, Ned and MJ, vaguely wondering if the kid would be up for making a Spider-Man social media. Not thinking much of it — especially given that he was running on zero sleep in the last perhaps forty hours — he followed Peter’s Twitter and Instagram. Tony looked at his watch, eyebrows raising to his hairline when he realized it was just past three in the morning, and stumbled off to bed. ---

 Peter had gone to sleep without turning his ringer off. He slept fine until 3:02 AM, when his phone buzzed in the pattern Peter recognized as pertaining to his Instagram. He ignored it, but less than half a minute later, it buzzed again, this time in the pattern for his Twitter. Peter lifted his head groggily and looked at his phone, the screen blurring until his eyes focused.  Instagram@iamironman has followed you Twitter@TonyStark has followed you Peter, unsurprised that it was so early, set his phone back down on the bedside table and went back to sleep.His ringer went off again, buzzing repeatedly, at just past 3:05 AM, but Peter just reached a hand over and switched off the ringer.  --- The next morning, Peter woke up with a headache. As soon as he’d opened his eyes, he wanted to close them again. His head was pounding — he could hear May already shuffling in the kitchen, feel the fabric of his sheets too sharply. So it was going to be one of  those days — the days where his enhanced senses were dialed to 12 rather than 11, the days that ended with him wishing that damn spider had never bitten him. Trying to ignore the thrum of his blood in his ears, Peter leaned over and picked up his phone. He almost forgot about his senses when he saw the influx of sudden notifications on his phone. He opened Instagram.  @peterparkourPeter ParkerDo or do not. There is no try. 13 posts 54K followers 122 following He opened Twitter, only to find a similar sight. Peter was absolutely baffled as to why he was suddenly so popular. An idea popped in his head, horrifying.  What if someone had found out he was Spider-Man? Then he remembered waking up at an ungodly hour last night to see that Mr. Star
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Spider-Man (fake)

freeform: 
Internet Famous
Twitter
Inspired by Twitter
not actually a twitter fic
Instagram
peter breaks the internet
This Is Not Going To Go The Way You Think
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man - Freeform
Secret Identity
Irondad
spiderson
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Sensory Overload
i'll add more when i think of it
this fic is on crack
Canon Compliant
Sort Of
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Angst
Peter Parker-centric
the media is crazy
I mean
really crazy
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Not really though
Bisexual Peter Parker
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe
kind of
Social Media
Michelle Jones is a Little Shit
MJ Knows about Spider-Man
and peter knows she knows
Twitter Fic
Harley Keener - Freeform
Plenty of Harley
But Not That Much Yet
Peter Parker/Spider-Man - Freeform
Peter convinces the internet he's dating Spidey
SpideyParker
Peter's dating himself
whoops
Prelude to a massive story
get ready
Coming Out
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Character
Trans Character

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Spider-Man (fake)

