Work Text:
“Hey Stevie,” Bucky murmured thoughtfully one morning as they were lying in bed, lazy and post orgasmic. “Yeah?” Steve asked, running his fingers lightly through Bucky’s hair and massaging his scalp. “We should get Darcy in bed with us.”Steve’s fingers stilled as he craned his neck to look down at the man lying practically on top of him. “Really?”“I dunno, I was just thinking about before all of this future shit happened and I mean I love you to death Steve, but damn do I miss pussy.” Steve laughed, a full-bodied laugh that made him curl up and pushed Bucky off his chest. When he had calmed down he noticed Bucky’s put-out pout and Steve kissed him swiftly. “I think it’s a great idea, Buck. Why Darcy, though?”Bucky gaped at him. “Are you serious? Are you blind? Have you seen her tits? She’s a lovely girl as well, smart and everything, but she’s a dime and don’t you deny it.”Steve nodded. “Fair enough. So are you gonna ask her?” “I’ve got a better idea.” ***In the end it was easier to get Darcy alone than either of them had expected. All Bucky had to do was make a few jokes about the decline in quality of modern movies one night to get Darcy to snap at him about his out-of-date tastes and drag him off to the media room where she sat him down and started playing Beetlejuice, which she assured him was both hilarious and a classic. “Mind if I call Steve down here?” Bucky drawled as she was fiddling with the Blu-Ray player. “I wouldn’t want him to miss out on this clearly important education in pop culture. “Yeah sure,” she muttered distractedly. God, why did Tony’s electronics have to be so complicated? Minutes later Steve walked in and settled beside Bucky, close but not quite touching. Before Darcy could turn around, Bucky frantically and silently pushed Steve away from him enough to create a space in the center of the couch just slightly too small to fit Darcy, but making sure there was no room for her to sit on either end of the couch. She frowned lightly at him when she turned around to see them taking up almost the entire couch. “Scootch, Barnes,” she ordered, waving a hand at him. Bucky smirked and stretched languidly before moving an inch or two towards the edge of the couch. Darcy set her jaw and sat down resolutely in between them, her thighs touching each of theirs. “So this is one of those cult movies, like Rocky Horror Picture Show,” Darcy explained as she quickly flipped past the commercials to start the film. Steve nodded in understanding. He had seen Rocky Horror Picture Show last Halloween and had just narrowly escaped being forced into a pair of tight gold briefs. “It’s kinda cheesy,” she continued, “But I don’t really think either of you are special effects connoisseurs.” They watched in relative silence for a while, Darcy interjecting occasionally with facts about the actors or how the movie was made. Bucky leaned back into the couch and shot a look over at Steve who he could tell was looking at Darcy out of the corner of his eye. “I’m hungry,” Bucky complained, looking at Steve. “Steve, go make popcorn.”Steve rolled his eyes, but stood dutifully to make popcorn in the small attached kitchenette. As soon as he stood, Darcy shifted away from Bucky to take Steve’s spot on the couch. When he returned with a bowl full of popcorn, he stopped and frowned at Darcy. “You’re in my spot, Darce,” Steve told her. She looked up at him and grinned. “Barnes’s ass was in my space.” “My what?” Bucky demanded. “Your ass. I felt like I was sitting on both your laps at once, but not really getting the benefits of sitting on someone’s lap, y’know?” Bucky grinned. “D’you wanna sit on my lap, darlin’?” Darcy laughed, a touch higher and more nervous than usual as she looked from Bucky to Steve then back to Bucky. Bucky was smirking at her. Never one to back down from a challenge, Darcy set her jaw. “Maybe I will,” she challenged, crossing her arms. She crawled down the sort length of the couch to drape herself over Bucky. She turned so that her feet stayed in Steve’s spot, however, so when he sat down she laid them across his lap. Darcy snatched the bowl of popcorn out of Steve’s hands and placed it in her own lap. Bucky and Darcy each could reach easily, but Steve had to move closer so that his hip and thigh were flush with Bucky’s to eat any popcorn. Bucky smoothly wrapped his bionic arm around Darcy’s waist to steady and support her, and she leaned forward against his chest. She felt so warm and protected that she eventually tucked her head down and Bucky rested his chin atop it. Steve’s hands were also on top of her legs, rubbing along them lightly and tracing circles and designs with his fingers. Darcy took a moment to be thankful she had shaved that morning.Bucky had been shifting minutely throughout the entirety of the movie, so she didn’t think anything of it when he wrapped his human arm around her front to rest his hand at the small of her back. Then she felt fingers carding through her hair and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex
just so much sex
threeway sex
Spitroasting
Threesome - F/M/M
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
no anal
(this time)
Teasing
Kissing
Lots of kissing
so much hair pulling
i think all of my fics have hair pulling
Semi-Public Sex
Begging
i'm sure i'm forgetting things
Come Marking
sorta - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

