Chapter 1: the gay lifestyle
    




Chapter Text
Peter woke up Monday morning, feeling the absence of a body beside him. He waited for a few moments to allow his senses to adjust before sitting up. His ears tuned to the sound of a shower running next door. So that’s where his boyfriend was. He stretched and stood up, finding a pair of sweatpants to pull on. He wandered into the kitchen and pulled a bowl off of the shelf, absent-mindedly filling it with cereal. As he poured in the milk, he felt a warm, strong pair of arms slide around his torso, and a chin rest on his shoulder. An open-mouthed kiss pressed against his neck as Harley greeted his boyfriend. “Hi baby.” Peter yawned, turning around to kiss his boyfriend properly.“Gmorning, Sweetheart.” Harley replied in his Tennessee drawl. He was already dressed for the day, kitted in a tight, white t-shirt and black jeans. A Stark Industries lanyard hung around his neck completed the look. “Big day for you then, Pete? A whole overnight field trip to your house?” He laughed.Peter groaned, burying his head into his boyfriend’s neck, before taking his cereal to the table.As Harley came to sit next to him, Peter looked at him with a serious glint in his eye.“Harles, can you please make sure nobody embarrasses me today? They can acknowledge they know me, and they’re close to me, and you can say you’re my boyfriend, I just don’t think I can take being in the spotlight all day.” He asked, "That is, until I'm comfortable."Harley smiled, taking Peter’s hand in his. “Of course, love, I’ll let the others know, I just want you to be happy and enjoy today.”After Peter had gotten himself ready and left for school, Harley gathered the Avengers in the common room.“I’m serious when I say that we can’t embarrass or humiliate Peter today,” The Avengers let out a collective groan, “Guys, this is important. Peter is a bubbling ball of anxiety at the best of times, and he asked me specifically to ask you guys, okay?” He said, sternly. They nodded as he continued, “If I hear Peter is upset or worried at all today, you’ll have angry, protective Harley to deal with, got it? He told me that when he's ready, he'll let you know.”Back at Peter’s school, his class was assembling outside the bus.“Way to be subtle about the internship, dude.” Ned laughed.“What?” Peter asked, confused.“Peter, did you actually look at what you put on this morning or did you just throw anything on?” MJ said.Peter shook his head and looked down at his clothes. He had on two matching shoes, so that was okay. He had on a pair of tight, black sweatpants, nothing new there, and a- oh. He was wearing his Stark Industries employee hoodie. Oh wait- better yet, he wasn’t even wearing his. Embroidered underneath the crest on the left breast was ‘H. Keener’. Peter groaned. If he was wearing his boyfriend’s hoodie, it meant it would also have ‘Stark Industries’ as well as ‘Harley Keener’ printed on the back. And that wasn’t even the worst of it. This was all exacerbated by the fact that the public knew Harley Keener. He’d been photographed with Mr Stark on many occasions, and after an official press release where Tony confirmed that, no Harley wasn’t his secret son, but, yes, he thought of him as a son, the world had become obsessed with a certain Tennessee boy. “So,” MJ cut in, “are we finally going to meet the boyfriend today?” she asked him.He nodded as he boarded the bus, “Harley is guiding the tour to make sure nobody overshares, and to keep an eye on a certain someone.” Peter replied, gesturing with his head to Flash, who had pushed to be on the bus firstSoon everyone was on, and the bus jolted into life, starting the forty-five-minute drive upstate to the tower. Peter put in his earphones and texted Harley.            To: Harley            did you ask x            From: Harley            Yep, all is okay, have just briefed all of the interns and tower staff too, you should be fully safe xxPeter allowed himself to relax, before texting Harley back.            To Harley:            thank you, baby, I really owe you. I love you <3 xx            From: Harley            I’d do anything for you, you know that xx            And, I love you too, so muchPeter smiled at his phone. Their relationship was common knowledge, and everyone loved them. Stark Industries had no room for any type of unacceptance, and especially as it was the month of June. During Pride Month, a large pride flag hung in the place of the usual American stars and stripes. The teen checked his watch. Ten minutes to go, and not one word from Flash yet. Almost immediately, as if he’d jinxed it, a scrunched-up piece of paper hit Peter’s chair. ‘I spoke too soon.’ Peter thought to himself.“So, Parker, where did you get that SI hoodie? Were you hoping it would make your internship look legit? You do realise it says Harley Keener on, right? As in, The Harley Keener? You’re a joke.” Flash snickered. Peter just sighed and ignored him. Flash eventually gave up and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Gay Harley Keener
Gay Peter Parker
Will add tags as I think of them
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Anxious Peter Parker
flash isn't too much of a bully
very boyfriends centric
Science Boyfriends

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

