Chapter 1: First Time
    




Chapter Text
The first time was the day he found him.It was 4:02am. He had dozed off on a couch half an hour earlier and was woken up by F.R.I.D.A.Y’s gentle voice informing him of a match to his desperate last-minute search. His brow furrowed in his half-sleep before his eyes popped open.‘Seriously?’He sat up far too quickly only to slump back down a second later.
Okay, lying down will do for now, Christ...
He watched the CCTV footage on a huge holographic screen F.R.I.D.A.Y immediately put up, and it wasn’t long before he was leaning forward on his right arm, brow still furrowed but not because of his sleep-deprived, alcoholic self anymore. He watched the videos in slow motion, paused them several times, and then watched them again four times at regular speed, mouth agape.‘New York.’It wasn't a question.‘Indeed, boss.’
What are the odds…
‘You sure it’s real?’‘Positive. All standard verifications for potential falsified footage have come out negative.’His expression didn’t change for a long moment. He just lay there, gawking at the screen. Eventually he let out a somewhat half amused, half incredulous ‘huh’. He couldn’t believe he’d found something —someone. And in New York of all places! Then again, when Tony Stark wanted something...Or someone…He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the mysterious swinging vigilante in the red and blue onesie, and kept staring at a still image of him for another minute. Yeah, from the look of it, it was a he. He couldn't feel his right arm when he sat up. He stretched, still staring.‘Okay’, he finally said, lifting both hands at how easy that seemingly impossible search for real back-up had been, before letting them flop back onto the couch. ‘Find him.’It would take F.R.I.D.A.Y around two minutes, he figured. He mentally chuckled. Oh yeah, spider-guy... you can keep your face away from CCTV all you want, but you can’t hide from me.Normally, he would have played a little game with himself in trying to guess the guy’s job, social background, age—hell, was he even human?—before the A.I. revealed everything, but he found himself silently waiting for it to do its job, gazing out the window at the full moon and the clouds slowly drifting over it. He tried not to think about the shit that was about to hit the fan with that whole Sokovia clusterfuck, about the look on that woman’s face and the picture of her son… about what she had said to him…About Pepper…He reached for the glass he had left on the elegant coffee table beside him, took another sip of his 50 year-old Scotch and tugged at his already loosened tie.‘Shit’ is all he had to say when the picture of a freaking teenager appeared on screen.He ran a tired hand along his sweaty face and let out a heavy sigh. His hand went up again to cover his eyes for a few more seconds before his arm dropped and his decision was made.‘Shit.'He stood up and walked over to the coffee machine.Back to selfish prick mode...  Ah, fuck it, it’s for the greater good.‘Tell me everything you have on him’.Fifteen.
Fuck. 
Lower middle-class.
Unsurprising given the shitty costume. 
Orphaned by the age of six.Tony’s head shot up from his cup of coffee. Plane crash. Damn.'...lives with his aunt in a 700-sqft apartment in Queens’, the AI went on, his exhausted brain only picking out the most interesting bits. ‘...money problems...'
Boring.
He went back to sipping his kopi luwak, barely listening now, or at least convincing himself he was.'...lost his uncle two years ago in an armed robbery.’That was a quick sip. First his parents, then the uncle who raised him?'...sophomore at Midtown Tech...'
Oh.
'...straight-A student...'
 Oh. 
Okay, so now he was really intrigued.‘…Math, Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Core Humanities, Spanish, as well as Academic Decathlon, Robotics Lab and Marching Band.’He turned his eyes towards the kid’s face again, only then truly looking at him. How the hell did that little dork in a marching band end up stopping speeding cars with his bare hands? Not to mention he’d literally been crushed between that car and the bus before jumping away completely unscathed... A shudder ran down his spine. Probably alien... A friendly neighborhood alien protecting common citizens in his spare time? Tony emptied his cup in one big gulp, his left hand suddenly a bit shaky. He couldn’t think straight.‘Tell me if he's human or not... if it turns out he is, find out what the hell happened to him, who did that to him, who might be behind his... abilities. Might be a teacher from that school.’ Midtown Tech was one of the best science and technology high schools in the country after all. He scoffed at his own hypothesis though, putting his now empty cup of coffee on the counter. ‘Oh and… find out how he’s doing all that’, he vaguely gestured at the screen. ‘Climbing walls, sticking to them, stopping cars and what not… and that thing he slings from; analyze the stuff. Send a drone out if necessary. I want its strength/density ra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Falling In Love
Guilt
Self-Hatred
Suicidal Thoughts
Pining
Stream of Consciousness
Canon Compliant
Until it’s not anymore
Bisexuality
Sexual Discovery
First Kiss
Grief/Mourning
Five Stages of Grief
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hurt/Comfort
Long-Term Relationship(s)
Daddy Issues
POV Alternating
Internal Monologue
Protective Peter Parker
Sarcasm
Humor
Angst and Humor
Psychological Drama
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Realistic
Science Bros
Science Fiction
Heavy Angst
Tony Angst
In Character
Canonical Character Death
Genius Tony Stark
Genius Peter Parker
Psychological Torture
Therapy
First Time
Awkward Romance
Awkward First Times
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Flashbacks
Philosophy
Banter
Chess
Existential Angst
Kidnapping
Parent Tony Stark
Domestic Tony Stark
Murder
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Mathematics
Artificial Intelligence
Young Tony Stark
Age Regression/De-Aging
Smoking

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

