Chapter 1: Island of Misfit Toys
    




Chapter Text
Prologue They’re in the common room, bloody and bruised, covered in dirt and dust. Tony’s making stupid jokes about the Hulk to Banner that are cracking Clint up. Natasha cracks open a few beers and hands one to Tony, then Clint. She flops onto the leather couch taking a satisfying sip of her own.Steve tosses his cowl on the coffee table and sits next to Natasha. She places her feet in his lap and hands over her beer.“Alright there, Rogers,” she asks.“Sore,” Steve replies, taking a satisfying swig of her Bud Light. “Jesus. That’s like water.”Natasha chuckles. “Ran out of the fancy German stuff. I’ll get some later.”J.A.R.V.I.S announces that Nick Fury and Maria Hill are in the elevator with strike team CO Barnes, requesting access.“I would love a congratulatory hug from Nick Fury,” Tony quips. “Access granted.”The elevator doors open and in walks the two of them and CO Barnes who looks just as battled as the rest of them.“Clean-up crew is handling the mess, and first responders are getting civilians to hospitals and setting up emergency medic centers for those they can’t,” Fury tells them.“So, the Izoites, they’re all gone? We got them all?”  Banner asks.“Far as we can tell.”“Well, then I say these beers are well-deserved. In fact, I think we should break out the fancy stuff. I got a bottle of Blue Label back there somewhere,” Tony mentions, nodding toward the bar. “Care for a nip, Fury? Swear I won’t tell anyone I saw you partaking in the Devil’s nectar.”They laugh. Even Steve.“Yeah, it’s real fucking funny,” Sgt. Barnes snaps, face stone-cold, tone sharp.And the room grows quiet...“You idiots didn’t save anything, so I have no clue as to why you’re celebrating.”Clint sits up. “Whoa, bud. I don’t know if you were there or not—”“I was.”“—but we did, in fact, save the day. There were googly-eyed aliens trying to take over the planet, and we stomped their asses into the ground. You heard Fury.”“Yeah, I was standing here when he patted your soft heads and said ‘job well done’.”“You’re out of line, Barnes,” Fury growls.“No. No, I don’t think so. Not after what I saw.”“And what is it you think you saw,” Steve asks, half curious, half irritated, because Steve knows his job. Knows it and does it well. It’s why not even two weeks out of the ice was he thrown into another war. Instead of Hydra Nazis, it was aliens that time. And this time. He’s a soldier, like Barnes. He either follows orders or he leads. And with the Avengers, he leads. For the last 2 days he’s led his team to victory against another attack.“A bunch of high-on-ego superheroes wreck more havoc around them than the damn invaders,” Barnes answers.“People get hurt when we do our jobs sometimes,” Tony chimes in. “We try to avoid that, but sometimes we can’t.”“That’s because you have no clue how to function as a unit.”Steve’s personally offended now. “Excuse me?”“I think that’s enough, Barnes,” Maria interrupts. “We only came up here for a short debriefing. Not to start a fight.”Steve hands Natasha her beer back. “No, I’d like to hear the rest of what CO Barnes has to say.”Barnes chuckles wryly. “’The greatest tactician of our lives’… Bullshit. All I saw was you running head-first into a bunch of lose-lose situations that would’ve gotten a sane man killed. The only reason you weren’t is because Natasha was too busy watching your six when she should’ve have been taking out the mothership.”“He’s my teammate. Мой друг,” Natasha tells him.“But those weren’t your orders! And because you didn’t follow them, too busy trying to rescue your suicidal friend, a fucking building fell on two of my guys and civilians were crushed under a pile of rubble! I trained you, Natasha. You know better.”Steve’s never seen her express anything more than slight amusement other than her usual stoicism. Therefore, the momentary glimmer of shame on her face is something he finds more than a little surprising. And also telling. If Natasha is feeling guilty, embarrassed by her actions, then maybe Barnes’ rant is a little more than deserved...Tony slams his beer down on the coffee table and gets to his feet. He’s still in his suit, singed and dirty. “Okay. Fury and Hill are right, that’s enough out of you, soldier boy.”“You’re the worst by the way. You've got a wife and kids, but there you were, showing off like it’s a goddamn air show. Clint got pinned behind a taxi and it took you 7 minutes to get to him; too preoccupied with picking off aliens for a high score to notice. And from what I understand, the reason these creatures even showed up here was because of you. The Izoites were here because of your obsessive, self-serving bullshit.”Steve can see Tony dying to be snarky, but he swallows it down because Barnes is right. Tony knowingly stole a piece of their tech, using it for his own curious purposes, and it seems the Izoites were offended enough to invade Earth to get it back.“I think your point has been made, my friend,” Thor 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter (past)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Matt Murdock (mentioned)
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Avengers Family
Angst and Feels
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Sharon is not Peggy Carter's niece
Kissing
Spy!Bucky Barnes
SHIELD is not HYDRA
Finger Sucking
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Hand Jobs
Nipple Licking
Face-Fucking
Face-Sitting
Rimming
Hair-pulling
Prostate Milking
Bath Sex
Pec-Fucking
Masturbation
69 (Sex Position)
Spit As Lube
Come as Lube
Rough Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Love Confessions
Claiming Bites
Dirty Talk
Crying orgasm
Marriage Proposal
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter (past)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Matt Murdock (mentioned)
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson (background)

