Chapter 1: chapter one, or, what the fuck, steve rogers?
    




Chapter Text
 





*

 chapter one, or, what the fuck, steve rogers? 

The problem, as the saying goes, is you shouldn’t fuck where you work. Who said that? Descartes? Voltaire? Rousseau or, whatever, fuck, he doesn’t know.Steve drags his zipper up and looks at himself in the bathroom mirror and feels something not so much like a stab of self-loathing, as an overwhelming, unmitigated deluge of the feeling. He has sex hair, which is bad, and he has pink-splotched sex skin, which is also bad, and he smells like sex too, which is just not very good, and the worst part is that he always tells himself he cannot do it again, and he will not do it again, but then here he is, with his pants around his ankles and Bucky Barnes with his knees pressed into the tiles and—Okay, so the real problem is that you shouldn’t fuck your arch-rival, political enemy, and the person you loathe the most in the world where you work. Or like, at least, you shouldn’t keep doing that.But okay, the thing that Descartes or whoever didn’t know was that Steve really tries, but Bucky Barnes has a mouth that should probably constitute an eighth sin or something.Jesus fucking Christ, Sam’s going to kill him.“That was faster than usual,” Bucky fucking Barnes smirks at him as he comes out of the stall they had just been—whatever against. “Eager, or you just have somewhere to be?”“Suck my dick, Barnes,” Steve says, running a wet hand through his hair to see if he can do something about—any of it.“Just did,” Barnes smirks again. He washes his hand, rinses out his mouth, and lingers too close to Steve, hand pressed hard into his hip as he passes. Steve tries not to actively flinch or like, lean into the touch. Should he report this? Is it sexual harassment when you just got sucked off by someone who may or may not suck you off on a semi-regular basis, even though you hate him? No wait, don’t answer that, Steve takes HR violations extremely seriously. Wait, what was he thinking about again?Bucky must see the endless self-loathing commentary scrolling through his head, because he leans closer and then the fucker kisses the back of Steve’s jaw. Like he has any place there, after the other place he just was.“See you at the fundraiser,” he says. And then smirks, “Oh wait, you weren’t invited.”Steve glares at Bucky as he leaves, contemplates five kinds of murder, but then he has to glare at himself in the mirror too because like, what the fuck, Steve Rogers?Jesus fucking Christ, Steve’s going to kill himself.

*
Here’s what happens.Steve is high off of a successful political campaign, the chief of staff to Sam Wilson, former underdog candidate, to wrest a somewhat swing district out of the grasps of an entrenched establishment Democrat who had held the seat for the past 30 years. The House of Representatives has no term limits, but after three or so odd decades of much of the same, people start to think hey, that handsome, funny, charismatic black man with the amazing progressive politics is really something to pay attention to.So Sam wins the election, much to the chagrin of half of the establishment and all of the Fox News, and he gets thrown into the 117th Congress and where Sam goes, Steve goes, so now he’s chief of staff to one of the Democratic Party’s biggest and mouthiest rising stars.It’s all pretty great, if he’s going to be honest. He doesn’t renew his lease on the overpriced two bedroom Brooklyn cement block he called an apartment for four years, says goodbye to his roommate and the old lady next door who always baked a loaf of cardamom bread for him on Sundays, tells his Ma he’ll call her at least once a week, loads all of his things into a UHaul, and follows his best friend to the political dream that is Washington D.C.He and Sam find a place in Adams Morgan and only briefly consider if there’s a conflict of interest for your chief of staff to also be the guy paying half the rent every month. They decide it’s a conflict of exactly nothing because as Sam says, “I’ve seen you butt naked after drinking too much, Rogers, you think I don’t know how to blackmail you into coughing up rent?”To which Steve says something to the effect of, “Pretty sure blackmail’s a federal offense, Representative,” and Sam punches his shoulder and says “Stop being a pain in my goddamned ass and sign the goddamned lease, you goddamned drama queen.”Steve gets called drama queen a lot by Sam, but that’s in between “idiot” and “moron” and “you absolute, goddamned white fool.”So anyway they move to D.C. and they share an apartment and Sam Wilson starts on Capitol Hill as Representative from New York-9.


Sam’s an instant hit, of course. He’s young and he’s handsome and he has enough charisma to single-handedly power a locomotive engine of anyone’s choosing. He’s also warm and intelligent and progressive, every sentence out of his mouth genuine and thoughtful. He’s the real fucking deal.Steve knows this. St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Politics
Not A Political Animals AU
Enemies to Lovers
Hate Sex
Politics
Humor
extremely gay and dramatic internal monologuing
Republicans Do Not Interact
enemies to dumbasses to lovers
Sam Wilson is the progressive politician we deserve
but he definitely does not have time for these two assholes
category 70 human disasters
gale force idiocy
the people's boner
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
American Politics
life liberty and the pursuit of dicks
Gym Sex
Office Sex
Bathroom Sex
Car Sex
Oral Sex
Frottage
Semi-Public Sex
Hand Jobs
Minor Kate Bishop/America Chavez
Slow Burn
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

