Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter knew better than to go into the evil super-villain lair alone. He really did, which is why he called Mr. Stark for backup, and agreed to wait for him 

and

 let him insist on going first because his suit could filter out any toxins and noxious gasses in the air. 

Which is why Peter was so confused, when he was finally allowed to go in and start helping to clear out the random evil-scientist doodads and gadgets, that Tony left a giant canister of something ominously evil-looking sitting in the middle of the room. Peter walked over but didn’t touch it, just circled the cylinder and tried to find some kind of label. 

When he didn’t see any markings other than a small window showing some kind of weird green gas inside, he stepped back carefully and raised his communicator to call for Mr. Stark. 

“Hey, Mr. Stark, can you hear me? I’m in here but I found this weird, uh, thing, and I don’t want to touch it. Could you come to my location?” Peter heard nothing but a crackle of static for a long moment. He’d never heard static from the communicators before, and he wasn’t sure what it meant. After a few seconds of waiting, he finally picked up something from the communicator. 

“-eter? Can yo- ….. -me? Get out, get out now!” Mr. Stark’s voice sounded a long way off, and Peter didn’t need to be told twice - he turned on his heel and ran for it, sprinting towards the door and trying to keep as straight a line as possible. Before he was halfway, though, he saw an ominous green mist swirling towards him, and then it rushed him, moving faster than anything he’d ever seen. He ducked, but the mist was too fast, and he couldn’t get away. The last thing he remembered was laying on the floor, watching the eddies of green swirl around him overhead. 

 
Peter woke up slowly, unsure of where he was or what he was doing there. There was - a fight? No, but, there was something. It didn’t smell like he was in the hospital, or the medical floors Tony kept at the tower for all the Avengers who got injured and didn’t want to face a regular hospital. 

“Peter?” His eyes fluttered and he got the image of a bright light before they closed again. “Peter, I need you to wake up for me, okay?” He couldn’t feel his body that well, just fuzzy outlines where his limbs should be, but then a pressure made him more aware of his hand. Someone held it. “Peter, I’m squeezing your fingers, you need to squeeze back, okay?”

He vaguely registered that the hand squeezed harder, and tried to push against the pressure but didn’t know how. He was slowly waking up though, and his body seemed more attached to him now than a few minutes ago. He tried again, feeling the pressure on his fingers and pushing back against it. 

“Good job Peter!” The voice was happy now, relieved, and Peter felt the ghost of a smile. He still didn’t have control over much, but it was coming in spurts and stops. “Okay, we’re gonna wake you up a little more now, is that okay?” Peter wasn’t sure why it wouldn’t be okay, but he couldn’t move enough to speak either way. He gave another weak squeeze to the hand in his, and got a stronger pressure back. 

He felt the fuzziness in his head recede a little, and then he was much more aware of his body, and how warm he was. It felt like he was burning, like he had a fever, and Peter decided he didn’t like the feeling 

at all

. He frowned, pulling his hand away from the hand holding it, not wanting the touch of the other person’s body heat, but as soon as he lost contact with them he felt much worse, like he’d dived into a fireplace burning merrily. 

The hand took his again and he cooled a little, not enough to feel okay but better than without it. He focused, trying to speak, and only got one word out. 

“Hurts.” The hand squeezed him again, and he squeezed back, grateful for that small comfort. 

The voice, when it came again, sounded - resigned? Or sad, maybe, but Peter didn’t want it to be sad. “I know it hurts, Peter, but we need you awake. We need you to wake up. It’s going to hurt for a while, I know that, but I’ll make it better. I promise.” Peter trusted that voice, he knew the person, and he nodded, whuffling softly. It would be okay, they said it would. 

When he came into full consciousness, it wasn’t like the soft drifting he had before. It felt like being shot out of a cannon, without anything between him and the explosives. 

He came awake with a shout, every synapse on fire. He wasn’t saying words, just screaming, and he scratched at himself, trying to claw his own skin off, convinced he was being burned alive. Hands came then, keeping him from tearing at himself, and he settled a little because the touches helped. The touched siphoned off some of the heat, helping him cool off momentarily.

“Peter, Peter, are you okay?” He shook his head, still so fuzzy with whatever meds they had him on and the pain that he couldn’t focus. 

“No, ‘s, it hurts, fuck it hurts, I’m burning, please-” He knew 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Carol Danvers/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Look this is totally indulgent
I just love slutty twinky Peter Parker
peter parker is a twink
Sex Pollen
Fuck Or Die
First Time
Restraints
Light BDSM

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Carol Danvers/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

