Work Text:
James Barnes was a smart guy. Had to be keeping little Stevie Rogers alive through the Depression right on the heels of the Prohibition era. Though even now, memories trickled back in little flashes that lit up the back of his eyeballs like a two-by-four or a stun grenade, he recognized the discomfited look on Steve’s face. The arrested gosh darn it, I’m just too polite to tell you to fuck off sir. But the Winter Soldier had no such compunctions and waded through the crowd, ignoring the pauses in discussions that demanded recompenses.“Steve.” Bucky said, crowding against him.“Bucky?”But now that he had Steve’s attention, he didn’t know what to do. There were no protocols for situations like these. And he didn’t think that Steve would appreciate blood on his tie, his suit or shiny shoes.He stood waiting for orders as the worried crease between the other man’s eyes grew deeper and deeper until finally, Steve excused himself and pulled Bucky away. “Whew thanks Buck.” He said once they were out of earshot. “Forgot how boring these parties could be.”Steve smiled at him and Bucky was charmed. And that became his precedent for interactions with Steve Rogers.1It wasn’t easy getting people to keep their hands to themselves. There were some touches Steve initiated, others he enjoyed and Bucky scrambled his brains trying to catalogue them all. The Avengers on the whole weren’t very touchy but they were allowed. Sam Wilson seemed to be fond of building friendly rapport by slapping people on the backs. Senators and their greasy mitts were constantly seeking Steve though Steve didn’t like it—Steve didn’t like touching very many people.The easiest solution was not to let anyone touch him. Had he been like that? Before? When they were young, before Steve got the body to match his hard head and stubborn heart, nobody wanted to touch him. Thought asthma was a catching thing. Stupid—something muttered deep inside of him and he wholeheartedly agreed.When a dame laid her sticky fingers on his arms, it wasn’t because Steve was a good kid. It was because she’d heard guys talk and she saw him now, a six-foot goliath who looked like he should be in Hollywood and she’d never seen David so Bucky felt sick and out of sorts instead of proud that Stevie got himself a date.The list in his head checked friends were okay. Strangers were not. Where did he fit in?He set the thought aside. It was hard enough keeping everything else straight.“Steve.” Bucky said. This time he came prepared. The woman standing next to Steve glanced at him and looked away just as quick, cooing that she wanted to get a bit of air. Distracted, Steve turned and asked “What’s wrong?”He broke the glass in his hand.It didn’t hurt but it was messy and Steve’s eyes went round when he saw the blood and the glitter of champagne glass scatter across the floor. The blonde number next to him recoiled in horror, a tiny shriek rattling past her lips.Wilson reached them first, “What’s going on?” but Bucky already had the situation well in hand.Steve ended up calling the ambulance anyway and they spend the rest of the night picking fragments from his hands.“If you wanted to go home, you could have just said so Bucky.” Steve said weakly as the doctor gave him a clean bill of health. He snatched his hand back as quickly as he could. His skin crawled where the paramedic had poked it with tweezers and poured peroxide over the cuts. “You didn’t have to do that.”“You’re upset.”“Just...” Steve breathed through his teeth. “Don’t do that again.” 2Self-harm was unacceptable.It was a good thing they both had accelerated healing but Steve was an idiot. There was no fight too big or too small for him. He just had to poke his nose into everyone’s business. And while the soldier in him could turn a blind eye when Steve lectured a pack of children from bullying another, settling an argument between a cyclist and a cabdriver, there were the occasional idiots who hadn’t figured out that America’s favorite son was a busybody.“Stick em up!!” a punk in a ski mask shouted. “Gimme your wallets!”“Now,” Steve said calmly, raising his hands. He shot Bucky a look, warning him not to move. “I’m sure we can work something out...”“Shut up!”Rolling his eyes, Steve held still as the kid began to search his pockets.Bucky moved.“Oh my god Bucky, you can’t hurt civilians!” Steve yelped by the time Bucky pinned the squirmy, pimply teenager on the ground.He raised an eyebrow. “He’s not hurt.”The punk violently disagreed.“He’s bleeding!”Bucky stared dubiously down at their would-be mugger.“Look,” Steve apologized, kneeling next to him. “I’m really, really sorry about this.”“Let me go!”Steve wasn’t very happy when he fed the kid his own ski mask.3Steve assembled Romanoff and Barton and failed to check in for twenty-four hours. In retaliation, Bucky kidnapped Wilson from bed—“let me get my pants, Jesus.”—and decided to break into whatever enemy stronghold that was holding him and the other two.Wilson opined t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
5+1 Things
Protectiveness
Possessive Behavior
Slow Build
Friendship/Love
Protective!Bucky
BAMF Bucky
Domestic Fluff
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Friends to Lovers
Not while Bucky's watching kids

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

