Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I don’t do kids,”  Wade said, flicking the golden card across the table at his potential client.[Except for Hitler.]	Wade held up a finger in addendum. “Except for that one time with Hitler.” Honestly, Weasel should have known better booking this job.	Osborn’s brow wrinkled in confusion and Wade waved him off. “You wouldn’t know him. Real piece of work that one, and even then I had to get my pal Cable to help me out. In fact, maybe I should give you his number. Because, point is: No. Kids.”	“He’s not a kid,” Osborn said, and whoa, buddy, the scorn in his voice was staggering. Like literally. Wade had to take a step back. Clearly there were some issues between him and this Peter Parker guy that ran deep. 	Osborn pasted a tight, insincere smile on his face. Between his pallor and the contrast to his fever-bright, pale blue eyes, it was an effectively creepy look. “If money is the issue, let me assure you that it’s not. I will pay whatever price you name. And if it’s some sort of moral quandary…” Here, he arched his brow and looked Wade up and down in a sort of way that probably should have been offensive, like there was no conceivable way Wade had any morals to begin with.	[[Clearly the man has done his due diligence.]]	“Then let me put those doubts to rest.” Osborn’s gaze shifted to a framed photo on his desk, the subject of which Wade couldn’t see from his position. His hand twitched, and he laid his other overtop of it, pressing it flat with enough force to turn the skin white. “You may know my father passed away a couple years ago. He spent decades searching for a cure, and the closest he ever came was through the research of one of his employees by the name of Doctor Richard Parker.”	Wade made a show of stifling a yawn. He was going to have to have a talk with Weasel about researching the boring backstory before passing a job onto him. “If you could get to a point, that’d be greaaaaat.”	“For whatever reason, rather than turning over his research, Doctor Parker took all his knowledge with him to his grave. At least, as far as my father knew. It wasn’t until last year that Peter found his father’s notes and finished his work. Now, I’m beginning to show the same symptoms as my father. It turns out this whole time, Peter’s blood held the key to my cure, and despite our friendship, despite my offers of financial remuneration, he refuses to help.”	“Yeah, okay, sure that’s all there is to it.” Osborn couldn’t see Wade’s eyes rolling, but he probably could have guessed anyway, from his tone of voice. “But fuck it. I can shake him up a little bit, put the fear of the Desert Eagle in ‘em.” Wade patted his holster. “Get him to give it up.”	Osborn’s eyes lit up with something more than gratitude. Sharper and meaner, that probably should have given Wade a moment’s pause, but after all, he was writing his own check here. “I just need you to bring him to me.”	“And I just need 50 mil in my bank account up front, and another 150 upon completion.”	“Consider it done. There is no price tag too high for the cure.”*	True to his word, Osborn had the money in Wade’s bank account within the hour, with an extra fifty “to show my appreciation.”	[Holy shit, just like that.]	[[You fucking blew that one. Coulda asked triple.]]	[Think of all the IKEA you could get with that!]	Al was going to love it.	It was an obscene amount to ask for a job as simple as this one. A fucking college student. He’d honestly thrown the number out there expecting Osborne to bargain him down, but he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Still, Wade was gonna do his own research and recon. He’d learned the hard way, after one too many jobs for AIM, and Colossus’ unerringly disappointed face, not to simply trust what the client told you.	Peter Parker, born and bred New Yorker, had been raised by his aunt and uncle in Queens from the age of six, when his parents mysteriously disappeared into thin air, presumed dead. Top marks at Midtown High where he’d participated in a plethora of afterschool activities, securing the Stark Prize for Scholastic Excellence, and a full ride to Empire State University. Parker was the very picture of a stereotypical, nerdy, biochem major. Neatly combed hair, narrow frame swimming in a baggy sweater over a button down that seemed to hide a bit of pudge around the middle. He wore some truly ridiculous glasses, and his eyes barely strayed from the ubiquitous phone in his hand, earbuds firmly shoved in his ears. As far as targets went, this one was pretty damn vanilla.The kid certainly had a lot on his plate, from a full course of classes, to an internship with Stark Industries, and a part-time job with the Daily Bugle. It was exhausting to even think about. Today, however, he was free from all three, and on his way to the Museum of Natural History.[[What a fucking nerd.]]“Hey, the museum is rad,” Wade protested, because it totally was. And not just because he had visions of stradling that blue wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
of a sort
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Slow Burn
what do you call jealousy of your alter ego?
First Kiss
Making Out
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

