Chapter 1: Prologue & Chapter I
    




Chapter Text
PrologueItaly, 1943.Lucy looked up into the mirror the moment she heard that the were floorboards strain under somebody's weight. The house was old and rather rickety, and with every step, the old wood groaned with its withering age.Her deep hazel eyes shot up to make eye contact with the handsome man who had stilled at the doorway. She had left the door open enough through a crack on purpose, hoping more than anything in the entire world he would walk by. Her heart raced in anticipation, and she felt her chest rising and falling upon sensing his body outside the room.When their eyes met, her heart damn near stopped. Her large doe eyes were greeted with his steel blue ones, and she swallowed a lump forming in her throat as her heart rate sped up. She felt a shiver run down her spine as his unsettling stare fell upon her. The familiar ache that she had been feeling for weeks now every time he looked at her like that had returned, and this time with an insatiable need.They had been taking cover in the old house for the night. After a gruelling day of fighting, the remaining team had found refuge in an abandoned town. Their previous residents evacuated due to the war, and several houses were empty. After completing a mission and waiting for a rendezvous, they had all stopped to rest and find a safe place to sleep.They had found a rather comfortable looking home, just on the edge of town which provided them with a good view of their surroundings. They would rest there for the night and continue in the morning. Being the only woman, Lucy had gotten her own room. She was thankful for it, as that meant she had gotten her own bed, as well as privacy.There had also been a bath, which upon the sight of it had made her stomach clench with excitement and a smile to form on her face. The prospect of getting clean after being covered in dirt, grime, and blood from a day of fighting was just too appealing.The previous owners had left in a rush clearly, and the moment Lucy found herself alone she had stripped herself of her uniform, and poured soaps and scents that they had left into the water spilling in the basin. She had stripped bare, not minding the chilly wind, and sunk into the water the moment it was filled to her satisfaction.She revelled in the warmth and tossed her hair back into it to wash it clean. Lucy felt rather bad for the other soldiers, as they had to wash outside with small basins of cold water being poured onto their heads. At that moment, she could only enjoy herself though. She cleaned herself and closed her eyes only for her thoughts to drift towards a certain soldier.After she had finished her bath, the soldier that her thoughts kept drifting to was standing in her doorway, looking at her in the mirror. Once again, her heart pounded and her palms became sweaty.She sat at the vanity and her hand stilled as they were brushing her long, dark brown hair. Freezing while under his gaze, Lucy's breath hitched as he leaned himself against the doorframe after he had opened the door wide enough to see her.His hands were casually placed in his pockets, and a small smile rested on his face as he watched her curiously.Lucy felt her stomach drop and suddenly felt as though she would tremble under the gaze of the man whom she had deep, inequitable, and no longer deniable, feelings for.Bucky Barnes stood there, looking at her with a gaze which made her feel as though she were the most beautiful woman in the world.Her hands stilled and then put the heavy brush down onto the vanity as their gaze remained locked. She placed the brush carefully down and then turned around from the mirror to look directly at him. With a flirtatious grin, she asked accusingly, "Didn't your mother ever teach you it's rude to stare at a lady?"A large smile formed on his lips as a blush rose to his cheeks, he smirked as he looked down with embarrassment. Lucy felt pride well in her chest as she thought of how nervous she made him. She had made the most charming man she had ever met, of whom had more sex appeal than any other person she had known, blush and become flustered.Bucky cleared his throat and then crossed his arms across his broad chest and looked up at her, "Sorry, I uhh—" He scratched the back of his neck uncomfortably as he stepped forward into the room, "I didn't mean to spy. It's just that umm, I walked by and I uh, I saw you…" she stood up from the chair at that moment, rising slowly as his mouth dropped open ever so slightly.Upon arriving at the house, they found the family who deserted it left many of their belongings. As Lucy and the rest of the Howling Commandos searched for anything useful, Dum Dum Dugan, someone she now considered a close friend, pulled her aside.He kindly explained that in the master suite's closet there were dresses that were still hung up and that she should take a look at them if she wished. Having not worn one for a very long time, and missing h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OC

freeform: 
Captain America: The First Avenger
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Archaeology
Inspired by Indiana Jones
Inspired by The Mummy
Action/Adventure
Badass OFC
Period Typical Attitudes
Blood and Gore
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Eventual Sexual Content
World War II
Howling Commandos - Freeform
Implied Sexual Content
Fluff and Romance
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Awkward Romance
Smut
Undercover Missions
loss of a child
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
WWII Drama
Dirty Talking Bucky Barnes
sooooo much fluff
Semi-Public Sex
intense sexual tension
Spy Missions
Friends to Lovers
honeymooning
Slow Build
Overuse of pet names
Vaginal Fingering
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Medical Experimentation
Attempted Sexual Assault
Graphic descriptions of violence
War descriptions
Canon-Typical Violence
Miscarriage
Art History Stuff
anti-Semitism
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Suicide
Angst with a Happy Ending
dark themes
Masturbation
Shower Sex
Ancient curses
Feminist Themes
Implied/Referenced Torture
Nazi Germany

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OC

