Work Text:

Don’t know much about history

Don’t know much biology

Don’t know much about a science book

Don’t know much about the French I took

But I do know that I love you

And I know that if you love me, too

What a wonderful world this would be
—‘Wonderful World’ by Sam Cooke…Steve was supposed to be done with group projects.Like, seriously. How many painful hours did he spend in high school getting picked last and doing all the work for a bunch of good-for-nothing assholes who’d spit on him during lunch while calling him names? Xavier College was supposed to consist of two things: studying what he wanted and no group projects. (Well, maybe there was more than that to college, but that was what Steve had hoped college would be at the very least.)But because fate is cruel to little Steve Rogers, Professor Schmidt walks up to his podium during the third week of class and announces: “You vill be working witz partners for your next assignment.” He glares from one side of the small lecture hall to the other. “Of my choosing. Do not allow yourself to hope that zis partner is someone who you sit near or iz your friend. I haf been watching all of you for several weeks now; I know who you do and do not talk to.” His gaze falls to the row of fraternity brothers who sit in the back, who oftentimes spend the period poking each other and giggling, rolling their eyes when Schmidt says something that can be misconstrued as racist. Which, in Introduction to American Literature, is pretty often. “You vill read a short story off of a pre-determined list zat is sitting by ze door. You and your partner will write a short paper on it togezer. The instructions are on the handout zat you vill pick up.”Steve’s stomach is suddenly all over the place, coupled with a bit of lightheadedness. It isn’t like he would’ve had many choices—okay, well any choices—if Schmidt had let them choose their own partners, but the thought of being shackled to one of the guys in the back row is enough to make Steve want to run out of the room, force himself into the Registrar’s Office and demand to be taken out of the class. Guys like that see Steve, with his half-shaved head, piercings and all-black wardrobe and they don’t see their equal. They see their lunch. Or at least their ticket to a solid C in this class, boosted by the work Steve does on the project. Either way, Steve thought he’d have left this crap behind in Brooklyn. Turns out he’s wrong.“I vill call out your last name, along with another student’s. You two vill work togezer on the assignment, which is due at the beginning of class on Friday. I vill accept no excuses, nor any late work. Vhen I say your names, you and your partner vill silently leave the room, picking up a handout on the way out ze door. Are zere any questions?” He pauses, but the room is silent. No more silent than usual, however: most of the students in this class learned early on that speaking up is a surefire way to get yelled at by Schmidt, his face getting redder and redder as he screamed, earning him the nickname Red Skull. Schmidt nods once, satisfied, and grabs a sheet from the podium. He clears his throat once and squints just a bit before announcing the first partnership: “Barton and Dugan.”The somewhat friendly stoner who sits next to Steve grabs his backpack and stands up, as does the most boisterous guy who sits in back, the one with the mustache and stupid nickname. Steve lets himself hope that maybe Schmidt picked partners based on their academic seriousness—that’d explain the first pairing, at least. And maybe then Schmidt will have paired Steve up with Peggy Carter, the brunette who sits in front of him, whose answers are so convincing and concise that not even Schmidt can find a reason to be angry with her. Steve also doesn’t mind her impeccable style and British accent or the small, satisfied smile that she makes when she knows she does something right, but those are for reasons that aren’t necessarily academic. “Carter,” Schmidt calls and Steve straightens up, hoping that it’ll be him. Praying that’ll it be him. “And Romanoff.” The redheaded girl who sits next to Clint Barton stands with a catlike grace, nods to Peggy Carter and they head out of the room. Steve deflates. His life’s turning into a cosmic joke. Schmidt calls a few other pairs and the room starts emptying out. Steve wonders if maybe there’s an odd number of students and if Schmidt will let him work alone. That would be a blessed relief. Of course, it’s that moment that Schmidt announces: “Rogers and Barnes.”Steve’s stomach drops. None of the few people left in front of him stand, which means it must be someone in the last two rows. Steve doesn’t want to look, but he physically forces himself and… It’s one of the frat guys. The last one, actually, packing a notebook into his bag as he stands up, glancing down at Steve expectantly. Steve notices Schmidt watching him with something like amusement on his face, and it’s only because the g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
College
University
College AU
University AU
Alternate Universe
Frat Boy!Bucky
Punk!Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
The Howling Commandos As A Frat Is One Of My Finer Ideas
Bucky Barnes Played Football In High School
And All The Buildings On This Campus Are Named After X-Men Characters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

