Work Text:
“Dad?”Peter’s voice dragged Tony back from the outer edges of sleep. His cock slid out from between Peter’s lips, landing with a soft wet smack on his stomach.“Mmh,” he said eloquently.“Dad.” Peter’s voice inched a little too close to whining territory, attitude only exacerbated as he ran his tongue impatiently from base to tip. Tony’s knee twitched, and as his body shifted a wave of Alpha hormones flooded his senses. He blinked sluggishly. He was used to marinating in his own scent, but that didn't make it any more pleasant.“Mmh,” he said again.“I wanted to ask,” Peter mumbled, shy now that he had his father’s attention. Tony waited, but Peter’s confidence needed a boost.Tony reached down and tapped his wet cock against Peter’s cheek. Peter obediently suckled the tip, drinking down the slick, translucent pre-seed that dripped steadily out. Tony bit his bottom lip, feeling the rush of endorphins as he came, painting the back of Peter’s tongue. Peter gulped it down, pressing his tongue against the slit as if hoping he could stem the flow, but his little tongue was no match for an Alpha cock. He pulled off too early; a few spurts of cum landed on his chin and he wiped them away with the back of his hand.Tony opened his mouth, about to reprimand, but Peter ran him over before he could start.“I want you to breed me.”Tony’s mouth fell open. He stared for a few silent seconds, but all he got was a blank, determined stare. “You’re serious,” he realized. And he couldn’t help himself, he laughed. Peter’s face turned down in an instantaneous pout. “Baby,” Tony said quickly, “you haven’t presented yet.”“I know,” Peter said petulantly, “but.”Tony smiled. "We both know you're going to be an Omega," he said gently. "But you haven't had your first heat yet." Peter's eyes went suddenly wide. "You're sure I'll be..." He trailed off, looking down at his lap. Tony’s heart turned in his chest.“I didn’t realize you were worried about it,” he said honestly. “Sweetheart, of course you’re going to be an Omega. You love cleaning up around the house, don’t you? And don’t think I haven’t noticed you scenting the dirty laundry."“That doesn’t mean I’ll be an Omega,” Peter said under his breath. Tony smacked the head of his cock against Peter’s cheek, and he fell quiet.“You, sweet thing,” Tony said softly, “are going to flower into the prettiest Omega there is, I promise. Just give it a few years. And who knows? You’re not like other kids, your body doesn’t need that extra time to decide which way it’s going to swing. You might even have your first heat next year.”Peter stuck his bottom lip out, pout only getting worse. Tony ran his cockhead along the plush, wet rim, slowly painting it white as his seed oozed out of tip.“But I can’t breed you until then,” he said, trying to push a note of finality into his tone. Peter responded well to his voice, especially when he got a little bossy. He was made to obey, and he knew it deep down- even if sometimes he felt like whining. “Honey,” he added, “you can’t take an Alpha cock.”“I can, though,” Peter insisted, licking his lips and swallowing quickly. He was so hungry for it; he’d barely touched his dinner before heading to bed, knowing he’d get more than his fill through the night. It was the little things like that which made Tony so sure his boy was going to flower.“Kitten.” Peter ignored the petname, instead suckling on his head again. Tony couldn’t help it, he came for the umpteenth time that night, Peter’s throat working double-time to swallow down every last drop. But Tony regained his composure, speaking through slightly gritted teeth. “My knot would split you apart."Peter pulled off with a wet slurp. “So don’t knot me.”“You know I wouldn’t be able to stop myself.” Tony affectionately pushed his cock down Peter’s jawline. Peter opened his mouth to complain, but Tony had heard enough. He pushed his cock between Peter’s lips and tugged at Peter's hair until he was entirely sheathed down Peter’s throat, effectively quieting him in a way that made it clear this conversation was over. “Not until you present.”Peter gave a disappointed gurgle, but Tony paid it no mind.He sank back into sleep slowly but surely, with Peter’s throat swallowing endlessly around his cock. His knot swelled halfway up and then fell back down in a contented cycle, Peter’s nose barely pressing against it as it emptied its seed down his throat again and again.Tony’s hand drifted lazily down to Peter’s stomach, and he pretended that he could feel it swell under his fingertips as Peter drank him down, down, down.
The next morning, to his surprise, Tony woke alone.Tony's heart stuttered as he blinked blearily around the room; Peter was nowhere to be found. And then he registered the faint sound of the shower, and his worries subsided.It was still odd; Peter never showered without him, always insisting his father wash him front to back. Another sign he was going to be an Omega; he craved the scent of Tony’s Alpha ho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Fucked up ABO rules
Incest
Peter is Tony's Biological Son
Underage Sex
Age Difference
Peter is 13
Comeplay
Come Inflation
Come as Lube
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Knotting
Somnophilia
Weird Consent?
They definitely both want it tho
Because I'm the author and I say so

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

