Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Okay, Mr. Stark. You're going to find this is a little cold..." The technician squirted some of the gel onto Tony's stomach. He shivered accordingly and felt Bruce squeeze his hand. To his right, Thor shuffled closer and took Tony's other hand. Their presence helped a lot, especially because Steve and Bucky were away on a SHIELD mission right now and couldn't be here. He couldn't imagine going through this appointment alone. Even knowing that Natasha and Clint were waiting in the outer room made him feel a little more comfortable."Is that it?" Bruce asked, adjusting his glasses and leaning closer to the screen. "That's it," the technician said with a smile."I don't see anything," said Thor."Me either," Tony had to admit, squinting at the screen. All he could make out was a bunch of nebulous gray blobs. Then, suddenly, the technician shifted her hand and Tony could see it. His baby. He couldn't help a quiet gasp at the sight. "Sorry, it's hard to get the right angle sometimes," the technician said. "Everything looks good so far as I can see... Were you looking to find out the sex of your baby?"Thor and Bruce both looked at Tony, who bit his lip. He and Steve had had this conversation several times now. Steve didn't want to find out; he wanted the surprise in the delivery room. Tony was genuinely torn. Part of him wanted to know now so that he could plan accordingly, and part of him wanted to hold off and be surprised. The rest of their pack was mixed, with Bucky, Thor and Clint wanting to know and Natasha and Bruce preferring to wait. Ultimately, the decision was up to Tony. Steve had told him that last night during their phone call. "No," Tony said finally, and Thor groaned in disappointment."Okay, that's no problem. I'm not sure we'd be able to find out anyway. It looks like your baby is facing your back right now." The technician pursed her lips, slowly moving the scanner around Tony's belly. "If you do decide you'd like to know, the baby may shift by your next appointment.""Looks like your baby is going to be just as stubborn as you," Bruce said with a grin.Tony stuck his tongue out. "Just for that, I hope they pee on you first.""I'll print you off some pictures," the technician said, ignoring them. "Then I'll send the doctor in." She pressed a few buttons on her machine.While the pictures were being printed, Thor helped Tony to wipe the goop off his stomach. Tony sat up and pulled his shirt back down, then pressed his fingers against his stomach. It was still kind of weird to think he was pregnant. He'd given up on that dream a long time ago, especially once Afghanistan happened. Finding out that he was pregnant had been a complete shock, and it had taken him several weeks to wrap his brain around the idea. And then, out of pure curiosity, they'd had a paternity test done to see who the father was, and it had turned out to be Steve.That news had made Steve's life. None of them had ever seen Steve as happy as he was on the day that he found out he was the baby's biological father. What had followed was some of the best sex of Tony's life. The rest of the pack had left them alone at first to celebrate, but by the end of the day Tony had found himself extremely well fucked. The baby may have been his and Steve's, but it was definitely going to be raised by the whole pack. Tony was pretty sure that there would never be a baby who was more loved or cherished.It was just unfortunate that this SHIELD mission coincided with a SHIELD mission that only Captain America and the Winter Soldier could handle. Steve had been crushed. Tony had told him to go. Not having the pack alpha or the alpha's second was a little hard, but Tony would rather they leave now than have to go closer to when he was due - and with Hydra, what you didn't deal with now definitely turned into an inferno later. Because come hell or high water, Steve was going to be in the operating room when Tony delivered that baby. He had already made that perfectly clear.Their doctor came in then and gave Tony a quick check-up. She declared him and the baby to both  be perfectly healthy and moving along at a steady pace, which was a relief for Tony. Male omega pregnancies weren't exactly rare, but Tony was an older omega and it wasn't like he'd taken that great a care of his body in his youth. But the doctor seemed confident that everything was progressing the way it was supposed to be, and Bruce and JARVIS had been monitoring Tony's health daily. He and the baby were in the best hands possible."Truly, it is a wonder," Thor said as Tony climbed off the table. He smiled at Tony, and Tony grinned back. "I know. I can't wait to send the pictures to Steve. He's gonna freak out," Tony said gleefully, clutching the envelope to his chest. Thor chuckled. "I feel bad for any Hydra agents that get in our Captain's way once he gets those pictures. They won't know what hit them." He wrapped an arm around Tony's shoulders and escorted Tony 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta
Alpha/Alpha
Beta/Beta
Beta/Omega
Male Pregnancy
Mpreg
mpreg tony stark
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Alpha Thor
Beta Clint Barton
Beta Bruce Banner
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Natasha Romanov
Top Thor
Bottom Bruce Banner
Bottom Clint Barton
Pegging
Blow Jobs
Fingering
Anal Fingering
Cunnilingus
Rimming
note that any combination of the OT7 can show up here
OT7
tony stark as pack omega
steve rogers as pack alpha
bucky barnes as pack second
Pregnancy sex
Hand Jobs
Orgasms
Self-Lubrication
Dirty Talk
Omegaverse
Pack Family
Pack Dynamics
Pack Feels
Pack Bonding
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
sex and feels
Post-Avengers (2012)
No Infinity War
No Endgame
no civil war
no pain
angst-free zone
fun sexy times
Sex Toys

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

