Chapter 1: Female POV
    




Chapter Text




What happened?



 The clinking of metal against stone wakes you up. Your head throbs and you try to open your eyes, but the irritating light makes you close them again. You try to move, but you feel metal chains stopping you from it. You realize that you're chained to the wall, your body hanging forward.As your eyes finally adjust to the brightness, you look around the, still blurry, room, and your heart skips a beat. You're no longer in your bedroom, watching Netflix while cuddling up to your cat. You're... Well, you don't quite know where you exactly are, but you're pretty sure your bedroom wasn't decorated as a almost empty, white marble floor and walls room. And there definitely wasn't a man, who somehow looks oddly familiar, in your room either. Is he the one who abducted me? Wait, were I even abducted?As if the position you're in wouldn't be weird already, you notice the clothes the man is wearing. A leather-like coat, arm-plates that shine in the dim, orange lighting and old looking boots. His black hair goes to his shoulders and the deja-vu-like feeling hits you again, as if you've met him already. Before you even comprehend what you're saying, the word falls out of your mouth: “Loki.”It's Loki. The god of mischief, the villain of three Marvel movies and countless comics, but that can't be him. He's fiction. A character created by Marvel, based on Norse Mythology, yet there he is, a man, at least looking exactly like Loki. Probably some perverted fanboy. That sends a shiver down your spine and the seriousness of the situation crashes onto you, as you feel your chest tighten and panic overwhelm your thoughts. “Hey! Who are you? Why am I here?”, you hope your voice doesn't betray you, that he doesn't notice how scared you are, but the moment he turns around, fear changes into curiosity.It is him. Loki in flesh and blood. Or the actor who's portraying him, Tom Hiddleston. Either way, his looks definitely make you feel less afraid (which is probably sick, but hey, its Tom Hiddleston – you think).“ I am Loki. The, soon to be, ruler of Asgard and Midgard. As to why you're here, let's say, it's for my own amusement. I used to think Midgard didn't have anything of value,” with every word he says, he comes one step closer to you, “but I couldn't else but notice a kind of innocence and beauty in some of you. So every now and then I take someone, whom I can use.” The last words are only a brief whisper in your ear but your mouth goes dry at the thought.“Prove it,” you command (Wow, where did that confidence come from, all of a sudden.)He just smirks at that, barking a laugh as he casts off the clothes from your body in one swipe of his hand, leaving you in your black bra and panties.


You smile, happy at the thought that it is Loki, and because of a notable bulge that was pressing against the god's leather pants.


“Is this proof enough to you, human?”, he says, taking his cloak off, his shirt, and the rest of his armor (above the waist) soon following. 


His sweat covered muscles glisten in the orange light and even though a faint panicked voice at the back of your head tells you its wrong and you should not be here right now, you feel your panties get wet.


“There are billions of parallel universes, and in every single one of them, a copy of yourself exists, and has similar but different outcomes. For example, my 'copy' is this actor that plays, well, me. Yet in my universe I am Loki.” The way his voice drops when he's explaining it to you, makes you tremble and god how much you'd give to have a free hand so you could touch yourself.


Loki waves with his hand just like he did before, this time making his own pants disappear, leaving him in leather breaches, boots, his helm and with his scepter in hand.


“Will you behave,” it's more a command than a question but you know he expects an answer. You swallow hard, and nod. “Then let's have some fun, shall we.”


He starts to touch you with his hands. Your hip, your breast, your neck, sometimes for a few seconds and sometimes even shorter, teasing you, making you want him more. All the while he's staying silent, and the few times you manage to keep your eyes open you see the concentrated look on his face.


You feel your cheeks burn up and your nipples stiffen, as your mind is slowly overcome by arousal.
His hands come to a halt at your lower back, as he closes the gap between your bodies, shoving your hips together, his thigh thrusting against the inside of your thighs, and you're pretty sure if you wouldn't be hanging from a wall already you'd definitely collapse right then and there.
For a moment you think he wants to kiss you, you even want him to kiss you, but he moves his face right past yours, to sniff at your neck instead. You hear him drawing in some breaths, and breathing them out in slow, shaky pants. “You smell so good, baby girl." You gasp in response, shocked that Loki would even know such expressi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Thor
Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Reader
Thor/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader

freeform: 
Young
Bondage
Kidnapping
Forced
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Kissing
Licking
First Time
Multiple Orgasms
Barebacking
Orgy
Group Sex
Standing-Up Sex
Wall Sex
Teasing
reader - Freeform
Gay Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Thor
Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Reader
Thor/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader

