Chapter 1: Chapter 1 [Begin: Iron Man]
    




Chapter Text
“Come on, Pep. Please.” You remembered sitting in this exact cafe, in the exact same spot. Pepper sitting across from you, hands underneath her chin in the same way she had them now. Except she was doing the talking, leading into pleading, this time, and you were a million miles away.“I don’t know… I’m not really- I can’t just do that. I can’t just setup a meeting like that-”“You’re his personal assistant.” You had to make her see. “Just… slip it onto his docket. By the time he’s in the room with me, he won’t even know what hit him.” 

She scoffed. “He’ll know 
exactly
 what hit him, and then it’ll hit 
me
. -bite me in the ass, more like it. I need this job just as much as you think you need yours, you know.” 


Sitting back you let out a more dramatic than you meant sigh. She wasn’t going for it. And if she didn’t do you this one solid… you weren’t sure where you’d be sleeping come next month. This was the only thing you knew you could do. The only thing you’d set yourself up for. Maybe that saying about all the eggs in one basket was proving too true. 
“This wasn’t how it was supposed to be, was it?” Pepper caught you off guard in saying that. Something about that phrase…“What did you just say?” Your attention snapped back to the present.She laughed derisively with a shake of her head. “You two- I swear. It’s like I’m invisible. But that’s what I’m saying. You were made for this. For him.”You couldn’t help the grimace. “I get enough as it is now. I don’t know that I can handle what you do.” It was exactly what she’d been doing that had gotten her to where she was now.Begging you to take her job. You almost couldn’t believe it. Pepper never quit on anything unless it was severe. And Tony-… well, he was more than a handful. More than she could handle these days, it seemed.“Yeah, well… whether or not you do it, I’m handing in my resignation tomorrow morning. Preferably not while also telling another one of his one night stands to get out.”“Maybe you could get her to take your goodbye letter to him?” Only slyly offered, definitely more joking. And you felt at least a little better when she couldn’t hold back a little snort. But at the mere thought that that’s what he’d had her doing for the past few years, “It’s that bad, huh?”She drooped back in her seat. “Worse, if you can imagine. Every morning I’m on the maid’s end of cleaning up his bedroom, women included. And today- today one of them said something really… really...”You had the faintest idea, “True?”Her eyes rolled up and then closed. “Yeah. About this being the height of my potential. About being more his mother than his secretary. I might as well start wiping his ass while I’m at it.”“I’d heard he has a fancy toilet robot that does that for him.”“No that’s just what you tell people.”The laughter you shared in that moment was at least genuine. When the air slid back to silence, her hands came down atop yours.“Pep, please.” You were almost willing her to at this point, clutching her hands in yours. “I… oh- alright. But if I get fired, I’m living with you rent free for a year- two. At the minimum.” Successfully managing to persuade her to your cause. 
Now if only you could do the same to Tony Stark. 

The meeting got off to a rocky start the next morning. You could tell he was hung over and more than just a little annoyed at having to sit down with you. As you went to try and shake his hand he held his up. 
“Five minutes. That’s all I’m wasting on this. My time is very valuable. As Ms. Potts seems to have forgotten.” So you sat, and he crossed his arms. “Why should I hire you?” 
For all you’d rehearsed, words seemed to leave you. Stumbling, you said the only thing you could think, “You need me.” 


His grin almost got you believing he was on your side until the laugh came out of his mouth and the wave of his hand, “We’re done here. Nice meeting you.” Standing up he offered his hand for a shake, “Oh and just a little tip, next time try bringing a resume instead of a line 


I 


use when I’m shilling weapons. Not as effective on people who hear it every day.” He rounded the corner of his desk,
“Ms. Potts will see you out, and on her way back I’d suggest she also thinks about her position as assistant- not talent management.” 

So, that was it.
You blew it.
And got Pepper in trouble. 
All that fuss for nothing. 

No. No of course that wasn’t it. Whatever confidence you had you built like a tornado, propelling you to your feet in front of him. What else did you have to lose? 
“Tell me the top ten recent polls of American opinions in your involvement with the war in the middle east- and how that effects your bottom line?” 
For a moment, brief, it seemed Tony was stunned. His mouth opened but closed quickly and he shook his head with a few quick blinks of disbelief. “What?” 
“Tell me just five things you know about the burgeoning social web market and how to advertise effectively on it.” You let on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Romance
Cheese
Angst
it's a big ol thing ya'll
much sarcasticness
much snark
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader

