Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It happens sometimes.They’re leaning over to pick something up, the wind happens to tug their clothing away at the perfect angle, some desperate fan grabs at them, a former lover comes forward with a clandestinely taken photo. Some asshole pap manages to snap a lucky shot of the flavor-of-the-moment celebrity at just the right time.It used to be that such incidents were rare. It used to be the scandal of the decade when a celebrity’s soul mark got leaked. Now it’s tabloid fodder, and not even particularly interesting tabloid fodder at that.It’s such a fact of life now that every public relations manager worth their salt has the damage control protocols for navigating the aftermath of a mark leak memorized. The paps have refined sniffing out celebrity marks to such a perfect predatory degree that most B-list celebrities and above invest in patches that can’t be removed without a special solvent. Though, some celebrities straight up leak those photos on purpose as a publicity stunt to get their names back into the mainstream conversation.Still, it’s a shitty shitty thing to do to a person. It’s one in a long list of indignities public figures suffer, a reminder that people treat their privacy and bodily autonomy as inconveniences at best. Bucky never understood the cultural obsession with celebrity marks. Well, he could understand the fascination from an intellectual standpoint. It’s like winning the lottery. Statistically speaking, the chances of your soulmate being anyone remotely famous is slim to none. Hell, the chances of you even actually meeting your soulmate is dubious at best. But even the slightest probability that you could win, and win big, is enough to drive people to do crazy things.Bucky mostly just ignored it every time someone’s soul mark made the news. He even started blocking all mark-related keywords on his social media feed. And sure, that means he doesn’t ever see any mentions of Mark Wahlberg or Mark Zuckerberg, but if he’s being honest, that’s more of a pro than anything else. It’s a shame about Mark Hamill though. And if he does ever manage to hear about any celebrity soul mark leaks, he’s usually the last to know, which he’s more than fine with.But that also means there’s absolutely nothing preparing him for the moment he walks into Stark Tower and sees at least a dozen people loitering in the lobby with his soul mark proudly emblazoned on their skin.He really regrets not keeping up to date then. Because he would’ve loved to have time to brace himself for a sight like this. It hits him like a physical blow. He feels sick to the pit of his stomach, a bone-deep nausea. And it’s like all the air in his lungs got sucked out, leaving him gasping and wheezing. Every ounce of strength in him leeching out in a single dizzying moment until he’s almost certain he’s going to wind up on the ground. Yeah, Bucky knows what a panic attack feels like by now. It’s an old fucking friend at this point.But somehow, this one’s worse. Worse than the moment he looked up and saw a dark shadow pass over him as rubble fell from above. Worse than the first time he tried to walk and ended up falling over because he was eight pounds lighter on one side.Because Bucky hasn’t seen his own goddamn soul mark in seven years.Not since a doctor sawed his left arm off to save his life.And God, he’d imagined what it might be like to see it again. A quiet moment. A private moment. His soulmate slowly lifting their shirt, their trouser leg up—stepping out of the shower maybe—so he can finally catch a glimpse of it on their chest, their ankle, their back. It would be after years of knowing them and yet not knowing, and then it would all click into place. The world making sense in a way it never has before as he looks at the profile of a mastiff standing proud silent vigil on their skin.He misses his mark. He never thought that this would be one of the hardest parts of relearning how to live a normal life. He never realized how much it grounded him to be able to look at his left wrist and know there would be a jowly dog looking stolidly into the distance hidden beneath his wristband.He’s starting to attract attention, drawing concerned and annoyed looks, and really, that just makes it worse. It brings him back to that dark headspace when he was convinced everyone who looked at him was staring at the empty gap where his arm should be. Like he’s wrong in his own body. It’s in moments like these that all the self-affirmation exercises and conversations with his therapist just fly out the window. And he’s right back to those first months when he was still waiting to wake up from this like it was all just a horrible dream.And then there’s a pair of hands cupping his cheeks, cool and soothing against his heated skin. He doesn’t even have to look to know who it is. He’d know her steady presence anywhere.“Nat,” Bucky croaks out.“You idiot,” Natasha says, filled with such exasperated affection that he starts
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Post-Recovery Bucky Barnes
Prosthesis
Bucky Barnes-centric
Post-Battle of New York (Marvel)
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

