Work Text:
“You last saw him where?” T’Challa asked with a combination of disbelief and growing anger. Whatever his expression was, it was enough to make Captain Rogers take a step backward and Barnes hunch in on himself.“The bunker in Siberia,” Rogers said with much less in the way of smug self-righteousness as he’d had the first time he said that. When he continued, he sounded very defensive. “He was fine. He was talking.”T’Challa swallowed down the stinging words that came to mind about adrenaline and its masking effect on injuries and instead turned on his heel and headed for the door.“You have two options,” he said over his shoulder. “You may remain here, in these rooms and obey every order given to you by the Dora Milaje, or you may leave. You will be given passage to a destination of your choice. You have twenty-four hours to make your decision.”He didn’t bother waiting for their reply, just nodded to the Dora who was standing by the door. She returned his nod, indicating she understood his intentions. T’Challa then put aside all thought of his unwanted guests and headed towards the hanger.“What did they do to him?” Okoye asked as she fell into step beside him.“I didn’t ask,” T’Challa replied. “I doubt I’d have received an honest answer. He left him behind without knowing if he could get out. That is all I need to know.” He shook his head, letting himself wallow in self-recrimination for a moment. “I should have checked.”Okoye didn’t say anything and he knew if he looked, her expression would be saying all that she thought about that. Wakandans had many complex opinions regarding Tony Stark. They knew his father as a thief, who had used stolen vibranium to create Captain America’s shield, but Tony Stark had continued to defy their attempts to neatly categorise him. It was easy to dismiss him if all you did was look at the surface but when you looked deeper, you realised that Tony Stark was a man who kept his own counsel and wore many, often conflicting masks. T’Challa also knew it was the advancements of Tony Stark and those like him that had prompted his father to bring Wakanda out of its isolation. Not out of any misguided idea that they should strike now while they were still in advance of the rest of the world but because the rest of the world had finally caught up enough to allow them to feel relatively safe from invaders wanting to steal what was theirs. “He is very resourceful,” Okoye finally said as they boarded one of their Wakandan jets. “He survived his captivity in Afghanistan. He was injured there too.”“Cold is a beast of a different stripe,” T’Challa replied.Okoye nodded. “I have prepared for that.”T’Challa had seen the supplies in the back of the jet as they boarded and focused on taking off and setting course for Siberia. It took far too long to get there, in his opinion, and they had to be careful once they crossed the Russian border, even with the jet’s stealth capability hiding them from easy detection. Once they arrived, T’Challa landed the jet where he had last time and he and Okoye hurried out and into the bunker. They easily found where Stark had been and T’Challa’s eyes narrowed as he took in the room. It showed obvious signs of having been ground zero for a fight and, given the state Rogers and Barnes had been in when they’d emerged, he didn’t think it was a fight that they’d ultimately lost.There was no sign of Stark in the room but there were drag marks that lead down a nearby corridor. T’Challa and Okoye followed them and about halfway down the corridor, they saw a flickering yellow light coming from a doorway. They hurried towards the room but came to a halt when they saw what was inside.Stark was there, the remnants of his suit, battered and broken, in pieces around him where he was clearly trying to make something. There was a small fire burning in what looked like Captain America’s shield and there was a metal arm lying on the ground next to the shield and its fire. Stark himself was alive and awake but his face was pale and drawn with pain and his chest had been tightly wrapped with some sort of makeshift bandages, though there was no blood that T’Challa could see. What was immediately obvious was the gun Stark was holding and pointing at them. His eyes were glittering with tension and determination and the gun was rock steady in his hand despite his injuries.“King kitty,” he said tightly. “Come to finish what Rogers started?”T’Challa’s shoulders tightened as he realised that his speculation was right and he heard Okoye’s quiet curse as she put the pieces together.“No,” he said, keeping his hands where Stark could see them. “I have come to bring you home.”Stark simply watched them, his eyes narrowing as he seemed to read them both like a book. It was a stark reminder – pun intended – that this was not a man who should be dismissed as weak or without the resources to survive and thrive. It was also a reminder that this man had once worn the moniker of the Merchant of De
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
T'Challa doesn't leave people behind
Regal is as regal does
moderated for my peace of mind
read the tags people

fandom: 
None
