Chapter 1: Define love
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark never really knew the true definition of love.Anthony Edward Stark was a child who never grew up in the presence of love. His childhood was the worst to say the least. He didn't see his parents often--sometimes they were out of the country, sometimes working, sometimes he just doesn't really know. And if ever his father was home, the older Stark would always shout at him whenever he did something bad, or sometimes, when he did something good--there's no gray area between getting scolded or being shouted on.Anthony Edward Stark was a child who found love. He found it in his mother--the sunlight that peeked through his darkness, the sunlight who warmed him from the coldness that he felt. Maria Stark was the sunlight who sang to him whenever she tucked him to bed, who kissed his cheeks whenever he cried, who hugged him tight whenever he was scared, who loved him unconditionally even with just a little amount of time spent together. But small amounts of time with Maria Stark won't fill the gaping wound from the kid's chest--he didn't only need an occasional sunlight, Tony needed it constantly but the woman wasn't able to give all of her love fully.Tony found it in his butler Jarvis--the water that sustained him, the water who made him grow, the water who made him strong. Edwin Jarvis was the water that acted as Tony's father, the person who cared for him when he's hurt or afraid, the person who made him feel safe, the person who gave him attention that his parents failed to do and well, the person who loved him like a father would a son. Jarvis was the only person who was a constant in Tony's life, the only person who stayed, the only person who never left, but eventually he also disappeared, left, died.Anthony Edward Stark was a child whose definition of love was lacking. The kid never knew that love is patient and kind. Because growing up, his father wasn't really patient and kind to him--Howard shouted at him for being too slow while eating, scolded him for being slow to process things, locked him in his room for accidentally ruining the vase in their house. Tony never knew that love does not envy, does not boast and is not proud. Tony never knew that love does not dishonor others, it is not self seeking, not easily angered because no one really showed him that, in fact, he grew up with the things opposite to those. His father was always thinking about himself--what he wants, what he needs, what he likes. Howard never asked Tony what the kid wanted, or what he needed, never asked him what he liked. Howard was always angry with Tony--there were no days that the man wouldn't scold the kid, no days that the man wouldn't scream at Tony, no days that the man showed that he also loves his son.Anthony Edward Stark was a man who yearned love. He searched for love in parties--loud, blinding parties that always sends him home drunk and high. It was a feeling that made him forget the gnawing black hole in his chest. It was the feeling of being in the clouds, lost in his own dreams that managed to fill the void in his heart at least momentarily. He searched for love in many hours of inventing in his workshop--making something, tinkering something, fixing something. Allowing the man to forget the truth, to forget the very reason why he even invents, the truth that he, himself, was not fixable, unmade, broken.  He searched for love in girls--numerous relationships, one night stands, flings which he never considered serious or even important. The nights spent in luxurious hotel rooms to let him feel something rather than the gaping hole in his heart. The little moments of happiness he felt when he wasn't alone. The dawns spent having sex with girls just so he would have a small excuse not to sleep.Anthony Edward Stark was a man who never learned to love. No matter how much he tries, no matter how many days he spent in vain to find love, he will never find it. Tony Stark will never learn how to love, or even feel it.Anthony Edward Stark was a man who needed love, the man who need to see what love really is, feel how love really feels.   Anthony Edward Stark is now a man who found love.Anthony Edward Stark found love in the name of Mary Fitzpatrick. A geneticist whom he met in one of the parties that he threw. The woman was beautiful--brown, straight locks that reached past her shoulders, her eyes dark brown mirroring Tony's, tall, petite nose that Tony loved to bop and luscious, red lips that the man loved to kiss. And apparently, the woman wasn't all face, she was brains too. Mary also attended MIT in her college days, she graduated bachelors degree in Biology when she was just twenty years old and then got her Master's degree when she was just 24 years old. And Tony loved everything about her.Tony loved her.Tony loved the woman so much to the point that he asked Mary to move with him in Malibu and well, of course the woman agreed. They lived in that beautiful house fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Mary Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Sick Peter
Sick Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
5+1 Things
Domestic Avengers
Pre-Iron Man 1
Baby Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Mary Parker/Tony Stark

