Work Text:
Tony looked around the small room he’d woken up in and sighed. “This is such a cliché.”“This is a cliché?”Tony managed to not react at all to the incredulous question from his companion. Sam Wilson wasn’t the worst person he could have been kidnapped with but that didn’t mean that Tony felt any kind of ‘hail fellow and well met’ sentiments towards the man. Wilson had been hostile ever since the Rogues (or Scavengers… he’d seen that one used on the internet and kind of preferred it) had returned from their self-imposed exile in Wakanda to find that everything had changed and they were no longer the golden children.Though Tony suspected that Wilson’s hostility lay less in that aspect of their return, since he’d been about the only one among the Rogues to actually try and assimilate into the new way of doing things, and more in the fact that Rogers was continuing his lying ways and hadn’t told his buddies the truth about what happened in Siberia. Tony would have been annoyed at that but things hadn’t only changed in the Avengers. Tony had changed himself, helped enormously by his new relationship, and he no longer gave a damn about the Rogues and what they thought of him. They weren’t his family and they sure as hell weren’t his friends and therefore their opinions meant nothing.“Well, after the tenth kidnapping, you start to realise that the kind of people who do this aren’t really big on imagination,” he said idly as he examined the lock. “I mean, they throw us in a room with no surveillance. Mistake one. They didn’t search either of us properly. Mistake two.” He turned and gave Wilson a smile that had too many teeth and not enough amusement. “And they kidnapped me. Mistake three.”He was pleased to see that Wilson looked a little unnerved and he turned back to the lock. “And, of course, there’s mistake number four. They didn’t take my boyfriends into account. That’s probably the biggest mistake of them all.”If he wasn’t in the middle of a kidnapping, he’d have smiled at the perplexed silence that was coming from Wilson in waves. “Your… boyfriends?” Wilson finally said.Tony suppressed a snicker. He’d thought that was the part Wilson would get hung up on. Only Rogers knew about Tony’s new relationship and that was only because he’d barged into the East Wing – where he was not supposed to be in the first place – and had walked in on an intimate moment. Nothing sexual had been going on but it had been nonetheless pretty obvious that the relationship between Tony and the other two men was not platonic.“I thought Rogers would have told you.” He paused then continued dryly, “Oh wait… I forgot. If there’s one thing he’s good at, it’s keeping secrets.”Now he could feel the indignation coming from Wilson. “Steve’s not like that,” he snapped.Tony snorted. “He didn’t tell you want happened in Siberia, did he? Oh, I’m sure he told you all something. He had to make himself look good, after all, but I’m betting it wasn’t the truth.” He turned just enough to arch an eyebrow at Wilson. “And I don’t make bets like that unless I already know I’m going to win.”Wilson shifted and though his expression was mulish, there was something in his body language that told Tony that he’d hit a nerve. So, Rogers had lied but had done so in a way that had made Wilson suspicious. Which was warring with his apparently ingrained need to agree with everything Rogers said or did.“He told me enough,” Wilson replied almost sullenly. “Enough to know you didn’t go there as a friend.”Tony snorted. “Yep, he definitely lied to you.”Wilson was silent for a moment. “Then what happened?”“Isn’t that a question you should be asking him?” Tony said with a sardonic smirk. “After all, you’re the one who thinks he’s the champion of truth and justice.”Wilson didn’t say anything but instead sat in silence, his brow furrowed. Tony dismissed him from his immediate thoughts and turned back to the lock. He could easily pick it since they hadn’t searched him except to see if he was carrying a weapon but he also knew his boyfriends would be coming for him. His gauntlet watch had gone into an automatic distress mode the moment he’d been snatched up and the cavalry would be coming. It was just a question of whether he waited for them or if he rescued Wilson and himself and met them at the door. He decided on the latter. It was always amusing to watch them pout and it would absolutely be fun to make it up to them.He used the nanotech in his watch gauntlet to form a thin lockpick and got to work. The lock was old but not terribly sophisticated and it made Tony roll his eyes at kidnappers who had the audacity to think that something like this could hold him.“What are you doing?” Wilson said after a minute or two.“I’m thinking it’s time to blow this popsicle stand,” Tony said then he paused for a moment. “And blow it up too, if that’s possible.”“Wait… what… how did you…?” Wilson stammered as he got to his feet and hurried over to peer over Tony’s shoulder.“I told y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Kidnapping
Tony is tired of being kidnapped
but pleased that the same mistakes always get made
sam wilson is confused
moderated for my peace of mind
Author is salty
and so is tony

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

