Chapter 1: Meeting Teddy Lupin
    




Chapter Text
“The thing that was hidden in the snitch,” Harry had told Dumbledore’s portrait. “I dropped it in the forest, I don’t know exactly where, but I’m not going to go looking for it again.”Dumbledore had agreed, complimented Harry on his wise and courageous decision, even though it felt anything but brave and courageous. Harry knew he would give in to the temptation if he had the stone, that was all. If he had no idea where it was, then he couldn’t use it. He wouldn’t lose himself to the stone and the memories of his family.“I’m going to keep Ignotus’s present, though,” he added, and Dumbledore beamed. The cloak, after all, was Harry’s possession, one from his father, and he couldn’t bear to part with it. The cloak held no temptation, no risk to him. It could prove to be useful in leaving the castle, or even walking through Diagon Alley in the coming days.“Then there is this,” Harry said, placing the Elder Wand on the table with a hesitancy he didn’t like to acknowledge. He could feel the power within the wand, the power that wanted to break free. “I don’t want it,” he forced the words out, even as Ron protested.Harry ignored his friend, finding the broken pieces of his own wand from the pouch around his neck. His holly wand, barely together, connected solely by the Phoenix feather inside. He had to try and get his wand back, the one that didn’t even urge for more. He spoke the word carefully, fearful to hope as he touched the Elder Wand to his old one. The wand resealed, sparking as it became one. It had worked.Without thinking, Harry reached out, thrilled by the warmth that ran through his hand and up his arm at the touch. It was as though his wand was just as happy to see him as he was.“I’m going to put the Elder Wand back where it came from,” Harry said steadily, meeting the painted eyes of Dumbledore again. “It can stay there. If I die naturally, the power will be broken, won’t it? Its master wouldn’t be defeated, so that would be the end of it.” Dumbledore nodded, and relief swam through Harry.“Are you sure?” Ron asked, staring at the wand with a hint of longing. Hermione agreed with Harry though, saying as much to Ron.“The wand is more trouble than it’s worth,” Harry said. “And honestly? I’ve had enough trouble for a lifetime.”Harry’s mind wandered to the four-poster bed in Gryffindor Tower that he could sleep on, and Kreacher bringing him a sandwich, if the house-elf was willing. He was just thankful he wouldn’t have to walk past the Great Hall where the bodies still -His thoughts silenced with an acid feeling in his throat. So many people were dead because of this fight, because of him. Remus and Tonks - had anyone told Tonks’ mother? Harry knew they had been staying with her, and he couldn’t imagine Tonks leaving her son with anyone else.Her son.Oh god.An urgency hit Harry and he turned towards the floo, needing to know that Teddy was ok. He heard his friends call out behind him, but the words were illegible. Harry could almost hear Lee Jordan’s words from however long it had been ‘It is with great regret that we inform our listeners of the murders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell.’It felt like months ago, almost a year since he had heard the words spoken, but he knew that wasn’t true.Harry hoped that he remembered the location, he hoped - were they connected to the Floo Network? Was it reasonable for them to be connected? There was so much corruption in the Ministry.“Harry,” Hermione said, pulling him back by his shoulder before he could dive into the fireplace. “What is happening?”“Tonks,” Harry gasped, “Her mom.”Hermione paled, and Ron followed suit almost instantly.“We need to tell her,” he stuttered, Harry had no idea how he would broach the topic, but it felt right for him to tell her, especially after the close call the last time they met. “Kreacher!” he called, hoping the elf would appear.“Harry, you can’t -”“I can’t leave her not knowing,” Harry snapped at Hermione, regretting the action when Hermione stiffened.“He’s right,” Ron said, rubbing his hand over his face. “Do you want us -”Harry cut him off by shaking his head. A pop announced Kreacher’s arrival.“Master,” Kreacher said, offering a slight bow to Harry.“Kreacher, I need - can you take me to Tonks’ mom? She is Bellatrix’s sister,” Harry asked, noting how Kreacher’s eyes lit up.“Miss Andromeda,” Kreacher nodded. “Kreacher will take Master now.”Harry waiting for both Hermione and Ron to nod their agreement before he reached for Kreacher and let the elf apparate them both from the Headmaster’s office. Harry tried to prepare himself for Tonks’ mom, he didn’t want to pull his wand out on her again - or rather for the first time. He hadn’t got far enough to find his wand the last time they were together.“Mrs Tonks?” Harry called as soon as the pop sounded, his heart in his throat as he looked around. The room was dark, and the house was silent. Harry couldn’t shake the thought that something
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Harry Potter
past Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley - Relationship

freeform: 
Not Epilogue Compliant
Parenthood
Parent Harry Potter
Harry moves to america
Civil War Team Iron Man
but I will be considerate and not bashing for the sake of it
Master of Death Harry Potter
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Harry Potter
past Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley - Relationship

