Chapter 1: A Wrinkle in the Plan
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

I.
When Steve finally tracked him down, it was eight months of intense searching. It was a constant race to the next site he might've, possibly, been seen. Street cameras and satellite footage would put him in some foreign city, the information passed on from Tony or Natasha, so he and Sam would pack up and chase down the lead, only to come up empty-handed. There were a few times that he could almost taste victory; that he swore the dust was still settling from Bucky having left just minutes before they arrived. But it didn't matter how quickly they got the information or how swiftly they reacted to it, they always showed up too late.He refused to lose hope. Even when Sam tried to be realistic with him, warning him that he had no idea who he would find if he did manage to catch up to Bucky, and that if Bucky was keeping ahead of him, maybe he wasn't ready to be found. Steve couldn't accept that. Bucky might be struggling to understand himself, but that was all the more reason for Steve to find him. The more Bucky remembered, the more confused he probably was. Even when he had nothing, he had Bucky; now he could return the favor.The day he finally found him, he almost didn't believe his eyes. They'd tracked him down to a dingy motel room in a small town in Portugal. He and Sam snuck up on either side of the door, prepared for Bucky to run, to fight them off and try to escape. Even more prepared to open the door to the motel and find it empty, just like every one before it.Steve dug out the key he'd gotten off the guy at the front desk and turned the lock on the door, as slowly and as quietly as he could. He swung it open, tense and prepared for disappointment. Instead of an empty room, however, he found a hunched figure at a table, his head bowed over papers and pictures, folders spread out all over, a bottle of vodka not far from reach. A ceiling fan did a pathetic job of cooling the room down, leaving it over warm, the air stagnant. Bucky seemed to have passed out where he sat, dressed in a white tank top and a ratty pair of jeans, his boots still on, as if he was prepared to flee at any given moment.Steve frowned, glancing back at Sam, who shrugged at him, following him inside quietly and closing the door behind them.As soon as the closing click of the door was heard, Bucky snapped awake, his eyes opening abruptly as he leapt from his chair, grabbing a gun from beside him and aiming it at them, his expression wild and fierce.Steve's breath caught in his throat for a moment. He could remember, vividly, seeing him for the first time in Washington. Realizing that this was Bucky, his best friend, trying to kill him. He'd watched the footage of their fight, over and over, watched as the muzzle fell away and a face he knew as well as his own stared back at him. But even knowing that, some part of him still tried to convince him that it was in his head, that he shouldn't get his hopes up, that no, it couldn't possibly have been Bucky. This whole goose chase was pointless, because his best friend was long dead. But there he was, staring him in the eye again. He was exhausted, his cheeks sunken and dark bags under his eyes, his beard had grown out and he didn't look like he'd eaten or slept in too long, but it was him. Even if his eyes were wary and his body was poised with paranoid uncertainty.He didn't shoot. That was a good sign, wasn't it? Or maybe Steve was just trying desperately to believe that this was still Bucky, underneath all of the HYDRA programming. He'd saved his life, hadn't he? Dragged him out of the drink and left him alive for the right people to find. He didn't have to do that, but he had. So some part of him had to remember. Had to know who he was, that he wasn't the enemy."Bucky—"His mouth twisted up and his bionic hand flexed on the handle of the gun. "You shouldn't be here."Steve shook his head, his hands held up in an effort to look less threatening. "We've been looking for you…" He stared at him searchingly. "We only want to help… I know things are probably… confusing. You must have a lot of questions. I can help you with that. I can answer some of them. Tell you what I know."He gritted his teeth. "I remember… a lot of it. It comes in flashes sometimes. People, faces, things I did, people I killed…""You weren't in control. That wasn't you."Bucky's lip curled. "I wasn't innocent before they got their hands on me. I killed before that, too. It was just wrapped up in stars and stripes. They sell the dream the same way. You'll save the world, change it, shape it for the better. So you do it, because you wanna believe you're a good person, but sometimes… you're just a trigger man, just an asset. Nothing more.""That's not who you are. You're more than that," Steve insisted. "Please. Bucky, who you were, before this… I remember him. I remember everything about him, every
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jane Foster

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Male Friendship
Female Friendship
Memory Loss
Brainwashing
Hostage Situations
Assassination Attempt(s)
Friends to Lovers
Male-Female Friendship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jane Foster

