Work Text:
• I •When Thor turns the corridor, he is certain that his eyes are deceiving him. He sees the shadows first, but he knows his brother well enough to recognise him from that alone. The sounds, the soft gasps in a voice that he knows nearly as well as his own… he cannot deny them for what they are. He knows it’s unwise to look, but his head turns before consulting his body and he stiffens at the sight. Loki, straddling another man, skin glowing in the gentle golden candlelight, mouth hanging open as he lets out a shuddering moan. They’re both half-dressed, cloth and armour carelessly discarded on the floor, Loki’s hands splayed across the muscled chest of—the guard’s name escapes Thor, but it doesn’t matter to him. He can’t think beyond this, beyond what is before him, and he’s rooted to the spot, unable to move forward, unable to turn away.His brother’s head tips backward, his dark brows furrowing the same way they always do when he’s deep in thought.“Ahhh.”His voice sounds alarmingly loud to Thor, over the rush of blood in his head, echoing against the walls, and it seems to awaken a deep, fierce anger within him.This is his brother, son of the King, moaning like a wanton whore. How will anybody take their family seriously if he lets the guards take him like nothing more than a helpless woman? Thor clenches his teeth, ready to step forward, but at that moment, Loki lifts his hips, until the guard’s erect cock slides almost the entire way out before slamming himself back down. A loud breath escapes his lips like it’s been punched out of him and it doesn’t even matter that the room is dimly lit; Thor can imagine the way his brother’s eyes widen, the way his lips part. He hears the guard’s grunt, sees the large hands that grip Loki’s sides, and something alarmingly close to possessiveness runs through him like fire. Loki, a step ahead of Thor even when he doesn’t realise, continues to render his brother speechless, thoughtless, as he repeats the action, his hips rising and lowering continually in a fluid motion. Loki’s whimpers start soft, as if he’s trying to hold them at the back of his throat, but his movements become more desperate and his voice grows louder. Thor sees one of the guard’s hands move away from Loki’s hip and in between them, and the next moment Loki has his head thrown back, crying out in what is unmistakable ecstasy. His voice breaks, followed by a loud gasp and he collapses forward, into the waiting arms of—not me, Thor thinks distantly, eyes narrowing at the arms that surround his brother, soothing him as he is fucked through his climax. Loki’s stuttering moans still fill the room and Thor cannot ignore the smell of sweat and sex, and only realises that his mouth has fallen open when he clenches his teeth in irritation as the guard releases, not even pulling away from his brother.A heavy silence falls over the room, punctuated only by the soft panting of the two men on the floor. Thor draws on all of his experience as a warrior and a hunter to remain silent, but it’s a near thing. Then, Loki laughs. It’s soft and delighted, like he has just experienced the most wonderful thing in the realms, instead of shaming himself and his family. Alarmingly, Thor cannot find himself to care much about the latter either. He’s more concerned by the fact that he’s more aroused than he has ever been in the company of a woman, by the urge to reduce Loki to this moaning, shivering wreck with his own body. He wants not to skulk in the shadows, but to revel in this side of Loki, unreserved, sated, to drink it all in for himself.They begin to stir and Thor quickly moves away, ducking out of sight and refusing to allow himself to stop walking. His steps are silent all the way to his chambers and the door shuts loudly behind him, letting out a loud sigh as he shuts his eyes, remembering everything he can of Loki, the curve of his back, the tension in his thighs."What is this?" he mutters to himself, half in fear, half in wonder as he presses the flat of his palm to his own arousal, hissing at the inadequate relief this gives him.He’s unsure of how long he stands there, against the door with his chest rising and falling as he replays the scene again and again in his mind, just barely touching himself. He’s shaken from his fantasies when he hears a sharp knock at his door and he wonders if he can ignore it and they will go away. His current state is not one for company, and in the silence that follows, he dares to hope that they’ve gone away.But then he hears the voice—that damned voice, so wonderfully familiar, barely over a whisper."Brother."Thor opens the door and Loki is standing there perfectly dressed, not a trace of his previous activities save for the flush of his cheeks. His lips quirk upwards in a half-smile."Damn you," Thor growls. He grabs the front of Loki’s clothes, pulling him into the room, and silences his brother’s soft laughter with a searing kiss. • II •"Loki," Thor growls, looking in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Thor Kink Meme
Jealousy
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

