Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There was a pattern Peter wasn’t aware of.
Whenever his morning started great, his day would end in agony.
The morning of his parent’s death had been great. The morning of the OsCorp field trip had been great. The morning of Ben’s death had been great. The morning of the Homecoming dance had been great.
This morning started great.
When his alarm rang – his phone and the personalized watch Tony made for him – Peter didn’t feel the tired annoyance that usually accompanied all his mornings. Especially considering it was a Monday morning, because they’re the worst mornings ever. Instead, he felt refreshed and energized. He didn’t have to stay up late to finish some homework he’d totally forgotten about and his body didn’t need to heal overnight, because his patrol on Sunday morning had been close to boring, just a few tourists that needed directions and two old ladies he helped crossing the street. Peter had spent the afternoon at the Tower, dropping off his suit for the usual maintenance work and having dinner with Tony and Pepper. Then Tony had shown him his new nanotechnology, which totally blew Peter’s mind, almost causing him to jump up to the ceiling in excitement. Which he only didn’t do because Tony didn’t like footprints on his ceilings. Apparently, they’re difficult to clean or whatever, but Peter suspected his father was just jealous that he couldn’t walk on the ceiling.
So, when he woke up on Monday, he had actually slept through the night and rested. There was still warm water for his shower and his new science pun shirt (“This Fibonacci joke is as bad as the last two you heard combined.”)  was freshly cleaned and soft against his skin. May, who didn’t need to work early this morning, was in the kitchen, mixing the pancake mix she brought a few days ago while humming a happy tune. It was supposed to be a fail-safe pancake mix, easy to make and impossible to burn, and to Peter’s surprise they actually turned out not too bad. He and May joked and laughed while eating the quite impressive stack of pancakes, and when Peter left for school, he wasn’t only on time, well fed and had his backpack – which he had for over three weeks now, so that was a new record – but he was in a really good mood.
The subway ride to school was uneventful, but he met a dog and a cat, both of which he petted, so that was pretty great, too. Flash didn’t try to hit him with his car and the school bell wasn’t even that loud today. Ned nearly choked when Peter showed him the video from Tony’s demonstration from the day before – which he was allowed to only show Ned and May – and until their first class, they excitingly whispered about all the possibilities of that new technology. MJ smirked at him twice, which was, like, so awesome and did strange things to his stomach, and he got back his Spanish quiz, 100% written on top of it, accompanied by a little smiley.
His morning was great.
Until lunch.
They sat at their usual table, MJ sitting slightly across from them, reading her new book – or maybe pretending to read, Peter wasn’t always so sure about it – when his spidey sense flared up. Peter sat up, one hand instinctively coming up to his neck, eyes quickly scanning his surroundings for the incoming danger. He couldn’t see anything. Then, just as quickly as the sensation came, it went away. Confused, he knitted his eyebrows together, absentmindedly massaging his neck, as if he could coax answers out of it. That wasn’t normal.
“Peter?” He almost jumped out of his seat, looking at Ned who he totally had forgotten about for a second. His friend looked at him with a slightly worried look. “Everything okay?”
“I just -,” Peter stopped, seeing MJ’s eyes darting to him. He swallowed down his answer, convinced that his own body tried to play a joke on him. Obviously, there was no danger around. Not even a spit ball flying to his head. Slowly, he let his hand fall back on the table again. “Yeah, sorry, dude. Kinda zoomed out. What were you saying?”
“I was saying, for our Chemistry project we should totally do –“
Peter never found out what they totally should do for their Chemistry project.
His spidey sense was back, a lot stronger than a few moments ago. Instead of an almost gentle tingling sensation in his neck, it was a full-on vibration, starting in his head and spreading through his body, urging him to move, now, fast, danger was coming, danger was here, DANGER, DANGERDANGERDANGER! Everything else was less important, the only thing that mattered was that he moved, and before he even knew what he was doing, Peter jumped to his feet, pulling Ned with him, already leaning across the table to pull MJ up as well.
A blast shot through the doors of the cafeteria. Students screamed, scrambling to their feet and hurrying away from the now smoking doors. Peter instinctively pushed Ned behind him, tried to get in front of MJ as well, but she was too far out of his reach. A man stepped through the newly made hole and if 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Dad!Tony
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Angst
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Ned Leeds is smart
Loss of Powers
Depression
Anxiety
Self-Doubt
Self-Esteem Issues
Protective Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Blackmail

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

