Work Text:
“He’s been very calm today. Didn’t fight the wipes. Didn’t scream much either.”The Soldier doesn’t open his eyes. They’re talking about him, but they don’t need his input. They never do. He listens anyway, resting as he does, muscles locked tight against the tremors that threaten his body. The wipes ruin his control over his body, but weakness is not allowed.The Soldier doesn’t remember much, but he remembers that.“That’s good,” says another voice. Familiar. “Asset, look at me.”The Soldier opens his eyes.The man is old, but he wears power like a cloak. The Soldier doesn’t remember his face, but he knows its shape. He knows a lot of things he doesn’t remember.“Do you know who I am?”The Soldier shakes his head. Even if he did, questions like these only have the one answer. The man smiles, proving the Soldier right.“You can call me Mr. Secretary. You have a mission, son. They found the Valkyrie, and Bucky Barnes inside of it. They have a new Captain America now. A fake but as authentic a fake as they can get. Any of this ringing a bell?”The Soldier blinks. He understood everything the Secretary said. Intel is important, and the Soldier doesn’t forget even a scrap of information – not until they make him forget.The Secretary smiles. It’s pleasant and pleased. It makes the Soldier’s hair stand on end.“Sir,” one of the technicians says softly, “it’s dangerous to try and trigger his memories.”“There are no memories to trigger,” the Secretary says calmly. “All he’s got in his brain is data we put in. Look at him. Does it look like he remembers a damn thing?”The technicians look at him. The Soldier ignores them, keeps his eyes on the Secretary. There are armed men behind him, guns pointed at the Soldier though he is restrained, arms locked in the cold metal of the chair. His temples still ache from the electricity, even though it’s been two hours since the wipe.“Captain America is your mission,” the Secretary tells the Soldier. “You are not to engage. Observe him. Learn his patterns. Report to your handler. When the time is right, we will tell you to strike.”“Are you sure that’s safe?” asks one of the armed men behind the Secretary. “That’s too long a leash for him.”“You are the leash, Rumlow,” the Secretary responds genially. “I’m sure you can act accordingly.”“Yeah, of course, but we could just kill Barnes.”The Soldier looks at Rumlow. Memorizes the contours of his face. His handler.“Killing Barnes now would make him a martyr and likely draw Fury’s and Stark’s attention. We can’t risk that until Insight takes off. Captain America, original or fake, cannot be killed just like that. Since Barnes refused to work for S.H.I.E.L.D. and remains in New York, this is the best course of action.”Rumlow steps forward, coming to a stop just a foot behind the Secretary. He’s looking at the Soldier with bright eyes; the manic glint in them almost hides the fear, but the Soldier sees it. He is very accustomed to spotting fear in others’ eyes.“Does it have to be him?” Rumlow asks.He flinches the next second when the Secretary turns to look at him. His expression is hidden from the Soldier, but Rumlow’s grimace and body language tell him enough.“With the situation as it is, do you have any other suggestions, Brock?” Rumlow remains wisely quiet. The Secretary turns back to the Soldier, smiling that bland, genial smile again. “Besides, I thought you, of all people, would appreciate the irony here.” - “Just so you know, I blame Stark,” Rumlow says as he leads the Soldier into the apartment they are to stay in for the duration of the mission. “He just had to sweep in and sweep out all the bugs we placed in Barnes’s place. And now he does it fucking regularly. You know how much effort we went into to get all those in there? Now, the whole fucking building is a digital fortress thanks to Stark, and Barnes spots regular tails within fifteen minutes tops. Only other fucking place he stays in is the Tower, and that AI would rip our system to shreds if we tried to interfere. Even Zola’s scared of him.”Rumlow, the Soldier has discovered, talks a lot. He likes the sound of his own voice. The Soldier likes the information he lets slip, even if some of the names make something deep inside him flinch.He shows none of this on his face.“I don’t even know why I bother with you.” Rumlow’s looking at the Soldier now, grinning crookedly. “Not like any of this registers after all the times we’ve put your brain in a blender.”The Soldier ignores Rumlow in favor of going through the apartment, cataloguing sightlines and exits. He’s unlikely to spend much time here, but it’s wise to the know the ins and outs of the base.When he circles back to Rumlow, he finds the man setting up a laptop on the kitchen table. He waves the Soldier over.The screen shows the live feed of the front of a four-story apartment complex.“Captain America lives on the top floor. Roof access. This is the closest we can get with camera surveillance. Stark hasn’t started sweepi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Role Reversal
Post-Avengers (2012)
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Steve Rogers as the Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes as Captain America
Standard Winter Soldier Warnings
Implied/Referenced Torture
Identity Issues
Canon Disabled Character
Canon-Typical Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Enthusiastic Consent
Emotional Sex
Oral Sex
Rimming
Anal Sex
Surprise Kissing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

