Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony sighed as the door of his workshop closed behind him and took a long drink from his coffee. There were days when he liked being a part of the Avengers and then there were days like today, where he could gladly throw the whole lot of them off the Tower and not even bat an eyelid. He made a mental note to accelerate the development of the Compound because if he had to have the Avengers and their general dysfunction around his Tower for too much longer, he was really going to do something drastic. There was already too much dysfunction in the Tower with just himself.
The unexpected presence of paper in the workshop caught his eye and he frowned as he wandered over to the nearest bench. “Hey, J? Where did this come from?”
“Ms Potts dropped then off about an hour ago,” JARVIS replied. “She thought you might like to see them.”
Tony made an absent humming noise and sat down on his stool. He rolled it over to the bench and picked up the papers. He was surprised to find that they were comics and rather exceptionally well-drawn ones as well. They were about the Avengers and showed the team going on various missions. After a moment, he realised they were very familiar missions.
“How did she get these?” he asked absently as he slowly flipped through them. “I didn’t think we’d authorised any comics for the Avengers.”
“You haven’t,” JARVIS replied. “Ms Potts says that they were sent into SI by a fan.”
“Get the name,” Tony said. “These are really good and if we do decide to do some comics, we could do worse than use them.”
“Yes, sir.”
Tony frowned as he continued to follow the storyline of the comics. The team dynamics they were showing were… weird. And yet, there was something about them that was as familiar as the missions. He paused on one page then raised his head.
“J? Can you show me the footage for the mission in March? The one in Nebraska.”
“Of course, sir.”
Screens burst into life around him, showing the video footage from everyone’s armour or helmets. Tony’s eyes flickered from screen to screen and then back down to the comic page in his hand.
“Huh,” he said after several minutes.
He quickly flicked through the rest of the comic pages and then turned to the screens. He pulled up several different missions, both from before and after the fall of SHIELD, and while things were more exaggerated after the fall, the pattern was still there.
“Have you managed to find the name of who drew these?” he finally asked.
“No, sir,” JARVIS replied, sounding perplexed. “There was no return address and as they were apparently hand delivered during a busy period, there was no stamp or postmark.” He paused. “The CCTV in the foyer captured the drop off but the person is wearing a hoodie and a coat that obscures their face and build. I cannot determine who they might be.”
JARVIS had brought up the relevant footage as he’d been making his explanation and Tony could see that he was right. About all that could be said about the person who had dropped the envelope containing the comics off was that they were about 5’5” and of a slim build. Anything else was impossible to determine.
“Sir? Is there an issue with the comics?”
Tony tapped his fingers on the bench. “Did you get a look at them as I was reading them?”
“I did, sir. I shall review them now.”
Tony waited, still tapping his fingers against the bench as his frown deepened. 
“Sir…” JARVIS paused then continued with slow uncertainty. “These comics highlight an… unsettling disregard for your safety and wellbeing on the part of the Avengers. The worst proponent is Captain Rogers, the best is Dr Banner.”
“And when you review the video footage?”
JARVIS was silent again for several minutes. “The footage validates the comics. Sir…?”
“I know,” Tony said. “Either our artist is the world’s best guesser or… something weird is going on.”
“I am inclined to believe the latter,” JARVIS replied. “What do you intend to do?”
“Well, I’m not going to tell the Avengers, for a start,” Tony said dryly. “If these comics are right and I have no reason to think they’re not, apparently Natashalie has been gaslighting me.”
JARVIS’ pause was long and pregnant. “I… had been reluctant to bring it to your attention.”
Tony smiled sadly. “You mean you did try and bring it to my attention, and I dismissed it out of hand.”
“…Yes, sir.”
Tony nodded. “So, if I tell them about this and let them see the comics, I’m guessing she’s going to try and gaslight me into dismissing everything in them. So… let’s not do that.”
“Then what will you do?”
Tony flipped over the comics to the last page and tapped the final panel on that page. It showed a bald woman in strange robes standing in front of a large building. In her hand was a business card and on the card was written an address – 177A Bleeker Street. 
“I’m going to find this person and see if she can give me some answers.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Diverges after TWS
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Avengers friendly
not team Cap friendly
so to speak
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Team Tony
A mystery ensues
moderate for my peace of mind

fandom: 
None
