Work Text:
“I’m sorry, Peter, but if you’re going to continue to lie you won’t be allowed to go on the trip,” Mr. Harrington said awkwardly as Peter looked at him in shock. “But I’m not lying,” he responded desperately. He wasn’t sure why he was protesting so much to this; he didn’t even want to go on the field trip in the first place. Maybe it was because it hurt that even his teacher didn’t believe him. “The internship is real!”The usually chill teacher sighed, folding his arms. “There are no high school interns at Stark Industries, especially ones that work with Tony Stark personally. Instead of going on the field trip, just attend your usual classes,” he said stubbornly and left the room before Peter could continue arguing. Mr. Harrington was his favorite teacher, he never expected him to be like that with him.When Peter got home, his face was still red and he sort of wanted to cry, and unfortunately Bucky saw him before he could try to look normal. He was instantly led over to the couch and leant into Bucky’s embrace. It was weird how close they had gotten in such a short amount of time, especially since the ex-assassin was still very guarded around most people. Now he was like Peter’s older brother as well as one of his best friends. “What’s wrong?” Bucky asked quietly, silently vowing to kill whoever made the kid sad. “I can’t go on the decathlon field trip here on Thursday because no one believes me about the internship. Mr. Harrington wouldn’t even let me show him the paperwork or anything.” It was quiet for a moment, something Peter was used to when Bucky was trying to fix a problem. He would usually think something through thoroughly before proposing his solution, as opposed to Tony who would always talk through something out loud. “FRIDAY, tell everyone that we’re playing paintball on Thursday. And tell Tony to let Peter work on the Iron Man armor today or I’ll make sure his lab plays Despacito on repeat for the rest of the month.”Peter grinned and perked up instantly. “Paintball?”“Yeah, pal. Your class will have no choice but to believe you, and I know Clint’s been pushin’ for a rematch since we destroyed him last time,” Bucky said with a matching smile. Yeah, it would probably be a little awkward running into his class at his house, but it would be kind of great to be able to prove them wrong without having to go on a ridiculous tour. “That work or would that be too embarrassing or something?”“I think you might be a genius, Bucky,” Peter responded after thinking it through. “It probably won’t help my cover though. Everyone at school thinks I’m this wimpy kid with asthma.” before Bucky could respond, he was cut off by someone else.“Don’t worry about that, kid,” Tony said as he and Natasha walked into the room, both looking a little concerned. “I’ll make them sign some NDAs before the tour so nothing can get out if anyone finds out about Spider-Man.”“And if people ask about your sudden skill at gymnastics, tell them that you’ve been training with me and that should explain things,” Nat cut in with a shrug. “It’s not really a lie either so you’ll have an easier time talking about it.” Peter blushed a little, pretty embarrassed at being such a bad liar while living with spies. He was mostly just proud of himself for keeping his identity a secret despite that fact. Soon they got distracted with whatever Clint managed to get into this time, putting the field trip in the back of their minds.The day of the trip Peter’s a little more nervous, kinda hoping he won’t run into his classmates, but also kinda hoping he gets to prove them all wrong. After a pep talk from Bucky, he feels more confident and focuses on winning the game, knowing that he has someone backing him up no matter what happens. He lets himself relax into the game, getting into the right headspace to kick Team Romanov’s ass.XXXXXXXXXXWhen he thought about it for a second, it made sense that his classmates were so shocked. Rounding a corner to see Peter dressed in all black, holding a pistol with a rifle strapped to his back, would probably freak out most people. His spidey sense alerted him to the group of people right before there are many a “PETER????” and “HOLY SHIT HE HAS A GUN” and other panicked exclamations. He spun around with wide eyes and shushed them, hurrying up to the group (half of them took a step back because yeah he’s got a realistic looking gun but the other ones are too frozen) and looks over the group quickly.“Everyone shut the fuck up for twenty seconds!” he whispered harshly, tilting his head to the side to listen for Steve trying to sneak up on him. Cap was just not as sneaky as he thought he was. Actually, most of the avengers weren’t that sneaky when you had super hearing. Mr. Harrington seemed to finally get out of his own shock and began probably saying ‘Peter what are you doing here? Why do you have a gun??’ and other fun questions and accusations, but before he got out the first question, Peter’s sense made him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James “Bucky” Barnes & Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Avengers Compound
Paintball
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
slight Spideychelle preslash
That classic field trip trope with a twist
i wrote this at 2am
Confident Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
yikes dude

fandom: 
James “Bucky” Barnes & Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker

