Chapter 1: Denial
    


Notes:
TW for this chapter: non-con with Beck

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text



It’s gonna be okay. 

 Petey. Hey, kiddo. It’s gonna be okay. 
“Do you hear me? Pete?” Mr. Beck, Peter thinks. His teacher is here. But it feels like he’s in a bed. And he hurts, he hurts so bad—“It’s gonna be okay,” Mr. Beck says, stroking Peter’s cheek as if to calm him. “No,”  Peter moans. He shrinks back from that hand, but a second one just takes hold of his other cheek to keep his head still.“Shh, shh shh shh, it’s alright, Peter. You spaced out on me, for a second.”Peter blinks, trying to clear the fog out of his eyes. He hurts so, so bad...and now he remembers why.He hadn’t  spaced  out. He’d  passed  out, while Mr. Beck was whipping him with his belt.His heart does a sick tumble inside his chest. Mr. Beck had been so stern with him, earlier, but he’s being sweet now and though it makes Peter sick, he still prefers this to being beaten. “Do you need some water?” Mr. Beck asks, face full of concern. “Yuh,”  Peter whimpers.Mr. Beck’s eyelids lower; his mouth stretches in a pleased smile. “That’s my good boy. Do you need me to tie you down, while I go to the kitchen? Or can you be good?”His hands are low on Peter’s jaw, almost wrapped around his neck. Deliberate or not, the threat is loud and clear.  “I can be good,”  Peter breathes. Besides. He doesn’t think he could walk if he tried.“Good boy,” Mr. Beck says again. It’s soothing, the way he says it. Shouldn’t be, but it is. “I’ll be right back.”The man’s weight lifts from on top of him. His hands leave Peter’s skin, leave him with nothing but the bedsheets and the pain. It hadn’t hurt so much, when Mr. Beck was touching him. Now, the pain is everything. A throb that beats through his entire body.Peter stares at the ceiling while he’s alone, and maybe this time he does space out a bit. The spackle does a little ten-degree rotation every few seconds, clockwise and counterclockwise, like an old rotary telephone. It makes him feel seasick.The bed dips beside him, and Mr. Beck lifts him up, positions him so that he’s cradled under one of the man’s thick arms. He tilts Peter’s chin up, lifts the water glass until the rim touches his lips.“Here you go, son. Drink up.”
 Son. 
That’s all it takes to bring back the tears.Peter drinks while he cries. As long as he’s drinking the water, then nothing else is happening. Mr. Beck is being nice to him and he doesn’t have to do anything—to  say  anything—that’ll make him feel worse than he already does. Stupid of him to think Mr. Beck, who had stalked him all through his sophomore year, wouldn’t notice that he’s barely sipping the water anymore. Peter reaches desperately for the glass as Mr. Beck pulls it away, but a glance upward has him curling his hand back into his own chest. That look is back. The stern teacher, ready to discipline his student. Peter’s stomach does a queasy shudder. The lashed backs of his legs throb like ice and fire.“Peter,” Mr. Beck says, his voice as earnest as it’s ever been. “I know this is hard for you. I know you don’t want to believe Tony Stark would abandon you like this. You shouldn’t  have to believe it.” His gray eyes darken with something dangerous. Peter shrinks away, but Mr. Beck’s arm holds him tightly in place. “It’s  wrong.” He strokes Peter’s cheek, shifts until they’re side by side, then rolls half of his weight on top of Peter. His caress moves lower, hand curved over Peter’s throat to feel the pulse hammering against his palm. “But I’ll never abandon you. I’ll raise you up right, Pete.”Peter catches the  “No!”  before it comes out of his mouth. But his breaths come shallow and fast, a denial any sane person should be able to hear.Mr. Beck lowers heavy on top of him and takes his mouth in a scratchy kiss.“I’ll discipline you the way you need,” he murmurs. He grinds his hips as he says it, and Peter is sickened to feel the hard bar of Mr. Beck’s erection rubbing against him.“Hurts,” Peter gasps. “Please, I’m so sore, Mr. Beck—”Before he can get out another word, Mr. Beck jerks Peter up and shoves him down so that he’s sprawled face down over the man’s lap.Mr. Beck’s hand crashes down on the spot where Peter’s ass and thigh meet, a blow that bursts the air in the room like a thunderclap. Peter screams, tries to lurch forward, but Mr. Beck pins him down. He circles the spot he just hit, and the soft touch is almost as painful as the blow. Something wet trickles down the back of Peter’s thigh.“I’ve told you twice already not to call me that,” Mr. Beck explains. “Haven’t I, son?”His hand goes still on Peter’s ass. Funny how just the lack of motion could become a threat, because Peter’s blood runs cold.“Yes,” he gasps. “Yes, sir! I’m sorry!”The circling motion starts again, and Peter is so relieved that tears spring out of his eyes. Mr. Beck’s heavy forearm pushes his back down and Peter sobs into the comforter, relieved
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape
Mindbreak
Father/Son Incest
Incest
fanfic of Along Came Mr. Beck by Ru17
FANFICCEPTION
spiderio
Starker
Unreliable Narrator
Age Difference
Statutory Rape
Forced Daddy Kink
SleazyGaslightingBastard!Beck
ConcernedLovingAndFallingForHisSon!Tony
Gaslighting
Stockholm Syndrome
Physical Abuse
WinterIron starting at Chapter 10
This will most likely become a 3way relationship between Daddy Stark | Uncle Winter | and Peter
Contract Killer Bucky Barnes
Submissive Painslut! Bucky
consensual Tony/Peter and Tony/Bucky
nonconsensual Quentin/Peter
Peter is about 16 in this one
Trigger warnings in the notes of each chapter
the good guys win

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

