Work Text:
There’s a message on the fridge.Well, more than one actually. The words juice and salad have been spelt out neatly. Underneath them are messy but still legible collections of plastic letters spelling out mommy, daddy and morgan. Something that looks like the name Gerald sits at the bottom of the door, somewhere where only small fingers can reach.Pippa swallows, clutching the bottle of soda to her chest with such an intense grip she feels the glass creak under her fingers.In the days before Thanos, in the pocket of time between the defeat of the Vulture and her journey into space, Pippa used to leave notes. She’d noticed the collection of colourful magnetic letters sticking to the side of the fridge in the tower one morning as she ate breakfast with Tony, shoved into the very edges of the unit as though they weren’t meant to be seen.Pippa didn’t need to ask to know that they were yet another remnant of a time gone by, a melancholy trace of the people who used to occupy the huge space of Tony’s home with him. She’d wondered why he hadn’t simply thrown them away, but figured it was probably for the same reason that a pair of ballet pumps were still hanging up by the training room door.Pippa had left in a hurry one morning after staying over, late and at risk of getting a detention. As she had hastily gulped down almost an entire carton of orange juice in the kitchen, her eyes had landed on the letters again. With only the merest amount of thought given, she had grabbed a few of the dusty pieces and shifted them to the front of the fridge, spelling out see u tmrw mr stark and hurried out to where Happy was waiting for her.The next day, she’d stepped into the elevator and had instantly remembered, feeling a wobbly sort of anxiousness. What if Mister Stark was mad? What if she’d upset him by using something that he clearly didn’t want to be reminded of?She’d been practically vibrating in her shoes as the elevator door had opened out onto the penthouse floor. A quick sweep of the room had shown no sign of anybody else, but also that the magnetic letters were still stuck on the fridge, exactly as she left them.Pippa had studied them for a while, chewing her lip thoughtfully. With a hesitant finger, she slid the letters around, swiping a few more from the side of the fridge.
hello mr stark!
She made a crude looking smiley face out of two full stops and the letter J before heading to the lab, knowing that was where Tony would be.A week later, on a drizzly Sunday morning, Pippa had been sleepily groping for the cereal in one of the top cupboards when her eyes had fallen onto the fridge door, lured in by the new arrangement of letters.
hi kid
A warm burst of joy had quickly pierced through her surprise and Pippa had laughed, feeling the sort of happiness she’d been chasing since Ben had passed away. With a second or two of consideration, she shuffled the letters once again before getting back to her breakfast.
star wars?
What started from that day was a silly sort of exchange, a tentative sort of tradition that they never spoke of but never stopped. Little greetings or farewells were always responded to in kind; suggestions for movies or dinners were almost always accepted without question and all reminders were gratefully received, especially by Tony who would regularly take one look at the fridge door and dash back out of the room, swearing under his breath as he went.Pippa would get creative sometimes and twist the letters around so that if one were to make enough effort, they would read as some sort of equation. Eventually, Tony had purchased another set of letters so that they had more to work with, covering almost the entirety of the fridge door in a messy but pleasant kind of colourful chaos.It had been their thing. A little joke between the two of them that made Pippa happier than seemed logical. Judging from the soft smile that always appeared on Tony’s face whenever she managed to catch him looking at the fridge, it made him happy too.Their private joke.Except now, it isn’t theirs anymore.A sudden, vicious urge to swipe all the letters onto the floor blitzes through Pippa and she turns her back to the fridge, vision blurring with tears.Again.It feels like she’s done nothing but cry since she came back.She cried when she saw Tony on the battlefield and he’d swept her up into a hug, kissing her cheek and whispering her name as though he couldn’t believe she was real.She cried when she’d fallen to her knees beside Tony after he’d used the gauntlet, clutching desperately at his chest as he gazed blankly at her, face scorched and his right arm a ruined mess of metal and muscle.She cried in the hospital waiting room when May had burst in and hugged her so tight that Pippa thought her ribs would break.And she’s cried many more times after that.The loud sound of laughter breaks through her thoughts and she gives her eyes a cursory wipe before heading back outside to where the others are. The garden of Tony’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Genderswap
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Quill
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Heart-to-Heart
Father-Daughter Relationship
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

