Work Text:
When Bucky and Tony hadn't gone into heat on the seventh the following month, Steve hadn't thought anything about it at first. He was too used to their heats fluctuating all over the place in an effort to synchronize.
 
But on the ninth, both omegas burst into the gym wearing twin expressions of jubilant glee and Steve realized what had actually happened.
 
“Oh god,” Steve said. “Seriously?”
 
“Yep,” Tony said, his grin widening. “Your supersoldier supersperm has done its job.”
 
Steve rubbed his temples. “Both of you?”
 
“Obviously,” Bucky said. “You did fuck both of us.”
 
“That doesn't mean you would both get pregnant. We've been together for months and neither of you got pregnant earlier.”
 
Bucky shrugged. “We went into heat together, we got pregnant together. Shouldn't be all that surprising.”
 
Yeah, Steve didn't know why he was so surprised. The two of them treated everything like a competition. One of them had probably gotten pregnant and the other had as well, just to spite him.
 
“And now I have to put up with the two of you for nine months,” Steve said with a sigh.
 
“Eight months, technically,” Tony said. “We've been incubating little baby Rogers for a month already.” He shared a glance with Bucky and they both grinned.
 
Right. Only eight more months.
 
But at least Bucky and Tony were thrilled to be pregnant. Maybe that would last throughout their pregnancies.
 
The optimism lasted for all of a month. Which was when Bucky came down with morning sickness.
 
Bucky bent over the toilet bowl for the fourth morning that week. Steve gently rubbed his back and held his hair out of the way. He didn't like seeing Bucky so miserable, but there was really nothing he could do for him. The nausea would just have to run its course.
 
Tony sat on the edge of the sink, idly swinging his feet in the air. “I'm famished. I could really go for some oatmeal right about now. Or maybe some eggs and hash browns. What about you, Buck?”
 
“Bastard,” Buck groaned. “Don't talk to me about food.”
 
“Waffles,” Tony said decidedly. “With strawberries and blueberries and maple syrup. Or maybe butter and honey. No, peanut butter and honey. Yeah, there we go. And maybe some yogurt.”
 
Bucky swiped at him blindly and Tony ducked back just out of his range. “And a glass of orange juice. Doesn't that sound nice? It'll get the taste of bile right out of your mouth.”
 
Bucky surged upwards and socked Tony in the jaw. Tony responded by kicking Bucky in the chest. And then the fight escalated until they were both wrestling on the floor, trading blows and insults. Steve had to tear the two of them apart.
 
“Cut it out. Both of you. You're grown men. Stop acting like children.”
 
Bucky crossed his arms over his chest and glared at Tony. “He started it.”
 
Steve sighed. Just seven more months, he reminded himself. Just seven more months.
 
Luckily, Bucky's morning sickness lasted only another week. And once his stomach settled, his mood stabilized. He was once again in good spirits, utterly delighted to be pregnant.
 
Steve hadn't been sure of the right time to tell the team about the pregnancies, but Bucky's happy glow and openly affectionate behavior didn't go unnoticed for long.
 
Natasha cornered him one evening as he was making dinner for the omegas. “Is Bucky pregnant?”
 
“Yes,” Steve said. “And Tony-”
 
But Natasha swept past him and hugged Bucky. “Congratulations. You'll be a fantastic mother.”
 
Bucky wasn't showing yet, but she put her hands on his stomach anyway. Soon the two of them were deep in a discussion of maternity clothes and prenatal vitamins while Tony sulked and picked at his rice.
 
Steve dropped into his chair at the kitchen counter and stared down at his plate. Suddenly, he wasn't feeling all that hungry. Probably because he could see the inevitable fight brewing.
 
Clint slid in beside him. “How far along?” he asked.
 
“Almost three months.”
 
Clint cast a sideways glance in Tony's direction. “Both of them?”
 
“Both of them,” Steve confirmed.
 
Clint shook his head. “I don't know if I should congratulate you or wish you luck, you poor bastard.”
 
Steve grimaced. “Sometimes I'm not too sure myself.”
 
Clint grinned. “It's early still, but let me buy you a drink. Toast your happiness or drown your sorrows. Whatever works.”
 
Steve was all too happy to head to the bar with Clint. Even though he couldn't get drunk, just the taste of whiskey made him feel more relaxed. Clint was well on his way to drunk, but he had always been a quiet drunk. So he just leaned against the bar and listened as Steve complained about putting up with the two omegas.
 
Clint swirled his drink around in his hand. “Hey, must be rough. But at least you guys got it done.” He swayed and tightened his grip around the counter. “Nat can't have kids you know. Alpha female. But she'll live viciously....victoriously...”
 
“Vicariously?”
 
“Yeah, that's the word. She'll help you out.”
 
Guilt pooled in the bottom of Steve's stomach. He had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Threesome - M/M/M
Mpreg
Angst and Humor
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Loki Has Issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

