Chapter 1: ready or not
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
All things considered, Darcy was happy with her life. She made a pretty good living, the nightmares had decreased significantly since childhood, and she'd come to accept that hers was a life that would be spent connected with all things supernatural. She wasn't wiccan; don't get her confused. Calling her a witch wouldn't offend her, however. She happily accepted anybody with a tie to the supernatural. Hers was one of those family things; passed down, generation after generation. Or, well, sometimes it skipped people, like her mother.Darcy could see things, the future, more often than not, good or bad. Growing up, it had been difficult, out of control, something that happened without her consent, coming on at the most inconvenient of times. And it was… well, kind of terrifying. Not everything she saw was good.Jennifer Gallant; she saw her die in a fiery car crash three days before it happened. She could smell the gasoline, the smoke, feel fire licking at her skin, blood dribbling down her face, bits of glass imbedded in her. She saw it all, felt it as if she were there with her, experiencing it first hand. She woke up screaming herself hoarse, shocked and scared. Her mother soothed her, telling her it was just a nightmare. She was fifteen and felt like an idiot for getting so upset. And then, three days later, there it was on the news, Jennifer Gallant, dead.For the longest time, her powers scared her. What if she dreamed about her mother dying, or her friends, or anybody she loved? What if she dreamed about herself, about something out of her control? Darcy hated it as a teenager; she suffered from insomnia for the longest time, too stressed to sleep lest she something she didn't want to. But it only bled into her daily life, too. She no longer needed to sleep to see what would happen to other people, how their lives would change thanks to one simple decision.She saw a crossroads for some people. A girl; pick one boy, get pregnant young, never leave their hometown, pick another boy, go to college, marry someone else, have a career, then children. A boy; come out as gay, get picked on all of high school, give up senior year, commit suicide, or stay quiet, struggle and feel like a fraud, wait for college, tell their family, their friends, find acceptance, grow, meet the right guy, live a long life. It was different for each person. Some met the wrong people, did the wrong things, made the wrong choices, while others went a different path, one that would lead them to happiness. Some came out in high school and had a great support system. Some got pregnant young and never regretted it. Some never had sex, never did drugs, others had lots of sex and did every drug, and each experience led them down a new path, neither better nor worse. The roads weren't all paved with good things or bad things, it was a mixture of both, and some were happier in the moment while regretful down the line.For Darcy, it was always a matter of control. Controlling her power, her life, making her own decisions, never letting her path be chosen for her. She could watch other people's lives play out, designed by one fateful decision or a number of them, but she never wanted to know where hers might go.As she grew up, she learned how to control her powers, to invite those feelings, blocking out all else and putting her entire focus on the person in front of her. At twenty-five, she had an impressive career going for her. She started out with a table set up in the street, calling people closer; it grew into a tent at big street events, and now she had her shop. She couldn't afford a separate apartment on top of it, so she combined the two. Her bedroom and kitchen were her only living space while the main room was her office, dressed in gauzy fabrics, lit with candles, beads hanging over the doors, various stones with symbols carved into them littered counter tops. The table in the middle wore a white lace cloth with a stack of tarot cards that were more for show than anything else. Sometimes, for the people who liked a lot more of a show, she got out the crystal ball, but the real work was all in the hands. Palm readings brought in a lot of people, but there was always a question, a specific query, that really had people knocking at her door.Did their loved one make it to heaven?Would they ever get married?Could they make their dream job happen or was it better to stick to the daily grind?Was the ghost of their long-dead relative still lingering around?Were they ever going to hit the lottery?She wondered sometimes, if it was better to lie to some of them. Would their lives be better if she told them no? That they would always be unhappy, unmarried, in a job they hated? Because that was the reality of so many. Not everybody won the lottery or met their soul mate or did something with their lives. But some… Some came in and th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Polyamory
Fortune Telling
Soul Bond
Soulmates
Soul Sharing
Mutant Powers
On Hiatus

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov

