Chapter 1: A Gift Not For Giving
    




Chapter Text
Harry wakes to an overwhelming sense of confusion.The last thing he can remember is an explosion so loud it was silent, starting in his chest and spreading through his limbs like fire.Oh, and the unshakable certainty that he was about to die. Which to be frank, is probably where the root of all his confusion stems from. Because, yeah… he feels alive. As opposed to being dead. Which he probably should have been; shots to the chest like that-Holy shit.Shots to the chest. He’d been shot in the fucking chest. His heart stutters momentarily and in a sudden onset of panic, his hands fly up to his ribcage.He feels…Nothing but soft fabric and the slight hardness of the buttons on his shirt. Which feels dry, and not sticky, like he’d imagine a shirt soaked in blood would. A cautious venture at the skin beneath his shirt tells his that there is nothing there but unmarked skin. Warily, as the idea occurs to him, he opens his eyes. His ocular sense confirms the observations his tactile senses have found. His chest is unharmed. No bandages, no blood- not even any damage to his shirt- which is the same one he’d been wearing when they’d gone to meet Malfoy. He can tell by the small ketchup stain beside the third button that he’d managed to hide from Hermione.How is he even alive? Hermione may have spoken tentatively about the possibilities that he couldn’t die, and they’d known about his accelerated healing for a while now, but it wasn’t exactly a theory anyone was particularly interested in testing. In fact, Harry had considered the idea ludicrous, and quite frankly, impossible. And sure, he had fallen all that way with no parachute and managed to survive, but he’d kind of pinned that down to some unconscious actualisation of his magic that had realised death was imminent and proceeded to prevent it. But this… he’d been shot. Harry knew he’d been shot; he’d felt it. Felt the bullet tear through his flesh like it was butter mixed with concrete. He’d felt the jarring pain on his tailbone when he’d fallen. There was no mistaking the sensation of being shot, nor the absolute truth that he was about to die.So why was it that he was lying here, with his clothing stubbornly insisting that he was not in fact dead, and- perhaps more importantly- had never been shot at all?Was this… was this magic? Had someone used magic on him? Made it like he’d never been shot at all?He sits up, inspecting his chest more thoroughly this time; fingers fumbling to undo the buttons of his shirt in his anxiousness. He pushes away the shiver of power he feels as his thumb brushes against the Hallows pendant. His skin is clean and unmarked- well, except for the usual scars and marks- those he’s used to.It was as if nothing had ever happened to him.He didn’t know of any spells that could do that. And even if Hermione had managed to cast one- which was unlikely- it didn’t explain why he was wearing the same shirt as before…He stares suspiciously at the fabric of his button-down, thoughts racing through his head.There was the ever increasing likelihood that he’d never been shot at all. It was certainly possible; magic was more than capable of convincing you that untrue things were in fact true. Things like someone being shot, for instance. High-grade illusions like that were uncommon- most wizards preferred to do the real thing- but they weren’t unheard of.But who would even do that? The only person on this Earth that he knew definitively had the ability to use that kind of magic was-Which was a ridiculous idea. There was no way Sirius would do that. His godfather may have been getting cabin fever before Harry’s disastrous foray into the Department of Ministries, but he wasn’t mad. He certainly wouldn’t shoot him. Or pretend to shoot him. Besides that, how would he have even discovered he and Hermione had ended up here? It had been coming up to two decades since he’d seen his godfather fall through the Veil; there was no guarantee he was even alive still and their initial searches for him had turned up empty-handed.It had to be someone else; someone not on SHIELD’s radar. Or, someone who was on SHIELD’s radar, just as much as SHIELD was on theirs. None come to mind, but that’s hardly surprising.And why? Why pretend to shoot him and then leave him to wake up of his own accord?Harry flops back down onto the bed and stares up at the ceiling, his confusion returning in full force. The ceiling stares back impassively. It’s an old fashioned, deep red coloured wood; completely and radically different from the impeccably plastered white ceilings of the Tower (in a way, it reminds him of Grimmauld Place, but warmer, with less cobwebs and lacking the absurd levels of melancholy and depression the house seemed to unknowingly induce). In fact, he can’t imagine Tony ever owning a property with such ceiling décor. Which meant he probably wasn’t in any of Tony’s extensive list of properties.Curious, he sits back up,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Loki
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
Hermione Granger/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Post-Thor: The Dark World
LoL Ironman 3 what Ironman 3
Loki Does What He Wants
Master of Death Harry
Bromance
HP: EWE
Kidnapping
Mentor Loki
Or as close as he can get
Parallel Universes
Through the Veil
All of the Snark

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Loki
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
Hermione Granger/Tony Stark

