Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When his own flames suddenly turned on Killian, Tony knew something weird was up.When the man with faded red hair walked into view, he drew all of their attention. ‘All of this, just because these people said “no” to you? If you’d have gained your powers like us, they’d have been gone in a heartbeat.’Killian snarled and fired a blast of fire – or rather, tried to. It ended up flaring back over him and engulfed his whole body. Tony let out a low whistle as he watched. Killian screamed as the fire consumed him. Tony quickly glanced over and saw a young woman with long brown hair cutting the bonds on Pepper.A little bit of a blur after that. They clearly knew what they were doing and they worked fast. The brunette, it turned out, was an old friend of Pepper’s from her childhood hometown. Sharee Pertinicle was the daughter of the guy who’d initially put a good word in for Pep and got her into Yale University. She also had powers of her own.The only ones Tony saw then and there though were what she called the Mystic Arts, ‘for simplicity’s sake.’ That included gold-coloured bonds conjured out of thin air, and the ability to create portals. She used that for the third guy.He walked in, knelt down by the tied-up and cussing Killian, and took a hold on the back of his neck. The nut-job’s eyes went wide and he make a choked sound. The glowing embers of his pyrokinetic powers drifted up and faded away. When the guy stepped back, he nodded to the other two.‘What’d you bastards do to me?’ Killian demanded.‘I took your powers away,’ the third guy said in a generalised American accent. ‘And don’t think you’re getting them back.’‘No.’ Sharee walked over and grabbed him by the collar, dragging him over to a support beam and creating another golden rope to tie him to that. ‘You’re going into a straight-jacket in a padded room.’ He started screaming at her, so she picked up a rock and shoved it in his mouth. Then she walked over and folded her arms.‘How long have you been able to do that?’ Pepper asked from under his arm. The third guy had already removed the powers Killian had forced upon her, as per her request, and Tony had given her his jacket.Rather than answer directly, Sharee said, ‘Any regular guy on the street can learn the Mystic Arts if they can find someone willing to train them. Some people are more inclined to it than others, but it’s not exclusive.’ She nodded her head at Killian. ‘That’s actually pretty elementary.’‘Willing to train them?’ That came from the President, who Rhodey was leading down.Sharee frowned. ‘I opened a portal with this power to the other side of the world. It’s just as easy to open one to a black hole. You can understand why they’re very selective about who they train.’The nightmare images Tony saw then didn’t bear reliving. He managed to reel it in though and heard the President give a, somewhat shaky, affirmative answer. Then he noticed Sharee start looking around. She was really having a good look around. She looked up, around corners and through the steel bars.‘What are you looking for?’ Rhodey asked.‘Cap,’ she said. ‘I’d think the President being kidnapped by a pyrokinetic nut-job would be a flame to the proverbial moth.’Good point. Tony frowned and tapped his earpiece. ‘Hey, J. Where is Cap?’‘One moment, sir,’ JARVIS said. After that moment passed, he reported back. ‘He doesn’t appear to be aware of the situation.’‘How?’ the redhead asked. ‘It was splashed over every news station broadcasting.’‘Is that a rhetorical question?’ Sharee cocked an eyebrow at him. ‘You know the answer.’‘Unfortunately, I do: He obviously doesn’t pay any attention to the news.’ He frowned and looked at Tony. ‘Come to think of it, has he even undergone any integration programs.’Tony shook his head. ‘Not to my knowledge. I tried to give him some help but he didn’t want to hear it.’‘That doesn’t surprise me,’ Sharee said. ‘S.H.I.E.L.D.’s always been about exploiting rather than helping.’‘What do you mean?’ President Ellis asked.The three of them looked at each other.‘Do you have it?’ the redhead asked.‘I certainly do, Reuben.’ Sharee pulled off her backpack and opened the back pocket. She then extracted a thick file from inside. ‘These are the notes of one Otto Fabian. He was a citizen of Germany during World War II. During the War he infiltrated HYDRA – which, by the way, did not die with the Nazi Party because it was not a Nazi organisation. It was much, much older.’President Ellis sat down and held his hand out. Sharee walked over and gave him the folder.‘How did you get it?’ Ellis asked.‘We found it in among grandma’s stuff when we were moving her,’ Sharee said. ‘Even she didn’t know it was there. My best guess is that he determined her the safest place to hide the data and snuck it in before he died.’They were mostly silent after that. The President read through the file and the rest of them just sat down a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Original Female Character

freeform: 
Team Tony
Not Steve Friendly
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 3
x-over
MILD - Freeform

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Original Female Character

