Work Text:
 Souls are comparable to chemical reactions. Depending on external conditions, souls do anything from flicker, glow, explode and die out. Like stars, souls are brilliant, beautiful things; poetry in nuclear fission: natural, unstoppable; inevitable, all encased in human skin.They're the genesis of every living person in existence, and the thought that souls, a pair (or several) could've been birthed by the universe itself so close in proximity that they gravitate and orbit until they're colliding and crashing and becoming is romanticism at its finest.It's why Bucky's so enamored with them.He's waited patiently and impatiently in starts and stops throughout his life for his soulmate's words to appear on his skin for no other reason than the desire to know he has one at all, since the appearance of the soul words indicate nothing but the existence of the person who'd spoken them.Bucky knows that not all soulmates are meant to be romantically entangled. Some are meant to just be friends, companions, teachers, guides. Bucky doesn't care. He wants so badly to know he's not alone, and it's an ache he clings to when he's drafted, and when he's strapped to a table and tortured hour after hour.He hopes despite the lack of words on his skin that his situation is not a deal-breaker for his soulmate.He may lack their words, but his skin is hardly pristine. He's covered in scars and bruises and burns, some heal - fade - go pinker - turn white - but it feels like the damage is done.Still, he searches his body for any sign of a phrase, a letter, a punctuation, and hopes that the person meant for him won't think too poorly of his trauma, and the vices he accumulates in dealing with them. (He's certainly got his share of injuries from stupid night outs and shenanigans with his squad.)Soulmates can't help but gravitate and cling, but Bucky doesn't want his to feel obligated. He knows he's a mess, especially after he's rescued from Hydra, but he'll try - he will. He doesn't have just them to think of anyway.Steve - Steve needs him to be better, and Bucky doesn't want to let anyone down.---By the time he falls from the freight train, by the time he wakes up on another table with a yawning blankness for a consciousness; his skin is unmarked of scars and empty of words.He forgets why that bothers him.He forgets why he keeps looking for them.---When the Winter Soldier finally escapes almost a century later, he's surveying the produce aisle of a grocery store while the radio at the cash register runs through the news cycle of the day: The main story is about Iron Man. About Tony Stark. The Soldier isn't really paying that much attention. His skin is itching.When he reaches the register to pay for his groceries, still scratching at his skin, he doesn't have the time to think of the oddity of it: Super Serum prevents any kind of allergic reactions so what could this be? When all hell breaks loose.The Captain has found him.---Tony Stark doesn't say two words to him from the day they meet to the day he and Steve double team him in that Hydra Bunker.Not that Bucky can blame him. For all that Bucky has done - to Tony, to his family, to the team Tony has cobbled together and held together by sheer force of will - Steve has done worse: Betrayal never comes from strangers.Bucky finds that he's grateful for it.He remembers the dying light in a person's eyes, their soul extinguished when he snuffs their lives beneath his boots. He remembers. What he doesn't remember is the tragedy of being alive, of all the feelings that swirl like a storm around their souls brewing horrific survival from all the layers of hurt.It's like watching a supernova up close.It's impossible and terrifying, and Bucky doesn't want to be responsible for that kind of power, that kind of pain.He's seen the devastation in Tony's eyes up close; can practically feel the way his soul splinters and shatters and breaks in the way his body struggles to contain it as Tony fights through a haze of grief as cold and unrelenting as Steve's conviction: "He's my friend. He's my friend. He's my friend."Bucky's feverish with his refusal even as he's lost to the throes of the familiar bloodlust of the Winter Soldier.He has no stake in this. He doesn't know why he's here. He doesn't know anything. And he finds himself screaming through lips that don't move, but eyes that plead and beg: I didn't ask for this. I don't want this. Steve. Steve. You have to stop me. Stop me, Steve.Steve doesn't.Bucky's skin burns.---"How lucky," the Princess mocks, "you've got a soulmate."Bucky stares, uncomprehending. Until it clicks, loud and resounding; a bullet in a chamber.Her brows lift, unimpressed. "You don't know? The words are -""No," he interjects in a growl. "Don't. Just. Tell me where it is."He doesn't need her to, actually. He can feel the words now that someone else has pointed them out, running along the line of his collarbone. They feel branded into bone. The words won't go away. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

