Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Off The Rails.Chapter One.
The Problem Child.




“D’you think she’s mad?”“Do you care?”“Not really.”*

* Twitter was ablaze, partly outrage, partly admiration but as always seemed to be the case; Harley Stark was the center of discussion. The sixteen-year-old son of billionaire CEO’s Tony Stark and Pepper Potts had developed something of a reputation as the world’s foremost, but oddly likeable, wild child. @AmyWilliams2002Harley Stark is such a privileged little asshole. But he’s a very pretty privileged little asshole and I want to travel the world with him.75.3K Likes  104.8k retweets @ShannonEastwayY’all really out here stanning this spoiled ass white boy? [1/4]96.2k Likes 57.3k retweets @ShannonEastwayThis little asshole stole his father’s JET and took two friends to St. Tropez with no regard for his safety, the safety of his friends or the people his ass could have crash landed on [2/4]75.1k Likes 39.2k retweets @ShannonEastwayBut cos he got the right complexion, a cute face and flexed a bicep in his Instagram post I guess we just gonna let him get away with it again [3/4]54.3k Likes 25.1k retweets @ShannonEastwayPepper Potts come get your son. He ain’t right. (4/4)97.4k Likes 109.2k retweets @MikeFromRoseHillHarley Stark is the GOAT, man. What a legend.227.4k Likes 69.2k retweets @harleystarkfandom3000Omg ppl need to stop being so mean about harley!!! He’s such a kind and caring person and he’s allowed a freakin vacation!548 Likes 273 retweets @MattWyattWe’re all freaking out about Harley Stark stealing his dad’s jet but let’s focus on what’s really important here; his bicep.66.2k Likes 41.7k retweets @Flash_ThompsonI got to school with Harley Stark and can confirm he’s 100% a badass75 Likes 104 retweets
 
@MyFriendsCallMeMJ@Flash_Thompson I also go to school with him and confirm he’s just an ass.20 Likes 6 retweets @MyFriendsCallMeMJAlso, his dad literally made billions off of weapons dealing so….17 Likes 4 retweets @Ms.BettyBrantHarley Stark walks around our school like he owns it. Which, to be fair, he probably does117 Likes 203 retweets @Peter_ParkerHarley Stark has never made eye contact with me in my life.14 Likes 2 retweets* In another life, in another world, Harley Stark was not a spoiled rich kid. Maybe he was one of those rich kids who weren’t spoiled, maybe he was worse, maybe he was born into some poor town in the middle of Tennessee where nothing ever happened and no one ever left. It was all moot though, because Harley Stark was born into privilege and had grown up in front of the world’s eyes. He was the most famous teenager on the planet. Being the son of Tony Stark and Pepper Potts kind of guaranteed that.Harley was a genius. That much had been clear since he was an infant and was able to hold conversations (usually consisting of him colourfully adding to his father’s interviews) which had resulted in precious few grumbles about nepotism when Harley was accepted to Midtown Scholastic Academy, an academic school on which Tony was a board member. The whole world seemed to recognise that the boy had earned his place.Intelligence notwithstanding, Harley wasn’t exactly known for making the best or most rational decisions. What had initially been seen as simple childish antics when he was younger had taken hold and developed into full scale teenage rebellion by the time he was fifteen. It didn’t help that Harley seemed to revel, and almost crave, the attention that being the son of Iron Man and Time’s Woman Of The Year 2013 afforded him. Savvy and intelligent, he’d quickly cultivated an image for himself on social media and boasted millions of followers on both Instagram and Twitter.His posts detailing the inner life of the Avengers team, as well as a never-ending stream of prank videos, had attracted massive amounts of attention and soon enough the whole world seemed to revel and wait for the next instalment. What made it so easy for Harley was the fact that, like his father, he had charm and charisma coming out of his ears yet he’d also inherited his mother’s soft-eyes and soothing voice. Those elements, in addition to his blossoming good looks, had made Harley a heartthrob the whole world over. All at the sage of sixteen.Harley was adored and loathed in equal measure.Those who loathed him saw him as nothing more than overly privileged, arrogant, spoiled little brat who basked in the gifts afforded to him by accident of birth. Harley’s rebellious behaviour and seeming disregard for anything other than his latest whim were perceived as being the results of bad parenting. Of course, Tony Stark could never have had a kid and had him come out well adjusted. Tony Stark wasn’t well adjusted. Harley was too much his father’s son. And Tony was also a figure who was adored and loathed in equal measure. To many, Harley was nothing more than a self-centered little asshole (and maybe that was true).Those who adored him…well, they adored him. Harley was the ultimate voyeuri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Pepper Potts & Harley Keener
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Harry Osborn

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Harley Keener Needs a Hug
Bisexual Harley Keener
Bisexual Peter Parker
Harley Keener is Tony and Pepper's biological son
and a spoiled little shit
Child Abuse
Physical Abuse
Grooming
Sexual Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Mental Health Issues
Self-Harm

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Pepper Potts & Harley Keener
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Harry Osborn

