Chapter 1: I'm sorry I didn't notice
    


Summary:

Tony Stark finds his intern Peter Parker living in the alleyway by Stark Tower.TRIGGER WARNINGS: Mentions of past emotional/physical abuse from a parent, a small panic attack, PTSD symptoms, and while Peter doesn't have an eating disorder, his behavior/the descriptions may be triggering to some



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
I slammed my fist against the table in frustration as the program failed again. I’d been trying to code DUM-E to fix one of my suits for the past few hours, but none of the codes I put in seemed to be doing what I wanted them to. “Friday can you run a scan on this?”“Sir, I’ve scanned this three times already.”“Yeah yeah, I know, I just can’t figure out what’s up with it. I’ve had DUM-E fix my suits before, but it just doesn’t want to work today. Just try scanning it again.”“Alright. Scanning now,” Friday said. I walked to the window while Friday did another scan, and stared down at the city below. I wasn’t too far from the ground, my lab on the higher floor was being renovated, so I had to move down. It wasn’t bad down here, I can see things better from this height. Cars didn’t look like little lego pieces, they looked more like Hot Wheels. I also liked watching the people, I hadn’t realized how mesmerizing it was to just watch people walking and going about their day. I watched someone with a blue jacket walking down the sidewalk, and suddenly realized it was my intern, Peter Parker. I smiled, remembering how good he was with tech.  Maybe he can figure out what’s up with DUM-E , I thought. But Peter didn’t go into Stark Tower like I expected him to. He went down an alleyway on the side of Stark Tower, one that I knew for a fact lead to a dead end.  What the hell is he doing?I watched him until he was out of sight. Something wasn’t right. That alleyway doesn’t go anywhere. And he can’t be changing into his suit for patrol, he had an internship meeting with me in about five minutes, I was going to help him update his suit. So what the hell was he walking into a dead-end alleyway for?But now that I thought about it, I hadn’t heard from Pete in about a week. He usually left me messages and called me all the time, updating me on everything he saw while on patrol. But he hadn’t spoken with me once this week. I was so busy with meetings that I didn’t notice. A sick feeling formed in my stomach, guilt creeping into my chest. Clearly something was wrong. I had to find out what it was. It didn’t take me long to get down to the ground floor, and I rushed out the doors of the tower, becoming more and more worried with every second. I practically sprinted through the alleyway. “No, no no no! They’re gone! Oh god they’re all gone, fuck, no, no no no…”I froze, hearing Peter start to sob. My heart clenched at the sound of his voice cracking with misery. I rounded the corner.There was Peter, hands running through his hair as tears fell down his face. He was staring at a shopping cart, which was empty except for a half-full water bottle and an open trash bag. Peter looked thin and tired, and he had small patches of dirt all over his face and clothes. His tears actually made visible tracks through the grime on his cheeks. “Peter?” I said.Peter snapped up, his eyes wide with fear. I wasn’t used to people being afraid when they saw me, most of the time they looked happy to see someone coming along to help them.“Peter, what’s wrong? What’re you doing here, why--” and then I saw the tent set up in the corner.Peter looked like he was going to run for a moment, but as he realized I’d already figured it out, he started to cry even harder. He put his hands over his mouth, squeezing his eyes shut and looking very much as though he’d rather disappear. “Oh my god, Pete, hey, shhh, it’s okay,” I said, rushing to him and pushing his curls out of his face, trying to see his eyes. “Hey, hey it’s okay, kid. Can you tell me what’s wrong? I’m here to help kid, just tell me whats’ wrong, I can fix it.”“Aunt--Aunt May--” Peter said through broken sobs, “She, she kicked me out. She kicked me out last week. I couldn’t-- I didn’t know where else to go!”“It’s okay, it’s okay,” I said, pulling his hands away from his mouth so I could see his face. “S-so I came here, and I thought I’d stay here in case you needed me for a mission, but--but I had to get a job and--and now all my clothes got stolen--” Peter broke off with a sob.So that’s what he meant by “they’re all gone”. Someone had taken all his clothes.  His clothes were some of his only possessions , I realized, looking around the alleyway. And someone just took some of the last things Peter owned. “Do you want a hug kid?” I asked.“We’re there?” he said, looking hopeful for the first time.“Jesus, of course we’re there kid, come here,” I gathered him in my arms, holding him tightly to my chest. I had far too many questions. Why did his Aunt kick him out? How did I mi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Hurt Peter
Starvation
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Feels
Comfort/Angst
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Homeless Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Family Fluff
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Worried Tony Stark
Family Feels
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Food Issues
Food as a Metaphor for Love
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Abusive May Parker (Spider-Man)
Bisexual Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Has a Crush
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Poor Peter Parker
Adopted Peter Parker
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Protective Wade Wilson
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Wade Wilson is a Good Bro
Insecure Wade Wilson
Deadpool Thought Boxes
This is Deadpool from the Ultimate Spider-Man cartoon
NOT Deadpool from the movies
That means that him and Peter are the same age

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

