Chapter 1: Peter's Identity Reveal
    


Summary:

Peter? He can't be mine..He is such a nice kid, innocent, smartest kid ever. He's way too good of a kid to be Tony Stark's kid.. he can't be a Stark.. "Boss..""Friday results!" Tony yells shaking as if he already knows what that tone from Friday was."It's a 99.99% match. You are definitely Peter Parker's biological Father."Father? Father... Peter Parker's biological.. Father.. is me???





Chapter Text

Peter's Identity Reveal
   "Dude, you look like shit." Ned pats my back and I groan out, moving away from him."You try to have someone drop a building on you and let's see how you would feel the next morning." Peter groans out again, wincing as he straighten his back."Dude.. you what?""Remember the Vulture guy?""Liz' Dad?""Yes him.""Oh shit..""Yes.. I still have bruises all over.." It's not just bruises. Peter had to wrap up his chest up so his ribs can settle down. He had lacerations all over and he just put some more bandages. He's trying to hide an almost broken ankle that he's just enduring. He limps as he walks next to Ned going in their classroom. Luckily he got to finally sit down. "You sure you can make it okay the whole day?" Peter sighs placing his bag on top of his desk and his face over it."Yeah.. " Peter's voice muffled at the fabric of his bag. What Peter didn't know Ned is already texting Happy about his condition.The whole day Ned is on alert, his arms ready to catch Peter as soon as he falls which looks like he will. His limping is getting worse and his skin looks paler class after class. "Pete sit here first." Ned almost forces him to sit down."Huh?" Peter who's been wincing and staggering on the way to his last class cannot even comprehend what's happening anymore. He's in pain and he's tired. He just wants to go home, rest and let his super healing do the work. "Mr. Happy Sir.. are you here yet?" Ned grabs his phone quickly dialing Happy's number and as soon as Happy picks up he started panics. Peter almost slides off the wall.."Kid, don't worry--" Happy says on the other line and with them.. "He's there." "I'm here." Tony Stark just came hands already on Peter's shoulders to steady him."Pete.. Can you hear me? Can you walk?""Mr. Stark?" Peter blinks slowly and Tony frowns at how pale he is. He is paper white. Cold sweat dripping from his forehead down his chin. His lips are almost blue and Tony is trying his hardest not to panic. He breathes in. Pressing something on his watch and in just 5 seconds he's already suiting up in his IronMan suit.Thank God no students are in the hallway since everyone's already in their rooms."Mr. Stark Ironman Sir.. Peter said that he got a building drop on him. I'm.. just worried. He's been like this the whole day."Tony face pales behind his Ironman mask and he clench his teeth shut. Picking up Peter carefully in his arms. The cold alloy stings Peter's warm skin and he had to cry out in pain as Tony picks him up."Don't worry. I got him." And he quickly blasted out of the school. Arriving 3mins later in the medbay of his Tower.  "He has 4 broken ribs, 7 punctured wounds, and bruising everywhere. He also have internal bleeding so we had to open him up to check what's happening. It looks like he punctured his intestines with his broken ribs and they're setting up by his superhealing but they are setting up in the wrong place which is well.. right through his intestines and luckily not inside his stomach." The Doctor said and Dr. Banner pats his shoulder and then shakes his head, sighing as he takes his medical gloves off. "Tony.. he's healing factor is a big deal that the infection didn't spread in his system but early signs are showing. We're not even sure tetanus boosters works on his spiderman blood." Bruce says and he shakes his head amazed at how that 14 year old kid manage to stay alive after that."Tony? Tony breathe!" Bruce panics as he sat his friend down on the chairs outside the O.R. Tony's face pale and his lips dried up so did his throat. He shakily grabs on Bruce's arms as he tries to calm down hs ragged breathing."I-Is he even okay? O-or are you just saying that the kid's dying?!" Tony takes a sharp in take of breath in as his hands shakily fist on his messy hair."Ton--Tony calm down! You're having a panic attack. The kid is okay. He's going to be okay. I told you his healing ability in on a superhuman level. Peter is safe." Bruce says over and over again until his friend finally calms down. Face still pale, Tony looks up at Bruce and one of the surgeons he has NDA with. One of Helen and Bruce's colleagues too."Your son's going to be okay, Mr. Stark." The Doctor said who had no idea who the kid was. He just know he's superhuman. He doesn't even know the kid is spiderman. All he knows or had an idea about is. The kid is Tony Stark's. He's been working with Dr. Helen Cho and the Avengers to not question mutant level abilities.  "What did you just said?""Your son's going to be--""He's not mine.." T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
He's 14
Domestic Avengers
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Sick Peter Parker
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Aunt Natasha Romanov
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Uncle Clint Barton
Uncle Happy Hogan
Uncle Bruce Banner
Sensory Overload
Irondad
spiderson

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

