Chapter 1: Miles Can't Tell Lies
    


Notes:

 Edit: this fic has been gaining a ton of traction recently, which I would love to know how!? Anyway hi and thank you to everyone who is reading this for the first time or reading this again! I've gone through and made some much-needed edits to the entire fic and added in some new minor things when it's needed.

 Edit #2: Happy 2 year anniversary to the day I started/uploaded the first chapter of this fic! Even two years later, I'm still, genuinely, surprised by all the love, likes, and comments this work still gets. Even though I have a lot of feelings surrounding this fic, I always get surprised when someone leaves a comment gushing about how much they love this work that I slapped together in a single afternoon. I always felt that this fic could be better, that I had hangups surrounding this work that felt like it wasn't the best that I could have given everyone. But it delights me that people love this work, with all of its grammatical mistakes and everything. So for it's 2nd anniversary I decided to give you guys a treat! I gave this fic a much needed update, fixed grammatical errors, added some extra scenes to make the story flow a little better, and even made a special edition chapter for the anniversary! I don't know if people will see this update and its changes, but I just want to say thank you to everyone again for leaving a kudo, comment or bookmarking this fic!





Chapter Text
It’s a nice night in New York City, or it would be if Rio Morales wasn’t currently standing on the stoop of the family home. Her foot tapping against the hard concrete, phone in hand, just a few seconds away from calling Jefferson—who’s on his way home after his shift—to tell him that their son’s school just called her to report that he wasn’t on campus.She’s about to call her husband when she sees her son rounding the corner of their block. He seems to suck in his breath, body going rigid upon seeing her standing outside of the family home. His eyes dart to her non-dominant hand, it’s empty, he seems to visibly relax that there’s no sandal clutched tightly in her hand.He’s seen her aim with one before and he swears, she managed to curve it around the corner of a wall and hit him square in the back of the head once.She watches Miles shove his hands into the pockets of the hoodie he’s wearing. It’s only when he takes a couple of steps forward that she notices the middle-aged man walking beside him. He’s ruggedly handsome in a looks like he sometimes works out, but also has slept in the subway at least once type way.Miles clearly knows him by the way he wordlessly assures the man when he tosses Miles an apprehensive “I told you this wasn’t going to work” look.“Miles,” Rio all but barks when her son approaches the steps of their home. She glances from him to the man beside him, taking in his unshaven face and faded green jacket zipped up over an even more faded gray hoodie. Pizza grease stains the jacket. Her eyes narrow with suspicion at his unkempt appearance and she really considers that her son just happened to meet this possible homeless man in the subway and for some reason considered it to be a good idea to bring him home. “Gonzalo Morales.”Miles winces at his own name.“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t go inside of the house and grab my slipper.” Rio crosses her arms in front of herself. Miles tips his head back to stare at her, the terrifying vision of a giantess come to life. Ready to squash her own son with her heel.Miles feel’s sweat roll down the back of his neck. He can feel the arms of his ancestors thrown open wide to greet him once his own mother grabs her slipper, intent on murdering with how pissed she looks.Rio jerks her chin at the man beside him, he seems to cower beneath her fierce gaze as well. “Who is that?” She’d been concerned that her son was missing from school; apparently, no one, not even his roommate, had seen him all day. At first, she’d brushed her worries away, attempted to rationalize them. Her son had never been the type to skip classes before, sure he was a teenager, but he wasn’t like other teenagers. He was sweet, with a gentle heart of gold that often got him into situations he shouldn’t be in.She expected him to come home with a stray pet. Give her some convoluted story about how this stray dog or cat just needed to stay at their home. What she didn’t expect Miles to do was come home with a whole stray human.“Miles!” She yells his name when he doesn’t answer her.Miles nearly jumps out of his own skin. He’s sweating bullets at this point. He thinks this is the worst day of his life. A day that gets, even more, worse when his dad’s cruiser pulls up to the curb. Jefferson gets out, slams the door shut, and strolls up, his 6-foot 2-inch frame cutting an impressive and terrifying figure as he approaches his family.“Rio? Miles?” Jefferson’s lips twitch into a thin line as his eyes dart from his wife to his son. “What’s going on? Why are y’a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Aaron Davis/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Aaron Davis/Monica Rambeau

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Fake Marriage
Enemies to Lovers
Interracial Relationship
Prowler is a Anti Hero now
Aaron and Peter have a marital dispute
Don't tell me the Avengers don't hang out together after a major mission
They probably order out as a victory meal
MJ and Peter are friends
Breaking the Fourth Wall
I don't know how or why this many people decided to read what started off as a crack fic
but it's terrifying
like waking up one day to discover a whole civilization is worshipping you
and it's so confusing but you decide to just roll with it

fandom: 
Aaron Davis/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Aaron Davis/Monica Rambeau

