Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter could swear some days that he was the living embodiment of bad luck. He had thought that he had kept track of his absences but apparently not so, as Mr. Harrington had just informed him.10 MINS EARLIER"Now that practice is over for the day, it's time for a bit of good news," Mr. Harrington announced. Heads swivelled as the teens scattered around the room tuned into their teachers vice. "Due to the teams spectacular performance at nationals-" the teacher was cut off as cheers went up around the room."AS I was saying, "Mr. Harrington stressed when the cheers died down, "due to the teams performance at nationals, we as representatives of Midtown, have been invited on an exclusive tour with one of the world largest companies. Now, in the spirit of a bit of fun, the school has decided to keep you on your toes and keep the destination a secret. I can however let you know that it will be undertaken in two weeks to today."The news that they wouldn't be told where they were going was met with exasperated sighs and shaking heads. Students curing the faculty for what now seemed the billionth time, nothing was ever straightforward. "Now, now. I know your all going to love it when we get there, and if I'm being honest with you, even I am excited for this trip. It truly isn't something you get the chance to do every day," Harrington placated. "Alright, grab a form on your way out, and I expect it back to me at practice next week. Mr. Parker, hang back please, I need to speak with you for a second."Students around the room packed up and headed for the door, Mr, Harrington ensuring that each collected their form. Peter bit his lip, nerves on end as he stuffed his textbooks into his bag. This couldn't be good. Every time Harrington glanced at him, it was with this pinched look. The teen said a reluctant goodbye to Ned, as his friend shuffled out the door and into the corridor. After the room had cleared, Peter sidled up to where his teacher now sat at the front of the room."You wanted to speak with me sir?" Peter asked, attempting to avoid direct eye contact. Now it was Mr. Harrington's turn to sigh, "You know Peter, you're one of the best kids I have. Honestly in my opinion you should already be at college rather than stuck around here. But just because you probably already know the content doesn't give you an excuse to skip school." Shit, Peter thought, he thought that he had kept track of his missed days. Was he going to be kicked off the team? Harrington continued, oblivious to Peter's internal panic, "I know what the team means to you, it's a place that you can actually extend yourself. It's the reason why I keep you on the team, but you can expect that there wouldn't be any consequences. I'm sorry Peter, but the school has decided that as punishment you won't be attending the field trip with the rest of the team. On the day of the field trip you won't be required to attend school as the faculty has decided to use one departmentally mandated teacher planning days. I really an sorry Pete."Peter felt as if he had been slapped in the face, although the little voice in the back of his head whispered that it could have been much worse. He managed a jerky nod and turned away from the teachers desk.
And so this is how Peter finds himself wandering down the now empty school halls cursing his bad luck and his apparent lack of attendance. One blessing though that he wasn't required to school his face at school the day of the field trip. Peter can just imagine that Flash would have given him before the team would have left for their mystery tour. Looking up from his feet, the teen caught sight of Ned and MJ hovering at the schools entrance, obviously waiting for him."What's with the long face nerd?" MJ questioned, taking in the utterly dejected look that had overtaken Peter's face. Ned looked up from his phone and nodded as if seconding MJ's question.Peter sighed, "I can't go on the field trip, missed to many days of school apparently."Ned grimaced, "That's shit man, I thought you were keeping an eye on that?"" So did I Ned," Peter replied, "so did I, apparently not well enough though." The three moved from the entrance, heading down the stairs and onto the street."Well Parker, if there's one thing to be glad of at least, it's one less day of listening to Flash's crap,
"MJ quipped in an obvious attempt to make him feel better. "It's probably going to be shit anyway, capitalism and all that.""MJ's right Peter, in fact I'm almost jealous," was Ned's follow on, giving the other teen a supportive pat on the back, "I'll see you tomorrow man.""Yeah, see you tomorrow," he said throwing a small wave after his best friend as Ned made his way to where his parents car was waiting."Later Loser," MJ called as she turned and made her way down the street to the bus stand."By MJ."Peter turned in the opposite direction, down the street, wandering around the corner to where a black Audi was waiting idle. The teen b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Or not
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Stark - Freeform
Iron-Dad
Spider-son
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
but really
Peter Parker is a Mess
and
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Harley Keener is a little shit
Protective Harley Keener
The Avengers are a Mess
Team as Family
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
some amount of creative liberty
Everyone Is Alive
Stark Tower
Peter Parker Is Petty
Flash is a dick
and everyone knows it
Might add more tags later

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

