Work Text:
Steve stumbled into the bathroom of a random hotel, fingers trembling as he undid his pants. He pushed them down, along with his underwear and his hard, leaking cock sprung out at full attention. He cursed silently as he took his dick in his hand and started jacking off furiously. Damn that stupid magician. He was on a mission, a spontaneous quest to stop a sorcerer who was terrorizing the town. Steve put an end to it, knocking the man unconscious, but not before he was hit with a blast of red energy that did nothing at the time so he just brushed it off. But half an hour later, as he was driving home, he was suddenly hit with this urge, this itch under his skin that made his skin feel hot and his cock swell up. He immediately parked the car and ran into the nearest rest stop. Closing his eyes, he wasn't surprised that he came in minutes, his semen coating his hands and the toilet.But he was still hard. In fact, it felt like he hadn't had a release at all. His hands moved on their own accords and jerked off againAnd again.And again. Steve stared down at his still erect penis and the bathroom that was now coated in cum. What the hell? What was going on?Clearly he was hit with some weird...sex spell that always kept him needy. But getting release wasn't the answer then what was?He racked his brain as he cleaned the stall, wondering who he could contact to get answers, of if he should just let it go away naturally (which it hopefully will).The only person he could think of was, of course, his lovely wife Natasha Stark. His cock suddenly surged more with excitement as he thought of her. Huh. Interesting. He took out his phone and called her, praying that she picks up. Thankfully, she did: “Steve?”His cock throbbed and he started to jerk off again. For whatever reason, the sound of her voice was doing something to him. “Hah...Tasha.”
 “Steve? Is everything ok? You sound weird.” 
“Probably because i’m jacking off in a stall,” he said, not caring if other guys are around and could hear him. “The fu-Steve! I’m in a meeting right now!” she hissed, “just watch porn like a regular weirdo in bathrooms. I’m hanging up.”  “No! No, Tasha, please.” he begged, jerking his cock faster and faster. He was so close, “Don’t hang up, please. It’s not normal.”
 “What’s not normal.” 
“Me. Somethings happened. I need help.” he was sure she could hear the squelching sound over the phone.
 “Help- wha- Steve, what's going on?” 
“C-Call me Captain.” he requested.
 “What?” 
“Call me Captain.”
 “Ok...What are you high on, Captain?” 
And that was enough to push him over the edge. Biting his lip to not scream, he ejaculated again, only this time it felt actually satisfying.But it wasn't enough. It felt like only the tiniest fraction of the pain was gone. He needed to fuck. He needed to fuck her. “Come home.” he groaned out, tucking himself the best he could back into his pants.
 “I’m in a meeting!” 
“So?” he got more toilet paper and cleaned up the mess, “You never care about the meetings, don't start now.” he dumped away the mess and walked out of the bathroom stalls, “Just tell them your husbands dying.”
 “Are you? Are you dying?” 
“I will be if you don't come home.” and he hung up, racing to his car.~~~~~Natasha bit her thumb nervously, her feet tapping as her elevator took her up to their suite. Steve’s call kept her on edge. She knew he wasn't in any danger and wasn't actually dying, but his behavior was out of the ordinary. Well, not exactly. The man wasn't above sexting her when she was at work, but never when she was in a meeting. The doors finally opened, and she walked out, her heels clicking onto the marbled floor. She hadn't even taken two steps before:“Honey- oof!” Natasha called out to Steve before being immediately tackled, kissed ruthlessly. Steve pushed her up against a wall harshly, mouth over hers as he desperately made out with her, his hands fumbling on the buttons of her suit. “Steve!” Natasha exclaimed, breaking off the kiss with a lot of effort, but then moaning loudly as he simply attached himself to her neck, sucking a massive bruise on her. “What- ah, fuck- What’s gotten into you?” she looked at her husband. His cheeks were flushed, his pupils blown open, clearly horny. And if that wasn't enough, he was practically naked, wearing only his underwear, where it was clear how rock hard his cock was. He pulled away enough to groan out an explanation: “Villain...Magic guy hit me with something...Have to fuck you, I need to fuck you.”Now, Natasha was a brash woman and wasn't above dirty talking and flirting. Especially since she knew how much it riled Steve up. He had quite a potty mouth himself, and was more efficient in using it.But this...this was something different. It was raw, primal. Desperate.“Let me fuck you,” he begged, ripping open her shirt, not caring of the buttons that flew off, “Let me fuck a baby into you.”Natasha’s breath hitched. As with most couples that had been married for awhile, they had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark

freeform: 
Sex
Rough Sex
Vaginal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Impregnation
Impregnation Kink
Breeding
Breeding Kink
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Top Steve Rogers
no tags for natasha
so read: tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Bottom Tony Stark
Fucking
Fucking Machines
Married Couple
Married Life
Married Sex
So Married
baby making sex
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Come Inflation
Creampie
Pregnancy Kink
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Sexual Fantasy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark

