Chapter 1: A Blip in the Trip
    


Summary:

Your camping trip nearly ends, and a surprise awaits you at the bonfire.





Chapter Text
It was a normal jog until you saw him.
You pulled out your phone and lowered the volume of your music when you noticed him: the man chopping wood over a tree stump with an axe. He stood uphill about 15 meters away from you, cycling from picking up cylinder logs to swinging his axe over them on the tree stump.
The both of you stared at each other in the distance, the whole world going silent in your shared moment.
You watched him on, mouth agape.
His eyes were in a trance of some kind as he studied you intently. You had no idea what drove his intense gaze. His ocean hazel irises dark—like he had just discovered something incredible for the first time in his whole life.
As if his life-long search was over.
That connection was mutual between you two, a soft voice telling you that you’ve known this man—or that you were meant to know him, somehow.
His brown hair skimmed down to his shoulders, and you swallowed the saliva that pooled in your mouth. He wore multiple layers for the cool morning and a single glove over his left hand. The outlines of his muscles were visible under the jacket, giving you a good general idea of what was underneath.
You could have described him as beautiful if the encounter wasn’t so… creepy.
It was a cold morning in the forest you were jogging in, but the chills running up your arms were undoubtedly coming from the man staring at you. Even if it wasn’t visible in his features, there was a subtle aura coming from him that unsettled you.
The man’s gaze was like a hunger—a hunger that he’d been holding back for years.
You slowly turned back on the path. His stare lingered at you as you went on your way. Only when you were completely gone from his vision did he step back to his pile of logs and continue chopping wood again.
The party was just about ready. The logs for the bonfire were set up, and the beer kegs were ready.
God, you hadn’t remembered parties like this since college. Heck, you didn’t even remember going to them, but you couldn’t deny that being at this party now made you feel younger.
Your friend Kyra was celebrating her birthday with a weekend camping trip and a party. She had invited you and everyone else she could get her hands on to celebrate with her.
The campsite was large for sure. There were many other here people using this site for their own camping vacations, but she had reserved nearly half of the place for herself.
Yeah… She had a lot of money to spend.
But it didn’t bug you. You’ve been using this camping trip to go hiking and enjoy the view. You had a nice relaxing swim at the lake a mile from the campsite without anyone bothering you.
Even though the campsite was large, it was just at the outskirts of the larger mountains and forest surrounding it. These woods were basically an isolated paradise from society. Or as you liked to describe it, a vacation of stress relief.
Today was everyone’s last day at the camp. Kyra planned for the party to go on through the day before lighting the bonfire into the night, and then everyone would leave the next morning.
The heat was finally setting in. Everyone was in their swimsuits and bikinis and ready to take a dip in the lake. You had your own two-piece on, but you also topped it off with a baggy tee. You’d rather just chill with friends for now than go for a swim.
You’ve only drank a bottle of beer so far and you were going to keep your limit to three. None of the hard liquors. You wanted to get through the night in one peace.
“Hey! Y/N come here! I want to introduce you to someone!” Kyra pulled you by the arm out from the circle of people you were chatting with.
“Again?” you huffed and rolled your eyes playfully.
“No girl! For real this time, I’ve been talking to this god of a hunk that crashed the party—I think he’s from the other side of the camp. You just gotta see him. Please be my wing woman! Whatever I say, he won’t get into my pants!”
“Are you serious?” You asked, baffled, “Thee Kyra Jefferson? The woman who can get anyone she wants in bed being challenged of her mighty power?” You laughed at her.
She smacked you in the arm. “Just butter me up for him, okay? That’s all I ask.”
You deadpanned. You knew enough what she meant by ‘butter her up’. Have the average girl stand next to the pretty model and anyone would choose her. She just needed you to make the conversations flow before she made her move.
The two of you brushed through the crowd before stopping behind the man. You swallowed hard.
He stood above six feet, shirtless. Even from the back, you could see the muscles rippling down his shoulders and arms. You repressed a hum when you admired the shape of his toned ass from his shorts.
His hair was beautifully golden, cropped chaotically on the sides, but somehow enhancing the man’s features.
Kyra went over to the man and pulled his arm. “Hey babe this is my friend I’ve been tel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
thor Odinson/reader
Loki Laufeyson/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha!Steve Rogers
Alpha!Bucky Barnes
Alpha!Thor Odinson
Alpha!Loki Laufeyson
omega!reader
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Camping
Kidnapping
Rape/Non-con Elements
Breeding
Knotting
Forced Pregnancy
Forced Orgasm
Conditioning
Grooming
Forests
Cabins
Emotional Manipulation
Bondage
Creampie
Sexual Violence
Gags
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Torture
Psychological Torture
Imprisonment
Physical Abuse
Blood
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
thor Odinson/reader
Loki Laufeyson/Reader

