Work Text:
 ''Uh…h-hey, Sergeant Barnes.''The man perched on the edge of the fire escape turned to look at him over his shoulder.''Hey, kid.''''What, uh, what are you doing up here, sir?''Bucky snorted at the moniker. ''Do I look like I go by the name sir? Just call me Bucky.''Peter nodded, scratching the back of his head. ''Okay, Bucky, um…why are you up here? Shouldn’t you be at the tower?''''What, a guy can’t go for a walk now and then?''A smirk appeared on Bucky’s face as Peter stammered out a response and he waved the hand of his metal arm in dismissal. ''Just needed some air, that’s all.''Peter took an uncertain step forward, dithering for a moment, before a small nod from Bucky had him joining the man on the rooftop edge. He kicked his legs out in a steady rhythm, looking out at the glittering skyline, unsure of what to say.Peter didn’t know Bucky very well. He knew the stories, the history of the Winter Soldier and the brainwashing Bucky had suffered at the hands of Hydra. He knew that there had been a huge fight in Siberia which had left Tony near dead and Captain Rogers on the run with half of the Avengers, and he knew that it had taken a long time to resolve the problems with the Accords.In fact, the problems were still being resolved.A deal had been struck which meant that the rogue Avengers and a fresh out of cryostasis Bucky would receive a full and public pardon and exoneration if they agreed to a certain number of terms; one being that they make either Stark Tower or the Avengers compound their permanent place of residence for the foreseeable future. It wasn’t house arrest but it wasn’t complete freedom either. It would be the way of things until a full agreement was made on all terms and conditions, and there was no telling how long that would take.Tony hadn’t been thrilled about the idea. In fact, he’d been as angry as Peter had ever seen him. An accidental interruption of one of many phone calls with Fury had left Peter vowing to never, ever get on Tony’s bad side.Ferry incident aside, of course.It hadn’t been as bad as Peter expected though. He knew that despite his outward hostility and reluctance, Tony actually wanted to help, because the fallout had never been something that he wanted. It had been the very thing that he’d tried so hard to prevent from happening and a more bitter side of Peter resented Steve and the others for even showing up after what they did.But the better part of him knew what all of it was worth. The look on Tony’s face when the group had stepped out of the elevator had spoken volumes, even if it had been rapidly covered up a weary, media-practised front consisting of harsh eyes and a stretched smile.After those first few turbulent days in which Peter would come by to the tower expecting a bloodbath and finding nothing but a fragile kind of peace, he found his inner fanboy practically trembling in giddy excitement at being in the presence of the Avengers, current or otherwise. Thor and Bruce had crashed back to Earth a few months previous and had quickly set up camp in the tower, so it wasn’t totally unusual for Peter to interact with them every so often, but somehow everything felt different now and the events of Germany seemed a long way off from the bizarrely domestic environment Peter found himself in.Hawkeye and Doctor Banner arguing over a chat show featuring some convoluted family domestic; Black Widow sitting cross legged on the kitchen counter eating a bowl of cereal and reading a paper over Falcon’s shoulder while Thor cursed a blue streak at the toaster. Wanda and Vision had decided to reside at the compound, no doubt for the peace and quiet that came from not being directly in the city, but Peter had caught the odd glimpse of them every now and then, along with a dark haired guy who he later discovered to be Scott Lang, the guy who had swatted him out of the air after Peter had tangled his legs in webbing.Peter saw Bucky once on the first day, looking awkward with his eyes sweeping the room for every possible exit, but had not seen anything of him since. His presence in the tower was part of the deal; though his name had been publicly cleared, neither Fury or Steve were willing to simply just throw the man back into civilisation and leave him to it, so it was agreed he would stay at the tower. Peter wondered if Bucky would have preferred to stay in Wakanda; he’d heard it was pretty awesome there.Peter knew Tony had gone to great lengths to ensure that the two of them would never cross paths. Bucky’s room was several floors away from the rest, as far as it could be from the penthouse, and Peter had overheard Tony programming a few new alerts into FRIDAY so that there was no chance of them encountering one another.Then there was Steve and Tony. For all the hostility still lingering between them, it wasn’t long before they were spending a lot of time together outside of any discussions relating to the Accords, of which there were many. It clearly wasn’t e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bonding
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker Whump
Peter and Bucky hang out a lot
Angst and Humor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluffy Ending
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Arguing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

