Chapter 1: Proposal
    




Chapter Text
Peter had freaking out the whole time. He had been planning this night for months and now it’s finally the moment. He could feel his heart pounding against his chest and he was just trying to keep his breath steady. 
He was going to propose to MJ.
He’d known he’s loved her since they were teenagers. How could he not? With her brains, her wit, and of course her beauty, well Peter just felt like he was the luckiest guy in the world that she loved him through everything. And they had been through everything. But she was still standing by him, even after all the mayhem and mishaps of him being Spider-Man. 
They were at the lake cabin at a barbecue. Happy was manning the grill, trying to hide his obvious flirting with May. Even though the tow of them had been together, he knew Happy tried to tone it down when Peter was around as a sort of respect towards him. But Peter could barely notice that with how nervous he was.
MJ was sitting by the dock playing with Morgan. He couldn’t help but smile watching MJ play with Morgan, who really was like a little sister to him.
“Quit waiting.” He turned to see Tony standing next to him. “It’s your moment kid. Good luck.” Peter smiled nervously before walking over to MJ and Morgan.
“Peter!” Morgan said with a smile on her face. “MJ and I were just skipping stones.”
“How many did you get?” Peter asked, smiling at the younger girl.
“Four skips,” Morgan said with a smile. “But MJ got six. She’s so cool.” MJ smiled at Morgan and Peter chuckled a little. “Oh, my dad’s calling for me.” Peter turned his head as Morgan ran towards where Tony was standing. Tony gave Peter a subtle thumbs up before turning away. Peter let out a breath before turning towards where MJ was sitting. 
“Your sister’s cute,” MJ said. “But you know that already.”
“Yeah Morgan’s the best,” Peter said, digging his hands into his pocket. He could feel the velvet lining of the ring box. It felt like the damn thing was burning a hole in his pocket. 
“You’re being weirdly quiet, loser,” MJ said, moving towards him. “What’s going on in that adorably hectic mind of yours?” He felt himself melt at little at her smile. His hand ran across the box in his pocket and he sighed internally.
It was now or never.
“I’ve, uh, been thinking a lot lately,” He began, glancing over at the water. Looking at the water was relaxing, because at the moment his heart was pounding in his chest. “About the future and us.”
“This could go either two ways,” MJ said. Peter glanced over at her. Her face was even, but he could’ve sworn he saw a hint of a smirk on her face. “So, you should maybe not be so nervous. It’s just me Peter.” She reached out and laced her fingers with his. 
“You always know what to say,” Peter said with a smile. “I love you. You know that, I know that. And I’m ready to make the next step if you are.” A small smile crossed MJ’s face as Peter let go of his hand and got down on one knee. He pulled the ring box out of his pocket and opened it. “Michelle Jones, will you marry me?”
“Took you long enough,” MJ said, the smile on her face only growing. Peter just smiled, though realized she hadn’t answered his question yet. “And yes dork, I will marry you.” Peter’s smile only grew as he slipped the ring onto her finger. And then he was up and kissing her, leaning slightly up on his toes to reach her. MJ wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. And in that moment, Peter felt like his heart was soaring. He pulled away and looked into her eyes and smiled. She had said yes, they were getting married.
“Oh, we have to tell everyone!” MJ just laughed but nodded. “I mean they knew I was doing this but still. You said yes! Oh man, they’re going to be so excited!” MJ just laughed again and nodded, tugging him away from the dock and towards the barbecue. 
“Well, who do you want to tell first?” She asked. But as they reached the rest of the group, Peter realized he didn’t have to pick. Everyone was sitting at the table Happy and Tony had set up in the yard. 
“Well kid?” Tony asked as Peter and MJ approached. 
“She said yes!” May shrieked with delight and ran over, hugging Peter tightly. Tony watched as Peter laughed, even as May spoke quickly and littered his face with kisses. Morgan was excitedly talking to MJ about MJ becoming her new big sister, which only made Peter who was half listening to them beam. Pepper was standing near Morgan, smiling at her daughter’s excited conversation. Happy stood next to May, a hand on Peter’s shoulder, as he was never a man of many words. 
Tony watched all of this, a smile on his face. He couldn’t believe he was getting to witness this moment. There were so many times when he thought these happy moments were gone. There was the first snap where he had lost Peter; lost someone who was family, who had grown to be like a son to him. He had been inconsolable, like it was his fault Peter was gone. And then there was the sacrifice he made to save the universe, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Teen Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Romance
Marriage Proposal
Tony Stark Lives
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
What Endgame ending?
Not Canon Compliant
Team as Family
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Pregnancy
Drabble Collection
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Battle of New York (Marvel)
Mind Control
Sensory Overload
Paparazzi
Protective Tony Stark
Everyone Thinks Peter is Tony's Kid
Hurt Peter Parker
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Stark Industries
Female Peter Parker
Adoption
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Alternate Universe
Appendicitis
Surgery
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Kidnapping
Whump
Fluff
Possession
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Sickfic
Worried Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

