Chapter 1: Yo, Peter Parker he was just 14...
    


Notes:
First Revision:1/28/20Second Revision: 3/12/21




Chapter Text

 
 
Midtown School of Science and Technology - March 22, 2016 
The final bell rang, the sound of blessed release, and everyone scrambled out of their seats. Mr. Palmer, the ninth grade AP Biology teacher, droned out end-of-class announcements sitting at his desk. “We have a quiz tomorrow, and Friday is our class field trip to Oscorp. I'm still missing three permission slips. You know who you are. Please deliver those to me by tomorrow.” By the end of the teacher's spiel, two-thirds of the class had long since gone, and the other third followed not far behind them.But not Peter Parker.With grudging reluctance, Peter rose from his seat, slinging his battered backpack onto his shoulder. He readjusted his glasses and shuffled over to Mr. Palmer’s desk, like a dead man to the gallows. Standing there for a moment he wiped his sweaty palms against his jeans pants. Mr. Palmer kept his eyes on his computer, engrossed with whatever was on the screen. Peter shifted on his feet, waiting a few moments, before clearing his throat to gain his teacher's attention.  “What do you want?” droned the man, not looking up from his computer.Peter took a deep breath. “Yeah, so I wanted to ask about the genetics project you mentioned during class. You said we needed to use our family's DNA to see how diseases pass through members and talk about how the technology we use is still imprecise. Then write about where our families are from, and how it differs from family member to family member, and um the whole project basically?” Peter rambled.  “It sounds cool and kinda easy considering the supper big final and other stuff due, but, um… well, I have no clue how well I can do on it." Peter ended his spiel on a hard-to-hear mumble.“You live with your Aunt and Uncle, right?” Mr. Palmer's tone stayed flat and bored. Peter cringed. He hated reminding people his parents were dead. Flash did it enough for him.“Yeah, and I’m only actually related to my uncle. I don’t have any other family, not even May's adopted family because they're dead, so… yeah.”Peter internally groaned; oh God, let this torture end soon. Why was he such a mess all the time? “Um… well thank you for bringing this to my attention Mr. Parker. Can you think of an alternative solution to uh… compensate for the lack of data available?” Mr. Palmer kept his eyes glued to his computer screen. Peter rolled his eyes to the ceiling, hoping for the patience to deal with this moron. “You want me to invent a solution for my whole family being dead?” “No, I meant…" at last, the man turned towards Peter. "Look, Mr. Parker, uh... you can do as much of the project as possible with you and your uncle's DNA. Put the effort in and I won’t dock points on length or cross-examination. Your grade is the highest in the class. Make an A on the final, and I’ll turn the project grade to a classwork grade, and we’ll call it even.” The teacher viewed him with a pitying indifference, making Peter's ears burn. Peter nodded in agreement and left, desperate for the conversation to end as much as his teacher.Peter never wanted special treatment. He wanted to be normal. Now, he'd show off a modified project and call attention to different, wimpy, nerdy, Penis Parker. Days like today, the idea of crawling under a rock and never coming out sounded ridiculously appealing.The other students rushed to leave, clearing out the hallways. Peter trekked to his locker and picked the books he needed for homework.“Hey, dude!” called Ned from behind him. Peter, startled, dropped his math textbook on his foot. He crouched to grab it, glaring at Ned.“Geeze, give me a warning would ya.” Peter placed the offending textbook in his locker. He wouldn't need it. He completed the math homework before the teacher even finished the lesson. “Sorry man. Still on for a sleepover tonight though?" Ned always invited Peter over so they could build new Lego sets together. Peter smiled at his friend's excitement. “Yeah, we are. But it's not a sleepover, we’re fourteen not four. It's not cool. We're just, ya know, hanging out.” Peter closed his locker, shrugging his bag over his shoulder. He winced at the weight. Even with half his homework finished he still needed three textbooks. He would suffer from back problems by twenty at this rate. “You're fourteen, I'm fifteen, and dude, who cares about cool when legos exist?" Ned grabbed his phone and showed Peter an unopened box of Legos sitting on Ned's bed. Peter grinned, excitement bubbling through him. “Yeah, you're right! Come on let's ditch this place.”
The Parker’s Apartment – March 23, 2016
Peter sprawled on the couch watching mindless TV. His finished homework sat in his bag. His phone - old and cracked and rescued from a dumpster - sat idle on his lap. Since he arrived home an hour ago, he texted Ned, checked his Twitter account, texted Ned again, and read six pirate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Mysteries
Secrets
Not Canon Compliant
Hydra
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Friendship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker-centric
Ned and Peter friendship
We stan Ned Leeds

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

