Chapter 1: Feeding Time
    




Chapter Text

 “Down.” 

Loki assumed his  down position; kneeling, his elbows, hands, and forehead on the ground. His knees ached on the hard floor. They were always bruised and sore, never getting a chance to heal. Loki kept any trace of discomfort from his face though. Anything that could be interpreted as resistance, or insolence, or even just independent thought would result in more training.

 “Floor.” 

The next command came a mere few minutes after the last. It was a mercy that he was not left for hours, the whole night, or for days and days. It had happened before. Loki's nerve endings sparked at the few moments delay and he scrambled to the  floor position; face-down, flat on the ground, arms and legs spread.
The floor of his cell was cold, harsh metal against his bare skin. The freezing burn of it was painful, but not painful enough for him to risk moving. Moving from his assigned position meant more training. He knew that now. He knew all the rules. His owner had educated him with inhuman patience, both in person and through his greater-self, embodied in his machines.

 “Show.” 

Loki moved again, back up to his knees and elbows, but he did not curl his back and make himself a tight ball this time. Instead he spread his knees, arched his back and raised his hips, his ass in the air. It was an invitation for violation, for the most demeaning usage that he could be put to. Loki despised himself for it, but he did it.
Loki never knew if his owner was watching, if the voice from overhead was real or a recording, or even a simulacrum, generated by his greater-self. Once, years ago, before Loki had given up keeping track, his owner had left him in the care of his machines for weeks. Loki had not known it until the man had returned, sunshine glowing on his skin, and told him that he had been utterly alone, trained by a machine and watched by a machine.
If he was there, Loki's owner may come into the cell after ordering Loki into the  show position. He may want to train him further, to remind of his place. Loki pressed his shaking fingers to the cold floor, closed his eyes and waited. He was cold, he was tired and he was hungry. All day he had been pouring his life-force into his owners devices, channeling the energies of Yggdrasil into storage crystals, letting the flood of power strip him bare, hollow him out and leave him as he was. An empty vessel.
All he wanted was to eat and to rest, but he had to earn it first. Despite his work during the day in his owner's workshop, Loki had not yet earned the right to eat. He was required to perform some manner of training before every meal, in the morning and at night. He never,  ever was given food without earning it. And why should he be? He was a worthless, nameless slave. He was property. He had no value other than the work he could perform. If his owner wanted him trained, wanted him exhausted, desperate and obedient, wanted him ready to submit himself to any use, it was his right. Loki had no choice but to comply.
He held the  show position. He had long ago given up counting the seconds. There was no point to it, as there was no pattern that he could discern. Sometimes he would be ordered through this routine in less than an hour, sometimes it took all night. Sometimes his owner would interrupt and take a more personal approach to Loki’s training, or sometimes he would to teach him something new. Loki could never tell what would come next, and trying to predict it confused and frustrated him. Better just to obey.
Loki jerked awake to fire coursing through his body. He had fallen asleep! He had fallen asleep and slumped to the floor, and the dozens of tiny implants his owner has inserted under his skin roared to life, burning his nerves. Lightening struck down his spine over and over, shocking him until his limbs were flailing uncontrollably, blood filled his mouth from his bitten tongue, his head smashed into the floor, stars bursting before his eyes with each impact.
Loki did not know how long he suffered. It was an eternity before the torture stopped, and the calm voice came again from the speakers above.

 “Down.” 

Sobbing, his chest heaving, limbs weak and shaking, Loki obeyed.
It was hours later. Hours of this training, of  down, floor, show, penance, display, balance  and the hated  downward facing dog.  Loki knew them all perfectly, and he performed them all to the best that his aching, tired body could. He  tried  . He tried to be pleasing, to be obedient, to be humble and grateful and to  please be allowed to eat and to rest.
He held  downward facing dog , his heels flat to the ground as he had been taught, back straight, his head parallel to his arms. His tears dripped onto the floor, a helpless flood that he could not stop. If he was to be punished for crying, his punishments would never end.

 “Rest.” 

Loki dropped to the floor, boneless.  Rest was his reprieve, the signal that his training was done. If he ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Multiverse
AU
Slave Loki
Dark Tony Stark
Good Tony Stark
Good Tony Vs Bad Tony
Sexual Slavery
Non-Sexual Slavery
Messed up feeding methods
Slave Training
Id Fic
Prisoner abuse
general abuse
bad things
Loki's Punishments
Loki Angst
Loki Whump
Enemas
alternate universe character death
Body Horror
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Tony Stark's non-consensual sex machines
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Hurt/Comfort
Finally Some Comfort
Drowning
Threats of harm to child
Kidnapping
Non-Consensual Bondage
Sexual Assault
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Verbal Abuse
Whipping
Non-Consensual Haircuts
Humiliation
Mutual Non-Con
Canon-Typical Violence
Original Character Death(s)
Therapy
Recovery
Mild Self Harm
Polyamory
Astronomical Metaphors
Minor Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Christmas
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

