Chapter 1: Is it really an unpaid internship if they provide free food?
    




Chapter Text
When Peter first brought the permission slip home, Aunt May laughed herself silly before signing her name on the line at the bottom of the page with an unnecessary amount of flourish.“May,” Peter whined.“No,” Aunt May said sternly, but with laughter in her voice. “You are going.”“But May,” Peter objected, “I’m already there every other day. It’s not like I need a tour of the building. I practically live at the tower.”Aunt May pressed her lips together, and Peter flicked his eyes away. He felt guilty all the time, people he didn’t save, times he’d disappointed Mr. Stark, but the thing he always felt the most guilt over was lying to Aunt May about being Spiderman, and refusing, even after she caught him in the suit and rained hell down on him, to give up his vigilante activities. At the very end of her rope, she’d made him promise that he’d let Tony take care of him, and she bullied Tony into letting him actually fulfill regular intern-related tasks (her way of forcing him to keep up with his academics) along with watching over him when he went out on patrol. But in the long run, that meant he almost spent more time with Mr. Stark, in the lab, and in the suit, than he saw Aunt May, or was home at all. He still slept at home, had breakfast with May when he could, but after school almost every day he was either on the streets, Spiderman-ing about, or in Mr. Stark (“Please, for god’s sake, kid, call me Tony”)’s lab.[He made sure he still had dinner three nights a week with Aunt May, and if one of her days off fell on a weekend, he took the day off from Spidermaning and from Tony’s lab, because no matter what, he didn’t want to lose her too, but sometimes Peter thought that maybe, for Aunt May, that wasn’t enough. Not that she’d ever say so out loud.]But May was full-on grinning at him now, and refused to relent.“No,” she said cheerfully, “it’ll be good to go with your class. Who knows, maybe the public tour will have some information you haven't yet gleaned from the great Tony Stark,” and yeah, there it was. She hadn’t quite forgiven Tony for helping Peter hide his Spider-activities from her. “Plus, you wouldn’t want Ned and Michelle to have fun at SI without you, would you?”Peter thought maybe he wouldn’t mind missing out on shenanigans with Ned, or bantering with MJ (“My friends call me MJ”), if it meant he didn’t have to deal with Flash being an ass to him in his place of work. Place of internship. Ever since Ned had dropped the ‘Peter interns at Stark Industries’ bombshell in the middle of class (well-meaning, but with poor results), Flash wouldn’t let it go, claiming Peter was lying about the internship and knowing Spiderman and, honestly, anything else he could get away with. And sometimes Peter felt that half the class believed Flash over him, if they cared at all, and really, honestly, Peter didn’t want to have to deal with that. Peter knew his internship at Stark Industries was real (both his internship and his ‘internship’), and Ned knew, and so did MJ, so it shouldn’t matter what Flash thought, or what he said loudly, or what he kind of probably convinced the rest of Peter’s classmates was true about Peter. It shouldn’t matter. But it kind of did. And honestly, Peter could deal with it at school, with Ned and MJ by his side, ready to support him and stick up for him, but he didn’t want to infect SI with Flash’s unique brand of negativity.But there was no way Flash wouldn’t go, and it looked like Aunt May wasn’t going to let Peter not go, so…Where Peter stood now, he was pretty sure he was going to have to go with his classmates, including Flash-the-asshole, to take a day-long tour of Stark Industries, aka Stark Tower, aka Avengers Tower (sometimes), aka, the place Peter spent most of his free time. Yay. Great.Wonderful.The only saving grace was that he had about a month before the actual field trip, so maybe in that time he might get sick, or die, and wouldn’t have to go to the Field Trip after all.With his luck, though, it seemed unlikely.XSometimes it felt like the only place Peter really felt relaxed anymore was in Mr Stark’s lab, tinkering on something with the man while chattering thoughtlessly with him. It probably should be a little stressful, right? Like, he should be worried about messing something up and disappointing Tony, and honestly he was, a little, but Tony seemed to almost enjoy when Peter made mistakes, used them as learning opportunities (who knew billionaire, genius, philanthropist, Tony Stark would make such a good teacher?), and was always kind, out-going, and never patronized Peter. At least not where science and tech were involved.Peter stressed at school, about homework and classes and grades and keeping his dual identities a secret and disappointing the decathlon team time after time, and he stressed while patrolling the streets in his Spidey suit, stressed about not saving everyone, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark is a Good Mentor
Intern Peter Parker
Happy
Stressed Peter Parker
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Stark Industries
Gen Work
No Romance
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Senior Year Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Tony Stark
Infinity War What is that?
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Interns & Internships
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
Best Friends
Not copy to another site
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

