Chapter 1: Inmate 3042
    




Chapter Text
When Peter Parker had first gotten to the Center - he refused to call it prison - he had been terrified. The nervousness and nausea had his hands shaking and he could barely change into the clothes given to him. It was a simple uniform. A white undershirt and navy blue vest that frayed at the seams, telling him that many kids had worn this same thing before, and many kids would after him.He’d kept his eyes on the cement ground, counting in his head. One two three four…Three hundred…Three hundred sixty…Three hundred sixty-five.A whole year. That’s peanuts compared to the grand scheme of life. And yet… he couldn’t escape the feeling that it was more than that. That his year here wouldn’t be as simple as counting down the hours. In a couple days Peter Parker would realize just how true this was. The Center was rough and his main goal became keeping his head down. ═══━━━─── • ♙ • ───━━━═══ Present DayA buzzer shrieks across the entire building at 5:00 am, loud and jarring. In prison block C, cell forty, a brown haired boy with dark smudges under his eyes bolts up and scrambles up from his cot. Pain laces through his skull at the shrill sound and he resists the urge to cover his ears.Three other kids mirror his actions, two of them jumping from their top bunks and landing with a thud onto the ground. Each one turns back to their beds and, with practiced motions, fix the coarse covers into place. Peter is careful to make sure nothing is out of order, he doesn’t need another morning with the warden yelling at him. It isn’t long before the boys are finished and standing at attention near their beds, arms straight at their sides.Peter’s ears ache, but it’s nothing he isn’t used to. So he grits his teeth and waits in silence. Soon enough the heavy, metal door opens up with a clang and reveals an older man with graying hair. His shoulders are broad and his skin is lined with light wrinkles from stress and age. He wears a light grey, button up shirt with a stiff, black tie. On his belt is a radio, a pair of cuffs, and a metal baton. Displayed proudly on his chest is a silver badge. Stubble covers his face and roughly frames his stony, grey eyes. These eyes scan the boys with a critical gaze before turning to check the room, looking for any concealed items.The moment feels like it’s stretching forever. Peter can feel the man’s gaze burn into him and he tenses up, breath catching in his throat. After what is probably a minute, but feels much much longer, the warden finally speaks up, “Go on to breakfast.”Then the man turns around and leaves the cell for the next one and everyone collectively relaxes. Without a word the four inmates file out of their cell and join the rest of the juvie boys in the Big Hall - the nick name for the cell blocks. Peter’s cell is on the second floor and he looks over the metal railing and at the hard, concrete floor below. He swallows a little, his adams apple bobbing in his throat. Dark stains were blotched over the ground from times inmates had jumped over the rail.A couple months ago a boy, only two years older than him, had somehow gotten his hands on some cocaine. He was flying as high as a kite and was close to overdosing when the officers got to him. Peter had watched in horror as the boy laughed in hysteria. He ran from the staff’s grasp and up the stairs, screaming profanities and insults at the top of his lungs. The boy giddily shouted out, “I’m on top of the world!” before spreading his arms, as if to fly, and toppling over the railing…Peter tears his eyes away from the ugly stain and from the memory of that day. It made him sick, knowing that Spiderman could have helped that boy, but Inmate 3042 couldn’t. His stomach protests as he walks down the stairs. He’s not sure if it’s from hunger or guilt, but tiredness forces him to drop the thought before it can even begin.No need to go down that spiral again…He funnels through the tight squeeze of boys in the Big Hall, making his way out the doors and into a sterile, white hallway. The sound of hundreds of boys walking across the linoleum floor fill his ears and bright, white lights irritate his eyes. The rough fabric of his clothing itches him and the smell of chemicals and sweat causes him to gag. Peter feels anxiety crawl through him, inching its way into his stomach and crushing his lungs. Every morning a sensory overload threatens him. His body goes into overdrive at the screaming alarm, his stress when the warden comes in is turned into adrenaline, and it dials his vision, hearing, and even taste, up to eleven. And every morning he’s got to stuff it down before he goes into a panic attack.Because, y’know, panic attacks don’t go over well with the other kids. Showing weakness here will make your life hell.Peter forces his eyes down to the ground and ignores the thundering sounds as best as he can. He slows his breathing and lets air in through his mouth. He can’t do much about the harsh to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Prison
Hurt/Comfort
Organized Crime
Angst
Redemption
Hurt Peter Parker
Mild Language
Homeless Peter Parker
Mental Health Issues
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Anxiety
Homelessness
Foster Care
Coming of Age
Marvel Cameos
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

