Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Stiles opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling, focusing on the glow-in-the-dark stars that he and Scott had attached to the ceiling when they were in 4th grade.  He took a deep breath and reached for his phone off the nightstand and checked the time…4:17am…before putting it back down with a sigh.  The last day was still pretty much a blur and now he was lying in his bed uncertain about what to do next.  Yesterday they had talked in Derek’s loft until just after lunch when his dad’s yawning finally got too much to ignore.  He hadn’t really been much better if he was being honest and neither was anyone else once the adrenaline from the battle and everything else had worn off.  Not wanting to deal with everything anymore, Stiles and his dad had returned home and both had crashed for several hours sleep.The first time he woke up he heard his dad in the other room on the phone.  The sheriff had called to check in and Stiles had been willing to struggle out of his bed when his door opened and his dad was standing there in sweats and a t-shirt.  He told Stiles that he had told the station he would out until the following morning before hanging up.  Stiles sighed in relief but dragged himself up and they ate a simple dinner without saying much, just enjoying the quiet.  An hour later and both Stilinski men were back asleep.  Stiles had woken up several times since then but now it seemed he was finished sleeping even if he wasn’t exactly ready to face the world.He was a bit surprised he had slept so well, but he supposes that the combination of the battle, all the bad guys being wiped out, and a near impenetrable force field on his house translated into a pretty worry free sleep.  Finally tossing aside his covers he moves over to his desk and thinks about going online, but he is fairly sure that he isn’t going to be able to find the answers to his current questions there.  Glancing around at his books he can feel the subtle hum of magic that resides with them and sighs as he realizes with a sharp pang of regret that he would never get to visit the Majestic Library again.Dropping to the floor, Stiles decides that if he can’t sleep or research, he would try meditation.  Closing his eyes he finds himself grounding faster than ever before as he reaches out and touches the ley line running under the house and suddenly it felt as if he had grabbed a live electrical wire as he receives a burst of energy.  It doesn’t hurt, more like when he mixed coffee and red bull that one time he doesn’t want to ever mention again.  No, instead he feels supercharged, excited, and connected like never before.  There is a moment of welcome, a flicker of recognition that he recognizes as the heart stone he tied all his protections to.  The warder was like a dog, acknowledging him, but not standing down from its appointed duties, and with a mental pat the teen passes it by and Stiles can feel his senses rushing along the line until it crosses another line and then that feeling of connection multiplies and he is racing in three directions.  Each time he crosses a line, his awareness expands as if he was exploring a spider-web of connections spread out all around him.  He pauses for a moment, reveling in the feeling of being connected but something catches his attention on one line and his mind leaps forward and in moments he is outside of Beacon Hills and moving fast along the line.Stiles doesn’t try to control how and where he was going, instead he just lets the flow carry him along and he suddenly realizes that the line has taken him west where it touches the Pacific Ocean and he smiles at the feeling of connection to the water.  He frowns when he notices several smaller irritations that are nearby and he focuses his attention on them and suddenly he can hear singing.  It’s a pod of merfolk!  Eyes widening, Stiles can feel the fourteen individuals swimming beyond the shore as they move closer, curiosity clear in their auras, as they search for the new presence they have sensed.  Stiles pulls back and suddenly he is shooting along another of the lines, now heading north.  He feels several wolves, both alone and in packs, and unlike the merfolk, it appears that most of them are unaware of any happenings to the south but Stiles can feel the energies of the land there shifting, becoming familiar like Beacon Hills, caressing him and welcoming him as an old friend finally come home.He enjoys the warm glow of the feelings but he quickly realizes that the Alpha of one of the packs feels…‘off’ somehow, like they are sick or something.  Stiles is suddenly pulled along the lines again before he can focus enough to investigate, moving west this time.  He feels a flicker of awareness, a bright, shiny mind that is significantly surprised at the connection but very much aware of him.  Stiles doesn’t feel threatened.  No.  Instead he feels a tentative gree
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes

freeform: 
BAMF Stiles
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Scott is a Good Friend
Derek is a Good Alpha
Good Peter
Allison Argent & Stiles Stilinski Friendship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Build Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Major character death - Freeform
Nature Violence
Animal death - hunting

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes

