Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

 Identity Crisis 

 
 


  


May, 2010

 
Tony held his hand high in the air, his fingers gripping the stem of his champagne glass. The bubbly liquid inside fizzled and sparkled from the windows nearby.
“To not dying!”
His overly-euthanized smile was met with one very exasperated stare.
“No,” Pepper curtly responded, not amused, never once raising her own champagne glass to meet his.
Tony frowned, looking offended and slightly childish in his pout.
“What? Why?”
“I’m going to hurl something at your head, I swear —”
“What?” Tony asked again, nudging his glass playfully against hers. It only managed to spill some champagne onto the cut-stone flooring below. “Come on — to not dying!”
There was a pause. A deadly one, the type that came with Pepper’s scolding hot stare. Her eyes held enough heat that he was worried they might burn him, a firey Medusa if he’d say so himself.
“I’m not toasting to that,” she insisted, all the while curtly shaking her head.
“I think it’s a lovely toast.”
“And I think that palladium poisoning may have had some lingering and very unfortunate lasting side effects,” Pepper bit back, smooth-talking, quick for banter.
“Preposterous.” Tony smiled, his grin wide enough to show his back molars. “I’m all good. Promise.”
“Mhmm...” she eyed his champagne glass with hesitance. “I still think you should be checked out by, you know, an actual doctor.”
Tony’s eyes flickered up to the ceiling as he lowered his glass from its raised height.
“JARVIS?”
“I have run every known available medical scan within the system to check for all possible abnormalities. With the help of Director Fury, it would appear the effects of this most recent palladium poisoning have been almost entirely reversed. It is my pleasure to say that Mr. Stark has returned to stable condition,” JARVIS’s voice rang through the room, bouncing off the large glass windows nearby. “Unfortunately, the state of his mental health may always be in question.”
Tony couldn’t resist a chuckle, eyes staying locked on Pepper as he said, “Thank you, JARVIS.”
“Of course, sir.”
Pepper, however, seemed less than convinced. Her head cocked to the side, skeptical, and Tony could see her fingernails grip tensely around the glass stem to her drink.
“You think that’s all it’s going to take for me to believe —”
“You heard it for yourself, with your own two ears —”
“And why exactly should I have faith in the medical diagnosis of your intelligence programming,” Pepper looked upwards to the ceiling, “No offense, JARVIS.”
“None taken, Ms. Potts.”
“Because I wouldn’t lie to you.” Tony inwardly cringed when Pepper shot him a look, the same maddening look that usually had him scampering across the room. She earned the nickname Pepper for a reason, after all. “That is, I wouldn’t lie to you after this, not again, not ever again. You have my word. Cross my fragile, shrapnel damaged heart and any other silly elementary school promise you’d like to throw in. Here, you want to grab my pinky? I mean, I’d much prefer you grab another appendage of mine but by all means —”
“Tony!”
“We’re good. I’m good,” he stressed the last two words with heavy sincerity, his foolish grin turning more somber in the moment.
Pepper still seemed hesitant, frowning as she looked back and forth between both champagne glasses. He really couldn’t blame her, not after all they had been through. Her hesitance surely came with a cause — Iron Man, Obadiah Stane, Justin Hammer, Vanko — the hairs on his arm shot right up at the very thought of the crazy bastard. After that whole ordeal, Tony would be happy to never again deal with another psychopathic Russian in his life.
“That’s up for debate,” she finally said, softly under her breath but loud enough that Tony could hear the smile in her words. He took that as his go-ahead.
“Okay, let’s try this again.” Tony raised his glass, the bubbly carbonation beginning to sprinkle over and send droplets onto his knuckles. It only stung slightly, open cuts already beginning to scab and heal. “To...revoking an importune resignation. And new beginnings.”
This time, with only a beat passing by, Pepper lifted her hand to meet his.
“To new beginnings.”
Glasses clicked together and the otherwise small sound echoed across the large room in the mansion, accompanied by each of their sips.
Pepper was quick to swallow hers, adding, “Hopefully to one that  doesn’t include the entire destruction of the New York State Pavilion —”
“We paid for that.” Tony paused on his way over to the sofa, half sitting when he asked, “We paid for that, right?”
Pepper chuckled dryly, joining him on the beige leather couch. “Yes, we paid for that.”
Her weight dipped the sofa low, one of Tony’s arm stretched over her shoulder while his other laid on the armrest, glass in hand. He let out the breath he’d never realized he’d been holding. The sunset across the Malibu ocean reflected through the large windows spread across the room, streaks of gold and tang
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Drama
Suspense
Mild Horror
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Action
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Avengers Family
Comic Book Science
Panic Attacks
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Found Family
Story Continuation
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Possessive Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Peter Parker has the Venom Symbiote
Fluff and Angst
Not Canon to Sony's Venom
Venom is a bad guy here
No beta we die like Uncle Ben

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

