Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The tenth year anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts was coming up. Harry Potter still blamed himself for the events of the war, even if everyone kept saying it wasn't his fault. He had nightmares almost every night. It was always the same dream. Harry getting killed by Voldemort in the forest. He couldn't bring himself to take Dreamless Sleep because he knew based on his nightmares, he'd get addicted.It felt as if nothing had changed yet everything did.Him and Ginny Weasley broke up a year after the war. She had told him, "I think we should both move on, Harry. But I'll always love you." They were still good friends, as good as they can be after dating for a year and a half. It hurt Harry to see her with another man but he knew she was happier now without him. She was currently the Chaser for the Holyhead Harpies, and a bloody good one.Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger got married and had their first kid two years ago. They named her Rose Granger-Weasley. They were currently expecting their second child. The Trio had slowly distanced themselves since the war. Ron and Hermione were more focused on their family and Harry on his job as Head Auror. Ron had worked as an Auror but decided to stop once he and Hermione found out they were gonna have a kid.Teddy Lupin was ten years old and growing up with his grandmother instead of his parents. He knew what his parents died for, but he missed them everyday. Harry, being Teddy's godfather, visited whenever he could but never stayed for too long as he was reminded of Remus and Tonks and how he couldn't help them. Teddy asked for stories of his parents, Harry would try his best without crying but always ended up with tears down his cheeks.Draco Malfoy was actually nice now that his father was in Azkaban. The thing was, now that his father was gone, he seems happier. He looks happier too, though the same he did during his seventh year (from all the products he uses, Harry assumed). He had been training as a Healer, taking after his mother, and had become Head Healer. He and Harry met up occasionally to discuss new procedures, like new healing spells Harry had to teach the others. After those meetings, they always went out to eat or just to talk. They had gotten rather close over the years.And Harry Potter was the Master of Death.He hadn't figured it out until one day on an Auror mission when he got hit with the Killing Curse, but didn't die. When he went to check where the Elder Wand was, he found it wasn't in Dumbledore's grave like it should've been. Then he realized he had it on him the whole time, wearing it as a bracelet. He had all the Hallows on him at all times. And he couldn't take the metal bracelet off. He should've realized it earlier but it never occurred to him that the bracelet he had been wearing the whole time, not able to take off, was holding the three Hallows.He wasn't aging which he didn't notice until about 6 years ago. It really pissed him off.It was a stressful thought, all your friends being able to die but not you. Them, all looking older and you still looking 17. Them, being able to get drinks with no question and you having to pull out your ID because you look so damn young when in reality, you're their same age. Okay, maybe not so much the last one.Minerva McGonagall had asked Harry to make a speech at the banquet the school was hosting in honor of the anniversary of the war. Of course, Harry had to accept. He even included Hermione in writing it since he had no clue what to write about. He knew it had to be some 'we survived and we should be grateful' kinda thing, but having Hermione helping was always a good thing.When he arrived at the banquet, Draco Malfoy and Teddy Lupin were the only ones there. Harry walked up to them and looked at Teddy."Hey, Ted," Harry said.Teddy looked at Harry and smiled widely before hugging him, "Hi, Harry!"Harry held Teddy for a while but let go before it would get too long and too suspicious. He turned to Draco, "Where's Andromeda?""She's sick so she asked me to bring Teddy with me." Draco had changed over the years. He visited Teddy at least once a week (from what Andromeda told him), always bringing him something new every visit. Of course, the Malfoy reputation had been severely damaged after the war, but he was slowly rebuilding it. His mother had died two years after the war, so he was the only one left of the Malfoy bloodline considering Lucius was on a life sentence in Azkaban. The Malfoy fortune had been left to him and he was putting it to good use. He donated money to St Mungo's, to Hogwarts, to small businesses who needed something to start them off, orphanages, and basically everything he saw that needed help. He was a changed man."Oh, that was nice of you.""Why're you here so early?" Draco asked while turning to look at Teddy who was staring between them."McGonagall asked me to come early. I don't really understand why. But, whatever. What about you?""I'm making a speec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
Draco Malfoy & Avengers Team
Teddy Lupin & Avengers Team
Eventual Teddy Lupin/Pietro Maximoff
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sirius Black/Severus Snape

freeform: 
The Ministry of Magic (Harry Potter) is Terrible
On the Run
Master of Death Harry Potter
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE
Sirius Black Lives
Pietro Maximoff Lives
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Draco Malfoy
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Time Travel
ish
Falling Through the Veil
Immortal Harry Potter
Immortal Draco Malfoy
Immortal Teddy Lupin
Harry Potter is Pissed
Married Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Severus Snape Lives
Mpreg
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Good Severus Snape
Temporary Character Death
barely anyone actually dies forever in this story

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
Draco Malfoy & Avengers Team
Teddy Lupin & Avengers Team
Eventual Teddy Lupin/Pietro Maximoff
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sirius Black/Severus Snape

