Chapter 1: Burned Flesh Saved Us
    


Notes:
Zdorovat'sya, my stars! Welcome! Thanks for taking a look at this story, hopefully you enjoy it. ;)This was a request from GliderPilot, and I hope I do it justice. Thanks for the opportunity to write this! ;)Disclaimer: I own nothing! :)Warnings: Some violence, mentions of past child abuse, Odin's A+ (sarcastic) parenting, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, some gore/possible injuries, mentions of past torture, depressive thoughts, and paranoia on my part. If further warnings are needed, they'll be posted at the top of the chapters. :) No slash, no smut, no non-con, no incest—nothing else inappropriate. Language is all K.Pairings: Very minor Thor/Jane, this is primarily a brother and sister fic.For your information, this story is cross-posted on Fanficion.net under the pen name of "LodestarJumper" Just a personal note, if you could refrain from using cussing/strong language if you comment (no offense to how you speak! Promise! =) It just makes me uncomfortable) I would greatly appreciate that. ;)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

"We fight every night for something,

When the sun sets we're [all] the same,

Half in the shadows,

Half burned in flames."
-Tamer "Beautiful Crime"   It's only been a few hours, but Thor knows when he spots the figure in the corner of the mirror that it's his younger brother. He doesn't need to see the blurred shadow turn into a proper reflection—he just knows. Can sense his sedir, like he has since childhood. (Another one is present as well, but he doesn't really care for that.) Loki is here, illusion or not, and that's enough. Relief slips through him at the sight, and he reaches forward to grab at a flask of something to occupy his hands with. He hadn't expected Loki to come back.He'd wanted him to, of course, but he didn't think...not really—not after his stupid words in Sakaar—that Loki would come to him. He hadn't meant to let the vindictive snipping slip out so many times, but he's hardly been the ideal sibling since they reunited, so maybe it was to be expected.Especially not when they finally gained some semblance of privacy and Thor punched Loki in the face. And then the ribs and elsewhere—but, Norns above, he couldn't handle this one more time. Six years he's been on the wrong side of Loki's planning, his scheming, and he is so tired of it. This is not the first time that Loki has pretended to be dead. But, before his failed coronation, Thor has almost always been in on it.A part of him always knew that Loki was alive, he thinks, which is why it wasn't much of a surprise to see he claimed Hliðskjálf. It was different between the Bifrost and the Kursed. Thor had always been able to sense Loki's faint presence since the Kursed, but after the Bifrost he was just gone. Thor is not nearly as advanced in sedir, or even really trained, but every child is taught how to sense the presence of it.And he knew that Loki was still there.As he is now.Some part of him. An illusion, he supposes; it's really better than nothing, and maybe more than he deserves after what he's done and said in the last three days. Loki has probably come to finalize their goodbyes, and Thor grips the flask tighter to brace himself. He doesn't know why he thought this was a good idea on Sakaar. Why he thought they should part ways permanently.Only that he did, and wasn't thinking straight when he said it.Thor's lips part, and he has to work with his tongue before he can say anything. "Maybe your not so bad—"His voice dies.All illusions and fantasies he'd warped up about Loki running through Surtur's fire unharmed go with it. He'd stood on the Statesmen and watched Surtur tear his realm apart without even thinking twice about what would happen to Loki. His brother has always been fluid. Always. Thor didn't doubt that he would walk away.That he would be fine.And now he can't believe his stupidity.Loki was in that. Loki was in the middle of Surtur's destruction. Loki was in that.His little brother is staggering towards him, his limbs shaking and washed out lips parted in the never ending repeat of a word. The clothing he's wearing is little but rags now, charred as it is, revealing the blotchy, black and red skin. There's something clutched close to his chest, almost protectively, and Thor thinks it's an Aesir. He doesn't know if he's holding a corpse in his arms, but Thor doesn't care.Loki is barely walking.And he's mouthing "help."The bottle slips from his hands and smashes into the ground at his feet. The pieces scatter, going in all directions at once and sparkle across the floor. Thor tries to take in the sight, but doesn't find himself fully capable.
He did this. He told Loki to take Surtur's crown. Loki wouldn't have been in there if Thor hadn't told him to do that.

He did this.
The resigned look Loki sent him on the bridge makes sense now. Thor hadn't really thought about it, more focused on their advan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hela & Loki (Marvel)
Hela & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
injuries
Brother-Sister Relationships
Whump
Family
Dysfunctional Family
Family Issues
Family Bonding
Redemption
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
It Gets Worse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Torture
Past Mind Control
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Protectiveness
Protective Siblings
Angst
Anxiety Attacks
Hurt Thor (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
everyone needs sleep
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Hela (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
She's learning how to be
Hela (Marvel) needs a hug
Hela (Marvel) has issues
Memory Alteration
Everyone Needs A Hug
References to Depression

fandom: 
Hela & Loki (Marvel)
Hela & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

