Work Text:

Bucky knows it’s a lost cause. He’s done everything in his power to change his behavior and mindset but nothing has seemed to work. He was terrifyingly embarrassed in the beginning, to the point of almost being brought to tears a few times, but he’s learned to simply accept this about himself. 

Bucky is a cock slut. 
No— Bucky is a cock slut for   Steve. 
Before Steve, Bucky enjoyed sex, engaging in it frequently with various partners, enjoying himself and the pleasure he could bring others. But when Steve came along his world was flipped upside-fucking
-down. Bucky had never felt so desperate, so needy, so pathetic for someone. He had never once been brought to tears during sex or because of sex but Steve brought them out of him almost every time, whether it be from the sex itself or for begging for it. He had no idea what his body and what his mind were capable of during sex until he came along. It was like Bucky had never had sex before Steve entered his life. 
Bucky struggled with the thoughts and tears and feelings that came with constantly craving sex from Steve. He was a very independent person, doing his own thing and living his own life. He had never felt attached to someone like Steve. Not only did he struggle with those things, he struggled with who—what—  he turned into when engaging in sexual acts with Steve. Bucky doesn’t even recognize himself or his voice, saying and doing things that he later realizes are mortifying. Steve can get him to willingly do almost anything. Steve sweet talking him makes his bones turn to rubber, his cock so hard he’s worried sometimes that he’ll come without even touching himself, his mind floaty and soft. Steve calls him  sweet boy and sugar and talks about him and his body like he owns Bucky and  fuck does he own Bucky. It’s because of this that he has started to accept this new-found sexual side of himself— It makes Steve happy. So happy. The first time Bucky talked dirty back to Steve in bed, he had two back-to-back orgasms, shooting all over the sheets and then all over himself after Steve flipped him over and continued to fuck him into the mattress. Bucky cried so hard at the intensity of it Steve didn’t fuck him for over a week. And that was a struggle for Bucky because he would never bring himself to the point of begging (Begging for sex?! How embarrassing...) but he had never wanted or needed someone so badly in his life. Bucky ended up cracking, embarrassed and teary-eyed, frantically whispering his pleas on Steve’s lips as he rocked himself in his lap, against two strong thighs and a hard cock. Steve let him keep begging, music to his goddamn ears, as he coaxed him through an orgasm in his pants like a fucking   teenager. The first time Bucky let Steve eat him out he had him on all fours, thighs spread, face in the sheets. It had taken time and effort on Steve’s part to work Bucky up to the point of ass-eating but shit was it worth it. Bucky came in under a minute, mortified, stunned with a high-pitched whine of “Noooooooo  ...”, trying to fight it off, until Steve gave his plush ass a smack and demanded, “Do it. Give it to me,” into his skin. Steve ended up rolling him over, pushing into Bucky’s lax body, and fucking him while he was still in the throes of an intense orgasm, murmuring how sweet he was, how perfect, how responsive, how happy he made Steve. 
The first time Steve referred to himself as Daddy was 
also the first time Bucky had hit Sub Space. Steve called it “Sweet Space", always asking something like, "

You goin’ sweet on me, Buck?

”. Bucky had never ever seen the appeal to the Daddy Kink, nor had he ever come close to dropping, but one led to the other and knocked his ass out. Nothing made Steve happier than Bucky being so greatly effected by one of his biggest kinks, almost a necessary one in a relationship. Bucky’s head had been fuzzy ever since Steve insisted on soft touches and dirty thoughts whispered into his ear at a movie. After coming home and barely making it through the door, Steve was plastered against Bucky’s back, laid out on the couch, arm around his neck, other hand on his hip, mouth at his ear. Bucky’s head was fuzzy, his ass throbbed, his cock pulsed, and Steve’s thrusts were deep and strong. “

Bein’ so sweet for me, sugar. Lettin’ Daddy take what he wants, such a good boy,

” he had breathed into his ear, following it with a deep groan and nip at the flesh there, and Bucky plummeted. When he came to he felt safe and sated and sticky, Steve stroking his face and neck, in awe of the younger man. Bucky loved making Steve happy. 
He’s learned to accept these new emotions and thoughts and awakenings that Steve has provided him with. It’s still a process and he doesn’t get as embarrassed as much. But Bucky was a cock slut,  Steve’s cock slut, and he sometimes still hates how much he enjoys having Steve’s dick in his mouth. He has the single most perfect cock, long and thick, a little above average in both categ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Deep Throating
Feminization
Oral Sex
Rimming
Daddy Kink
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Crying
Humiliation
kind of
Praise Kink
Blow Jobs
Dirty Thoughts
Size Difference
Dom/sub Undertones
Subspace
Size Kink
69 (Sex Position)
Breathplay

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

