Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
I love Matt being Peter's dad and there's not enough DevilDad fic on here. This is my first fic so I apologize if it's kinda messy at first.HEAVILY edited 07/17/2021

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Mary never told Matt she was pregnant. Why would she? Matt was just a quick hookup and she'd started dating Richard not long after. They married quickly, whether that was because of the baby, or for other reasons, no one will ever know. They certainly never said.
When Peter was three years old, they dropped him off with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben without warning. They never asked if they could take the child, just handed him off with a couple bags and a quick goodbye. All Mary told May and Ben was that they were going on a business trip and that they’d be back for Peter at some point. Not even soon, just “whenever we get back”.
May and Ben were told about the plane crash two weeks later.
When Peter was eight May and Ben were shot in a mugging gone wrong, Peter standing beside them shaking and staring wide-eyed at their bodies. The police discovered later that the mugger drew the line at killing kids and that’s why he left Peter alone in the alley until someone finally saw the bloody scene and called the police.
He didn’t moved an inch for hours, nearly collapsing to the pavement when a paramedic wrapped a blanket around him and put a careful hand on his shoulder to coax him out to the street.
 ******
Matt hadn’t even been in the office for five minutes when his phone rang.
‘Unknown number, Unknown number, unknown num-‘
Matt, bewildered, quickly picks up his phone, glad that Foggy and Karen aren’t in the office so that he doesn’t have to deal with their annoying curiosity.
“Hello?”

“Is this Matthew Murdock?”

“Yes.”

“This is the New York Office of Child and Family Services; we would like to arrange a meeting with you to discuss a child in our care.”

Matt raises an unseen eyebrow. What child? He knew none of their cases involved children and, as far as he knew, he didn’t have any kids.
His curiosity wins out over his confusion and he asks, “What’s the soonest time I can come in?”
The woman on the phone sounds a little surprised by the straightforward answer when she asks, “Can you be here in an hour?”
He thinks for a moment, trying to remember if he has any meetings scheduled for that morning. He doesn’t think so and an hour would be just enough time for him to tell Foggy and Karen that he would be gone for at least the morning and get over there.
“Yes, I can do that.”

“Great! I will see you in an hour Mr. Murdock. Goodbye.”

“Goodbye” Matt says, just as Karen and Foggy walk into the office carrying coffee. He had been so focused on the conversation that he hadn’t noticed them coming in the building or walking up the stairs with his senses.
"Hey Matt!" Karen greets as she turns and sees him in his office. "Were you just on the phone?"
"Yes, and I won't be in the office this morning, I'm actually just leaving."
Foggy shoots him an odd look even though he can't see it. "What has you rushing off this early?" he asks, his tone laced with suspicion.
"I'll tell you when I get back." He replies quickly, grabbing his cane from by the door and leaving the office before anyone can ask any more questions. He can tell from their heartbeats and small movements that they’re more than a little surprised by his sudden exit, but he doesn't have time to entertain their questions, especially since he doesn’t have any answers.
******
Peter was scared. Just a few days ago his Aunt and Uncle were murdered, and he had stood in the alley with their bodies, clothes and face splattered with blood, until the police arrived. He thinks he remembers someone approaching him while he was standing on the dirty, blood-soaked concrete, but he couldn't move, couldn’t think. All he could do was stare at Aunt May and Uncle Ben's blank faces, looking but not really seeing.
He hardly noticed when the police and ambulance arrived, only becoming aware of it when a blanket was draped over his shoulders by one of the paramedics. It took a long time to coax him to move and he almost collapsed to the ground, legs shaky and nearly unable to hold his weight. He eventually let himself be guided out of the alley. Everything after that was a blur and soon he realized that he was at the police station.
There they helped him clean the blood from his face and hands and got him a new shirt to replace his bloodstained one. The entire time he was near catatonic; even when the social worker he’d been unintentionally ignoring introduced him to a young couple and said they'd be his temporary foster parents. Just until they located whoever his aunt and uncle said would take care of him in their will. In the back of his mind Peter knew that there was no one else, Aunt May and Uncle Ben were all he had left. He barely registered the thought though and couldn't find it within himself 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant
DevilDad and SpideySon
Parent-Child Relationship
Parent Matt Murdock
Peter is Matt Murdock's Biological Child
Dead Aunt May
Sorry Not Sorry
I needed Peter to live with Matt
I have no idea where this is gonna go
I'm ignoring a lot of cannon
Tony Stark who?
what civil war? what endgame?
Blind Character
selective mutism
Erratic Updates
oh god I promise the writing gets better
first fic
I apologize for my garbage
Peter Parker has ADHD
fingerspelling as a stim
10/10 Would Recommend
under editing

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

