Work Text:
"Are you sure about this honey?" Pepper asked again for the nth time. Peter didn't blame her though, even he was a little surprised he was doing this. He had been so worried about people finding out his identity that he would have never thought he would ever willingly give it away. But here he was, planning on going public as Spider-Man.Peter shot her a grin "Yeah. I am. I know it's gonna be difficult for a while but Shuri is right. I'd rather come out as Spider-Man on my terms and not because of some villain outing me or a reporter getting too close to the truth. Besides," He couldn't help but add "Flash's reaction would be so worth it."Pepper sighed but he noticed the quirk of her lips as she nodded "Fine, but only if you’re sure." She relented. "Sure about what?" Harley asked as he walked into the kitchen. Peter's eyes followed him as he snatched an apple from the bowl on the counter before hopping up onto a stool next to Peter. He waited for him to take a large bite and start chewing before shrugging and replying,"Oh you know, just planning on how to come out as Spider-Man to the public." He stated offhandedly. He was glad he waited for Harley to take a bite of his apple before speaking because seeing him coughing wildly while staring at him with wide-eyes was so worth it. He pressed a grin into his hand."You what? Are you serious?" He asked after getting himself under control.Pepper handed him a paper towel to clean up the half-chewed apple pieces he had spit out onto the table, with a look of slight distaste. Harley took it sheepishly, cleaning up the counter as he turned back to Peter.Peter nodded "Yeah, Shuri got me to rethink everything. Trust me, I'd rather people had never found out but that's never going to happen. There are so many ways I could be outed without my consent that it's not even funny. Besides, If I ever join the Avengers, I'd have to sign the accords which means I'd have to reveal my identity anyway. This way at least I have some control over it."Harley nodded "Ok point, But this is still a pretty big deal darlin'." He replied.Peter flushed slightly at the endearment. They had started dating a couple months ago but Peter still lit up like a match whenever Harley said anything even remotely flirty. But could you blame him? Harley was a sexy brilliant 6'ft sarcastic southern engineer with looks, brains, and the best accent ever and Peter was really getting off track."Uh," Peter cleared his throat, cheeks lightly dusted with pink, "Yeah, Yeah I know. But at least it's my choice. I'm not gonna let anyone take that away from me.""Damn right you shouldn’t!” Tony said as he entered the kitchen. He pecked Pepper on the cheek, sliding his arms around her before looking between the three "What are we talking about here?" He asked curiously as Pepper leaned back against him with a small smile.Harley snorted and Peter grinned "I'm coming out as Spider-Man!" He exclaimed gleefully.Tony paused "Wait, you were serious about that?" He said bewildered.Peter nodded "Yeah, what did you think I meant?"Tony shrugged "Thought you were just sleep-deprived and talking shi-stuff." He corrected hurriedly at Pepper's narrow-eyed look. Ever since Morgan was born Pepper had been trying to get Tony to curse less, it didn't even matter that she wasn't currently in the room. She had Tony so whipped, It was hilarious.Peter could see why he would think that. He had brought it up the other night while on three hours of sleep in 48 hours and five cups of coffee. To be fair, he had been thinking about it a lot since Shuri brought it up last weekend and he had been really curious about what Tony's thoughts were on the matter. The man had told him to sleep on it and they'd talk about it later. That was two days ago which gave Peter plenty of time to think about it."Look," Peter said firmly "I know it's a big deal but I honestly think it's the right thing to do."Harley sighed, wrapping an arm around Peter "If that's what you want darlin', I'll support you."Peter felt slightly guilty for not talking to Harley about it first but his boyfriend had been stressing out over some college exams he had to study for and Peter didn't want to add to it. He'll still talk to his boyfriend more about it later when they were alone. Hopefully, Harley wouldn't be too upset with him.As if sensing his thoughts, Harley shot him a grin and a peck on his cheek, adding “Hey, now I'll get to gloat that I'm dating a literal superhero. Sweet."Peter huffed but smiled back at him, relieved. Harley was the best. "Of course that's what you focus on." He sighed in faux annoyance.Tony ruffled his hair "Yeah Pete, just be sure this is what you really want, you can't take it back later."Pepper smiled at him "We'll always have your back too Peter. Whatever you decide.” She added gently.Peter grinned at them "I know. And really, this is what I want.""Should I call a press conference then?" Pepper asked, her thoughts already turning to all the thin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Background Implied/Hinted James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Harley Keener Flirts
Gay Harley Keener
Bi Peter Parker
Fluff
crack-ish i guess
Humor
One Shot
Peter is 17
Harley is 19
Long Shot
cursing
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
I had fun writing this
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags May Change
Established Relationship
Some Characters Will Be OoC
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) - Freeform
This ended up waaay longer then I thought it would

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Background Implied/Hinted James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

