Chapter 1: Persevere
    




Chapter Text

  If asked later on, Peter couldn’t clearly say why he was anywhere near 200 Park Avenue or in the Manhattan area in the first place. He’d been walking for so long, looking for safer places to stay each night, that without realizing, he’d completely left Queens entirely and wandered to the unrecognizable streets and buildings he may have visited only twice in his lifetime. The cause for such trips being the famed Stark Tower itself.

  With one surprised blink Peter realized that he was no longer touching the pavement below and instead on the roof of one of the closest buildings to the only one he’d been dying to see again. Unconsciously, of course. He was more keen on staying low to the ground, passing off as another homeless kid, hoping no one would bother to step into his business and praying just enough that 

maybe

 there’d be food in his stomach by the start of the next day.

  Peter gazed out towards the glowing building just before him, its great size giving a sense of intimidation and intensity. He loved it. The splendor of it almost felt magnetizing what with the huge “

A

” glowing on the side of said building and the orange lights of the interior contrasting beautifully against the night sky. 

  Peter stood to his feet on the building he was on, reaching up with his tippy-toes to get a closer look at the interior. From where he was, he still had what appeared to be another twenty floors to go to fully see the penthouse and the helicopter landing pad.

  His side burned with the strain to catch a glimpse of 

Avengers Tower

- he remembered correctly- and lowered himself back down to his heels. He suddenly had the urge to catch at least one last glance of the tower before returning to the streets below and scrounging in dumpsters for edible food. He wanted to enjoy his night just a while longer and live out his lifelong fantasy of reaching the top of the tower and watching the world go by below him, another set of eyes finding it impossible to catch sight of Spiderman so high up. He wanted peace and reprieve even if he might never get it again. Not for a long time.

  Peter was already using up some of the last of his web fluid to cling to the side of the building and pull himself up, mindful of the stretching and tearing he was causing his injury. But he persevered. Like a moth to a flame, his eyes never once left the skylights of the tower and climbed up glass floor by floor before dragging himself over the landing pad railing with shuddering limbs. He gasped in relief when he finally reached the top and took only a moment to rest on his back. Then, he was on his feet again, head spinning and torso screaming in agony. The view below him, when he looked, was frighteningly beautiful. One slip and that would be the end of Peter Parker-the end of Spiderman. 

  He moved back a step, taking in the lights and sounds of the city from his vantage point, breathing in the crisp, cool air. His senses even dialed down a few notches, noticing his demeanor change and the need for calm. 

  Peter Parker was lucky in that moment. The breeze was cool and the littering of stars way up in the distance of the city sky were more than Peter had ever been able to see in Queens before. 

  Calm. Peace.

  His head turned then to look towards the glass doors where the orange, warm light from earlier was seeping. The overhanging lights on the inside made him desperate to get closer to them. He knew what a horrible idea it would be, to walk into the infamous tower. If anyone were to spot him, that was it. That would be it for his identity and for his efforts of running away from authorities for over a month on the streets. 

  But the penthouse looked so inviting. There were plush couches on either side of the walls and a bar on one end (not that he had the intention of drinking) and what appeared to be a fridge tucked away in the corner. His mouth watered and his stomach ached. As if he needed anymore assurance, the pain in his side grew more intense and he immediately remembered that without a proper meal and disinfectants for the wound, whatever super-healing he had would be just as average as anyone else's- maybe worse.

  He gulped in another breath, looked back towards the city lights that were now behind him and snuck through the glass door which was surprisingly unlocked. He worried about the meaning of it, but kept it at the back of his mind for the moment. Right now, his body was begging for rest and the slightest bit of comfort he could offer it.

  He just wanted a night of feeling safe.
 
  Inside the tower was not what Peter had been expecting. From the News and most Media reports, he’d assumed there would be Stark weapons and suits of every possible Mark aligning the walls, possibly even an automated arming system with guns at the ready in case someone snuck into the tower.


  Alright, if I assumed that, maybe I should’ve been a bit more cautious about just wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Orphan Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Homeless Peter Parker
Avengers Tower
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
BestfriendNed
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Superfamily (Marvel)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Sensory Overload
Peter Parker Metabolism
Flash Thompson Redemption
Found Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
None
