Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He woke up in pain. 
His head was pounding and he could feel himself being jerked harshly up and down. "What--" he rasped.
"Shit, he's already coming out of it," a voice behind him said, and then Bucky yelped as his body was pressed back down into the bed.
He scrambled to try and find something to hold onto as he realized with horror that he was being raped. "No," he tried to say, but his throat was so sore it was barely audible.
"Steve, you need to calm him down,” the man said. “I’ve already started to knot, I’m not gonna be able to stop.“
Bucky finally managed to get his eyes open and realized he had his head in another alpha's naked lap. The alpha's cock was ridiculously huge, just a couple inches away, and he instinctively tried to shift away.
The alpha caught his neck and held him in place. "Shh, it's okay," he said. "You're with your alphas, you're safe."
"No," he said again, stronger this time, and tried to push himself up. It was no use: one alpha kept his neck firmly held against his thigh, and the other was holding him in place by a firm grip on his hips. "Please."
The alpha holding his neck just kept shushing him, and brushing a hand through his hair. "He's almost done," he reassured him.
"Was that a crack about my stamina?" the alpha behind him asked. "Because this is my third time, and we've just finally got our omega where he belongs after how many years of searching. I think I've been handling myself pretty well."
"Are you bragging, Tony?" Steve laughed. "Cause if i remember correctly, I've come in him four times already. You still haven't caught up."
"Ah fuck," Tony groaned in pleasure, pushing his knot into his omega's tight hole until it finally caught. "I'm never gonna get tired of this."
"What--who--" Bucky gasped, trying to catch his breath as he renewed his struggles.
Steve gripped him under the arms and shifted him up, the knot tugging at him painfully until he was pressed back down on it in the other alpha's lap.
Steve reached out and gripped his chin, turning him back towards him. "Hey there beautiful," he said, grinning over at him. "I'm Steve, your alpha."
"But--" Bucky said worriedly, trying to look behind him.
Steve laughed. "Don't worry, he's your alpha too. We're a rare triad bond. We've been looking for our omega for such a long time. We're so happy you're here with us now."
"I don't...I don't remember," Bucky said worriedly, swallowing as he shifted to try and get free.
Hands gripped his hips warningly. "You need to learn to stay where we've put you, gorgeous."
"It's not uncommon to be missing memories from an intense heat," Steve reassured him. "When an Omega meets their true mate, or mates in this case, they go into an immediate heat. Luckily we met just downstairs, so we were able to make it to the penthouse before the urge to claim you got too strong."
"Christ, can you imagine the headlines if they'd gotten photos of us claiming him right there in the Starbucks?” Tony asked. “They're gonna go crazy enough over this as it is."
Bucky reached up to his neck in concern, and let out a startled cry when he realized he had already been claimed. He had a bite on each side of his neck, and they ached as much as the rest of him. "I don't want to bond," Bucky protested, but he knew it was futile. Bonding to an alpha wasn't something that could be undone--he didn't imagine that was any different with two of them.
As far as Omega rights had come, none of the protections applied in the case of true mates. Omegas in a true bond had no way to get out of them--it was considered fate. The only time they were able to dissolve a match was if they could prove it was a false bond--and that was nearly impossible to do, even when it was true.
"Where--" Bucky started.
"We're at Avengers tower," Steve told him.
Bucky looked back at Steve with wide eyes. "Oh no," he whispered, as the alpha's familiarity began to sink in."You're Captain America."
Captain America and Tony Stark were the world's most famous alpha bonded pair. They had been searching for their Omega for seven years, which was about five years longer than the average. Bucky had known omegas that had dreamed of meeting them and being swept off their feet.
Bucky had not been one of them.
"Let me up," Bucky demanded in panic, trying to launch himself off the bed.
"Woah there, Tiger," Tony laughed in his ear, tightening his hold. "We're a little bit stuck together at the moment, if you haven’t noticed yet.”
"I don't want this," Bucky insisted. "There's been some mistake. This isn't--you have to let me go."
"Oh, baby," Tony sighed, as he placed a kiss against Bucky's temple.
"You're not going anywhere," Steve finished for him. "You belong to us now."
"Don't worry," Tony promised, as he leaned forward to whisper into Bucky’s ear. "We're going to take such good care of you."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Tony Stark
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Tony Stark
Abusive Relationships
Domestic Discipline
Cock Cages
Rough Sex
Rape
Spitroasting
Knotting
Forced Bonding
Small Penis
Large Cock
Mpreg
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

