Chapter 1: Not all right
    




Chapter Text
In the beginning… People would often ask Thor if he was all right.His friends on Earth would often visit him, even though he was all the way out in Norway, they would ask if he was all right.Thor would always dismiss them, say he was all right… claim he was all right. He had no desire to be an even bigger burden than he already was.Even more pathetic than he already was… Even more unworthy.Thor would always insist that he was all right.Thor was not all right.Deep inside he knew, it was wrong… Everything… was wrong.Thor could not close his eyes for the briefest of moments before a new horrible image flashed through his mind.His mother laying on the ground, dagger in her chest, her eyes empty.His father disappearing, turning to dust and then just leaving… flying away.His only brother… held up by the throat, by a titan… And then his limp, pale, lifeless body falling to the ground… His once living eyes wide open and glacial.A sea of corpses… Asgardians, littering the ground. They had looked towards him… to save them… to help them… He had failed them.Countless people turning to dust, right in front of Thor's eyes… He was helpless, powerless to stop it… He reached, he stretched as far as he could, desperately trying to grasp as he screamed in desperation. But it was all out of his reach.The screams of the people, Asgardians and Midgardians alike, ringing in his ears, like they were standing right beside him. There was not a moment's rest for Thor, he could always hear them. They were so loud, and they were everywhere. There wasn't a single moment's rest.As Thor finally drifted to sleep he was there... He saw him! The Titan was right in front of him! He had a clean shot! He took aim, he only had one shot! He threw his ax and he hit the mark... Thanos's chest. The ax, implanting itself. Blood dripping down on the ground.Thanos looked up and spoke those words. "You should have gone for the head."For a moment, time itself stood still as Thor realized his mistake... He could have stopped it! He was there! He should have stopped it! Thanos lifted his hand and...Thor screamed! Screamed as he laid on the floor of the Statesman, trying to reach! Loki, who was hanging in the air, grabbed by the throat! He was right there! Thor should have stopped it! Why hadn't he stopped it?!Thanos's head... rolling across the ground then turning and looking at him, with those taunting eyes... I did it. I went for the head. But it changed... nothing. It was too late!Thor was too late, too weak, too stupid! Too oafish! And he had killed someone... Someone who couldn't even defend himself... That head... over there... a head.At night Thor would hear the screams, see the corpses, and tears would stain his face and pillow as he would sob pathetically as if he was just a little child.The once mighty Thor… People had believed in him, looked up to him to be the golden hero, and now?He didn't blame the people who stopped coming, how could he? They were right, they had much more important things to worry about than such an ungrateful friend.Thor couldn't even stand looking at himself; he was disgusting. He knew he was disgusting.No one dared say it but he knew…He had not shaved for over a year and his beard had become long, tangled and greasy; same with his hair, he couldn't even muster the strength to fix it.His belly had started to grow, and spill over his trousers in the most disgusting manner.Thor… He was supposed to be king! He was supposed to lead!But… under his leadership only death and destruction had been the result! What was he supposed to do?! What could he do! Everything he touched he destroyed… He wasn't worthy.Just… Look at that frame, look at that disgusting beard and hair… This… This was the pride of Asgard?!Loki had been right all along… He was a joke, a sick pathetic joke.Once again Thor felt the weakness emerge inside of him, he stumbled towards the fridge and grabbed a bottle of pure whiskey, the only thing capable of dulling his pain in these moments. To make the screams drown out! To make the blood look less red!He knew he shouldn't! He was destroying himself! He should not be drinking this… Then again, if he destroyed himself, the world wouldn't exactly lose that much would it? In fact… It would probably be for the better, no one would have to be dragged down by him anymore...Like the Avengers had been dragged down by his blundering foolery… Like the Asgardians had only ever encountered death and loss under his leadership… Like Loki who…Thor's eyes squinted as he fell down in the corner, his eyes wet with tears, his beard soaked already, and he put the bottle to his lips, not even caring anymore as he drank the strong golden liquid.He just wanted the pain to go away… He wanted to forget… He wanted out.Why… why had he been the one to live while everyone else was... The suddenly empty bottle hit the floor."Loki," Thor sobbed as he covered his eyes with his hands. "Loki… Help me.. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Time Travel
Depression
Time Travel Fix-It
Postpartum Depression
References to Depression
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Trauma
Infinity Gems
Brodinsons
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
None
