Work Text:
June 24th, 2010
"AVADA KEDAVRA!"
"EXPELLIARMUS!"
There was a blinding flash, and Vanessa Potter knew no more.
~~~
 
August 1st, 1996
Vanessa woke up with a blinding headache to a sterile smell and constant beeps. She blearily opened her eyes, and was met with the sight of what seemed like a… mundane hospital room and a nurse? Why is she in the mundane world? And why does the technology seem outdated?
“Where am I?” she asked, confused.
The nurse looked up, startled. “You are in the Pennsylvania Hospital, you were found unconscious a few miles away from here-”
“Wait, where am I? And what is the date?” Vanessa interrupted.
“It’s August 1st, 1996, dear. And you are in the Pennsylvania Hospital, in Philadelphia, PA.” the nurse paused, uncertain. “Do you not know how you got here?”
Vanessa’s brain raced. The last thing she remembered was the graveyard, and it was 2010 last she remembered. So she clearly time-traveled somehow, and also managed to get herself in America (judging by the accent). And she was unknown, here, away from the fame and expectations…
Vanessa made up her mind. Thank goodness she had been acting for quite a while now.
She made her face look like she was beginning to panic. “I- I don’t know. I can’t remember, I don’t know what happened!”
~~~
 
May 12th, 2002
“Congratulations to Wharton’s Undergraduate Class of 2002!”
Virginia watched as other students and their families hugged and celebrated. She wasn’t sad about her lack of family (though that small part of her that never made it out of the cupboard under the stairs thought it would be nice to actually have someone to rely on).
Moving to a secluded place, she apparated to her small studio apartment, which was mostly empty except for a few boxes, a suitcase, and an air mattress. The rest of her boxes was in her car downstairs, a classic 1969 Volkswagen Beetle, prepared for her move to , where apparently her family owned a small apartment in Los Angeles. She had been accepted to intern in Stark Industries’ financial department, and she planned to work on her masters at USC while working to support herself.
She didn’t have many friends in college, and she wasn’t leaving anything behind by moving, except for a couple of professors she met, though she promised to keep in touch with them. Hopefully, she would make more connections when she started her internship.
~~~
August 30th, 2002
“I have pepper spray, I will use it!”
“Ma’am, please-”
“Millions of dollars are on the line, let me through!”
“I’m sorry ma’am, you need to make and appoin- ARUHG!”
Tony Stark looked up in interest as a disheveled redhead barged into his office, folder clutched in one hand and pepper spray in another.
“I’m sorry for barging in like this, Mr. Stark, but you made a mistake that would have cost the company millions, and my supervisor wouldn’t believe me. I don’t care if you fire me, but-” she cut off, blushing a little as Tony coughed to hide his amusement.
“It’s all right, Miss..?” “Potts, Virginia Potts.” “Miss Potts, then. I know what mistake you are talking about. It has already been fixed in the system. I just wanted to see if anyone would point out the mistake.” He smiled as he said that.
“Oh. Ummm, sorry for pepper-spraying your security. I’ll go pack up then.” Virginia turned around and was about to walk away when Tony called out.
“Miss Potts, you are not fired. Quite the opposite, actually.”
She turned around, confused. “I just barged into your office after pepper spraying your security. How am I not fired?”
Tony chuckled.
“How do you feel about being my PA?”
(TIME SKIP- August, 2003)
Pepper was screwed.
Why?
Tony Stark. The CEO of Stark Industries, a well-known genius playboy (she knew that last bit isn’t true though, the women he takes home only sleep in the guest bedroom.) 
That's why.
Pepper knows how he is viewed by the general public: arrogant, narcissistic, womanizer, volatile. But she knows better than to let the press affect her view of the man. As his PA, she was exposed to a side of Tony Stark that is carefully hidden. And, that is the man she is in love with: fiercely protective, respectful, generous, and though he can be arrogant, it is not undeserved- he is a genius, even more so than people think.
But she is undeniably in love with Tony Stark.
~~~
Tony was screwed.
Why?
Virginia Potts. That fierce, brilliant PA of his, who is quickly gaining a reputation in the business world for being more than his PA but for advising him.
He nicknamed her Pepper, and she rolled with it, soon only introducing herself by that name. She was one of the few people who saw through his masks, past the arrogant womanizer. She stayed, longer than any other PA had. While not always able to keep up with his rambling, she was eager to learn and work through his thought processes, often adding in her own thoughts and ideas. She isn't in it to get into his bed, and only wants to bring the company to higher standing in the world.
And Tony is undeniably in love with Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Pepper Potts
Female Harry Potter
CEO Tony Stark
Time Travel
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

