Chapter 1: Piper May Parker Stark-Strange
    




Chapter Text
Tony was stressed, to put it lightly. He’d been preparing for this day for a very long time, but now that it was here, he could only panic. The only thing stopping him from having several panic attacks was his 16 year old daughter, Piper Parker Stark-Strange.———She was Piper Parker to the public, and only a select few knew her real identity. These people were May, Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, Ned, Doctor Strange-Stark (or Stark-Strange if you asked Tony), and MJ. Piper’s mother, Mary, has turned up at the Malibu house with the newborn, saying she was Tony’s. Tony had checked the child’s DNA, and it was confirmed that he, Tony Stark, was a father to this adorable little girl.He had always sworn he’d never have children because of his damaging and abusive relationship with his own father, but anyone who’d seen the two Starks together, knowing their real identity, always said he was a great father.When Mary and her husband Richard had died in a plane crash, Tony was still uncertain about raising a child full-time, so he gave partial custody to Ben Parker, Richards brother. Richard had later married a woman called May, and they both loved Piper and all time spent with her.When Piper had been bitten by a radioactive spider at Oscorp (Tony always knew there was something wrong with that company), Piper’s living arrangement had changed so that she spent most of her time at the tower with her dad and his husband (her second dad), Stephen Strange.This was good timing because the Rogue Avengers were on the run, so Tony didn’t need to hide Piper from them again - as he had done when they first moved in.Piper hadn't been introduced to the public as Tony Stark's daughter as Tony didn't want her to grow up with everyone knowing who she was, like he had done as a child.When the 'Avengers' was put together, Tony didn’t think he’d introduce her as he didn’t fully trust- or like- them. He had considered it later though, but he was glad he hadn’t because of the whole Accords shit show.———Tony and Piper were in their penthouse, Piper on the ceiling, and Tony pacing beneath her. “Okay, I’m no longer dad, I’m Mr Stark, your mentor. But that is only if they see you. Which they won’t, right Pipes?” She nodded absently, they’d gone over this so many time she could recount it al well as her Cap PSA’s (which was a Stark movie night favourite).Piper looked down at her father, he looked worse as the day went on. She flipped off the ceiling and landed in front of him. Placing her hands on his shoulders, she looked him in the eyes and said to him, “Daddy. You need to calm down. You’re gonna be fine, we won't let anything happen to you. Auntie Pepper will be there. Uncle Rhodey will be there. Auntie Carol will be there. Doctor Dad will be there. And I will be there. Your amazing, wonderful, beautiful, stunning, genius, intelligent, loving, daughter.” She smiled proudly as she heard his heartbeat slow down. He laughed at her last sentence, said quickly and in one breath.He pulled her in for a hug and kissed the top of her head. “I love you kid, you know that, right.”“I love you too. Where’s Doctor Dad?” Tony chuckled at her name for his husband. That was one habit she'd gotten from him, the inability to call people their proper names. Stephen was either ‘Doctor Dad’, ‘Wizard Dad’, or ‘Mama’. One time, after watching all the Harry Potter movies, Piper had called him 'Mr Potter' in her best Snape imitation (which wasn't very good), and whilst Tony had laughed, finding it funny, Stephen had grounded her from patrol for a few days. Therefore, Piper stuck to the more mundane nicknames - but only when the wizard was around.As if by magic, once she mentioned the wizard, an orange portal expanded and said wizard stepped out. Upon seeing his husband and daughter, his face stretched into a relaxing smile. Piper let go of her dad and waited while he went over to greet his husband, but he sidestepped him and walked straight to Piper. “Hello, amazing, wonderful, beautiful, stunning, genius, intelligent, loving, daughter.” Piper beamed. Tony squeaked and left the room. “You’re both out of the will if you keep ganging up on me.” Their laughter grew.Piper and Stephen went over to the couch and sat down, “Hi mama,”“Hello, spider-baby,” Piper frowned at the nickname but crawled onto her father’s lap and closed her eyes.Tony came back in and joined them in front of the TV. He turned it on and a news station was broadcasting the arrival of the recently pardoned Ex-vengers.Tony went pale again, spiraling back into himself. Piper and Stephen both noticed, so Piper distracted him by telling him about her last week of school before they’d broken up for the summer break, and how Ned had gotten a new lego set they’d built on one of May’s days with the girl.Piper managed to talk non-stop for 45 minutes until Stephen gently reminded the two that the rogues were arriving within the next 25 minutes.Stephen was al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Rogue Avengers
Civil War Team Iron Man
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

