Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Steve nodded his head back and forth to the beat of the tinny music that piped through the coffee shop speakers. He'd tied his apron too tight and it was digging into his side, but he was too tired to straighten up from where he leaned both elbows on the edge of the counter to fix it. 


"Is that an octopus?" Darcy asked from behind him.


"It's a squid," Steve corrected, pulling the sharpie away from the cup he was doodling on and holding it up so she could see the shape of it. 


"Oh my god, is that Tony Stark?"


"No, I told you, it's a squid," Steve said with a laugh, then he looked up and saw a man with sunglasses and a goatee, in the most expensive suit Steve had ever seen in his life, pushing through the front door of the shop. "Oh my god, it is."


"Give him the octopus cup!" Darcy hissed, shoving Steve towards the cash register and making him stumble over his own feet. He caught himself on the edge of the counter and smiled up at Tony Stark, who had found the cash register while they were wrestling and was peering at the giant menu boards. 


"Look, I'm going to be entirely honest with you," Tony said, pulling off his sunglasses and dropping his eyes from the menus to Steve's face. His eyebrow quirked up the tiniest bit then his gaze flicked down and up again. Steve told himself firmly that there was no chance that Tony Stark had just checked him out. He met Steve's gaze again and leaned in conspiratorially. "I left the house in a bit of a tornado this morning and I forgot my contacts. I can usually fake it pretty well, but whoever wrote that menu -" he pointed with the arm of his sunglasses "- has very pretty and completely illegible handwriting, and I'm kind of fucked here."


"Um." Steve swallowed down the knot in his throat. "That would be Darcy. Don't worry I'll fire her immediately."


"I'd like to see you try!" Darcy's voice came out from the back kitchen.


"Doesn't seem like that's going to stick," Tony said with a smirk. "You can make it up to me by telling me what's good?"


"Okay." There was really no point in hyperventilating just because Tony Stark had wandered into his coffee shop. They were in New York - granted not the fashionable parts usually populated by rich, famous, super-geniuses, but still. "Bitter or sweet?"


Tony grinned like a shark and now he was 

definitely 

checking Steve out. "I'm flexible."


"Oh." It came out far too close to a squeak for Steve's comfort and he cleared his throat aggressively. "The dark chocolate mocha is good. Kind of halfway between bitter and sweet."


"Perfect. Give me a large. And something dangerously buttery from that pastry case."


"You got it." Steve set the squid cup down by the espresso machine and rang up a large mocha and a croissant. Tony paid with cash then shoved a large wad of bills in the tip cup. Steve mixed the chocolate syrup and then pulled a shot over it, steaming the milk while the coffee burbled out. Tony didn't speak, scrolling through his phone, occasionally making grumpy, little noises. 


With a sigh, Tony stopped scrolling and shoved his phone in his pocket, then turned and stared at Steve for a moment, blinking with the glassy stare of a man who hadn't gotten enough sleep last night. "Are you alright?" Steve asked quietly, while the water hissed through the espresso maker. 


"Huh?" Tony's gaze snapped into focus. "Shit I'm sorry. I didn't mean to stare. I was -" he waved his hand vaguely "- somewhere else."


"That's alright. I just hope you're not going to be responsible for operating any heavy machinery."


Tony chuckled. "Why do you think I made an emergency coffee stop? We're buying a building down the street and we keep having these early morning design meetings here, which means I have to go into the office even earlier, and it's really messing with my schedule. Thank god I noticed you guys. Been here long?"


"The shop's been here for three years. I've been here for two and a half."


"Oh? You don't own it? I thought you were the owner for some reason."


Steve tried not to beam at the idea that he could be taken for the owner. "Probably cause I threatened to fire Darcy. I'm the manager. The owner lives in Florida most of the year, so I do the bulk of the operation."


"Hmm." Tony gave him another once over, gaze considering. "Must be a lot of work."


Steve shrugged. "I enjoy it."


"You should buy the owner out," Tony said, smiling now. "Take over. Doesn't sound like they're very engaged."


"As appealing as that sounds… not only can I not afford it, but I have a dream job, and this isn't it. Not that I don't enjoy it!" he hastened to add. "I do. I love it here. But, you know."


"Gotta have a dream." Tony leaned forward over the end of the counter as Steve shook chocolate flakes on top of his mocha. "What's yours?" he asked, low and secret.


"Um." Steve pointed over Tony's head to the wall opposite. "That's my dream."


Tony spun around and came face to face with the huge pai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
coffee shop AU
established stucky
Stuckony endgame
Marvel Trumps Hate 2018
Romance
Drama
Jealousy
relationship navigation
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Explicit Sexual Content
Doggos - Freeform
rabbit - Freeform
Complicated Relationships
Poly Discovery
Fluff
Domesticity
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

