Chapter 1



Notes:
This story will contain sexual violence, physical abuse and permanent maiming of a character. While these will be mostly featured in the beginning of the story please be careful.




Chapter Text
"Father!" Thor shouted after the old man. "Are you really going to let Loki waste away in the dungeons?""He has committed atrocities. This is his punishment", the king said calmly."You know the healer found residue of tampering in his mind! Are you not going to consider that?""And what would you have me do? Pardon him?""Yes! Pardon him! Give him aid!""Why should I do that?""Because you are the king", Frigga said. "A fair amd just king I hope. To see the circumstances of your son.""If I move him to a normal chamber, on house arrest, will that satisfy you then?""Only if you plan on releasing him eventually.""Very well." His head was hurting. It had done so ever since that beast slammed him into the floor if that thrice be damned tower. The healers said it was his mind healing itself after a violent intrusion. Groaning Loki rested his head in his hands. He barely remembered the Void and the creatures he had seen there. Thanos he did remember. Or thought he did. The damage to his mind belied with memories of the Titan as a saviour. An ally. Did Odin know? Thor did. He had been present when the healers examined him. Granted, he had left once he learnt about the intrusion. Meaning the old man likely knew by now. Would it matter? Did Thor still think of them as brothers? He was sentimental so he probably did.Loki blinked when the energy field to his cell suddenly powered down. Several guards entered and took hold of roughly. Pulling him to his feet, dragging him away. Deciding it was better to go along than struggle he let himself be manhandled. It wasn't until he was pushed into a bare room that he became cautious. There was an enchantment on the chamber. Suppressing his magic. Slowly turning he saw Odin in the doorway. "All-Father", he said through a false smile. "Come to play with your pet?"No answer. The old man motioned and a couple of the guards took hold of him again. Snarling he glared at the man he had called father. With Gungnir in one hand the king placed the other on the Trickster's abdomen. Doing something but without his own magic Loki couldn't tell.Odin turned to leave. Before he closed the door he looked over his shoulder, addressing the guards."He's all yours."Barely had the door been shut before he felt hands pulling on his clothes. A chill went through him when he realised what the All-Father had just given permission to. Loki didn't surrender without a fight but with his magic suppressed and against a larger number he didn't stand a chance.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Rape
Rape Aftermath
Forced Pregnancy
Abortion
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Poor Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Permanent Injury
Marriage of Convenience
Falling In Love
Dark Odin
Thor is a good brother
Avengers are true heroes
Canon What Canon
Not Canon Compliant
Plot is secret

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

