Work Text:

 1. 
 It starts on a muggy Saturday afternoon in the Tower, during a routine (if inconvenient) shut down of FRIDAY’s systems for manually uploaded updates. It’s been three hours of him hunched over a computer combing through code trying to work out kinks, and during that time, the temperature in the lab has dropped drastically. “It’s cold in here,” Tony notes. “Are you cold?” “Mmm,” is Peter’s incredibly informative response. Tony frowns. He raises his eyes from the screen and blinks a few times, trying to clear away the lines burned into his retinas. “Where are you?” “Somewhere.” He sounds half asleep. Instinctively, Tony checks the ceiling. No Spider-Baby.  “Do we have to play Marco Polo?” “Marco.” Last time, it had sounded like he was on the right side of the room. Now it seems like the left. “Are you—are you  moving?” “What?” comes from behind him. “No way. My legs are broken.” “Your legs are  not broken and I demand that you cease this tomfoolery at once.”  Tony is met with a snort of laughter. “You’re such an old man.” “I’m not old. I’m  freezing and I can’t see you.” “Must be the cataracts.” Tony chokes on indignance and pushes out of his chair, leaning around his counter to glimpse the floor. Nothing there, or behind the workstation, or the emergency eye wash station, or any of the other numerous counter spaces in the lab.  “Okay, I give up. You’re watching me from a security camera, aren’t you. You’re laughing at me while I  look for you and talking to me through the speakers. There, mystery solved.” “Uh, first of all, I didn’t even  know  there were cameras in here, and now that I do I’m slightly disturbed because like,  why?” “FRIDAY needs eyes.” “Ah. Makes sense.” “Kid, if you don’t come out from wherever you’re hiding in five seconds I’m going to call the police and tell them I’m being haunted. I’ll get the ghost busters in here, I’ll get Father Malachi Martin on your ass—” “I’m not  hiding.” “Well then  what are you doing?” “Looking.” “For?” “Something.” Tony stops. Pushes down the rising sense of incredulity that  this is his life. Pinches his brow. “You’re being purposefully vague, aren’t you? Just say.” “I don’t want to say. It’s embarrassing.” Tony doesn’t even know what to do with  that. His hands drift up to massage his temples and he continues to circle the lab. It does little for his gradually numbing hands. He can’t have that, can’t get any work done with frozen limbs.  “Have you seen my hoodie?”  “Nooo.” Tony’s eyes narrow. “You’re wearing it, aren’t you?” “Aha!  Found it!” “My hoodie?” “My spider!” Peter shoots to his feet, all the way on the other side of the room. He’s grinning and holding up the small detachable drone that normally finds home on the heart of his suit. “She ran away.” Tony rolls his eyes. “Well thank god you found her. We might’ve had to call the authorities, get a search party going.” “I  know.” He suppresses a smile, watching Peter hug the little spider close to his chest. The drone’s legs click and latch onto the fabric of the hoodie that absolutely, definitely does  not belong to Peter. “Thief,” he accuses.  “I was  cold,” pouts Peter. Then he grins. “Did you know that Pepper writes your initials on your tags like you’re five?” “Okay, that’s it, take it off.” “No, wait, I’m  sorry—” “Not accepted.” “Mr  Stark!”  
2. 
 Tony throws the tip down on the table and rises out of the booth. “Are you done?” he asks Peter, who holds up a finger and proceeds to scarf down the last of his cheeseburger like he hadn’t eaten two more before it, plus fries, plus half of Tony’s onion rings and a chocolate shake.  The kid can pack away a meal, that’s for certain.  “Okay,” Peter says, wiping his mouth on the back of his sleeve, because there  absolutely aren’t napkins readily available. “Let’s—wait a minute, Mr Stark, you accidentally put down a hundred for the tip.” “Oh, that wasn’t an accident.” Peter blinks owlishly. He looks from the money to Tony and back again. “I’ll never be able to comprehend the ability to do that without even thinking twice.” “What, calculate tips? Listen, it’s pretty simple—” “No, not—” Peter shakes his head. “I meant having that much money on hand.” “Well, you’ll have to learn. One day you’ll be flushed with cash.” “Uh, not likely.” Tony decides he’ll save the little detail that he’s already lined up Peter’s future at SI for the next fifteen years at least; there’s an entire department waiting for him to head as soon as he’s ready to take up the mantle. Despite it being undeniably awesome and ridiculously generous of him, he knows the kid gets skittish about things like that, so he pushes it to the back burner and instead guides Peter by the shoulder out of the little burger joint in Brooklyn. “God, I hate this place.” Peter frowns. “Really? I always thought it was one of the nicer boroughs.” Tony huffs. Explaining Brooklyn and the hairstring mental attachments with Steve would be too much. The bell on the door jingles as they step onto th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
irondad and spideyson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
cute fluff lmao
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

