Work Text:
“What do you mean, he’s not here?!”Steve didn’t mean to yell. He really didn’t. He just couldn’t help himself. He stared at Pepper Potts in shock and dismay, waiting for her to laugh or admit she wasn’t telling the truth, or better yet waiting for her to pull Tony out of a hat. Pepper, unmoved by his shout, merely looked back at him with a calm expression. It took more than a bit of yelling to rattle her.“Exactly what I said,” Pepper replied. “Tony isn’t here. You would know that if you’d tried to reach out to him at any point during the past five years.” Her tone strongly implied something that Steve didn’t like, and he felt himself flushing with a mixture of anger and embarrassment.“Tony didn’t want to talk to us,” Natasha said.“Which you’d know, because you know everything,” Pepper said with a razor-sharp smile, before turning back to Steve. “I’m not sure what else I can do for you.”“Do you have a way of contacting him?” Steve asked. “This is – it’s really important.”Pepper just watched him for a long moment without speaking. Her blue eyes bored into Steve; it felt as though she was seeing things that he wasn’t sure he wanted her to, but which he didn’t know how to hide. Natasha stiffened under the scrutiny but said nothing. And Scott – well, Scott was naive, and continued to smile foolishly like there was nothing wrong at all. “I can try,” Pepper said finally. “But I make no promises that he’ll be able to come.”“He’s Tony Stark. Where on earth could he be that he can’t come?” Steve said, exasperated. Didn’t she grasp how important this was?“And therein lies the problem,” Pepper said with a mysterious smile, and turned on her heel. She let the door bang shut behind her, deliberately not inviting them inside. Steve was seized with the strangest compulsion to open the door and enter anyway, but he didn’t know Pepper well enough to be able to guess her reaction. She’d put up with Tony for years, so she must’ve had some kind of will and it was possible she’d back it up with a gun.“I guess we wait,” Steve said, turning to look at Natasha and Scott.Natasha frowned. “I don’t like this. All my sources said that Tony and Pepper married not long after the Decimation. How could they be wrong?” She gave the cabin door an accusatory look, like it was deliberately lying to her.Maybe it was. Maybe Pepper was. Maybe this was a joke and Tony was going to come sauntering out the door within the next five minutes. Steve didn’t know. He didn’t know anything anymore, except that if there was even the slightest chance of Scott’s plan working, they had a responsibility to see it through. Unfortunately, they needed Tony to make it happen.Pepper was gone for a long time. The sun gradually began to fall, casting a riot of late fall colors across the lake. It might’ve been beautiful under any other circumstances, but, as Steve watched the play of red and orange and yellow, all he could think about was Bucky and how unfair it was that Bucky wasn’t here right now. After everything Bucky had been through, he deserved that much.A car pulled up, driving over the fallen leaves, and Steve shot to his feet. Natasha joined him, both of them peering in the direction of the driveway. It was a truck, as it turned out, not a car, with heavily tinted windows. Steve held his breath, hoping that the front door would open and Tony would climb out – “Mommy, we’re home!” The passenger side door swung open and a small child hopped out, landing nimbly on the ground. Natasha gave a quiet gasp. The child stopped to stare at them.Then the driver’s side door opened. It wasn’t Tony who got out, but Happy Hogan. He was smiling until he looked up and caught sight of the three of them standing on the porch. His expression flattened remarkably fast, and he reached out and caught the child’s hand. He pulled the child close and shut the doors to the truck with his opposite hand, then slowly approached.“What are you doing here?” he asked.“Who’re you?” the child asked at the same time. A girl, Steve belatedly realized, catching a glimpse of what looked like long, dark hair tucked up under a cap. She had Pepper’s blue eyes.“We’re old friends of your dad’s,” Natasha said, pasting on the fake smile she used around kids. She didn’t really like kids, Steve knew, unless they were kids with the last name of ‘Barton’. He wondered if it was hard for her to stand here and look at Tony’s daughter, knowing that Clint had lost everything.Happy snorted and shook his head. “Morgan, why don’t you go tell Mommy that we’re here? I don’t think she heard you.”“Okay!” Morgan chirped, clambering awkwardly up the steps. Looking a bit dazed, Scott stepped out of her way as she opened the door and disappeared inside.“We’re here to see Tony,” Steve said before Happy had to ask again. Perhaps they’d have better luck with him instead of Pepper.“Right.” For some reason, that made Happy smirk. He didn’t say anything else; he went back to the truck and started unloading the back of it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
set during the endgame movie
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
team civil war iron man
POV Steve Rogers
yup still salty at steve
though i guess this one could be chalked up more as difference of opinion
Tony Stark Has A Heart
natasha romanov is angry
Protective Peter Quill
implied magical Tony Stark
Endgame AU
tony stark has moved on
steve isn't ready to accept that
steve rogers is oblivious
Pepper Potts takes no shit
au where Peter Quill survived the decimation

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

