Chapter 1: Puppy Pile
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

It was nearly 2 am when the Avengers finally made it back to the tower. Filthy, exhausted, and miraculously uninjured, they dragged themselves out of the quinjet and to their respective rooms to shower.


Then they all gathered in the common room at the top of the tower to eat “whatever the hell is still open/not destroyed and delivers” in takeout. (This time it was Chinese, pizza and Indian.) It was Tradition.


And today, Peter Parker joined in for the very first time.


“Try the pizza with some noodles on top. It’ll change your life,” Bucky said, piling Peter’s plate high with alternating layers of carbs. Strands of dark wet hair were trying to escape his man bun, but Bucky was ignoring it. Peter wondered if he knew putting his hair up like that while it was wet would make it curl. 


“I don’t think udon noodles goes with pepperoni pizza,” Peter said warily.


“Don’t give him that Buck,” Steve complained. “You can’t put udon on pepperoni.”


Peter sighed in relief as the plate was taken from him.


“Everyone knows that you have to put honey chicken on pepperoni,” Steve continued, and shoved a new monstrous plate at Peter.


Peter gave a low groan, but didn’t complain. He was too tired to argue. Steve ignored him anyway.


Clint rolled his eyes. “And I say that curry goes best on pepperoni. Spice on spice. Makes sense. You can’t pair honey with pepperoni-”


“Sweet and spicy is a classic!” Steve protested.


Peter did his best to pick the glazed chicken off his pizza.


“Sure, but the cheese ruins it-” Clint started.


“Ugh- not this again!” Tony groaned, emerging from the elevator. “What did I say about arguing at the dinner table?” he mock scolded, and smacked Clint upside the head as he walked past him.


The beta whined. “It’s Cap’s fault! He was giving the kid honey chicken on pepperoni!” he tattled.


“Only because Bucky gave him udon-”


Tony smacked Steve upside the head, which made Steve give off a grumbly growl of protest.


“You all are a bunch of uncivilized knotheads, you know that? Peter’s a growing omega! Which means he’s got a refined palate and does NOT need heaps of junk like you alphas!” He turned to Peter. “You have the butter chicken yet, kid?”


Peter shook his head around his bite of slightly glazed pizza. Which was only mildly inedible. Clint was right. The cheese ruined it.


Clint rolled his eyes. “Not an alpha,” he sang resignedly. Everyone ignored him.


Tony shoved another plate at him, this time filled with rice and chicken and some sort of red sauce.


Behind Tony, Clint made frantic miming motions of dunking the pizza in the sauce at Peter.


Peter ignored him.


“Did anyone remember to order a salad this time?” Natasha asked as she emerged from the elevator. She wore sweatpants and what looked like one of Clint’s wife beaters. Her normally shoulder length red hair had vanished up into a towel hat, which Peter found baffling. His Aunt May always did the same thing after a shower. Where did the hair go? Why was it done?  


Girls were so... weird sometimes. 


“I placed an order for three salads, Ms. Romanoff,” Jarvis said primly from the ceiling.


“Are you really going to eat 

salad 

right now?” Bucky asked, scandalized. “You took out like 4 guys with just your thighs- eat a fucking piece of pizza!”


She snorted. “The Maria Stark gala is in two weeks, and 

some 

of us have to fit into our spanx,” she said levelly, grabbed two salads, and pointedly shoved one of them in front of Clint.


“Hey!” he protested.


“You’re not allowed to get scurvy again, remember?” she said archly.


Clint made a face of disgust. “Can’t I just have some orange juice with my pizza?” he whined.


“No.”


Clint sighed, but started on the salad.


Tony started piling naan on Peter’s plate, and gave him the last salad.


Peter choked on a bite of chicken. “Why do I get the salad?” he whined. “I can’t get scurvy!”


“Because you’re still growing. Now eat,” Tony said firmly.


Clint, the eternal bro, tossed Peter a bottle of ranch dressing. Peter caught it without looking. As a protest, he drowned his salad in it.


Everyone ate in silence for a few moments.


“Where’s Bruce?” Peter asked.


“That is an excellent question. Jarvis, where’s Brucie Bear?” Tony asked.


“Doctor Banner is in his labs, sir.”


Tony rolled his eyes. “Tell him if he doesn’t get his butt up here I’ll eat his vegetarian meatballs.”


A few seconds later, Bruce’s voice filtered down from the speakers in the ceiling. “You ordered malai kofta?” he asked hopefully.


“Jarvis was in charge of ordering so I’m going with yes,” Tony said.


“I’ll be up in a minute,” Bruce said.


Silence returned as everyone shoveled food into their faces. Bucky and Steve had a quiet competition to see who could shove the most food in their mouth at one time, Peter guessed. He couldn’t really explain the chipmunk cheeks on both of th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Omega Peter Parker
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Peter Parker Whump
Domestic Fluff
No Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Whump
Puberty
Slow Burn
Domestic Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Sick Fic
Victim Blaming
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Ace Harley

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

