Work Text:
"Damn it!"Tony rubs his head and blinks to focus his eyes around the light spots that the explosion gifted him with. Of course testing the scope of an Omega-level mutant would cause something to detonate spectacularly. In retrospect, he feels silly for not having expected it. Next time he and Reed even attempt to test Franklin, there's going to be some precautions in place. A few meters of radiation shielding will be a good start.Clearing his vision doesn't do much to help. It looks like he's in his lab in the Tower sub-basement, but the lights are on the lowest setting possible. They'd probably been triggered by his movements. At least, his lab has motion-activated lights; he assumes that any copies of it would be the same. A thin layer of grime under his hand suggests that it hasn't been used in a while. Nothing else gives him any clues about where—or when—he's been transported to.Extremis helpfully lets him know that his arrival triggered a silent alarm and security forces will arrive in three-point-two-eight seconds.Wonderful.Exactly three-point-two-eight seconds later, the door slides open and dark-clad troops trot in. The lights are still too low to make out details, but they look a lot more professional than the high-end forces he usually employs. Tony's been a hero long enough to recognize extensive training when it points a gun at him. He levers himself to his feet, rubbing the bruises he'd gotten when he fell."It's a really, really long story," he offers, trying to ignore the guns pointed at him. Move slow, act normal and he might not end up as Swiss cheese. "I'll go voluntarily, but I need to speak to Captain America or Reed Richards. Hell, or even Tony Stark." If he can't even explain things to an alternate version of himself, then he really is well and truly screwed."Stark is dead," someone says near the back. Even in the dark room, Tony can see the troops straighten, taking on an extra sharp professional aura. "You'll have to settle for me.""Sir!" One of the men near the front looks torn between keeping his eye on Tony and turning to salute the person coming up from behind. Tony won, which somehow fails to make him feel special. "He said he'd come voluntarily, if he can—""I heard him, Lieutenant. Let's see what we've caught. Lights." High-powered florescent light flood the room, nearly blinding Tony after he'd had time to adjust to the lower levels. He shields his eyes and squints, then drops his hand when he realizes who's in front of him.Even half-blind, half-dead and completely in a different universe, Tony would know Steve Rogers.The soldiers—and they're definitely soldiers, American Army if Tony knows anything at all—are too professional to gasp, but he can hear them shuffle in surprise. That makes sense, if he's dead here. "Steve," Tony sighs in relief. "Thank god you're—"Tony doesn't even see the punch coming.Dusty tools scatter everywhere as Tony falls backwards, rolling over the work table behind him. He keeps rolling, landing on his feet when he hits the edge and backing away. Pain shoots down his jaw where the punch landed, but the blow hadn't actually been that strong. It doesn't feel broken. If Steve really wanted to, he could have shattered it."Skrull!" Steve shoves the table aside, advancing. "You think you'll use his face to disarm me? Maybe rally the pro-Registration side and start the war back up? Not in my America!""Cap, what the hell?" Tony keeps backing away, until he bumps up against a wall. "It's me— what do you mean, war? Registration?" Does he mean the SHRA? They haven't even talked about that yet; Tony knows it's going to go badly and he'd been hoping to put it off. They still have months before it becomes unavoidable, anyway.Another punch rocks Tony into the wall, but there's nowhere left to retreat. "Cap," he gasps, spitting out blood and raising his eyes to Steve's. The face behind the cowl is twisted in barely contained rage, bordering on bestial. "I swear, I'm Tony Stark. I'll prove it any way you want.""You'll get your chance." Steve gestures the soldiers forward, and Tony does his best to stand up without wobbling while cuffs are slapped on his wrists. At least they've cuffed him in front; it's easier to balance and just slightly less demeaning. "Check him with the Skrull detector. If he's clean, run a DNA comparison.""Yes, sir, General Rogers, sir!"Captivity isn't too bad. For one, it's not really a cell Tony's locked in. They'd just cleared out one of the better offices, which means there's carpet and a window. When he looks outside, New York still looks like New York, which is reassuring in a way. If some sort of apocalypse struck this world, Tony would expect New York to be the first place to be destroyed. It's quiet for mid-afternoon, and there's more American flags in evidence than usual, but the lack of destruction is definitely a good sign.The soldiers who guard Tony don't really seem to know what to do with him. They refuse to speak, but when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Psychological Torture
Torture
Alternate Reality

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

