Chapter 1: Another Complication
    


Summary:

What would’ve happened if Bruce hadn’t fallen asleep, back in Chapter 1?



Notes:
Chapter-specific warnings: the usual, with some mild spoilers for the Final Battle arc and how the main fic's going to end. Again, it's very, very rough; this kind of format's how I outline, and I do not intend to write this anytime soon. You've been warned.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
Tony trusted Bruce with his heart, and maybe, in another life, Bruce picked up on the gravity of the situation. 
In another life, he would’ve gone ‘wait a minute, let me get tea because it’s either that or risk an elevated heart rate because your life was in danger and your only ally for part of it was a kid who wasn’t even past puberty’. 
Sure, he might not have been a good listener, might’ve interrupted a bit, and maybe he missed a few bits [since the ‘we make our own monsters’ bit wouldn't have fallen very well with Bruce], but he at least listened. 
And once Tony’s finished, he goes ‘excuse me, I need to go to the Hulk room because you’re a friend and you were at risk and brb gotta break something’. This is so not what he’s trained for, isn’t anywhere near what he’s trained for, but his friend needs him so dammit he’ll try to be as supportive as Tony’s been for him.
Because Bruce may not have PTSD, after having been hunted by General Ross, but that’s only because he instinctively knows the Other Guy takes care of most problems. Plus his years of searching for a cure means he’s aware of different approaches to mental health, and maybe it was useless for his predicament but maybe, just maybe, it might help Tony. 
Tony, meanwhile, finds that he’s got support from an unexpected quarter; he’d only wanted a sympathetic ear, had only wanted someone to understand, and yet Bruce seems to be furious on his behalf? What gives? Weird.
Weird, but...it's nice.
 

Basically, what happens in the short-term is Tony gets help from someone who’s not a vaguely-morally-ambiguous AI. 
So, slightly healthier coping mechanisms, but also not exactly what a doctor would prescribe, given Bruce’s knowledge is all over the place: a breathing technique he picked up from Tibetan monks, a tea from Argentina, etc. 
 
Bruce has been mostly living on the go, but right now Tony needs support and he’s the only one who can give it who’s not an AI, so as strange as it feels to not move every two weeks or so, he sticks around. 
Rhodey is very happy that Tony’s got someone who can be there for him, Pepper’s got part of Legal working on securing a better defense for whenever this Ross guy tries for the Hulk again, and also supportive [while also adding a line-item for R&D’s ‘property damage because SCIENCE’ budget], and JARVIS is slowly warming up to him. 
Time passes, and when CA2 happens, he’s on the sidelines because anything otherwise would be a Bad Idea given how overworked Legal is at the moment, plus the press doesn’t need any more fuel for the fire that is the DC breach. That being said, he’s also watching how Tony’s tearing apart at the seams dealing with the fallout, and going ‘yo this isn’t okay, what gives?’
Tony’s marginally more invested in the team, meanwhile Bruce is more reserved than canon. 
He doesn’t fall in love with Natasha [because I just can’t see it, no matter what canon says plus I can’t confidently write romance to save my life anyway], and is  watching things pan out and not liking what he sees.
He immediately steps up during the Penthouse Incident, because having seen Tony at his lowest, he knows what his coping mechanisms are, and is even more protective of him because of it. Turns out that having eyes flash green [because the Other Guy also disagrees with how the team’s treating Tony] in the middle of an argument is a good way to derail things, who knew?
Johannesburg’s still a huge mess. 
 

The Hulk fought Wanda’s influence, but her power is insidious to the extreme and Bruce feels the kernels of true hatred when he sees the wreckage, sees Tony’s injuries, and the Other Guy’s absolute horror and fury when he came to and found that he'd hurt his best friend—
 
Canon ensues, but he’s less shaky because he can’t afford to be. His entire life’s hinged on keeping his head down and surviving, on keeping quiet and ready to run, but now there’s someone who’s fought for him [legally, giving Ross hell; but he also did his level best to give him a home, and was so, painfully kind—], who’s hurting and he’s the only one who can do anything about it. 
So he does. Bruce is shaking like a leaf inside, but by now part of that's the smoldering rage that comes with seeing how the rest of the team's coming down on Tony and the bitter knowledge that they're accepting this woman who just forced him to experience his worst nightmare. 
Wanda’s wary of him, and the team as well, because they’ve seen him with calm anger before, but this is pure, frigid wrath. [Some t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Remix
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
BAMF Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Unreliable Narrator
Codependency
Mental Health Issues
Tony Stark Has Issues
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Unhealthy Relationships
Dubious Morality
Miscommunication
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Universe Alteration
Crack Treated Seriously
BAMF everyone
BAMF SI Legal Team
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags May Change
Tags Are Hard
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Warnings May Change
Originally Posted on Tumblr
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

