Chapter 1



Notes:
Since I dig badass Tony time-travel fics, ironpanther, and Tony & Peter Parker fluff, I decided to combine them into a super fic that has totally destroyed my writer's block. :) It's been a long time since I watched Age of Ultron and I honestly don't have an interest in watching it again, so I'm sure some details have been forgotten. I'm not worried about any mistakes I make regarding canon as a consequence so you shouldn't be, either. Also, I moved up the timeline a bit, because I wanted Peter to already be Spider-Man when all this is happening. But it shouldn't really affect the story at all, just throwing it out there for all you adorable sticklers. :)




Chapter Text
Tony gasped, lungs that had just collapsed with their last breath expanding painfully. He coughed and sputtered, his hands clenching into the fabric below him. That wasn’t right - he’d been grasping at ash only moments before. Breathing it, just like on Titan when Peter had died in his arms. But there was no ash, here. The air smelled like grease and metal and ozone. He wasn’t cold anymore, either. He wasn’t in pain. Tony opened his eyes. He was... in his workshop. On a couch. But not the workshop in the lakehouse he’d spent the last five years existing in, wandering around its rooms like a ghost. It wasn’t even his workshop at the Compound. He drank in the familiar walls, the sound of DUM-E whirling and wheeling around in the background. He was in his tower, the one he’d sold after he’d lost everything - his friends, his faith in others, his faith in himself. “Sir? Are you well?” Something rippled in his chest, an understanding, perhaps, that tingled and spread out to his limbs. “I'm dead,” he whispered. “JARVIS, oh my God, I knew you had a soul. I mean, of course, you did.” He stood and walked with long strides to the middle of the room. His smile was so wide it hurt his cheeks. He thought he’d never hear that voice again, well, outside of Vision. “While I appreciate the sentiment, sir, I would like to assure you that you are not dead.” Tony’s brows furrowed. “Uh, pretty sure I am, buddy. I distinctly remember going out in a blaze of glory. Saved half the Universe in the process. Plus, you’ve been dead for eight years, so if I’m talking to you, well.” His eyes widened with realization. “Unless - J, did you not...realize you’re dead?” There was a beat of silence, unusual for JARVIS but not unheard of when Tony used to do something that baffled even something with processors as powerful as his. “Sir, I assure you I am not dead, and neither are you. I am concerned about your health as you are displaying symptoms of a possible stroke. Scanning now.” Tony squawked in outrage when blue light extended from the scanners in the corner to move up and down his body. “I am not having a stroke! JARVIS, buddy, you’ve been dead since 2015.” “The date today is August 5, 2015.” Tony’s knees went weak and he had to stumble over to one of his stools and sit down hard on it or risk falling. DUM-E and U wheeled over, making little beeps and whirls of distress. “I - what? No, no, I’m pretty sure when I woke up this morning it was 2023. Jesus. Okay, this - this isn’t happening.” He waved off the cup of cold coffee DUM-E was trying to push at him. “I’m in a coma or something. Or some fucked up purgatory.” “Scans complete. I don’t see anything out of the ordinary, but I would suggest you go to the med bay. I will alert -” “No, JARVIS. No, no med bay. I just.” He put his hands in his hair and tugged harshly at it. “Shit shit shit. What the hell is happening?” “Sir...” Damn, twice in one day he’d made JARVIS hesitate. “Perhaps you should explain to me exactly why you believe you are from eight years in the future.” Tony paused because, really, if this was all happening in his head, then wouldn’t this count as talking to himself? He was so distracted by his whirling thoughts that he allowed DUM-E to push the cup of coffee into his hand. He took a sip, then sputtered when the disgusting, gloopy excuse for caffeine hit his tongue. The sourness spread down his throat despite his attempts to spit it out. “Dammit, DUM-E, how hard is it to make a cup of coffee,” he groaned before wiping his tongue on the inside of his t-shirt, which only made it worse by adding the taste of grease and sweat to the whole horrible cocktail. Just like that, he knew this was real. The taste, the way DUM-E drooped while U scolded him, the cleaning bots that sped out to clean up the coffee he’d spit on the floor. It was too vivid. Even the horrible hallucinations Wanda had sent him didn’t feel this real. “Holy shit, I traveled back in time.” “That is incredibly impressive, sir,” JARVIS said. “Perhaps you should explain to me how this is possible. As far as I can tell, nobody has been successful in discovering the secret to time travel.” Tony’s heart felt full to bursting. Because he’d missed this, the acceptance, the lack of doubt. The only person he’d found after JARVIS die
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & T'Challa

freeform: 
Time Travel
Fix-It
BAMF Tony Stark
Irondad
spiderson
Timelines are messed with
Details are fudged
Tony has some morally grey moments
Kicking ass and taking names
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
not team Cap friendly
But not exactly bashing either
Tony Leaves the Team but Gets a New One
Team as Family
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
BAMF yet Confused T'Challa
Tony Stark Lives
Team Iron Man
no morgan stark
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & T'Challa

