Work Text:
  
 Tony's actually in a meeting when he gets the text.It's from Happy, his loyal but too serious bodyguard slash chauffeur.Boss, I just dropped the kid off at the house. He literally begged me not to tell you, but he isn't feeling too well. - HHTony frowns at the message and thinks for a half second before he shoots a text to his son.Hey, kiddo. How's class going? - TSThere’s silence for a few seconds before his inbox is flooded in Peter's usual lightning fast but short sentence texts.
…
 ...Happy told you, didnt he
im sorry, i wasnt feeling good
 They said I should just go home
 And I told Happy not to tell you
 he promised but I guess he lied
 I'm fine, really just need to nap.
 Sorry, mama.
It's the last line that gets him because lately, Peter has been trying to stop calling him mommy or mama. he wants to be more formal, more grown up and just call Tony mom, but it slips when he's feeling particularly vulnerable.Meaning his baby needs him right this instant.Tony excuses himself from the meeting and texts Happy to bring him home. Smart man, the beta is already waiting for him when Tony strolls out of the building.He makes it to their home in Queens in record time but doesn't text to let his son know. Peter, despite being a clingy child, has some guilt about pulling Tony away from his job. The omega doesn't know where it comes from since he has always reassured his boy that he would move mountains for him.Tony loosens his tie, slipping off his shoes when he enters their home.There's a scent neutralizer in the air so the omega can't tell from scent alone if his son is in distress. Scent neutralizers in the ventilation but the walls aren't soundproof. The only ones that are soundproof are Tony's bedroom for… reasons... Not that he needs it. The omega hasn't had a partner for heats or otherwise since Peter was a baby.He approaches Peter's bedroom and pauses when he hears sounds from inside.A soft moan. His hand stills on the doorknob before he decides to knock.He gets a soft yelp and the sound of something crashing on the floor. Tony raises a brow but schools his expression when Peter cracks the door open."Mama?" Peter whispers incredulously. He licks his dry lips and blinks too rapidly. "Aren't you supposed to be in a meeting…?"Normally, Tony would have a sassy reply instantly but something… It's… It's hard to pinpoint really, but the scent is familiar and it makes Tony's insides clench and his legs feel weak. He hasn't responded like that in so long and the last time–Tony's eyes widen when the realization hits. It's all processed in less than a second and his instincts surge to life inside him."A little birdie told me you aren't feeling well," Tony says coyly, leaning closer.He gets more of that scent, spice and musk… Knows by the way Peter's lips quiver that he's catching his omega mother's scent at the same time. Peter's eyes dilate, the pupils expanding and eating up the brown of his irises. Brown eyes that he shares with his omega parent.Does Peter even know what Tony's scent means?If he's presenting today, the deeper notes in Tony's scent might still be a mystery. In that case, his body would be responding but Peter wouldn't know, consciously, why he's so aroused. Why Tony's scent is turning him on so much when just yesterday, his nose only registered comfort and security."I told Happy–" Peter groans, "Mom, I'm okay, I just need a minute."Tony smirks but when he tries to nudge the door open, Peter holds it steady, a soft whine of, "Mama, p-please–"He abruptly stops talking when Tony caresses his cheek, subtly posing his wrist right next to the boy's nose. He's feeding his presenting boy the scent of a viable omega. It's a dirty trick but he just wants to help and possibly ease his son's suffering."Baby, I can smell it," Ton says gently, "You're becoming a man… An alpha.""Mama…" Peter groans, breathing the scent in with greedy lungfuls of breath."It hurts, doesn't it?" Tony encourages his son to speak honestly.Peter swallows, so unsure, but he whimpers when Tony continues stroking his cheek, soothing and arousing at the same time."It does," he admits, "but… but… I…"Tony's poor baby is struggling."Do you want Mama to help, darling?" Tony coos to his son. "I can make the hurt go away.""You can?" Peter looks at him with wide eyes, full of trust and innocence.It makes Tony's heart beat so harshly against his chest. His body responds too, but he's already been dripping slick since he smelled his son's arousal. The scent of an alpha entering a rut. It's even more potent for a first time presentation. It's even more arousing that it's his baby boy, his sweet Peter."Open the door, baby," Tony encourages, "I'll help you feel better."Peter's breathing escalates, his body practically vibrating with unspent energy. Tony can read all the signs and more slick drips out of him when he does.His sweet Peter is going to be such an amazing, good alpha.His son opens the door and Tony almost sinks to his knees r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Intersex
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Peter Parker
Breeding
Impregnation
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Lactation Kink
Pregnant Sex
Knotting
Marathon Sex
Mommy Kink
Rutting
Lingerie
Mpreg
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

