Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Here.” the blonde man snapped his fingers and pointed to a spot at his side and just slightly behind, ordering the pretty brunette to stand in a position of obvious deference. “I want you right here.” The brunette swallowed, jaw clenching in a visible attempt to keep himself under control, but didn’t move. “I told you–” the blonde leaned in and hissed something furious and from the other side of the jewelry store, Bucky turned to Steve with narrowed eyes and gritted teeth. “I see it.” Steve kept staring down at the display of rings, his entire frame nearly vibrating with tension. “Not our problem, Buck.” “He wants his sub to stand behind him like a slave?” Bucky spat. “In public? He’s over there looking at collars and his sub clearly doesn’t want that!” “We don’t know that.” Steve maintained, his fists clenched so tight his nails were leaving marks in his palm. “Another couple’s dynamic isn’t ours to judge, or ours to understand or ours to intrude on. Unless his sub is visibly being hurt, and even then, even if his sub obviously doesn’t want it–” “I’m going over there.” Bucky decided and Steve’s head snapped up. “I’m going over there and gonna tell him to lay the hell off. Can’t treat a sub like that, it just ain’t right!” “Bucky!” Steve grabbed at Bucky’s wrist to stop him, applying just enough pressure to make Bucky’s pale eyes widen in surprise. “It’s not our place.” “Look.at.him.” Bucky ground out, not shaking off Steve’s grip but also not backing down. “Look at his eyes, Stevie. He doesn’t want any of that.” “Bucky–” Steve started to argue again, to remind Bucky that stepping between a Dom and sub wasn’t tolerated, to remind Bucky of the night they’d both spent in jail just a few months ago. Bucky had clocked another Dom for manhandling his sub, and when the Dom had gotten up to go after Bucky, Steve had stepped in and laid him out cold. No one touched Bucky, no one except Steve, and even the police officers responding to the scene hadn’t handcuffed Bucky, telling Steve to do it instead. What happened between a Dom and a willing sub was nobody’s business but–The brunette ducked his head and cringed away when the blonde Dom went to touch his hair and Steve practically growled. “It ain’t right.” Bucky said again, and this time Steve nodded. “It ain’t right.” ***************Tony didn’t mean to cringe away, but his face still stung from the last slap his Dom gave him, and when Ty reached to adjust the curl that always seemed to fall into Tony’s eyes no matter how much gel he used, Tony flinched and stumbled back a step. “Get back here.” Ty’s eyes lit furious and embarrassed, well aware that more than one person in the jewelry store had seen the sub pull away from him. “This is why you need a collar, isn’t it? To remind you of your place!” Tony closed his eyes and tried to steady his breathing. “A subs place is at their Dom’s side, not behind as if we are less.” “A sub’s place is to be where their Dom demands!” Ty was nearly purple with rage. “Now stop embarrassing me and–” “Seems’ta me like you’re a shitty Dom.” Tony jumped when a voice spoke from over his shoulder, the words dragging with a slight Brooklyn drawl and weighted with danger. “So why don’t you back up and give him some space?” Tony shuddered when a big brunette with long hair moved into his space and then was surpassed by an even bigger blonde who went nose to nose with Ty and ordered quietly, “Stand down before you make a scene.” “Can I touch you, sweet thing?” the brunette muttered, and Tony was too shell shocked to answer, and the stranger nodded and took a step away. “Alright. No worries.” “My name is Steve Rogers.” the blond didn’t look away from Ty, but he kept his tone quiet and soothing as he spoke to Tony. “Bucky is mine and I am his, and if we are over stepping our bounds right now, please say so clearly.” Tony stayed quiet, and the brunette– Bucky– asked again, “Can I touch you, sweet thing?” This time Tony nodded, and immediately a big hand settled at the flat of his back, fingers spread wide to cover as much as possible and Tony’s knees went weak, a whimper building in his throat at the gentle, protective contact. Ty’s mouth dropped at the sight of a stranger touching his sub but when he went to move, Steve shook his head. “No. Don’t move. Will you tell Bucky your name?” “Tony.” he said in a near whisper and Bucky whispered back, “Is it alright if Stevie calls you Tony, or should he call you something else?” “Tony’s fine.” “This is Tony.” Bucky said loud enough for Steve to hear. “And it’s alright for you to call him exactly that.” “Tony.” Steve said firmly, and Bucky smiled when he felt Tony tremble beneath his palm. Steve had a way of saying names that made every sub or switch in the area want to shiver, and it was only one of the things Bucky loved about his Dom. “Tony.” Steve said again and when Ty jerked like he was going to protest, Steve cleared his throat loudly to bring the other Dom to a halt.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
(at the beginning but then they break up)

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Switch Bucky Barnes
Sub Bucky Barnes
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Tiberius Stone
d/s verse
First Meeting
established stucky
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Subdrop
Aftercare
Strangers to Friends
Mature Rating Might Change
dom/sub dynamics
subs Have Few Rights in This Verse
Rope Bondage
safeword
Panic Attacks
super soft boys
Trust Issues
Platonic Cuddling
Platonic Bed Sharing
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Healing
BAMF Steve Rogers
Past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
Polyamory Negotiations
Contracts
Sleepy Cuddles
Sleepy Kisses
Possessive Steve Rogers
Ty is an Asshole
Explicit Trust
Implied Rough Sex
Divorce sort of
Court
Judge May Parker
Tiberius Gets His Shit Knocked Out
Subspace
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
(at the beginning but then they break up)

