Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony wakes up with Hulk roaring in his face, with Thor leaning over him, Steve not far from them – there are familiar buildings leaning over them all, all of them in a familiar state of being battered. It's like a scene from a nightmare – one he usually doesn't wake up from. This part, this, Hulk roaring in his face, this goes differently. Happens, but also doesn't – usually it's with him still floating in space, or with New York destroyed, or –Shit."It worked," Tony breathes, staring at the beautiful blue sky high above them all – there are still signs of the disturbance there, the clouds are all funky – distractedly he wonders, again and for the millionth time, why the portal didn't just suck out the atmosphere, it was opened to the dead of space, there was no air, it was near vacuum, so why didn't air go in, why didn't – "Oh, god, it worked."He can feel the hyperventilation coming along, so he breathes harder to undercut it, deep breaths now, stay in control -"You scared us, Tony," Steve says with a hopeless, relieved sort of smile on his face, and Tony looks up at him. He has dialogue that goes here – something about shawarma, wasn't even that good – but he can't. Steve looks so fucking bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, even with dust and blood and bruises on his face. 2012 Steve Rogers in all of his innocence."Yeah, I bet," Tony says, blinking, scrambling to say something normal instead of… something not so normal."What – what happened?""You got the missile through the portal," Steve reports. "And then you fell – Hulk caught you."Yeah, Tony remembers. Not the actual thing, he was pretty well passed out, but he'd seen videos. Gotten drunk over them and thrown up all over his workshop too, because of them. Early stages PTSD and anxiety fun."It's over," Steve says and smiles brighter. God, he's so pretty. "We won.""It isn't over yet," Thor says, determined and not a hair out of place. "There is still Loki."Tony looks between them. Young pretty boy Steve, Hulk without glasses, not soft Thor, this is young Thor, frat boy Thor with luxurious golden locks and not yet enough trauma to fill up a beer keg. "Yeah, yeah," Tony says, lays his head down on the rubble below him for a moment and breathes. Loki. Shit. Yeah. "I'm getting up."They wait for him until Thor loses patience and holds out his hand. Tony looks at it – he has the hammer in the other hand. Worthy, Tony thinks and wonders what that actually means. Steve can use the hammer too. What the fuck is worthy in the Asgard realm? Hell, Asgard is still a place that exists too. Huh.Tony takes the hand offered and lets himself be pulled up. Loki is captured, and then the rescue operations start. Tony has his company throw an appropriate amount of money at the operations, ordering the right people to delegate. Somewhere someone gets all the firemen, police and all the useful vehicles they can get their hands on to the scene, in some cases having them carried on choppers from a neighbouring city, and it all happens under Tony's name. Iron Man makes an appearance, briefly, when a bridge starts showing signs of falling over, but that was mostly on autopilot. Somewhere, the Avengers do – something.Tony has a drink and then tracks down their guests from the other realm.Loki is under lock and key until Powers That Be start making their moves to claim him. HYDRA and Pierce, that's point 2 in Tony's itinerary. Actually, maybe 3, Loki himself might be number 2. Maybe Thor, if he can get through the frat boy exterior, which is – debatable. Point 4 in his itinerary would be Rhodey, isn't that shitty of him, to shove poor Rhodey back like that? Like he always does.Point 1 and maybe Only is Pepper. Tony has a phone in hand, and it's ringing, and Pepper is Point 1, and he cannot quite muster up the courage to answer.Hearing Pepper's voice might heal him. Might break him. He can't tell which one it will be, but it will be ugly."Sir?" JARVIS says, and Tony nearly flinches out of his skin. "Miss Potts is on the line.""I know, J, I know," Tony says, looking at the phone. Pepper's face is on it. She's beautiful. Younger. Not yet stressed out of her brilliant cutting edge mind. It's not his Pepper, but it's kind of his Pepper, but also kind of not – and good god, JARVIS too…In and out, breathe in… and out. No time for panic attacks.Tony blows out a breath and then closes his eyes. Like taking a stab, or an injection, or ripping off a band aid, he answers the phone."Tony, oh my god,"  is Pepper's greeting, and Tony quivers like something structurally unsound in an earthquake – her voice."Hey, Pep," he says, his voice thin, reedy. "Hey, how – how are you? Where are you, are you –""In Washington – where are you, how are you? I saw the footage, I saw you – flying to the portal – ""Washington, right, that’s – that's good, how's the weather -""- and I saw you fall, I was on a plane watching you fall, and you called me and I didn't even hear, Tony, I'm sorry – you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Villain Tony Stark
Do not repost
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Don't copy to another site
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

