Chapter 1: The Web Ensnares
    




Chapter Text
With great power comes great responsibility, that was the credo that he had lived by all his life.
 
Ever since he first saw the repercussions for making a choice out of hate instead of love, he always thought of his uncle’s dying words. Be it to save one or a hundred, to chose his future over his love, or to think of what he would be when the next day rose, it all depended on that power. The power he had that no other man in the city could fathom. It was something incredible, and something that scared him.
 
And that was before he had bonded with an alien that turned his power from ‘super’ to ‘ultimate’.
 
Beyond the scope of just being able to climb walls, shoot webs, or jump great distances, he could lift more, run more, sense more, be more. His Spider Sense let him sense danger, but the suit made it feel like he could sense the world. Like the ground beneath him was his web, and everything in it was his prey. His choice to let live, to let die, or to be spun up in his webbing and left as a decision for another day. It was all there, and all for him.
 
That power… terrified him. Enough that it took the love of his life, all of them, to break him out of it once before. That had been by the skin of his teeth, and it was so close he couldn’t fathom being drawn that far in again, not without consequences he knew he couldn’t pay. It would be too much for him… and that would be the end of him.
 
So, of course, that power came with a test. The invasion of the Symbiotes on New York City
 
“Get back here Brock!” Peter yelled at the beast as he swung through the city, screaming with that massive maw of his, looking nothing like the old reporter who just wanted to find some good in his life. If the black suit, tendrils of icky blackness, and slobber for gluttony didn’t cover it, then what he was doing definitely did. “You put MJ down right now or I will end you!” Peter meant it.
 
He Venom, Brock, was almost as capable as him when he wore that symbiotic suit. Peter had it before, and he knew exactly how powerful it could be. But he wasn’t just a Spider-Man. He was an angry one, one that had just seen the greatest love of his life being swung away with as a threat by a man who had already accepted becoming a monster. Peace was not an option.
 
It took little time for Peter to catch up to Brock, the hulking mass that he was. It took more time to figure out how to take him down without hurting MJ or anyone else. That was a window that was closing fast, as every solution his mind came up with ended with kill.
 
When he saw the villainous symbiote throw MJ away, dashing away in another direction, that voice won out.
 
A full cartridge of his webbing was shot out to catch Mary Jane, slamming her against a wall, but keeping her as guarded as a fortress, far better than falling the dozens of stories to the ground below. That left him time to get to Brock, to Venom, and deliver to him the beating he needed. Catching him was easy. Beating him up was easier.
 
Peter couldn’t even fully recall when he had caught up to the corrupted symbiote and when he started laying into him. He only realized he was punching him in mid-air one moment, watching the cracked jaw of the dark-suited monster writhe, then hitting the top of a SHIELD car the next. And all the while, he never stopped beating into Venom.
 
Fist over fist and foot after kick, all of them laying into the man who had so gleefully talked about killing MJ like it was a credible threat. He wasn’t allowed to do that. No one was. She was his, and no one would take her from him. The thoughts screamed in Peter’s head as he kept going at Brock, not stopping his blows until he felt out of breath, until his body was to tired to lift a fist again.
 
When that happened, he saw the still body of Venom beneath him, Brock’s face peaking out beneath.
 
And in the reflection of a broken piece of glass, he saw MJ, being held back by Black Widow and Luke Cage.
 
“MJ!” Peter turned around to see her, but one step towards her and she took one back. He froze at the same time. He was a smart man. It didn’t take him long to figure out why he was afraid. He was strong, but he rarely used his full strength. On the few people he did, it usually didn’t matter. And now, he had let it all out on Venom, and the results, behind him, were obvious.
 
“Peter,” Black Widow spoke his name, despite him being in costume. “Go home… I don’t know what fully happened, but go home.” No, home wasn’t good right now. He had to make sure Venom was taken care. And MJ-
 
“Kid, listen to her,” Luke spoke back when he tried to take another step. “You’re the hero here, but things got bad. Girl’s okay, but you just about committed a crime here.” He was ready to scream that he hadn’t, but Luke kept talking. “Just go home, take ten, and we’ll call you when we get this sorted out.” That still wasn’t good enough.
 
“We have to make sure everything is accounted for, Spider-Man,” Bl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane
Peter Parker/Black Cat
Peter Parker/Black Widow
Peter Parker/She-Hulk

freeform: 
Corrupion
Symbiote - Freeform
Master-Slave
commission
Peter is corrupted
Venom is in his balls

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane
Peter Parker/Black Cat
Peter Parker/Black Widow
Peter Parker/She-Hulk

