Chapter 1



Notes:
3/6/2021: Please be aware that for the next or so week that I'll be doing a minor edit/rewrite for this fic (meaning it won't be all at once, so you'll have to deal with chapters that are edited and those that are not). Unlike "A Family's Bond," I won't be completely rewriting this whole thing (yet), but I'm just clearing up a few things because I just realized that it's like suuuuuuper annoying to read, especially Peter's stuttering.I'll mainly be removing the double spaces, making it past tense, and as I said, I will be removing a lot of the stuttering so that it's more of a coherent read. I might rewrite a scene here or there (such as the ending of this chapter, which means that it won't really match the next chapter) so please tell me if things don't match up or if it's too annoying and you want me to just rewrite the rest of the chapter.




Chapter Text
Cheers and roars filled the air as the Academic Decathlon team for Midtown School of Science and Technology rushed onto the stage, all yelling in excitement and happiness. Many people reached out and clapped Peter on the back and shoulder, somehow not noticing the way he flinched at every touch. It was the semi-finals for state regionals and Peter had just answered the winning question, effectively sending them straight to the state regionals. Peter's senses were running high and getting somewhat overwhelmed, but even that can't stop his ecstatic grin as he hugged Ned."Okay, everyone, quiet down!" the announcer for the competition yelled. It took a few moments for the last of the cheers to quiet down and the announcer turned in the direction of Midtown’s Academic Decathlon. The announcer had a huge grin and everyone looked at him in curiosity. "It is my pleasure to announce that the winning team, Midtown School of Science and Technology, has been awarded a tour of Stark Industries!"There was a shocked silence before an even louder chorus of yells and screams filled the air."Oh my God, dude! We're going to Stark Industries!" Ned yelled out in excitement, grabbing Peter's shoulders and shaking him in excitement. Peter doesn’t mind, he’s too caught up in the fact that they’re going to be getting a tour of Stark Industries. It had been his dream to get to work at SI for years, and while he wasn’t there yet, he was actually going to be able to tour its headquarters! That dream was right up there next to meeting Tony Stark, his idol, himself."Holy shit! I can't believe it!" said Peter excitedly when the crowd began to disperse, everyone beginning to go home. "Stark Industries, Ned. We get to go to  Stark Industries!" Suddenly, as a thought crossed his mind, Peter’s face fell. He’d forgotten about one minor detail."Oh, crap, dude, do you think your foster dad's gonna let you go?" Ned asked him with furrowed brows. Peter shrugged, his elation turning into hesitance and even fear. He really hoped that Dr Malek, his foster father, would let him go on the field trip. After his grades had fallen due to being Spider-Man (and not to mention the grief of losing his last family member), the man had forced him to quit almost all of his after-school activities. He used to be in band and the robotics and chemistry clubs, but he’d been forced to quit them. Dr Malek had wanted him to quit Decathlon, too, and the only reason he’d been allowed to continue it was because Peter had quite literally had to get down on his knees and beg. The man had also banned him from going to Ned's, hanging out with the team sometimes after school, and participating in any robotics and engineering competitions the school promoted.Peter was glad that he was allowed to participate in Academic Decathlon because it provided him with an escape. An escape from the grief that still plagued him and an escape from his home life. Just the thought of it had his skin crawling and he swiftly pushed those thoughts away."I hope so,” Peter said, before he muttered under his breath, “I mean, why wouldn't he let me go? He's the one who's always complaining about me not doing things to better my position in the world or something." Peter ignored Ned's concerned expression and hoped that he hadn’t heard much of what he’s muttered. He knew that Ned suspected that something was going on at "home" but he really didn’t want his best friend to find out.He’d probably think he was disgusting or something and would leave him just like everyone else did.Pulling out his phone and checking the time, Peter sucked in a panicked breath, looking up at Ned. "Crap, I gotta go,” he said hurriedly, shoving his stuff into his backpack and heading out of the theatre where the competition took place. “Dr Malek wants me home by six-thirty, and if I'm not there on time, I'll get grounded again. See you next week!"All Ned could do was nod before Peter grabbed his permission slip for the field trip and shot out of the school building like a rocket. It was about a quarter after six and thankfully Dr Malek lived super clo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Abused Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Dead May Parker - Freeform
I'm so sorry I had to
mash fic
are people even reading these?
field trip trope
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Homecoming did happen
just a little differently
tony didn't find peter cause he was in foster care
yeah - Freeform
Read the warnings
Foster Care
Foster AU
Molestation
Rape/Non-con Elements

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

