Work Text:
Steve whimpered slightly and ground his teeth together. His forehead pressed into the sheets as he pushed the plug in further. It popped past the widest point and the flared base settled against his rim. Steve panted softly, catching his breath, before straightening and puling on his pants, gingerly avoiding his heavy erection. 
Bucky would be back from debriefing at headquarters soon, and Steve wanted to be sure he was ready. They had been separated for the past two weeks while Bucky was on mission, and Steve was getting awful sick of having only his right hand to keep him company at night. 
Steve settled on the couch in a vain attempt to read and distract himself from the plug in his ass and the anticipation of seeing Bucky soon. He shifted in his seat and gasped when the plug brushed against his prostate. He shifted again and again until he was riding the plug on the couch, his eyes shut and his hands grasping at the cushions. Steve was so far gone that he barely registered the door opening and hardly had time to look over to see Bucky framed by the doorway. 
“Get started without me?” Bucky asked, his voice a low growl. 
Through a great force of will, Steve stilled his movements. “J-just wanted t’ be ready for you,” he gasped out. 
“On your knees, Captain,” Bucky spat. 
Steve immediately slid off the couch to his knees and waited while Bucky walked over to him. 
“You make such a pretty sight like this,” Bucky told him, a mocking note evident in his voice. “Blushing and panting. I’ll bet you’re real hard.” 
Steve squeezed his eyes shut at Bucky’s words and nodded. “Yeah, yeah Buck ‘m hard-”
Bucky slapped Steve across the face with his human hand, aiming more to surprise Steve than actually hurt him. “You will only speak when you are asked a question, and you will call me Sir,” Bucky demanded, holding Steve’s chin up so that he had to look him in the eye. Steve felt a fire start low in his belly and carefully didn’t answer. 
“Hands behind your back,” Bucky demanded. Steve hurried to comply, wanting to be good for Bucky so that he could suck him off. 
“Good,” Bucky purred, stroking his hand down Steve’s face. “You may be worth my time yet.” 
Bucky crouched before Steve and yanked Steve’s belt from its loops. Working with great efficiency if not great care, Bucky wrapped the brown leather around Steve’s wrists. The solid feeling of being bound sent Steve soaring, floating. Bucky stood to admire the sight before him. 
“Not quite right just yet,” he mused. Suddenly a heavy combat boot was pressed to Steve’s shoulder and he tipped over so that he was lying on his side. Bucky yanked his pants off roughly then took a step back. 
“Well? Get up.”
Steve struggled to his knees and felt his face and the tips of his ears burn in humiliation. Somehow he felt even more naked dressed only in a shirt. 
“Look at me, Captain.” Steve’s eyes snapped up to see that Bucky had unzipped his pants just enough to pull out his cock. Steve didn’t dare move before he was given an order, or at least permission, but the desire to reach out and lick the head of Bucky’s cock was intense. 
“Well?” Bucky demanded. “Suck me.” 
Steve lurched forward and took Bucky’s cock into his mouth greedily. He laved his tongue over the head and took as much into his mouth as he could. He pushed forward until he could feel himself gagging, and then tried to push even further. 
“That’s right,” Bucky praised, the superiority clear in his tone. “Take my cock, just like that, gag on it. Such a pretty slut.” 
Bucky stroked his hand gently down Steve’s face, and Steve’s eyes slid shut and he whimpered desperately around Bucky’s cock pushing into this throat. 
“Taking my dick so good, Captain,” Bucky murmured. He stroked down Steve’s face again before threading his fingers in Steve’s hair. Once he had a grip in Steve’s hair, his pace changed dramatically. Where Steve had been mostly controlling the tempo before, now Bucky switched to fucking his face with reckless abandon. His hips sped up their thrusts and he pushed Steve’s head down until he was drooling and his face turned red. Finally Bucky released him with a push back so that Steve barely had time to brace himself before tumbling backwards onto the floor. 
“Lookie here,” Bucky chuckled cruelly. The toe of his boot pressed against the underside of Steve’s cock that arched up against his stomach and Steve froze. “So hard.” 
Steve whined and hung his head. His face felt like it was on fire and he just wanted to hide. But at the same time he never wanted Bucky to stop doing this. 
“Look at me when I am talking to you, slut!” Bucky roared. 
Steve looked up quickly, not really wanting a punishment for disobeying. He knew his face was bright red.
“Aww.” Bucky dropped to one knee. “Are you embarrassed, Captain?”
Steve bit his lip and nodded. His whole body trembled with the effort of maintaining eye contact with Bucky. 
“No, that won’t do. You have to say it,” Bucky commanded, knowing exactly what that di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PWP
just absolutely nothing but porn
it starts with sex and ends with post-coital cuddling
Light Bondage
at least I think it's light
it's just a belt so i consider that light
BDSM
Dirty Talk
degrading names
Dom/sub
pretty intense dom/sub
steve is a sluttly little submissive
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Choking
preestablished relationship
Humiliation
Begging
Crying
Hair-pulling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

