Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The infant was small, crying and miraculously unharmed. Tony had only known the child was there when FRIDAY alerted him to a sign of life amongst the rubble. He’d been flying overhead, surveying the damage of the latest Avenger battle. The signal she noticed had been strong and Tony had been cautiously optimistic about finding the person alive. He’d been stunned to find an unharmed, wailing baby. It couldn’t be more than a year old. He’d taken a few moments to process it before quickly advising the team. He landed further away than normal, not wanting to startle the child.FRIDAY was still scanning the child for injuries or anything out of the ordinary. But when she recognised magic, things became more complicated. Tony knew it was probably a mistake, but it was a terrified, crying child and he couldn’t turn away or ignore it. “Fuck,” he hissed under his breath, and despite the warnings from FRIDAY he stepped out of his suit and over to the baby.Bending down, Tony very carefully picked up the child, holding it close to his chest and trying to calm it down. He hadn’t held a lot of children in his life, but Rhodey’s family was bursting at the seams with little cousins he’d met and had shoved in his arms, so he knew the basics.He’d only been holding the baby for a few seconds when a tiny little hand reached out from beneath the tattered blanket and wrapped around his finger. It was like an electric shock coursing through him and he sucked in a breath and jerked. It felt like something had reached inside and wrapped itself around him, warm and snug. Fear and nerves conflicted with a sudden surge of happiness and calm, and the baby’s wailing turned to gentle, tired gurgling. Tony’s heart was pounding. “FR-FRIDAY?”“It would seem the child’s magic is now radiating from you at a much lower level.”Shit. “And that means what?”“I don’t know, Boss.”
Awesome.
“Well.” He looked down at the kid. “Get ‘em to send the Quinjet my way, I can’t fly the suit with a baby in my arms.”“Yes, Boss.”With nothing else to do and with who knew what magic coursing through him, Tony continued to stand there and hold the child. Tony surveyed the area but didn’t like the odds of finding the parents alive. He couldn’t imagine another reason why someone would leave a baby behind in the middle of a battle unless they were assholes.It didn’t look good.He heard a noise from the baby and glanced down. His lips quirked up in a grin when the baby started to doze off in his arms. The little hand was still curled around his finger, holding on tightly.Tony really hoped his predictions would be wrong and they’d find the kid’s parents.
Unfortunately, they did find the parents, but not in the way Tony wanted.The little boy’s DNA matched two bodies they found not far from where the baby had been crying.They also discovered that the kid had used some kind of primitive bond on him and cried anytime Tony put him down or left the room. It became very apparent, very fast, that the child had latched onto him as its new protector and parental figure. Tony was still attempting to deal with that.He was currently sitting in his bedroom where he’d set up the crib (along with many other things) he’d had FRIDAY order. He was lightly rocking it and humming under his breath. It let the kid know he was nearby and would hopefully prompt the child to fall asleep.Bruce was in the far corner of the room, they’d paused their discussion on what kind of energy manipulation the child had when the baby had woken up, needing Tony to change him. It had been less than twenty-four hours and already Tony felt like he’d been doing this for weeks.The baby finally drifted off after a few minutes and Tony was able to stop rocking the crib and focus back on Bruce. The scientist was already watching him and his tone was gentle, “What are you going to do about him, Tony?”It was a question Tony was not ready to answer. He’d already done the math and had a pretty good idea where it left him. He sighed. “There’s not a lot I can do, Bruce,” Tony answered, looking back down at the kid. He was fast asleep and radiating comfort. It was a warmth that spread through Tony’s chest and left him fighting down a smile.“You can’t look after a child and still be Iron Man,” Bruce told him quietly. He wasn’t chastising, just stating.He’d worked out what Tony had too.Tony might have never planned to have a kid; it didn’t mean he wasn’t going to do everything in his power to be a good father.“Then I guess it’s time to say goodbye to Iron Man.”Bruce was silent for a long time. “That’s an incredibly selfless gesture for a child that isn’t yours, Tony.”Tony just shook his head and looked back at the other man. “This kid picked me, Bruce, that means he’s been mine since the moment he grabbed my hand.”Bruce’s gaze softened and he stepped closer, looking down at Tony and the child. “You’ll make a good father, Tony.”Laugh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 30.000-50.000
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Retirement
Parent Tony Stark
Original Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Magic
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Protective Tony Stark
Feels
Family Feels
Fluff
Family Fluff
Adoption
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Canon Compliant
Children
Magical Bond
Family
Families of Choice
Falling In Love
Pining
Hurt/Comfort
Idiots in Love
Domestic Bliss
Pets

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

