Chapter 1: are you the one who repainted the arm in tony’s lab this morning?
    




Chapter Text
Darcy doesn't mean to do it— okay yeah, that was a lie, she totally meant to and had very much enjoyed doing it. And the whole reason she even owns a cassette player is so that JARVIS couldn't hack into her music device and make her hear him protesting whatever she would be doing that he would protest at. (The 'I can't hear you over the sound of my shitty cassette player's music' tactic actually works, if you could believe it.)
However, she will maintain that the blame should be co-shared with Clint, Tony and JARVIS, because Clint’s the one who started their little prank war, Tony was the one who rigged the coffee machine to pelt her face with neon pink (because of course it had to be pink, Jesus) paintball and JARVIS, oh man, JARVIS could've told someone to come down and stop her or even stop the process altogether if he really wanted her prank to fail.
And they knew—they knew—that she would retaliate after the pink paintball thing, and it was just right there, lying inside the fabrication press and so shiny and new and practically begging to be colored and Darcy, well, Darcy just couldn't resist.
The first person to confront her about it is Captain America, who comes to her unmasked, wide-eyed and looking torn between horror and hysterical laughter. “Are you the one who repainted the arm in Tony’s lab this morning?”
Her internal fangirling (because Captain America is talking to me whaaaat? ) comes to a sudden stop, because what did he just say?!
And here's the thing: Darcy’s planned for this a long time ago, has had years to formulate the perfect responses for the two separate lines decorating her back and abdomen. But she’d always thought that the arm in the question on her back was, y’know, a painting of an arm, and considering her painting talents and lack thereof, she’d eventually started thinking that the correct response to Are you the one who repainted the arm in Tony’s lab this morning? would be Dude, the only things I can repaint are walls, fingernails and toenails, so you probably have the wrong person.
So in the wake of realizing who just said the exact words written on her back, Darcy’s brain fails to deliver the proper reply and instead provides her mouth with the incredibly generic, but also honest answer of “Yep, that was me.”
Captain America doesn't seem to think anything of her response. “I— Why?” he splutters, a laugh struggling to get out.
Darcy exhales in relief (and disappointment, because hello, Captain America as her soulmate, just whaaaat?) and smiles in chagrin, and then points at her pink-stained face. “Revenge,” she answers simply.
Captain America’s chin quivers visibly (Darcy has to swallow back an appreciative sound and no, panties, bad panties, stay on! ) before he waves a hand and staggers away to (uselessly) hide his laughter, which bounces through the hall anyway. Darcy grins, because now that the shock has passed, she is fully able to appreciate the idea that her prank had made Captain America laugh his guts out.
Her brain, however, is a scumbag brain, so it’s not long until her thoughts drift back to the possibility that Captain America is her soulmate. Because face it, Stark (Avengers) Tower had a surprisingly low number of Tonys in the building, and only one in particular who had a lab, and sure, Jane sometimes goes to other places with Tonys and labs that isn't the tower, but Darcy doesn't always go with her. So really, the only Tony who has a lab she could paint in is Tony Stark, and Tony Stark had an arm in his lab this morning that Darcy painted, and it made sense that only the people who could enter that lab could ask the question that’s been written on Darcy’s back since she was born.
But, and here’s the part that keeps bugging her, it’s Captain America who said the words on her back and that just, ngh , that just doesn't happen.
She says this to Jane, because who else can she say it to?, and Jane levels this look at her before lifting her shirt up to show the runes etched around her bellybutton.
Darcy can’t help but laugh, remembering Thor’s sheepish expression when he translated the Asgardian lingo for them. “Point taken.”
“You should go talk to him,” Jane advises while folding her shirt back down, and as if divine providence just occurred, the door opens to admit Captain America. Jane smiles and waggles her eyebrows. “You’re welcome,” she jokes.
“Can we talk?” Captain America says, giving her a look that tells her he’s very much aware that she might possibly be his soulmate.
Darcy wonders why he couldn't have given her that look earlier, because now she’s had time to ruminate over this and freak herself out at the idea that he was, indeed, one of her soulmates.
“She was just saying that,” Jane, the little traitor, answers for her, which is how she finds herself following Captain America into the elevator.
“I’m sorry,” are the first words Captain America says since
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
wild angsty shit appears in chapter 5
like depression
serious self-esteem issues
sex issues
anger issues
(Darcy-anger issues not HULK-ones)
also
Darcy confronts Bucky
so many feels right there
I was crying while I was writing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

