Chapter 1: At the End of All Things
    




Chapter Text



Fourteen million, six hundred five.
He stands at the end of a dock and stares unseeing at the water.
Fourteen million, six hundred five.
The surface of the pond is as smooth as glass, the entire expanse of the surrounding woods and sky reflected in its surface with a clarity that makes him half wonder if he has accidentally opened a portal to the Mirror Dimension.
Fourteen million, six hundred five.
If there are any fish in this pond they aren’t moving. They, like the rest of the world, are unnaturally still. It feels like the whole of the universe is holding its breath. A moment of silence for Earth's Greatest Defender.
Fourteen million, six hundred five.
Stephen doesn’t blame them. He hasn’t taken a real breath in days. His chest is too tight. There is something there beneath his ribs and around his heart that locked into place in that terrible, final moment. It wouldn't surprise him if he never took a real breath again.
Fourteen million, six hundred five.
Out in the center of the pond the first miniaturized arc reactor floats on a little raft of twigs and flowers. There are ashes there, too. The last good man in Troy turned into nothing but dust by an incinerator somewhere.
(“Fuck, don’t bury me when I’m gone. Burying bodies is creepy. It’s creepy, isn’t it? Planting a fucking corpse in a box and slapping some awful stonework on top of it. Why the fuck do we do that? That’s how zombies happen, Stephanie. Zombies. Nah, when my time comes just light me up. Make it big and tasteless. Maybe let off some fireworks. There should definitely be explosions. And booze. Lots of booze. Don’t know how much of me there will be left anyway and this way some fucking idiot isn’t going to try and steal a piece of me.”)
Fourteen million, six hundred five.
He lived through fourteen million, six hundred five futures and could only find one in which they won.
(“There’s no such thing as winning, Gandalf. Not now. Not like this. There’s just survival. Move on, pack it up, let it go. This is big – bigger than anything I can imagine. It’s not about us winning anymore. It’s about Earth surviving.”)
Thanos is dead. The Decimation has been undone and half of the universe restored. The Infinity Stones will soon be scattered back to their points in time where they will live out their days until Thanos destroys them five years previously. Success has been met.
It should feel like victory but it doesn’t.
How can it?
Stephen Strange lived through fourteen million, six hundred and five lives in the time it takes to blink.
It only took him one life to fall in love with Tony Stark.
 
 
Well.
Maybe two.
 
 
Fourteen million, six hundred five lives.
In eight million, three hundred ninety-eight thousand, one hundred twenty-seven they don’t meet Thanos on Titan.
In eight million, three hundred ninety-eight thousand, one hundred twenty-seven lives Stephen portals Tony and Peter back to the ship and the three of them run like hell.
In two million, seven hundred two thousand, eight hundred seventy-four lives Thanos catches them within the first week.
In nine hundred thousand, six hundred forty-five lives Stephen is lucky enough to die first. In the other one million, eight hundred two thousand, two hundred twenty-nine lives he has to watch at least one of his companions die first.
In five million, six hundred ninety-five thousand, two hundred fifty-three lives they last longer. A month. Two months. Six months. A year. Two years. Five years.
In two thousand, one hundred and sixteen lives they live out the rest of their natural lives flitting through all the corners of the universe and Thanos never catches them.
He destroys the Earth in all of them.
Punishment, for cowardice.
(“Oh my god, Stephen. They’re gone! Everyone’s gone! It’s my fault. I should have been better. I should have made them listen. I should have…!”)
 
 
 
“Uh… Doctor Strange?”
Stephen closes his eyes and tries to steady himself at the sound of Peter’s voice. It doesn’t work.
In four million, seven hundred seventy-seven thousand, forty-three lives Peter calls him Stephen. In sixty-two thousand three hundred eleven he calls him Papa.
In four lives he calls him Doctor Dad.
His hands shake so badly that he crosses his arms and hides their mangled twitching as he turns around to face the teen. Thank god he isn’t wearing the mask. Stephen doesn’t know if he could manage to call the boy (his child) anything but his name.
On second thought, he’ll take the mask. Anything (anything) is better than looking at sheer desolation on the younger man’s face.
(“Stop giving me those puppy eyes, kid. That’s not fair. That’s a violation of my basic rights. Help! Abuse!”)
“Yes, Peter?” he asks and barely manages to repress a wince at the confusion that flies across the young man’s face. Right. They’re not close in this life (they haven’t had the time to become close).
“I. Uh. I was just wondering. Is there… can you…” the boy makes a circular m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
but only for a little bit
post Captain America: Civil War AU
Time Travel
Parallel Universes
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
but no character bashing
i think
actions have consequences
Stephen Strange is Not Okay
Tony Stark is not okay
Stephen Strange Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
spoilers: there will be hugging
Panic Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Extremis Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Stephen Strange Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Stephen Strange
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Romance
Grief/Mourning
Work In Progress
do not copy to another site
morally ambiguous Stephen Strange
brief Tony Stark/Pepper Potts - Freeform

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

