Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter ran through his mental checklist one more time before zipping up his duffel bag.
“Peter Happy’s here, you ready?” May called.
“Coming,” The teen called back as he grabbed his bag and exited his room.
Aunt May was going on a work retreat so the teen would be staying at the tower with Tony until she got back. To say the teen was excited would be a huge understatement, but he was nervous too. 
Lately the teen had been waking up to a wet bed. After a week he’d had enough and decided to do some research. The teen came across a sight explaining about age regression and what can cause it. Peter figured it was his body’s way of coping with everything that had happened to him so far. Out of pure curiosity the teen did even more research and saw it was normal and decided it couldn’t hurt to try it. So the next day Peter went and brought some dry nights, a pacifier, an Iron Man plushie and a night light. That night after patrol and May fell asleep, Peter put on one of the dry nights and let himself regress. It took a while due to nerves and being unsure, but soon he was curled up with his pacifier and fell asleep. Waking up to a wet nappy was gross to say the least, but it was better than a wet bed and Peter felt better than he had in a while.
So the teen decided to be a secret little, which had worked out well so far.
Now though he’d be staying with his mentor Tony Stark. Peter just hoped the man wouldn’t find out or see his little stuff he had tucked away in his bag.
“Peter? Hello, earth to Spider-Man,” May cooed, waving a hand in front of his face.
“Sorry what?” Peter asked coming back to reality.
“We gotta go, Happy’s waiting,” May told him with an amused smile.
“Oh right sure,” Peter said with a nervous smile and grabbed May’s suitcase, waiting until she locked up before they headed down to the car.
“Hey Happy,” Peter greeted upon seeing the man.
“Hey Kiddo,” Happy smiled, helping him load the case and bag, “hey May.”
“Hey Happy,” May smiled back at him.
Peter watched their awkward interaction before shaking his head and getting into the car.
Nope.
Not getting into that.
May climbed in the front next to Happy and they headed to the tower. 
Happy pulled up and Peter excitedly got out and grabbed his bag from the trunk, bouncing on the balls of his feet as May walked over to him.
“You be good for Mr. Stark okay?” She reminded, cupping his cheeks, “and call me if you need me to come home.”
“Mom,” Peter giggled, “I’ll be fine, Mr. Stark will take care of me. Go enjoy your holiday.”
May smiled and kissed his forehead, hugging the teen tightly.
How did she get so lucky?
“I love you.”
“I love you too mom.”
The two pulled away and with a final smile May got back into the car, Peter waving until they disappeared.
Turning on his heel the teen practically ran to the elevator in the lobby, greeting the receptionist as he passed.
“Good morning Master Parker,” FRIDAY greeted as he entered.
“Morning Friday, common floor please,” Peter smiled, the elevator rising to the requested floor. 
“Thanks Fri,” Peter called over his shoulder as he stepped out of the elevator.
“Of course Master Parker,” the A.I replied chirpily.
Peter smiled and ran to his room to drop his bag off before heading down to the lab.
“Hey kiddo,” Tony greeted with a smile, looking up when the teen walked in.
“Hey Dad,” Peter greeted, walking over to wrap his arms around the man.
Tony wrapped his arms back around Peter and just held him for a while, chuckling when the teen nuzzled into his shoulder.
Five minutes later the two pulled away and got work on their own projects, talking about anything and everything that came to mind.
As the morning drifted into afternoon Peter felt his eyelids get heavier and heavier from being out on patrol late the night before. The teen decided to just rest his eyes for a few minutes and then get back to work. So Peter folded his arms on the table and put his head down and closed his eyes, falling fast asleep seconds later. 
“What do you think?” Tony asked, not receiving an answer, “Pete?”
The man looked up and his face immediately softened at the sight of Peter asleep at his work station.
Smiling softly Tony walked over and gently lifted Peter into his arms, the teen subconsciously hanging on to man and mumbling incoherently. Tony chuckled and kissed the side of his head as he carried him towards the elevator, Friday wordlessly taking them to the common floor. 
Once he got to Peter’s room Tony pulled the covers back and lay the teen down, removing his shoes and hoodie before tucking the blankets around him. Brushing his bangs back the man placed a soft kiss on his forehead.
“Sleep tight Spiderbaby,” Tony smiled, quietly exiting the room and heading back down to the lab.
Two hours later Peter rolled over, eyes flying open when he felt wetness against his legs. The teen sat up and threw the covers off only to see his worst fear confirmed.
He’d wet the bed.
“No, no, no,” Peter mumbled as he scrambled
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Bed-Wetting
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Tears
Comfort
Hugs
Tony Stark Hugs
little!peter
Caregiver!Tony
Age Regression/De-Aging
Irondad
spiderson
Fluff
Cute Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

