Chapter 1: The Auction
    




Chapter Text
After receiving two dozen new subs, Stephen wasn’t going to pass on the opportunity to make some money. He announced the auction two weeks ahead and then began a hectic two weeks of preparing and getting the fresh subs to remember what they are supposed to do on stage. Stephen oversaw the whole process personally, but did let his personal assistant, Christine, deal with some of it too so that Stephen could get himself at least one drink before the show started.After finishing his drink, Stephen headed to the dressing rooms to check that his subs were all ready for the stage, or at least starting to.All the other subs seemed to know what they were doing as they moved around the changing room, but Peter was in the corner on a tiny, velvet-topped stool with his leg bouncing with nervous energy. Maybe if he stayed here, and stayed still enough, Mr. Strange would forget that he was here and then he wouldn’t have to go out on stage.Almost like the man could sense when people were thinking about him, Strange appeared at the dressing room door and subs immediately flocked to him, asking him questions about the auction, the doms outside and what they had to do on stage.Peter, meanwhile, stayed exactly where he was.”Please, settle down everyone!” Stephen tried kindly, despite being a Dom himself.Unlike most Doms, Stephen believed most of all in manners and kindness, even when addressing subs. And if you asked Stephen, it paid off and all the subs stopped talking and fell quiet, taking a step back to let the Dom pass.”We’ll be starting in 30 minutes. Is everyone dressed? Any issues? I’d rather have you tell me now than 2 minutes before stage.” The Dom chuckled and then went to tend to some subs who needed to change the size of their collar. After calling for someone to fix the collars, everyone seemed content, but nervous, but that was to be expected.This wasn’t Stephen’s first auction after all.Scanning over the dressing room, Stephen’s eyes fell upon one sub in the back who seemed very quiet, and not ready yet. The boy wasn’t even wearing the black standard leather collar that Stephen made all his subs wear until they were passed onto another Dom. “Hey, you all right?” Stephen asked, placing a hand at the back of the boy’s neck before moving to stand in front of him where he was sat on the stool.Peter had looked down at the floor when Strange addressed the other subs in the room, but noticed that soon after he finished talking, a shadow seemed to loom over him. He looked up to see the man gazing at him with a heavy hand on the back of his neck, and he blinked a couple of times. “I- It- I’m…” Peter looked around at the other subs who seemed to be ready. “I-I’ve never done this before, I’m just- I’m just nervous, sir.” He said quietly, his hands fumbling in his lap.”That’s all right, it’s okay to be nervous. So are all the others, they just try to hide it.” Stephen explained with a kind tone. ”Some of them are back to be auctions off again, but most are also doing this for the first time.” He added and reached for the collar, fixing it on the boy as they talked. ”So, which agency trained you?” The Dom asked to make some small talk.Peter flinched a little when Strange reached for the collar, but tilted his chin up to allow the man to put it on him. “Uhm… I was trained by B-Beck? Quentin… Mr. Beck, sorry.” He said, his voice wavering a little when he mentioned his trainer by name. His eyes darted all over the room, watching the other subs excitedly discuss who they thought would be outside.Stephen clenched his jaw at the mention of Quentin Beck. Subconsciously, Stephen even scanned Peter with his eyes for any signs of obvious abuse. The Dom hoped that the boy’s timid and skittish nature was only a temporary state inflicted by the nerves of the upcoming auction, and not something caused by Beck’s infamous training methods. This boy wouldn’t be the bad sub coming from Beck’s sub training agency.“And what’s your name and number?” Stephen asked, changing the subject as he didn’t know what to say about Beck at the moment.“’m Peter, sir. Peter Parker, number 13.” Peter replied, sitting back on the stool once Strange had finished fixing up his collar. He brought a hand up to fiddle with it, feeling how tight it was against his throat and how the leather slid smoothly between his fingertips. He didn’t wear a collar when he was being trained, so the feeling of it was new to him.”13, then you’ll be one of the first right after the girls. I always do girls first.” Stephen continued to talk as he fixed Peter’s wild curls a bit. ”Stand up for me.” The Dom requested, using his hand to gesture for Peter to stand so that he could check the boy’s body. Some subs needed some bruises or cuts covered up before getting on stage. ”So, what kind of Dom do you wish for?”Peter stumbled off the stool and held still for Strange to look over him. His hands trembled by his sides, but he clenched them into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
past Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub Play
Dom/sub
BDSM Auction
Porn With Plot
like. the plot is still porn. but there is a plot
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Fondling
Sex Toys
Humiliation
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Psychological Trauma
Past Sexual Abuse
past trauma
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Rutting
Subspace
Dry Humping
Collars
Leashes
Cock Cages
Implied/Referenced Abortion
Discussion of Abortion
Spreader Bars
Ball Gags
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Spanking
Aftercare
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Dildos
Flashbacks
Past Rape/Non-con
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
past Quentin Beck/Peter Parker

