Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It was a stupid mistake that changed his life forever…
.….For as long as he can remember, Tony Stark had everything he ever wanted in his life… everything but his parents' love… Tony tried to adjust after all his parents didn't matter… that's what he tried to convince himself half of the time… but it doesn't matter! He had Aunt Peggy and her mate, Jarvis, and Dummy! (His greatest creation) and he may also have a small (Huge) crush on Captain America… well, the idea of him anyway for the man had long since died sacrificing himself most heroically. Still, half of the teens in America have a crush on Captain America, so Tony still thinks his crush was justified and will go in the end… still, that didn't stop him from running down the stairs like the hounds of hell after him if he knew aunt Peggy was coming over, after all, she was the only person who will take the time out of her busy schedule to amuse him with the Captain's stories. Howard's face always goes blank at the mention of the Captain and he leaves the room most of the time… Anyway, Tony's life may not have been perfect, but for him it was good… as long as he stays away from his father and is left alone in his lab… well his father's, but that was another story.
Tony didn't count on his life to change 180 after presenting as an Omega…
It was a normal day… well, as normal is it can be for fifteen years old in his last year of MIT, it was summer so for once Tony decided he was going home in New York, mainly to visit Jarvis and Aunt Peggy, if someone deserves to be treated with respect and love, it was those two. His first week there, was even good! His parents were in God knows where and would come by the end of the week, Aunt Peggy took a vacation and come to visit, she told him more stories about Captain America then his poor heart can stand… Aunt Peggy always laughs at his poorly hidden flushed face, but that doesn't matter he got to listen to more stories about his hero so that was as good as it can be. Jarvis took it as his job to overstuff Tony with his delicious food, stating that Tony was starving himself to death and that he won't stand it, for once Tony didn't complain he just drooled as the amazing food was laid in front of him, all in all, it was an amazing week… until he presents as an Omega by the end of it.It was a week from hell, everything was blurry and he couldn't concentrate on anything other than the need, he needed something, he knows he does! But what?! In the distant, he swore he heard his father enrage voice as he huffed and puffed, it was followed by his mother, aunt Peggy, and Jarvis… and Tony was scared. He remembered how he made his body crawl into his closet, and close the door behind him, he didn't know how much he stayed there, but he knows it was enough to cause panic with his 'family'. Tony knew it was childish, but he couldn't stop wishing that Captain America would come and save him…
He never did…
After him presenting as an Omega, a lot of things changed, his parents were the one who changed the most… his mother start paying him attention, as much as she can when she wasn't busy with her higher class friends, she started taking him out to shopping trips (Yuck!) she also start teaching him how a proper Omega should act (Yeah, right, like he will do that) and the most disgusting thing, she started pushing him 'gently' to choose a Good-Rich-Powerful Alpha… he storms out most of the time after that… his father, on the other hand, changed too, Tony didn't know what to do with the truth he learned after the heart to heart with his father… but Tony thinks the two of them may stand on common ground in the end. Apparently, his father's disdain of him was all an act! The story goes like this, he was young, he got kidnapped, and they found him after a month nearly kissing death's feet, his father starts acting coldly toward him in hope of protecting him by showing other people that he doesn't care about his son, and he succeeded, that lead to a huge shouting match between them… well, more of Tony screaming and shouting and maybe throw something or two at his father and his father taking everything with guilt in his eyes. After Aunt Peggy confirmed what his father said, and to his shock, she was the one who helped him with that idiotic plan… Tony didn't know what to do, so he locks himself in his lab for three days… in the end, after lots and lots of pleas and promises from his family, he decided to give them another chance… and he was thankful he did that, even though he will never tell any soul about that to his dying day. Aunt Peggy took it on herself to teach him advance self-defense, the defense that only spies know about, it was awesome! Jarvis starts teaching him how to cook and take care of the house… which was not awesome, but he loves Jarvis too much to say anything.Life was good! Even if he had to take the graduation exams early… way early to graduate from MIT, which kind of made him mad at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Recovery
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Parent Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Implied Mpreg
Post Mpreg
Forced Pregnancy
Kid Fic
Healing
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Trauma
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Underage Rape/Non-con
Dissociation
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
References to Knotting
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark Friendship
Aunt Peggy Carter
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Family Feels
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Cuddling & Snuggling
Nesting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Eventual Sex
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Mates
Captain America Steve Rogers
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

