Work Text:
Whenever you had started babysitting, it was only for neighbors or family friends. It was only with the older kids- roughly 8 to 10- and you’d pick them up after school and take them to their house, watch them until one of their parents came back, get paid, and go home. Apparently, people were impressed with how well you handled the children since you had parents reaching out to you, and not the other way around. One particular client that stuck out was Steve. He was a single father, and he’d have you babysit his son, James, whenever he had to work nights, which required you staying at his house until the early hours of the morning. Originally you'd thought that your mother wouldn’t approve; he’s a grown man after all, and you would be over at his house until the sun came up, but she didn’t seem to think twice about it since he was her boss. You weren’t complaining though; how most clients paid a measly five dollars an hour, Steve would hand you a hundred dollar bill as you walked out the door and to your car. He’d always stand in the doorway and watch as you drove off, and he had requested you text him whenever you get home, so he would know you got home safe. His son was by far your favorite child to watch over. He was named after one of Steve’s friends- James. He was a big kid for his age, only 6 years old and standing three inches over four feet, but it wasn’t surprising considering his father was a giant of a man. His hair was the same dirty blond hair as Steve's, but his face shared little to no resemblance to Steve’s. His eyes weren’t the endless blue pools, and his skin lacked the signature moles, so you figured he took mostly after his mother. When it came to James’ mom, she was a neat mystery. You knew her name, which was Peggy, but other than that there was no sign of her being present in either of their lives. There were no pictures of her within his house, Steve didn’t wear a ring, and James rarely mentioned her; the only time he did was when he told you her name. You were curious about her but had half a mind to keep your curiosity to yourself. James didn’t seem to know much, and Steve? He was a sweet man, but you didn't want to overstep any boundaries.  You scraped the dirt out from under your nails as you waited for the final bell to ring; you were babysitting James tonight and had to pick him up from school. He had told you that some of the kids in his class had a crush on you, which you found comical. You had never thought yourself to be the prettiest girl; you didn’t have perfect hair or completely clear skin, or the never-ending legs that only models seem to have, but you did feel a bit flattered knowing that first graders thought you were cute. You were pulled from your thoughts when someone tapped on your shoulder. You turned to see Peter, one of your friends, sitting behind you with a grin on his face. “What?” You turned the rest of your body so you were sideways in your seat. “Are you doing anything later tonight? I was thinking maybe we could play some Minecraft or something.” You shook your head. “Sorry, I’m babysitting again tonight. Steve’s working late again, so I have to stay until late.” The bell rang, and you started to pack up your things when Peter scoffed. “Babysitting? On the weekend? That’s tragic.” He patted your shoulder in mocked sympathy. “Oh please, I’m getting paid to watch one of the sweetest kids and have access to practically unlimited food. It’s not that bad,” you said as the two of you walked down the hallway. “Besides, Steve’s house is so nice. It looks like something out of a movie.”Peter rolled his eyes and adjusted the strap of his bag. “This guy sounds kinda creepy. He’s loaded, and his baby mama is nowhere to be seen? The only known person from his personal life is his friend, who he named his kid after. Only sketchy guys do that.”You smacked his arm with a decent amount of force. “Just because he’s got money and doesn’t have many personal ties doesn’t mean he’s a bad guy. Maybe he’s just a loner type.”“You say that now, but just wait until you find a body in his basement.” He pushed open the door for you and walked with you to your car. “Look, I’ve got to hurry; I’m picking up James from school.”“Oh, I see. A six-year-old is more deserving of your time than I am. We’ve been friends longer than he’s been alive.” Peter held a smug smirk on his face as he crossed his arms. It was your turn to roll your eyes at him. “You know it. Maybe we’ll get to play tomorrow, but I’ll text you in a bit.”You got into your car and began to pull away when Peter called out, “Let me know when you find the body!”  “Hey, bud! How was school?” You held open the door for James as he climbed into the backseat. He flashed you a smile, his lack of one front tooth on display. “Good! We played kickball during recess, and my team won.”You pulled out of the parking lot and began the drive to his house. “Well, I’m glad. Anything else happen?” He unzipped his bag and pulled out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader
Steve Roger/You
Steve Rogers x you

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Cunnilingus
Doggy Style
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Sex Positions
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Squirting
DDLG
Dom!Steve
sub!Reader
Dom/sub
NSFW
Smut
Oral Sex
cursing
Dirty Talk
Pet Names
Masturbating
Rough Sex
Choking
Older Man/Younger Woman
Virgin Reader
First Time
Size Kink
Size Difference
Fluff
Aftercare
slight angst
age gap
Age Difference
Reader is 18
steve is a dilf

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader
Steve Roger/You
Steve Rogers x you

