Chapter 1: Invalid
    




Chapter Text
“Okay, we’re bringing him in!” someone’s voice calls out.  Steve thinks that he knows the agent’s name, but his brain skips over it like a faulty needle that won’t read the damn record.  He distantly knows that he should feel bad for forgetting the man’s name, and even worse for not caring. A light flashes over the metal door before it starts to roll upwards.  There’s about a dozen agents around Steve right now, and they’re all pointing their weapons at the door before they even see the vehicle behind it.  Steve’s the only one in the prison bay without a firearm.  Instead, his hands are clenching the metal railing that separates the visitors’ area from the receiving zone.  He hears the metal crunch as it compresses under his fingertips, but no one seems to notice. The door clears the height for an armored SUV to enter, and every eye in the bay is trained on the black vehicle as it pulls in.  Its side windows are tinted, and the driver’s face is the only one that Steve can see through the front window.  It rolls to a stop, and then the bay holds a collective breath as the engine softly dies. “Codename Winter Soldier has arrived in SHIELD prison bay 4.  Remove prisoner and begin intake procedures,” the agent commands, and the doors open.  Four more agents swarm out of the vehicle and move to the back, where there’s a modified human cargo gate.  A minute later, Steve sees movement at the back of the vehicle, and then Bucky is rounding the side and walking toward him. There are fourteen guns pointed at Bucky right now.  He’s wearing vibranium-enforced handcuffs despite the fact that SHIELD knows his metal arm is broken and painful.  And while he looks filthy and ragged, his oily hair falling into his face and his dirty fingernails digging into his palm, he also looks tired and hurt and so, so vulnerable. Steve’s stomach churns at the security. “Really, guys, is this necessary?” he asks, swinging over the railing and moving to walk with Bucky’s guards.  One of them holds a hand out to stop him, and Bucky lunges for the man, growling and spitting. A cacophony of yells ring out in the high-ceilinged room, and Steve grabs Bucky before he reaches the guard.  He also angles his body between Bucky and most of the guns. “Bucky,” he whispers, clutching Bucky’s shoulders and trying to project how earnest he is with his voice.  “It’s okay.  It’s okay, I swear to you.  Let them process you and put you in your cell, and then we can begin making sure you’re not dangerous and you’re on our side.  It won’t be bad; this is the worst part.  Cross my heart,” he pleads.  ‘Please just don’t kill anyone before we can get you there,’ he adds silently, hoping that Bucky can read his face just as well as always. Under Steve’s touch, Bucky calms down.  The wild look in his eyes passes, and he looks like dirtied, worn-out Bucky yet again.  Steve pulls him close and whispers in his ear, letting his lips drag against the shell and make promises that he can’t say yet. “Ease up, for me please, Bucky.  Don’t hurt anyone, don’t act out.  They’re not going to hurt you, and they’re not going to hurt me.  Just calm down.” Meanwhile, the look on Bucky’s face as he’d lunged for the agent loops through Steve’s mind like a movie. He’d looked feral.  He’d looked…so totally broken by whatever’s been done to him.  He’d looked more like a beast than a man for a second there.Steve knows it isn’t true, but he also knows that he might be the only one who sees that.  Bucky has to play SHIELD’s game for this to work, and he’d thought that Bucky was prepared to play it. Maybe not, though. He pulls back, praying not to see that dangerous glint in Bucky’s eyes.  “Just get me into medical like you promised,” Bucky mumbles.  Something about his voice snags against Steve’s mind, and a pulse of fear shoots through him.  He lives inside that terrifying second where he isn’t sure who’s in front of him, why he sounds like that, why he doesn’t sound like Bucky did in his bedroom last month. Then the explanations pour in; Bucky’s been alive the entire time Steve slept under the ice, and of course he’s picked up new ticks and habits.  Bucky’s doubtlessly traumatized by what he’s been through working for Hydra, and that can impact a person’s mind.  Bucky’s scared, and in pain, right now.  Steve’s being selfish to think for a second that the man in front of him, the man who’s looking into Steve’s eyes with trust even when surrounded by a hair-trigger arsenal of security, will necessarily share anything with his Bucky.He’s psyched himself up for this, and he’s ready.  He’s ready to accept everything this Bucky throws at him, and the fact that Bucky sounds a little different than he does in Steve’s fever dreams is only the beginning. “Come on,” he commands gently, keeping a hand on Bucky’s back and walking him forward into the prison facility, ignoring the angry and frantic looks from the agents around him. It’s safest for Bucky this wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Post CATWS
Stucky - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Negative self-image of mental illness
Mentions of torture and sexual assault
Dishonesty
Switching Points of View
Mentions of self-harm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

