Chapter 1



        Chapter by kittenlove21




Chapter Text
 Away from the prying eyes of the society and their judgments there lies a society no one knows about. Where sex is considered the greatest gift of all. There is no distinction between gay or straight, all kids regardless of gender need to be fucked regularly. If it's taking care of her young boy, a mother can choose a dildo of her choice. She also has the option to ask other males in the family or neighbors to fuck the kids on occasions. In most cases its the father that wants to be responsible for their child, wanting to have their own cock sleeves. Marriages do not exist. Either one of the parents can choose to raise the child. However, if the parent is not taking care of the child (fucking it regularly), the government finds new willing parents for them.  Kids as young as two are encouraged to be sexually active. Some new discoveries had made it possible for the kids to have sex without feeling any pain. So to reduce any psychological trauma, society as a whole had become more and more accepting of sex and open relationship. That was what sealed the reality that existed now. There are meds to add to the milk so from an early age they start to lubricate in both ass and pussy. And there are creams to massage their passage with so they can easily take their daddies cocks. Not just daddies of course. Many kids are lucky enough to have extended families to provide more cocks for them to bounce on for playtime and suck on when they are getting fussy. There are no orphanages anymore, all children are taken care of. It’s is completely okay to walk into a park, pick a kid at random and fuck them silly. Chances are they will get a warm thank you from the parent for using their child's hole. In most classrooms teachers have a lap full of eager kids wanting to be fucked. It’s a tough job but they are hard-working. Often taking pills so they can stay hard the whole day and fuck all the young pussies and ass. they had assistance teachers that were really just to fuck the kids to obedience so the real teacher could give his cock a break and teach the kids something other than how to bounce on a cock. Sex was a big part of their education after all. Most of the literature and writing involved vivid sexual descriptions. boys and girls were encouraged to write and record their sexual experiences.  There is no violence against kids they are loved and cared for and fucked as often as possible. People love taking pictures and videos of their kid's growth and this world is no different. Posting pictures of their precious baby's cute little bottom, oozing cum, or videos of their baby getting a good hard fucking from their granddad. Most kids don’t wear underwear just there nappy and clothes that open near the ass for boys and skirts for girls. It makes it easier to get to their slutty hole easier after all. no point covering their opening, when they will have to remove it again and again throughout the day, not to mention the cum flowing freely off their body just ruins any panties or boxers.  We will follow the life of Harry and his friends. Harry is a sweet two-year-old who loves his daddy. His name is James Potter. His mom has left them long ago but they do not mind. Harry is the best thing that happened to James. He started his son on the meds and cream since he was 1 and it's going to be his second birthday soon. So he would finally get to fuck his sweet baby. Harry has been sucking the tip of his dick for a while now. But he still wants to feel the warmth of his son's ass soon. The government does not require the parents to fuck their kids until they are 3 but James can not wait that long. He has wanted his sweet boy for so long. He has fed his baby boy his cum regularly. Now he wants to see his seed dripping from Harry’s exquisite hole. So on the eve of Harry’s 2nd birthday, right before 12, James takes off his son's diaper and opens his ass up with the cream and his fingers. He knows he should probably make a video so that his son can watch it when he gets older, but James doesn't wanna think about harry getting older right now. He would take pictures of his slut soon enough. After all, he loves the background of his phone, photo of sweet Harry with his mouth full of spilling cum looking at his Dadda wide-eyed.The sweet smell in his son’s piss fills his nostrils and makes him even harder. His sweet boy doesn’t even wake up. “Oh, my sweet boy you were just made to be fucked”. Slowly James retracts his fingers and lubes up his 9-inch dick. He pushes in slowly but Harry starts to stir in his sleep. James keeps pushing until he finally bottoms out. “Wake up my sweet boy. It’s your birthday”. Harry opens his eyes and blinks a few times to see his daddy hover over him. “Dadda”. “Yes Harry daddy will filling out your hungry boy pussy, don’t you feel wonderful?”. Harry just keeps looking not fully understanding the gravity of what’s happening. But he feels the love 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/James Potter
Sirius Black/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Other(s)
James Potter/Original Male Character(s)
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Lucius Malfoy/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Father-Daughter Relationship
Incest
Teacher-Student Relationship
AU
Uncle/Nephew Incest
Uncle/Niece Incest
Extremely Underage
Shota
Diapers
Age Play
Dirty Talk
Piss
Watersports
Fluff
Smut
Daddy Kink
High Chairs
Choking
Body Modification
Prison
Prison Sex
Gangbang
Rimming
Public Sex
Cock Warming
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Harry Potter/James Potter
Sirius Black/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Other(s)
James Potter/Original Male Character(s)
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Lucius Malfoy/Harry Potter

