Work Text:
The day had started off with a light drizzle, the drops  pitter-pattering  on the large glass windows of the tower. For the past few days, Peter hadn’t gone back to his apartment as May had gone out of state for work. The tower was permanently filled with lively chatter and bubbling laughter, and Tony was so unbelievably grateful for Peter’s unrelenting energy even after the Wakandan party left.
Bucky had stayed; Tony won’t lie and say he was ecstatic, but he wasn’t as uneasy as he thought he’d be. It was difficult to have any ill feelings towards a man who let his kid stick magnets on his metal arm.
Speaking of that incident, Tony had almost inhaled his scalding coffee at the sight of Barnes watching Disney channel while Wanda put his hair in braids and Peter carefully attached colorful magnets and stickers onto the new vibranium arm. Vision had been carefully observing Wanda’s actions, then repeated them into Wanda’s own hair. The ex-assassin himself didn’t seem to care at all, content to watch whatever he was watching.
It was shortly after that when Peter had called him ‘Uncle Bucky’ for the first time.
It was just in passing, just Peter being Peter. Just a “Thanks, Uncle Bucky!” called out before he walked out of the room after Barnes had helped him with his homework. That little phrase made Barnes’ face contort like he was trying not to cry. Tony felt a little sorry for him in that moment; must’ve been a while since anyone had called him that.
But then it all went to shit.
Peter found the clip of Siberia.
Too young to look so devastated, so haunted and betrayed. Peter looked like he did when Tony had cornered him on that rooftop after the ferry, and Tony wishes he could turn back time and delete the video before Peter saw it. He never wanted to see that face on his kid ever again. But that seemed to be the least of his problems.
“Dad? Why didn’t you tell me?” Peter’s voice cracks halfway through the sentence, and his eyes start to water. “Why would you ever hide something like this from me?”
Tony’s mouth opens and closes like a fish, no sounds coming out. “I—”
“Peter, it wasn’t Tony’s fault.” Steve joins in with the intention of dissolving the tension between father and son, but you didn’t have to be a genius to figure out that wasn’t a good idea.
Peter whirls to face the captain, face changing from that hurt look to one of pure anger. Tony has half a mind to think about how much he looked like May in that moment, or even Pepper. “You. You.  How  could you?!” 
Looking absolutely nothing like the adorable boy who liked to tuck himself into his side for comfort, Peter stalks forward to the super soldiers without an ounce of hesitation, brimming with rage, and Tony actually fears for their lives. Tony had already decided to put the past behind him, not wanting to dwell on the uncomfortable memories for any longer than strictly necessary with his therapist (which Pepper finally convinced him to get, and she even used Peter as backup). His choice to forgive and forget had also been because he did not, under any circumstances, want Peter to find out exactly why he was so wary of Steve and Bucky. 
Even now Tony wasn’t sure why he was so adamant that Peter didn’t know. Before, right after it happened, it was probably because he didn’t want to appear as weak in front of the boy. Tony’s pride tended to create a glorious mess at best, a civil war at worst. But later on, he didn’t tell Peter because he didn’t want the images of Peter’s heroes to be tainted. Peter had idolized them for so long, he didn’t want to be the one to completely shatter the illusion.
Steve moves in front of Bucky, and both of them look shaken. It was odd of them to be so expressive.
 Kid, that’s enough.  He wants to say, but his mouth doesn’t move.  They’re friends. 
 Are they?  A voice hisses in his ear, sounding too much like Zemo.  They left you for dead in a frozen wasteland. Without T’Challa, you’d be dead. 
He lets Peter walk forward, a small and terrible part of him relishing in the fact that the Rogues get a taste of their own medicine.
“Son—” Steve tries again, palms open in surrender and voice unthreatening.
 “Don’t call me that!”  Peter shrieks, breathing heavily. “You almost killed my dad! You kept a secret like that, then beat him up for being mad about it?!”
“Peter, I know it looks bad, and it  was, we both were acting irrationally. Yes, what I did was wrong, and I’m so  sorry. ” Steve stresses, and the part of Tony that wanted to see them suffer lessened. “We were both fighting with our best assets, and we weren’t thinking.”
Peter snorts, the sound ugly. Tony winces. “With your best assets? You may have tried your hardest to kill him, but I know  exactly  what assets Dad had in the Mark 46, and he didn’t use them. If he wanted to kill you, there wouldn’t even be any bodies left to recover.”  And I think he should have.  It’s an unspoken phrase, but they all hear it anyway.
That sends the whole room into complete sil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fix-It of Sorts
Angst with a Happy Ending
only light angst tho
Team Cap friendly
Sort Of
Fluff and Angst
Team as Family
Communication
peter and tony are pretending to be biologically related
peter gets royally Pissed Off at stucky
but they work it out
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

