Chapter 1: The Birth
    


Summary:

Everything will be all right.Howard said so



Notes:
This chapter contains traumatic experiences during labor, gaslighting, and what might be considered severe spouse abuse (Howard and Maria). You know your own comfort levels, please read accordingly. I will answer any questions you might have about the chapter at my tumblr account Tisfan

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

1971
Maria Stark screamed.It wasn’t unusual, really. She was giving birth, screaming was part of the process, everyone always said so.Maria expected it to hurt, but she hadn’t been screaming, not really. Not until the doctor pulled out a shiny needle, the barrel filled with a strange blue liquid, one drop glistening from the end of the cannula. “Here you are, Mrs. Stark, that’ll make that nasty old pain go away,” the doctor said. She didn’t know him, and there was something generically humiliating about being naked in the same room with a man she’d never even met. Although she’d expected that, a little bit, too. Her girlfriends who’d already had their heirs had said that once she started the labor process, she became a non-entity. No one would look at her twice, but the doctors would come in and out, their only concern not her grotesquely stretched and displayed vagina, but the child that would soon be entering the world.Maria thought they meant to reassure her that no one would be paying her nakedness any mind, but she felt an odd frisson of unease, instead.“What is that?” she demanded, staring at the needle.“Darling,” Howard said, and Maria jerked her head to the other side to stare at her husband, the man she trusted. Who was, in fact, the only other person in the room. She wasn’t sure how that happened; weren’t there supposed to be nurses and assistants and -- hadn’t she said she wanted her mother to be here? She’d called her mother when the first pains started. “Just take it easy, everything’s going to be just fine.”She’d been worried, but not scared, until he said that.Why wouldn’t everything not be fine?“Howard?”She wanted to demand more explanations, any explanation. She’d been too busy listening to the urges of her suddenly tumultuous body to notice how strange all of this was until now.Howard had driven her. Howard had. Not the driver, not an ambulance. Howard put her in the back seat of the car as soon as she’d gotten off the phone with her mother, and driven her. Not to the clean, white hospital she’d expected, but somewhere else. A… smaller building.“It’s just the lab, don’t worry, special arrangements,” Howard had said.But Maria wasn’t sure where she was. She wasn’t sure who this man was who was offering her a needle.And Howard… Howard wasn’t meeting her gaze.She’d become a non-entity. Not a woman, not a wife. But an incubator for a child.Maria reached for her husband, determined. She would drag his arm closer and bite him if she had to, but she was going to get some answers.Except she felt the needle prick her other arm while she’d been distracted, and…Maria screamed.***She woke up and there was no one there. Scared. Alone. She couldn’t remember anything around the swelling fear. Not even her name.She ached all over and her chest hurt like someone was laying on it. Over the aches -- or under it -- there was a sticky, sweaty patina. She gradually noticed that her thighs were wet, her breasts ached, and she had hair in her face.She went to brush her hair from her face and couldn’t. Her right arm was strapped to a board, an IV in her elbow. The skin around it was dark and bruised and puffy. She followed the line up to an empty bag on an IV stand.Turning her head, she discovered that her left wrist was held to the bedside with a chain, the shiny handcuff bracelet around her left wrist. What was going on? Where was she?Her belly was… weird. Numb, somehow, and oddly empty in a way that didn’t remind her of hunger. She struggled to sit in the confines of her bonds. Managed to get upright. Her legs were spread and she didn’t seem to have any control over them, numb and useless from the hips down.What was going on?She opened her mouth on a sob, her voice harsh and ragged. She’d planned to scream for help, but-- who would help her? There was no one here, there was nothing here, and… someone had brought her here. Someone she trusted.Maybe not to care for her, not exactly, but the--
Where was her baby?
She struggled against her bindings, squeezing her left hand as narrow as it would go and, slippery with sweat, she managed to get it free. She picked gingerly at the tape around the IV line, each tug of sticky stuff painful, but not half as painful as the fear in her chest. Where was her baby in this horrible place?She drew in a deep breath and pulled the needle out. It splattered blood and then leaked. She grabbed a bit of the sheet and put pressure on the wound, trying to stop her elbow from bleeding while she tried to figure out what to do nex
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Dubious Ethics
Dubious Science
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Gaslighting
Pregnancy
Medical Trauma
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Psychological Trauma
Angst with a Happy Ending
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

