Work Text:

1933
Steve’s fifteen, and though he’s never played this game before, he’s pretty sure this isn’t how the rules go. Bucky had talked him into coming out for the evening to hang out at Debby Gibson’s place, because as he told him, her parents weren’t home and she was throwing a bit of a party. She had rummaged through her parents’ alcohol collection, which was admittedly limited, and took just a little from the several bottles to make a concoction that could be passed around and sipped on. It tastes disgusting, but they all take their swigs anyways.Steve drinks namely because Bucky drinks, and he likes watching Bucky drink; the way his lips look with the rim of the cup between them, or the way his throat works when he swallows. Steve’s fifteen and he and Bucky have been best pals since they were fresh out of their toddler years, and he knows that he shouldn’t be finding Bucky’s lips as pretty as he finds girls’.There’s a group of about ten of them there. They’re all Bucky’s friends from school; by association, Bucky tells Steve that that makes them his friends, too, but Steve knows it doesn’t work that way. Just because he’s always by Bucky Barnes’s side doesn’t mean these other kids like him. On the contrary, he knows it’d be more accurate to assume that they simply put up with him; tolerate him. In a way, that’s fine with Steve. He likes Bucky being the center of his universe.On the other hand, it stings. Because Bucky is the center of his universe, but Bucky has other friends, other people in his life that he cares about, so Steve knows he isn’t the center of Bucky’s. And that tends to make him yearn for more friends of his own to take his mind off of that.He knows what Spin the Bottle is. When it’s suggested, everyone grins and the girls start giggling, and Steve watches Bucky high five Jeffrey McDonald as he gulps and feels his heart start to pound just a wee bit faster. He can only imagine what they all think of him – that Steve Rogers twerp who’s always trailing on Bucky’s coat tails – but it’s never been said out loud that Steve’s never kissed no one before, and he doesn’t feel like making that information public now. The problem is, this puts him in a difficult position. He assumes Bucky will cover for him – maybe talk them out of playing, because Steve isn’t so sure he wants his first kiss to be on display like this for everyone to see – but his best friend seems none the wiser to Steve’s plight. Reluctantly, he takes his seat in the circle and watches everyone take turns spinning the bottle in the center.Every time it starts to slow, Steve feels his heart beating in his ears, afraid that it will land on him.For obvious reasons, if a boy lands on another boy, or a girl with another girl, they get to spin again. Within a few minutes, he starts to suspect that they’ve expanded the rules a little bit, because when Marcy Horton lands on Duane Chalmers, they don’t crawl towards each other and give each other a peck over the bottle like Steve thinks they’re supposed to. No, Duane gives the other boys a little smirk and rises to his feet; holding out his hand for Marcy to take. She giggles at the other girls and grabs it, following him out of the room.Steve watches them go in confusion. Leaning towards Bucky, he asks under his breath, “Where’re they goin’?”“Debby’s bedroom,” Bucky explains quietly; his own eyes still watching where they’d left, same as everyone else’s. He brings one hand to the side of his mouth and hollers, “GO GET ‘ER, CHALMERS! You got five minutes, beginning now!”Steve’s cheeks flare. “What’re they doin’ in there?”Bucky looks at him and gives him a shit-eating grin; one that makes Steve’s tummy flip flop and every time it does, he feels a little more ashamed. “Whaddaya think?” Bucky replies conspiratorially, waggling his eyebrows. Steve blinks and then turns light pink, dropping his gaze back down to his hands folded tensely on his lap. Bucky watches him and then frowns, quickly glancing around the room. Leaning in, he nudges Steve’s shoulder and mutters, “Just stay calm, Steve. It’s fine. You don’t gotta do nothin’ you don’t wanna do. When it’s your turn, you can just stick to kissin’ if you want. Ain’t no one gonna judge you for that.”Bucky’s breath smells like liquour. Steve really wants to see if it’d taste the same way on his tongue. He swallows and gives a small nod.Eventually, when it’s Bucky’s turn, he spins and lands on Debby. Steve’s stomach drops. He knew he’d feel like that no matter who it had landed on, but the fact that it’s Debby makes him feel all the more gutted – namely because Bucky’s had a very open crush on her for weeks. Worse yet, in the last couple of days, it had seemed as though the feeling was becoming mutual. Bucky grins and casts Steve a quick wink before casually getting up and hooking out his elbow.“Shall we, doll?” he drawls charmingly. The guys laugh and cheer him on while the other girls giggle and roll their eyes. Steve knows they’re all i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Kiss
Pre-War
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Teenagers
Horny Teenagers
Kissing
Rutting
Eventual Smut
Eventual Fluff
Happy Ending
Resolved Sexual Tension
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
30 Day OTP Challenge
Prompt Fic
Warning: NSFW image at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

