Chapter 1: you left me no choice
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter was practically buzzing with excitement (excitement, terror, who could tell the difference, right?) as he drummed his fingers against the cold concrete. It was two-thirty in the morning and the streets of New York were practically abandoned. The ledge of the large convention center he was crouched on was just right; high enough to be out of sight but low enough he could keep an eye on the road at all times. The only struggle was staying still. Peter felt like he was going to vibrate out of his skin from all the nerves. It was his first official stakeout and he couldn’t afford to blow it, especially since he was dealing with such a big target.“Karen,” he whispered. “Any heat signatures matching our guy yet?” He’d been there all night, waiting for a car or taxi or helicopter (unlikely, but always a possibility) to pull up to the building, but with no luck. And since it was fencing on three in the morning, Peter was starting to doubt the info he got was any good. “Not yet, Peter. Would you like me to run a city-wide scan for you?” The last time she did that, he swung into an eight-year-old’s birthday party with metaphorical guns blazing. Ironically enough, it was superhero themed. He politely declined and directed his gaze back towards the street.A few minutes later, a large black van pulled up in front of the building. “Finally,” he murmured and retreated into the shadows of the ledge, just in case. According to Aaron, who had “connections”, Wilson Fisk would be making a special appearance tonight—his first in months. Peter needed the crime boss to pop up, giving him the chance to A) attempt to stop him, or B) gather evidence for the proper authorities in case Option A fell through.“Alright, Karen, you ready?” he asked quietly. He cracked his knuckles as the van parked, the doors starting to slide open. “That was rhetorical by the way, you don’t need to answer."Peter sucked in a breath as dark figures started to climb out. It was frustratingly unclear how many got out of the vehicle from this angle, and the way they moved as a unit just made it worse. By the time he thought to ask Karen to run a scan, the group was already in the building.“Dammit,” he huffed. Peter launched himself at the wall, scrambling up the cool brick to the open window he spotted earlier in the night. The convention center had offices located in the top couple of floors, a fact Peter was  so very grateful for as he darted through the empty rooms. He burst into the main hallway and spotted an air duct, barely waiting for Karen’s confirmation that yes, it was a central duct, before ripping the grate off and climbing into the vents.He started off in the general direction of the main conference room, the place where Fisk would supposedly show up, crawling as quickly as he could on his hands and knees. “Well, this is less than dignified,” Peter sighed, and then immediately smashed his head into the top of the vent. “Okay-  ow.” Peter reached a fork in the vents after another minute or two, both which happened to be leading in opposite directions. “Uh, Karen? Which way to the central conference room?”It was silent for a moment, then she responded quietly, borderline dejected. “I’m sorry, Peter. It seems my sensors are being diverted. I can not supply you with any useful information at this time."He stopped. “Seriously?”“Yes.”“I-. Okay. Okay, we can get through this.” He nodded his head, trying to convince himself more than the A.I. There were only two options; that meant it was a fifty-fifty on choosing right. Peter cursed and ducked left, hoping he got lucky and chose the right path. He  really  should’ve planned better.He tried to go as fast as he could through the air space, at one point digging his toes into the metal beneath him, bunching his legs up, and pushing himself along. Peter glanced through the grates he would occasionally pass, but they all led into either more office spaces or hallways. “Come on, come on come on come on,” he whispered to himself.Minutes passed before he finally came upon one that led into a large, open room. Peter stopped, sagging in relief. “Oh, yes. Thank God,” Peter said and picked his head up. “Not today, Parker luck. Shove it."He wiggled forward enough so the top half of his chest was resting on the slated metal. Sticking his fingers to the grate, he pushed down hard with one hand, making sure he didn’t drop it with the other. The screws gave out without much noise, and Peter plopped the grate on the opposite side of the now-open hole. Peter stuck his head out first, scouting for vantage points, and when he zeroed in on the large rafters at the other end of the room, he scuttled across the ceiling. He tucked himself in the junction of the metal, sitting against one and grabbing on to the other for stability. “Are your sensors back up, Karen?” “No, Peter, not yet."Peter nodded
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Angst
Peter Parker Whump
Fluff
attempted humor
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
we aint about that life
Team Red
liberties with canon obviously
web slinging and introspection
shrugging is a real form of communication in this verse and i abuse it heavily
Bad Jokes
stealing combat from smps4 and shamelessly using it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

