Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony was getting used to having all the Avengers back at the compound.  They had returned several weeks ago, after the Accords had been completely revised and the rogue Avengers had been pardoned. Everyone was working on resolving their personal issues and rebuilding what they had lost. They were actually talking and trying to reestablish their trust in each other. 
To be honest, Tony found that it was nice to have the living quarters filled again. The residence wing had seemed so lonely and empty.  It felt good to train together and have meals together. Tony was starting to feel like they really were a team again. But now, the one team member Tony enjoyed having around the most was getting ready to leave. 
Peter had been staying at the compound most weekends for the past several months. His summer break from school had started a week ago and Peter had spent the entire week with Tony and the other Avengers. 
At first, the returning Avengers hadn’t known what to think of the boy.  Most of them had been wary of him, worried about his youth and inexperience. More than one of the Avengers had lectured Tony about his mistake of recruiting a teenager. But as the team got to know Peter, they grew to accept him as a young hero.  They respected his abilities and accomplishments, even as they recognized his need for training and guidance. 
When the Avengers saw Tony and Peter together, they were amazed by how changed the billionaire seemed to be.  When interacting with Peter, Tony was relaxed, attentive, protective, and affectionate. Some of the team even whispered the description  parental  when they talked about it. 
Now Peter was getting ready to head back to Queens. Tomorrow he would be leaving for his annual summer camp. Tony knew the camp was important to Peter, but he was sad to see the Kid go. 
Tony and Peter had made the most of what would be the Kid’s last day at the compound for a while. They had worked in the lab, watched movies, even went for a swim. Now they were sitting at the kitchen island eating pizza and talking about the summer camp. 
Peter had mixed feelings about going away.  He loved going to the “camp” each summer. Sometimes it felt like the only place he could really relax and be himself.  The only place he had no secret identity, no secret projects, no stress about anyone discovering his hidden truths. And he had friends at camp who understood things his school friends would never be able to comprehend.  It felt like a huge weight off his shoulders just to be there. Plus he actually had fun with the work, both his assignments and his personal interest projects. He had exciting ideas about what he wanted to accomplish this summer.
But Peter knew he would miss Tony, May, Ned, and the Avengers. He felt especially guilty about Tony.  Peter wished that he could tell Tony the truth about the camp and about his past. But every time Peter had asked - practically begged - for permission to tell Tony, he had been denied. 
Tony didn’t have a high enough clearance to know the truth. Project Legacy was one of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s most closely guarded secrets. Tony wasn’t allowed to know that selected minor children of deceased S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were trained and used for special projects. And the so-called summer camp was an essential part of that training. 
The consequences of telling Tony without permission would be severe, so Peter kept quiet about it. Tony only knew his cover story. Peter and May had told him that Camp Legacy was a highly exclusive academic summer camp that just happened to be run by old friends of Richard and Mary Parker.  
“So you go this Camp Legacy every summer?” Tony asked him again as they ate, even though they had talked about this before.
Peter nodded and smiled. “Yes, every summer since I was five. When I was little, I only went for a few days.  And then as I got older, it was a week then two weeks. The amount of time gradually got longer. The past couple of years I’ve gone for about six weeks or more.” That part was not a lie, at least. 
“That long? Six weeks? Or even more?”  It sounded like forever to Tony.
“It depends on how my projects go.  Sometimes I need more time to finish whatever I’m working on.” Pete explained.
“You’ll be gone more than half your summer break.” Tony said with disappointment.  
Peter nodded. “I know. But it will go by fast.  It always does.”
“Maybe for you. It won’t for me.” The man almost seemed to be pouting. 
Peter gave him a small, reassuring smile. 
Tony sighed. “Is it the same group of kids every year?” he asked.
“Yeah, for the most part. Sometimes there’s a new face or two and of course kids eventually age out, but otherwise it’s the same kids. It’s a good group.”  The boy smiled, obviously looking forward to seeing his friends again.
“Are you going to call or text and give me rambling details of what you’re doing?” Tony teased him.
Peter shook his head. “No access to cell phones allowed.  They’re pretty 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Nick Fury & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
SHIELD
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Renegotiated Sokovia Accords
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Secret Past
Manipulative Nick Fury
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Nick Fury & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Peter Parker

