Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Ed had thought, after the whole Promised Day, homunculus, entire country harvested for alchemical batteries thing, the batshit quotient of his life would have settled down some. He really ought to have topped out the meter with that one. But no. The bullshit is just getting started. “Are you  fucking  kidding me,” Ed demands. “The  wizards?”  Mustang sighs. “Yes. The wizards.” “But they’re all loonies over there!” “Nonetheless, we have been asked to resolve the situation.” “Why  us?” “Do  you want to be the one to explain to General Armstrong why her dear childhood friend from summer camp abroad isn’t getting help with her terrorist problem?” “Why the fuck isn’t she the one here, then! You telling me the Ice Queen can’t handle some terrorists?”  “These  terrorists use  soul bonds, Fullmetal, so forgive us all for calling in an expert.” “You just want her to owe you a favor,” Ed growls. Mustang’s mouth ticks up just a hair. “You’re getting better at this, Fullmetal. Though primarily what I want is to not be disemboweled and left to be savaged by rabid bears while dear Olivier laughs and watches.” “I’d buy tickets to that,” Ed mutters. “What the fuck is this about soul bonds?”Mustang’s face loses some of the amusement. “The briefing so far has been… less than satisfactory on most details,” he says, pushing a folder across the desk. “But from what I understand, their number one most wanted raised himself from the dead.” Ed snatches up the folder. “Raised from the  dead?”  The briefing is  way less than satisfactory: there’s practically nothing here, just four pages of notes about location (wizard loony land, who cares), a pathetically scant threat estimate (whoever did that analysis is clearly just as pleased to have next to no details to offer as Ed is to get them) and one page is just a handwritten letter on weird beige paper. Ed frowns at it and holds it up. “Fuck is this?” “General Armstrong’s friend - one Amelia Bones - is the director of law enforcement for their government, and she is the one who requested help. She is not, however, reaching out in her official capacity but rather as,” Mustang’s mouth purses eloquently, “a member of a vigilante group of private citizens.”“What.” “Because their government is insisting that the terrorists don’t exist.”Ed squinches his face up. Governments cover up wild shit all the time, obviously, but terrorism tends to be co-opted and used as propaganda fodder, not denied.  “Do they exist?” “General Armstrong certainly thinks so.” Mustang sighs. “There’s a translation attached.” Ed flips the letter over and finds it, immediately recognizing Hughes’ handwriting. “Hughes speaks wizard?” he asks, scanning the page.  Hate to ask this of you… no other help... “English,” Mustang corrects. “No, he recorded Olivier’s verbal translation. If anyone else in the military speaks English we’re not aware of them.” Ed flips through the measly handful of pages again and eyes the Intelligence seal on everything except the letter. “How official is this?” Mustang shrugs. “We’re Security. General Armstrong has brought us evidence of alchemical terrorism that has the potential to become a national security threat -”“Wizards have alchemy?” Mustang sighs. “No, Fullmetal,” he says in his  do keep up  voice. “But nobody’s going to take a report with the word ‘magic’ in it seriously.” Ed waves a hand. “So we’re on the up and up but only as far as it takes to paper over the bullshit.” “And as you said, it can be very valuable to have General Armstrong owe you a favor,” Mustang says. “After this I’m not going to be the only one with an IOU.” “With me doing the entire military’s dirty work, as usual,” Ed says in comfortable disgust. “When do I leave?” “We will be heading out the day after tomorrow,” Mustang says. “Once we receive the Imperial travel documents securing passage through Xing. I’d suggest you wire Alphonse and let him know we’ll be passing through the capital.” Ed’s so distracted by  Al! Yay!  that he almost doesn’t see the catch. Almost.  “We?”  Mustang smiles. “Why yes. It’s official military policy to send no man alone when traveling across the Divide. Hawkeye and Havoc will accompany us to the gateway in Guangshi, and I will be joining you to rendezvous with our contacts and determine whether we’ll need to apply any more… resources.” “Oh, you’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” Ed says. -o-The contact rendezvous is at someone’s literal fucking house. Getting there is a fucking nightmare, because first it’s three days’ train ride across the desert - thank fuck for the new rail lines - and then another three days upriver in Xing, and then  another day in a boat along the coast. They’re not alone, at least: Al and Mei join them when the river passes through the imperial capital because neither of them have been to Guangshi. Ed’s never been to a port city before either, Amestris being landlocked, and Mustang must be feeling slightly less bastardly than usual bec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Humor
Post-FMA Canon
Harry Potter 5th Year
Nobody’s Going To Hogwarts
Me sprinting down the highway while snorting coke off my hand
i just need to get this out of my system
Oh yeah Maes Hughes lives bc i said so
Ed: what the fuck do you mean you have ELVES and SLAVERY
also ed: lol ya i joined the military when i was 12
Voldemort is the one percent
Dementors
If you're a science person come correct me
do not repost to another site
The Edward Elric Mortal Combat School of Trauma Therapy
Ed Says Fuck
Ed Says Fuck 600+ Times

fandom: 
None
