Work Text:
There’s a bathroom on the second floor. It’s between an empty French class room that the school couldn’t get the budget for the last three years and a science classroom taught by a teacher who’s style meant handing out textbooks and then taking a nap. Teachers never went into this bathroom. It was where the rich kids always went to smoke and after one of their parents got a janitor fired for reporting them to the principal, the staff ignores the place. Peter had never been in that bathroom before. But today he was invited. Peter wasn’t sure why he came. He had always swore to himself that he didn’t care about being cool or fitting in. Ned, being his best friend, was the only friend he needed. So why was it that he came up to this bathroom, ditching first period, just because Flash Thompson said he wanted to talk? He turned on the light as he came in. Three paces into the room, someone turned it off. He yelped as hands grabbed him but something was stuffed into his mouth. There were too many people on him, holding him down, taking off his clothes. In a panic, he squirmed, but in the darkness he couldn’t see them to fight. He thought maybe his fist connected with someone, but he got a hard punch to the gut for his trouble and doubled over, he was easier to subdue. Especially once they kicked him to the ground. They were doing something, coiling something like rope around his body. Someone picked him up and set him on top of the toilet. They tied him, legs spread apart and raised up. His back was on the seat more than his ass was. They tied his hands behind him, rope snug around the tank where he couldn’t move his arms. Once he was snug and couldn’t move any part of his body, the lights came on. Smirking at him from the doorway of the stall was Flash Thompson. Behind him were four of his buddies. Flash got in his face. “Morning, Penis,” he said. “So glad you could join us.” Peter mumbled his anger around the fabric in his mouth. “What’s that? You like it here? It’s filthy since everyone’s afraid to come in and clean. Sometimes we pay a freshman to clean it for us, but it’s been a few months now. You’ll get used to the smell.” Peter tried to tell him off, ask him what he wanted, demand his clothes back. “You’re here because teenage boys are hormonal freaks,” he laughed and so did his boys. “I hate to say it, but you’ve got a nice face, Penis. And when we decided to grab one of the nobodies and turn them into our own human toilet, you were the first one we thought of. You should be honored.” It was all a horrifying blur from there. One minute he’s talking big and the next he’s sticking his bare cock into Peter’s ass. It was surprisingly big for someone as seemingly overcompensating as Flash, yet Peter sweat under the exertion of stretching around him. Flash pats his cheek in mock comfort. “I know it’s big,” he says. “Don’t worry, Parker. You won’t die.” And that’s the best Peter could say for himself. He wasn’t dead. But Flash was holding his thighs and fucking his ass, head thrown back, groaning in pleasure when he slammed in deep. “You keep making those little noises, Penis,” Flash said. “You sound like a bitch. I think we chose well.” Everyone behind him laughed and Peter’s face went beet red as he remembered their audience. He didn’t realize the sounds he was making, but now all he can hear is his own pathetic whining and whimpering. He couldn’t help it, Flash was too deep, moving too fast, it was pain and too much friction and the humiliation. He could barely breathe, he was too overwhelmed. And then Flash hit his prostate and he couldn’t help it when he moaned and his flaccid cock twitched, starting to thicken up. He couldn’t help it and it turned his stomach the way they all laughed again. He worked his tongue around until he could push the cloth from his mouth. “Flash,” he started, but it choked off when Flash thrusts in too hard. “No one told you you could talk,” Flash glared. “Stop it, please!” Peter yelled. “Let me go!” “Shut up, Parker. Do you really want someone to find you like this? They’ll probably just want a turn. I know these fellas do,” Flash said. His cronies laughed some more. Looking over Flash’s should Peter saw where most of them were jerking off watching. Tears welled in his eyes and he squeezed then shut. He was too angry and disgusted to cry before, but now he was scared, humiliated, defeated. Flash laughed. “Don’t worry, Parker. You’re going to love being the school cum dump. But you can keep crying if you want. I like it.” Sure enough, Flash was watching the tears roll down his cheeks when Peter opened his eyes again. He was fucking him faster too and Peter knew the noises he was making were pathetic and whiny, but Flash seemed to like that too. And then he was holding on to Peter’s thighs way too tight, burying himself deep, and cumming in his ass, sighing up to the ceiling. He pulled out too fast, making Peter cry out. “Clean dicks only. I don’t want to catch anything.” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
Peter Parker/Other(s)

freeform: 
Bondage
Kidnapping
Gangbang
Cum Play
Piss Play
Dehumanization
Mind Break
Cum Addiction
Humiliation
Overstimulation
Crying
Begging
Cum Eating
Double Penetration

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
Peter Parker/Other(s)

