Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Bucky groans. He does it involuntarily and without realizing that his internal groan becomes external. Not that it matters. Plenty of people groan when they are at the gym. Sit-ups, pushups, weights, stretching, running—the building is flooded with noises of discomfort or strain from the time they open to the time they close.
Bucky’s therapist told him it would be a good idea to think about getting back into the swing of things in terms of working out, his health, his strength. It many help with the unbalance he feels about feeling mentally weak constantly; if his body feels strong maybe he won’t feel like a sack of shit all the time. He had put on a solid thirty pounds after he came home, a combination of depression, laying on the couch, and fucking finally being able to eat anything he wanted at any goddamn time he wanted again. After Nat came to him teary-eyed about how great her concern was for him, how at a loss she was, Bucky promised her to start talking to someone, seeing a therapist.
It has been about a month now, starting out with seeing his therapist once a week, and the suggestion for working out came within that first meeting. He had simply asked him how he might think he’d feel if he’d start hitting the gym, get out of the house, feeling sore, putting his body to work. The answer had been immediate.
“Shit, I’d probably feel great, I don’t know.”
“Join a gym? Run in the park? Plenty of people run in the park. Don’t even have to start out with running. Take walks? Maybe it would help you.”
And here he was. He gets up at 5 AM every day (naturally of course) and heads to the gym three blocks from his apartment. He works out for about an hour, alternating his bodily focus for the day, sometimes hits the steam room afterwards, sometimes showers there, and takes the long way home. Bucky has become really keen on this routine he has built. Not only does he like that his day starts with the same thing, a routine, he enjoys the benefits that have come with working out. He likes feeling sore. He likes being sweaty. He likes that his head isn’t so foggy and that he has more energy. It also doesn’t help that he’s lost eleven of the thirty points he managed to gain. He’s workin’ on it.
Bucky likes ending his workout with a light jog. He appreciates the finality and the success he feels after doing so, a solid conclusion to his workout, nothing strenuous—a light jog. Today was arm day and the combination of that and the few laps around the track is his favorite variation. He turns the volume of his music up as his feet hit the rubber and he begins his cooldown.
__________
Steve wheezes. He knows the people around him can notice, seeing glances thrown his way out of the corner of his eyes, hopefully because they are impressed with his feats and not in a sympathetic or concerned way or some shit. Plenty of people wheeze in a gym whether it be his scrawny asthmatic ass or someone who isn’t as conditioned to running or someone who has pushed themselves too hard. People wheeze from dusk ‘till dawn around here.
Steve has been starting his day with the gym for nearly a year now. Has it made a physical difference in his body? Not really. Has it made a mental and emotional difference for him? Absolutely. Steve feels strong. He knows he isn’t the biggest dude (he is literally the smallest man in any given room at any given time) but he likes the rush working out gives him in the mornings that carries over to his entire day. He likes that he feels his mind grow in resiliency through the physicality of a workout. He likes the somewhat shaky balance between his small and arguably feminine frame and his powerful mental stability that going to the gym gives him; it makes him feel cohesive. Granted this working out has come with him thinking he’s hot shit and can get into fights (necessary ones, swear, he wouldn’t fight unless there’s someone who needs him to—he hates hurting people) but he doesn’t acknowledge the connection much.
Steve likes coming to the gym this early in the morning, setting a stupid early alarm each night, because no one wants to chat and everyone is there to focus. It’s perfect. Another factor is it isn’t super crowded like a big gym in a big city can be. He can use whatever machine he wants with no one on either side of him and can enjoy his slow and easy start to the day. His favorite part though? The sauna. He loves heading there after he works his body to its near max level of strain, sitting there and sweating it out, his limbs and muscles feeling like Jell-O. He loves how relaxed it makes him.
This morning especially, he has looked forward to the steam room since he walked through the doors and scanned his fingerprint. He worked his legs hard yesterday, managing to do a solid set of weighted squats, and today’s plan was cardio and arms. His entire body fucking hurt. He needed that warmth and sweat and relaxation. He needed it and his body needed it. By th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Public Nudity
Semi-Public Sex
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
Public Masturbation
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Rimming
Shower Sex
Masturbation in Shower
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Gyms
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Praise Kink
Verbal Humiliation
just a little
Mutual Masturbation
Size Kink
Dom/sub Undertones
Subspace
Multiple Orgasms
Feminization

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

