Chapter 1: Oh my child
    


Notes:
Ok so I had this idea about 10 minutes ago and now I’m writing it because omg I love it!! What you need to know is that Tony isn’t Iron Man yet but he will eventually become Iron Man. This fic will not follow the plot lines of everything that happens in the Iron Man or Avengers movies expect for the fact that Tony will eventually become Iron Man. I’m just gonna kinda go with the flow here and just write so sorry if it might be a little confusing, you can ask me any questions you have at any time:))I hope you guys like this

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony woke up with a hangover. His head was killing him and everything felt weird but despite that feeling he still got out of bed and headed straight down for his lab. It didn’t even feel like he slept last night at all but he guessed he did sleep at least a few hours considering how awful he feels right now.Tony could barely remember anything from last night but he guessed that that was a good thing because he knows how he gets when he drinks a lot so he’s thankful that he doesn’t have any memories of that himself. Unless he really messed up then he would like to have that memory but so far Pepper wasn’t at his bedroom door banging on it to wake him up and yell at him for what he did so he counted that as a win. Once Tony was in his lab he started to play around with some blue prints he was working on a few weeks ago. He was about to start where he left off last time but he looked up and saw Pepper walking into his lab looking really angry for some reason. Maybe he did mess up last night and it just took her longer to get over here. Tony held up his hands in surrender “Whatever happened last night can you please not yell at me until I’ve finished at least two cups of coffee?” Pepper slammed down a file on his work desk but he paid no attention to it because he was too busy looking at Peppers angry face. “Tony, do you have any idea what you’ve done?” Pepper asked firmly. Tony hated when she used that voice on him because he wouldn’t admit it to anyone but it kinda scared him and made him want to listen to her. That’s part of the whole reason why he hired her to work for him. He liked what he saw and how she gave off powerful women vibes and that’s what he needed in his life so he hired her as his personal assistant. It had been this way for almost a year now and Pepper has walked into his lab many times with a look similar to this one on her face but it was never this bad before. Tony pushed off on his desk a bit so that his chair could move away from Peppers accusing finger that was pointed at him “Look, whatever I did last night I didn’t mean to do it so if you could... not look at me that way, that would be nice” Pepper crossed her arms and for a second Tony thought that she was gonna start yelling at him but then her face softened and she put her hand over her face. Tony watched her now with some concern of his own. She looked up at him and sunk into a chair that was on the other side of the desk. Tony wanted to say something but he didn’t. They just stared at each other for a few seconds before Pepper took a deep breath and spoke. “Tony, you’re a dad” Pepper said. It took awhile for that statement to process in his mind and when it did he opened his mouth to say something but then shut it. He doesn’t remember too much of last night or anything at all for that matter but he knows how sex works and that it would take nine months for a baby to actually be born in order for him to be a dad. Pepper saw his confusion so she continued “You know that I’m always dealing with women claiming to be pregnant with your kid but it’s never true. That is until today”She paused before continuing “I got a call from this lady today, her name is Mary Parker and at first I just thought that she was another woman claiming to be pregnant with your kid but she already had the baby and she didn’t want anything from you, no money, no fame, nothing so I asked her how you guys met and she said that you met at a party about a year back and so I tracked down the guest list for that party and found her name along with your name on it” Tony felt like he wasn’t breathing. If everything that Pepper was saying was even close to being true then that means that he was a father and that... that just wasn’t possible. There was no way that he could have a baby. Although now that he thinks about it the name Mary Parker does sound familiar. If he remembers correctly then he took an interested in her because she was a scientist and he liked how smart she was. Then they got carried away and went to a hotel room and then...“She could still be lying” Tony said because even though they did have sex that doesn’t mean that he could be the dad. It could just be really good timing with another guy “How do you know for sure that I’m the dad?” “I don’t know for sure and that’s why I told her to bring the baby by t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Iron Man 1
Sad Peter Parker
Separation Anxiety
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Iron Man 3
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Peter gets bit
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

