Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Let it not be said that Thor did it on purpose. Let it not be said that he even did it knowingly, for it was most certainly not his intention to do it. But perhaps there was some trick of memory and subconscious desire involved, maybe his finger slipped over the quantum GPS and perhaps he afterwards wasn't as alarmed or as let down as he rightly should have been – perhaps there is even some relief, nay, joy in this mistake, after.In either case, his hand does move over the quantum GPS and his finger does slip over the keypad and the numbers there, carefully programmed to take him back whence he came, shift and scramble – and what was meant to be a round-trip between Earth and Asgard, past and future, ends up quite the one-way trip backwards in time once and then again.And so screaming, hurtling down a familiar spill of colour and roaring of the universe, Thor falls down to Earth, again. He bounces, lightly and then settles down in a heap. Under him there is dusty, dry ground, its grit familiar in his teeth as his head slams down and a starburst of shock flitters through his vision – and then he smells it, the acrid tint of a burn and ozone, as familiar as his armour, his weapons. The Bifrost – and the soil it left scorched in its wake.The noise he makes is one of pain.Thor knows, intellectually, what happened. Emotionally, he lies on the ground and presses his face into it and doesn't feel like acknowledging it just now. The earth feels solid under him, warm and cool all at once, rocks digging into his midriff. Around him is the burnmark of the Bifrost, its embers still glowing in the darkness.The smell is already overwriting the memory of her scent and the dirt the memory of the softness of her hair. Somewhere in another time, his mother will be continuing her day normally all the way to her eventual death, and Thor had told her so little. She had refused to listen – and he understands why. That doesn't mean it doesn't make him weep, just a little.It's a long while before he feels like lifting his head – by that point the dust of his arrival has settled a little, and what he knew asserts itself in the stars overhead. Turning around to lie in his back, Thor looks up, sniffling a little, rubbing a hand over his nose. It is night, and he knows these stars – the galaxy as seen from Earth.From the position of the local planets alone he can tell the time is wrong. In his heart, he knows just how wrong is is. Without looking he knows he is out of Pym Particles. He is out of time. He is stuck.All these thoughts settle slowly.Earth stars have nothing on the stars of Asgard, Thor thinks and his face twists for another, barely smothered sob. By the Allfathers, he misses Asgard so much, and he was just there...In the distance, he can hear voices – thrum of a car engine, women, sounds of panicking. They sound – familiar.Almost afraid, Thor tilts his head to look.Headlights of a van, two women, one man – no, two men, one of them on the ground. Jane, he'd recognise her anywhere, is kneeling over Thor who lays on the ground, weak, unconscious."Call 911!" Jane calls. "I think he's alive, but –""Are you kidding, it would take them forever to get there, if they'd even find this place at all," Darcy answers, even while dialing the phone. "She's right," Eric Selvig agrees, "it'll be faster if we take him to town ourselves – did he break anything, how is his neck?"Thor – the Elder – watches this with a tilted head and sand in his scalp. They haven't seen him, they don't know he's watching, in the darkness he's invisible. He could just – lie here. Lie here and pretend it would be alright.No, it would be alright. The rabbit had the Aether, he'd take it to the future, Stark would build a gauntlet, everything would be alright. Everything would be just fine. Even without him there. Because now he would never be there again. He'd be here. He'd be here forever.Thor's lip quivers and he looks up at the stars again."Come on," Jane says in the distance. "Let's get him into the car – let's get him out of here –""Wait!" Thor calls and then, against his better judgement and wishes, pushes himself up from the ground. "Wait, wait –"The activity by the car ceases, and someone aims a flashlight in his direction as Thor staggers to his feet. The nanosuit has withdrawn again, and he's in his own clothes, sand and dirt raining down from them as he stands, blinded by the light."You don't – you don't have to take him to the hospital," Thor says, shielding his eyes from the light and bracing himself before walking over. "He's going to be fine, just fine – just let him sleep it out and he'll be right as rain!""Oh my god, what the hell –?" Darcy says, going for her taser gun – and in that moment moment Thor the Younger wakes up with a roar.Thor the Elder stops to watch Darcy taze himself, scratching at the grit sticking to his belly as the younger version goes into a total plank and then falls over like a block of wood."Well,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Depression
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Trauma
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
