Chapter 1



Notes:
A few notes:Typical for most of my stories, the sexual content falls in a grey area between M and E.  SHIELD agents in this universe use real guns, with real bullets-- not that ICER crap-- just because that seems more realistic to me. The events in this story span, roughly, from the end of the first Thor, to the end of CA:TWS.  I use Agents of SHIELD characters (Coulson and May), but do not stick to the Agents timeline whatsoever (Coulson and May are together from the get-go here.)  Thank you for reading my story, and I hope you enjoy!  

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
May, 2010
Undisclosed location, Kazakhstan
-11ºC.  Light Flurries.
 
 “Fuck, it’s cold.”  

The words were loud in her earpiece— just the latest in a stream of pointless commentary from the man who was now approaching from the cover of darkness, less than twenty yards away. 
Agent Fromm chose to ignore him, just as she’d ignored his earlier observations on the moon (“Like a fuckin’ light bulb,”) the stale, sulfurous smell of the earth (“God, it’s like a backed-up drain,”) or his errors in judgment (“Knew I shoulda taken a leak when I had the chance.”)  

Muñoz liked to ramble on, but that didn’t mean she needed to respond.  He’d keep on talking, either way. She filtered out his voice, along with her own extraneous thoughts, as she rounded the dark corner of the building, trying to keep her eyes steady and her mind focused, even as she felt Muñoz come up from behind to join her. 

Fromm was a tiny wisp of a woman: at only five-foot-two, and wearing almost her own weight in tac gear, she didn’t tend to inspire fear in those who beheld her, which was precisely why Coulson favored her for this kind of work.  Agent Fromm was chronically underestimated.

She and Muñoz were almost done with their sweep, having split up to circle the entire warehouse. Now that they’d met up on the opposite side, they began to creep back around together, to the set of doors on the front of the building: apparently the only potential point of entry, other than the sealed-up loading dock.

Fromm had been expecting more chatter from Muñoz as they made their way back, but maybe the man had finally taken the fuckin’ hint, because he kept his mouth shut for a few blessed minutes.  

For a time, the only sounds in the dead of night were her own breathing, the soft, barely-there hiss of the open channel in her ear, and the crunch of their boots on the straw-like grass that covered much of the surrounding property, spreading its way over walkways and filling in old tire-tracks: reclaiming the land, in the inevitable way that only the relentless press of nature, and time, could do.
Without the buildings, it would have been almost idyllic, at least in warmer weather: the open plain, endless carpets of waving green undulating in the breeze like sea grass on a vast ocean floor.  But now, in the gloom of the dark and the cold, it was just another reminder of the harshness of life. Frozen brittle, straw-brown and dead, it stretched for miles in all directions, poking up through the scattered patches of snow like tufts of desiccated fur.
 
Muñoz, for all his faults, had been right about the temperature: it was definitely cold for March— even for Fromm, who was no stranger to a challenging climate, having grown up on the tip of Lake Superior in northern Minnesota. But even there, the third month of the year often brought the first flush of annual renewal: hopeful hints of green, as the tips of spring bulbs pressed up through the thawing soil, the cheerful twittering of birds returning to build their nests, and even the odd rain-shower, as the temperatures steadily climbed toward something more comfortable for human beings.

There was none of that here, in this bleak, sparsely populated plain, where the steppe gave way to its Siberian neighbor to the north… where herders, almost unchanged in their ways of a century ago, shared the polluted territory of distant smokestacks, and where winter hung on with cruel, icy claws. 

The temperature had crawled even lower in the little time they’d been on the ground, made even colder by a biting breeze that was just intermittent enough to preclude any gradual getting used to it. If it’d been a sentient thing, she could’ve imagined it enjoying the way it toyed with them: having mercy for a stretch, only to return with a vengeance, like a reminder of just how unpleasant the life-giving air could be, if it so chose.

To Agent Fromm, it was just another shitty night on the job, and yeah:  it was fuckin’ cold. But stating the obvious didn’t make it any less shitty, and she just wanted to get the job done— with as little bullshit as possible.

“We’re all clear,” she said into her mic, even as her eyes instinctively continued to sweep the lines of the massive building, resting finally on the heavy doors set into its north side.  

The other two teams were reporting similar find
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson/Melinda May (minor)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (backstory)
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa (mentioned)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Canon Divergence - Post-Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The First Avenger
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
WinterShock - Freeform
Soultember 2019
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence
Angst with a Happy Ending
Pining
Swearing
Bucky-typical unpleasantness (loss of body autonomy)
Memory Loss
Unethical Therapist
Stalking
Possessive Behavior
Involuntarily Predatory Behavior
Lies that Hurt People
The Good Guys Aren't Always Nice
SHIELDRA
Canon Divergence - Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Threats of Violence
Drinking to Cope
Mugging
Angst and Feels
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Consensual Sex
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Darcy Lewis
Dubious consent (brief) in Ch. 12
Making Love
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Hybrid Fraction-MCU Clint Barton
Bisexual Natasha Romanov (background)
Gay Sam Wilson (background)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson/Melinda May (minor)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (backstory)
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa (mentioned)

