Work Text:
 Steve laughs when Tony brings it up.Tony doesn’t have enough shame left in him to be embarrassed, and instead just sits back on his haunches and waits. Steve’s lying on his back, arm across his eyes, and his mouth pinches closed as he stifles his giggling. He removes the arm and looks up at Tony. “Wait, you mean it?” he asks, still smiling. “That’s what you want?”“I wouldn’t have brought it up if I didn’t want it,” Tony points out.  Steve hums in agreement and stares up at the ceiling. A second later he says, “I’ll pass.”“You’ll pass?” Tony asks, crawling over to him. “Does it gross you out?”“Not really,” Steve says, and there’s a glint in his eyes that Tony’s only just getting used to. His lips – still swollen, still wet, still so pink – twitch up at one corner. “I just don’t feel like giving you the satisfaction.”And Tony is, well, aghast. “We’re about to have sex. And you’re denying me satisfaction.” He leans down and catches Steve’s lower lip between his teeth, gives it a nip before Steve can start laughing at him again. He soothes the bite with his tongue with wide, messy licks. “I’m gonna tell the whole world the real you is an asshole.”“No one will believe you,” Steve says before licking up into his mouth. He used to be so hesitant with kisses, would just let Tony take the lead, but Tony’s proud to admit that in the few short weeks of their little pseudo-relationship, he’d learned to suck face like a champ. Right now, he kisses Tony with a beautiful kind of single-minded determinedness, making little mm-mm noises like he could eventually come just from this, slow and relaxed.But Tony’s not going to let him have slow and relaxed. He breaks a way with a gasp and Steve makes a sound low in his throat. “Whining already?” he says against the corner of Steve’s mouth. “I can guarantee I’ll make you so desperate, you’ll be begging for daddy by the end of this, whether you like it or not.”He lifts his head up and notices Steve’s eyes have darkened. “You can try.”That’s a thing he absolutely fucking loves about Steve: he’s always up for a challenge.He leans down to kiss him again and Steve’s hands come up to thread through his hair. Tony manoeuvres so Steve’s erection – still covered by his sweats – is pressed against his thigh. Steve bucks up instinctively, making an ah sound against Tony’s mouth. Tony presses his thigh down harder and Steve cants his hips up again, just a gentle little thrust. “You wanna hump my leg, Steve? You can if you want.”“Shut up, Tony,” Steve says and Tony decides to remove his thigh entirely, leaving Steve to thrust up against nothing. Steve makes a noise of frustration and Tony bites back a laugh; Steve is always so eager.  “Tony,” he warns.“You gotta be good,” Tony says, moving up so that he’s straddling Steve’s bare chest. “You gotta be good and tell me exactly what you want or you won’t get it. You want to be good don’t you?” He reaches into his pajama bottoms and pulls out his own half-hard cock. “Call me daddy,” he says, nudging the head against Steve’s chin.“Tony,” Steve says with a smirk because he’s a stubborn shit.“C’mon, baby,” Tony chides. “Tell daddy what you want. You want me to pound your mouth? Suck your dick? Fuck your tight little ass?” He counts off each option on his fingers, delighting in the way Steve bites his lip and closes his eyes. “You want me to eat you out?” He settles his hands on Steve’s pecs, lets his thumbs circle over his hardened nipples. “Want me to suck your tits, Stevie?”Steve gasps. “Don’t – call me that, that’s so –”“Tell me what you want,” Tony stresses.“You,” Steve says, glaring. “You and your cock.”Tony presses the tip of his cock against Steve’s lips, which are still soft and spit-wet from kissing. “Then get it nice and hard for me.”Steve loses the glare because now he has something better to focus on. In truth, Tony sometimes wonders if Steve loves Tony’s dick more than he loves Tony. Which is kind of fucked up but mostly just flattering; it’s a nice dick, after all.Steve sucks on the head first, which Tony’s found is his favourite thing, just gentle suckling on the head, moving the tip of his tongue over the slit and lapping up precome as soon as it emerges. He feels heat pool in his groin and he thrusts forward a little as he hardens further. “Suck it. Suck it, Steve, c’mon, harder,” he grunts, forcing himself to remain still and not give into the urge to fuck into Steve’s mouth and be done with it.Steve acquiesces and sucks harder and deeper, lifting his head up off the pillow a little. It looks pretty uncomfortable, so Tony thrusts forward, hard and fast, and Steve chokes. He eases back but Steve grabs him by the ass and shoves him forward again, into his mouth and down his throat. “Fuck,” Tony says when Steve starts swallowing around him, still making muffled little choking noises every now and then when Tony gives into the urge and thrusts. “Fuck, baby, you like that? You like gagging on daddy’s cock? You’re so sweet, suc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP
Daddy Kink
Face-Fucking
Anal Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Felching

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

