Chapter 1: [01]
    


Summary:

When Peter comes out as gay, Tony starts to act differently around him. When he confronts him about it, things suddenly take an unexpected turn.



Notes:
This isn’t really a lighthearted romance; it’s more of a dark, twisted story with somewhat dubious cont(s)ent and Tony isn’t a 100 % nice guy, so please be warned! There will be explicit sex scenes, but eventually this story will have more plot than smut.The story starts a few weeks after Peter’s sixteenth birthday, in an AU where he joined the Avengers after Homecoming (without him living at the compound). Italic headlines are lyrics of the song 'Devil Inside Me' by KSHMR

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

> you got me losing all my innocence <
Peter’s palms were sweaty, his breathing heavy and ragged, and his heart was pounding so hard that he could feel it in his throat. For the hundredth time he was asking himself if he was doing the right thing, yet, when the whole god-damn room was deadly silent, awaiting his oh-so-important announcement, Peter knew, it was now, or never.Uptight and anxious, he didn’t dare to look at the Avengers, especially not Mr. Stark, and focused on the glass of water in front on him instead. When Peter finally spoke, his voice was hoarse and silent, almost inaudible.“I uhm… t-there’s something I w-wanted to talk to you about.” He cleared his throat, twice, eyes still fixed on the glass, his face burning. “I… uhm…I just w-wanted to tell y-you, that…I’m… I’m gay.”For a few seconds, nobody said a word, filling Peter with dread and regret. Jesus fucking Christ, why did he have to tell them, why didn’t he-“Is this why you’ve been acting so weird lately?” Wanda asked with a frown, and Peter curtly nodded, still staring at the glass of water as if he seriously considered drowning himself in it. “I… I’m sorry.”“What for?” asked Sam, wholeheartedly confused.“Did you think we would not support you?” Natasha asked incredulously, and when Peter nodded again, looking fearful, the whole room chuckled. “Aw, you poor thing. You really wouldn’t have needed to worry about it.”“Peter…I’ve had my coming out two years ago,” Bucky said with a grin, “and Wanda… she’s bisexual.”Peter gaped at him, completely dumfounded. He then glanced at Wanda, who smirked and wiggled her eyebrows amusedly.“I… I didn’t know that,” the boy admitted, feeling embarrassed, although for very different reasons than he’d expected earlier.Bucky shrugged and laughed. “Sorry Pete, I thought you did.”“Peter, nobody should ever judge you about your sexuality,” Steve said, smiling fatherly, “No matter who you love, it’s your body and your choice. Let me tell you a story about-”The whole room groaned in unison when they realized that Steve was almost word-by-word quoting an educational video he had recorded as Captain America, which shut him up successfully. He frowned and pursed his lips, which made everyone burst out laughing. Peter joined in, utterly relieved and almost radiating with happiness. It was exactly like it had been with May, Ned and MJ, nobody seemed even slightly taken aback by his confession, nobody except… Peter’s smile dropped.Tony was staring at him from across the table with an irritated, stern expression. When he noticed that Peter had caught him, he quickly averted his gaze, completely ignoring him for the rest of the meeting.
Ever since the event at Peter’s homecoming, Tony and Peter had tried to get together every three to four weeks at least, mostly to spend some time in the lab, but also to hang out with each other or with the Avengers, and about once a week, they texted or spoke over the phone. However, after Peter had blurted out his homosexuality to everyone, things had changed. Tony couldn’t, no, didn’t want to deal with this. It was easy to get out of Barnes’ way most of the time, considering the two still weren’t on the best terms, but with Peter, it was a whole different story.Nevertheless, after five weeks of successfully ignoring Peter, Tony knew that he couldn’t avoid him any longer, so he jumped over his shadow and answered one of his plenty texts, telling him to come over on Saturday afternoon.With every day that passed, the more uneasy Tony felt, and on Saturday, he drowned two glasses of Bourbon until lunch, hoping it would calm him down a little bit. It was stupid, though… he just needed to act like he always did. But as soon as Peter walked into the lab, looking almost as anxious as Tony felt, he knew that he couldn’t.“H-hey Mr. Stark,” the boy said, smiling somewhat shyly.“Hey Underoos,” Tony replied, his voice sounding horribly dry. He eyed the small boy in front of him, taking in every freckle on his otherwise unblemished, pale skin, his delicate looking lips, his doe-colored eyes…Tony snapped out of it when Peter asked him in a shaky voice how he had been doing lately.“Hm? I uhm… I’ve been really busy, actually.”“With what?”Tony frowned. “With… wha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Statutory Rape
Underage Sex
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Dom/sub Undertones
Dark Tony Stark
Dubious Consent
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
First Time
Virgin Peter Parker
Homophobia
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Rough Sex
Possessive Tony Stark
Obsessive Behavior
Jealousy
Emotional Manipulation
Unrequited Love
Hurt Peter Parker
Sexual Repression
Denial of Feelings
Sexual Coercion
Mental Coercion
Unhealthy Relationships
Cheating
Domestic Avengers
Age Difference
Internalized Homophobia
Stalking
Heavy Angst
Abusive Relationships

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

