Work Text:
He wants to talk about it all the time. When the UPS delivery guy looks at his glistening fingers accepting the package, he wants to say, Yes, that's a cybernetic robot arm, yes, it's a weapon. While he's waiting at the VA for a checkup, he wants to tell the guys around him, Sorry, I'm here because I shot a lot of people just like you. When he's in his therapist's office, he wants to tell the receptionist, I'm here because I murdered people, a lot. Instead, he sits quietly until Dr. Rubin comes out into the lobby and says, "Mr. Barnes?""I'm not supposed to talk about it," Bucky says, toying with one of her fiddle-objects. She has half a dozen on the table next to the plush chair where he's sitting, sculptures with moving parts, mazes trapped under plastic with metal balls to shunt into the center from the rim. Ever since he came back, he's jittery, hyped up, moving all the time. He used to feel calm, always calm, so—this is better.Dr. Rubin nods. "Because of the clearance issue?""Yes." Then Bucky shakes his head. "No. People don't want to know. People—they don't need to know."There's a couple with a little girl in the apartment downstairs. She's a cutie, a regular Shirley Temple with her hair all in ringlets and deep dimples in her brown cheeks. They used to know their neighbors, back when it was just him and Steve, and there was a girl who looked like Becca down the hall. Bucky'd pick Sarah up, give her a little toss, put her giggling back on her feet when she shrieked. He's never even said hello to Shirley Temple. What would he say? I've killed kids younger than you. I've watched their parents burn. Shirley Temple doesn't need to know that shit. The world's terrible enough."That must be very hard, holding all that in," Dr. Rubin says gently.He shrugs. "I was an assassin for 70 years. It's not really the stealth that's an issue."Dr. Rubin cracks a smile. Tony Stark signs her paychecks; her security clearance has to be out the roof. Yet, here she is, sitting unarmed in a closet-sized midtown office with everybody's least favorite ex-international-criminal. It makes him feel a little better about not being out gunning for justice, too. "Did you want to kill anybody today, Mr. Barnes?"Bucky picks up one of the sculptures off the side table. It's a sphere of interlocking rings that spin and shift in his grip, tinkling faintly against each other and more loudly against the metal palm of his left hand. "I never wanted to kill anybody," he says, and it goes through him like a pike in one swift, nauseating thrust. "But, uh—that asshole who cut in front of me at Starbucks, maybe. A little."—Out of politeness, Bucky ignores his minders. For a while, he thought they weren't very good at their job, but it turns out they're supposed to be keeping an eye on Bucky, not keeping an eye on Bucky. "We have better ways of doing that," Stark explained when Bucky asked.They were having lunch outside at a fancy restaurant. No one had programmed Bucky with the knowledge he needed, like how to use all the forks, but he was able to surreptitiously search for the information on his phone under the table. "Isn't the government worried about the—me?" he said quietly.Stark shrugged. "The government's kind of busy rooting out their little termite infestation, so you're my problem now. God Bless America and the free market system." He blew a kiss dramatically towards the street like he was tossing a rose to an audience, even though it was just a sidewalk cluttered with oblivious weekend tourist traffic.Bucky spent the first five minutes of his subway ride home reading about the post-crash economy, and the next twenty trying to get reception and failing. Even in the future, they still couldn't get on top of the most basic shit.That day's minder sat across from him, reading a newspaper. It seemed like bad cover when Bucky got on at Lincoln Center, but as they trundled toward Chambers St, Bucky's respect steadily grew. He waited until they'd transferred to the 2 to lean across the aisle and say, "You mind if I take the business section?"The heavyset woman next to Bucky's minder glared at him, but the minder just nodded and handed it over. Bucky read about Facebook and Roth IRAs until his minder cleared his throat loudly and said, "Hey, man, this your stop?"So, Bucky's polite. He doesn't ditch the minders. He's training them, too—when the time comes that he has to slip the lead, they won't be prepared.—Bucky owns the clothes on his back and the gear in his pockets. Not the tech—that's all courtesy of Stark, who's no doubt using it to track him as well as making use of a convenient test dummy for assistive software—and not the furniture, which came with the apartment when he rented it, and probably not the wardrobe, which Steve picked out for him. He hasn't seen Steve in a while."You could call him," Stark said the last time they got lunch. "He'd stop harassing me."For Stark, that was tactful, so Bucky said, "Sure, I could," and lef
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Therapy
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Friendship
Recovery
Occupy Wall Street
Bucky is not amused
Steve is not the 99 percent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

