Chapter 1



Notes:
Annnnd we're back! A terrible cold and then a tooth extraction made this take a whole fucking lot longer than I wanted it to, but we made it here eventually! I really need this chapter to like...go away now, so it's a little shorter than usual.




Chapter Text

Jessica sighed. “Peter…”

 

Peter gave her his most pathetic stare and she huffed and looked up into the cloudy gray skies. Taking a deep breath, she said “Buddy…she has a collar on. We can’t keep her. Someone is probably missing her right now.”

 

His lower lip trembled, but Peter nodded bravely. 

Oh my god, this sucks. Don’t do this to me, kid

. “Okay,” he muttered, rubbing at his face. “We’re gonna make sure she gets home though, right?”

 

“Right,” she agreed firmly, glancing at the pitbull, who was leaning against Peter’s side with an expression of complete and perfect adoration, despite the unfocused stare of her eyes. 

Geez, neither of you are making this easy on me, are you? While we’re there, we’re gonna have a conversation with her owner about how dangerous it is for a disabled animal in this city.


 

She felt pretty confident that unlike Matt, the dog didn’t have super-senses. It was astonishing that she hasn’t been hit by a car. Then again, Jessica was guessing she hadn’t been loose that long. She looked relatively neat – a bit skinny, but not shockingly so.

 

“Hey girl,” she cooed, cautious despite Peter’s assertion that she didn’t bite. Gently and slowly reaching out, Jessica turned over the little bone-shaped green tag on her collar, blinking in surprise when she realized that the address given for the owner was only the next block over. She smirked. “Your friend’s name is Tinkerbell.”

 

Peter wrinkled his nose and Jessica laughed, the dog’s ears lifting at the sound. She was pretty cute – Jessica might actually consider getting him a pet. Maybe a cat, though. Pitbulls were big dogs and she wasn’t sure it was a good idea to let a seven year old handle one. “Peter and Tinkerbell!”

 

Tinkerbell didn’t seem to object to Jessica picking her up and carrying her – they didn’t have a leash to lead her on and she had no idea how well a blind dog could navigate a busy city street. Hell, she had no real idea of how well a blind 

human

 could navigate a city street – she had the feeling Matt was not a good metric to judge by.

 

The building was one of the nicer places in Hell’s Kitchen and a bored looking white teenage boy with blond dreads answered the door. “Yeah?”

 

“Hey, yeah, my son found your dog over in the schoolyard on the next street,” Jessica said, with as much politeness as she could muster. “Might wanna keep her leashed up – the city is dangerous for any dog, but a blind dog who doesn’t know where she is will be in even more danger. Luckily, she was too scared to get far.”

 

The teenager made no move to take Tinkerbell or let her inside. “Oh, yeah, that’s Tink. She didn’t run away.”

 

“Oh…kay?” said Jessica, becoming more and more puzzled.

 

“You can keep her,” the teenager said with a shrug and a little sneer. “My stupid sister bought her from this dude in Jersey. Little twit couldn’t tell she was blind until she brought her home. Kara should’ve remembered to take the damn tag off her before she let her go.”

 

And then the door slammed shut again.

 

Peter stared at the closed door in stunned silence. “I-I don’t understand…” he said in a tiny voice. “Jess…?”

 

Jessica heard a horrible loud roaring in her ears. They threw her away. They threw a helpless animal away because of something she couldn’t possibly be able to fix or control. A sudden vision appeared before her eyes of a little boy with dark hair and a small, white face, waiting for a mother that would never claim him. She could see this child with sharp, painful clarity – the benefit (or hazard) of examining dozens of his photographs. And the boy standing next to her only made it seem more real.

 

It gave her a terrible sick feeling in the pit of her stomach, and the thought of that child standing abandoned in his Catholic orphanage was what made Jessica march back down the street. “Come on,” she told her son, still watching her anxiously. “We have to go to the pet store – your dog is going to need a leash, a bowl, and a new tag.”

 

“And a new name,” Peter chirped, hopping a little to catch up with her. One hand latched onto the pocket of her jacket. “Right, Jess?”

 

“What, you don’t like ‘Tinkerbell’?” she teased.

 

Peter pouted, then said, rather diplomatically in her opinion, “It’s kind of a silly name, don’t you think?”

 

“It is,” she agreed. “So what are you going to call her instead?”

 

There was a thoughtful pause, then Peter said “Tessa!”

 

“Tessa?” Jessica repeated, bemused. “Alright.”

 

Having acquired a new name tag (complete with her new name), a bowl, a few toys, and a new leash, Jessica has the slightly terrifying experience of walking a blind dog through a crowded street.

 

Tessa was an anxio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jessica Jones & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Parent-Child Relationship
Coparenting
Superpowers
Peter Parker Has a Family
Matt and Jess fight crime
and also do crimes
Foggy Knows Best
Karen will Cut a Bitch
The Defenders really love this family
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a baby angel

fandom: 
Jessica Jones & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

