Chapter 1: Shattered
    




Chapter Text
Stephen couldn’t remember when he had started pacing. Levi had taken to trailing him down the long hospital hall, back and forth, crossing the same tiles over and over. He must have been at it for a while, because when he finally noticed he was doing it, the cloak was hovering over a line of chairs, expectantly if nothing else. Whipping his head around, Stephen checked to see if anyone had noticed his pacing. The motion set his head to pounding, blood loss and lack of sleep making him feel queasy. He sat down in an effort to focus on soothing his rolling stomach, letting Levi settle on his shoulders for the first time since they’d entered the hospital via one of his gateways. Only a few moments passed before Stephen tapped at the cloak covering his shoulder, signalling for them to get off of him.“It’s too hot”, he lied. The hall, and the entire hospital, he figured, had the air conditioning on full blast in a way that was unpleasantly cold, even in contrast to the muggy day outside. Stephen let a shiver race over him, to which Levi raised one side of their collar in disapproval, but the cloak obeyed reluctantly. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting in that chair, in this hall. He tried to recount the events since the battle, calculating how many days had passed since, but his thoughts were blurred and muddled by emotions in a way they’d never been. He even tried consulting a calendar in the reception area, but quickly realized he had no idea what day the Undusting had happened. The Undusting. It was easier to think of the day as just that, since any thoughts of the battle sent him into a fit of hyperventilation and his cracked ribs couldn’t stand much more of that.Despite the several battles he’d been in, Stephen was always shocked as to how shaken he was afterwards. This time was different, he supposed, what with being a battle for the entire earth and all. He recognized symptoms of shock within himself, like he could feel parts of his brain shutting down, but pushed through as more jarring thoughts fought for purchase on his mind.Glassy eyes.Jagged breath.Blood dripping down a face that was supposed to be smiling, it was like sunshine when it smiled, though he’d only ever seen it pinched and distraught. In person, that is.Stephen took a shaky breath as he leaned forward on his knees, fingers steepled in front of his mouth. One of the doors down the hall suddenly swung open and what looked like an assisting surgeon nodded as Stephen turned to look at him.“He survived the surgery”, the Wakandan told him happily, but trying to maintain a professional and realistic front. “It should be uphill from here if things go as they should.”“Thank you”, Stephen managed, remembering what was appropriate for humans to do in social situations, though it might have just been habit as his brain simultaneously spun and shut down. He wasn’t sure if the surgeon was compelled to tell anyone in the vicinity at the medical marvel they’d just accomplished, or maybe he thought Stephen was actually someone close to the patient, but he let it slide either way. His brain didn’t have the capacity at the moment to correct anyone on his relationship, or lack thereof, with Tony.

Tony.

Another wave of emotion hit Stephen as he thought the man’s name. He’d almost died, should have died based on the situation, but some foresight, okay a lot of foresight, on the sorcerer’s part had ensured the Wakandan hospital was ready to receive him. The man who’d taken the full, direct force of all six infinity stones. 

God. Why you?

Keeping him alive long enough to get him off the ground, through the gateway, and into the surgery theatre had been one of the hardest parts and the most nerve-wracking 77 seconds of Stephen’s life. Using his life force to keep Tony alive, maintaining three different spells, and walking while doing so drained half of his energy within that time, leaving the sorcerer staggering as he gasped for air.He’d quickly disengaged Tony’s suit, to Pepper’s anguished protest, removing the man from his would be nanotech coffin, and lifting him up in his arms with the aid of magic. He’d opened the gateway simultaneously, trying not to be distracted by how small and light Tony felt in his arms, how tiny, wheezing breaths were escaping him every few seconds. There had been a moment of eye contact between them and Stephen had felt his heart jolt as he laid him on the operation table, taking in the already glassy-looking brown eyes that should have been so full of light.Stephen’s heart started again as he rose from the chair in the hall, mind racing with a thousand possibilities. Don’t be too hopeful, he told himself. There could still be complications from the surgery, or the amputation site could become infected, or maybe the experimental serum used to help reverse the effects of the gamma radiation would be unsuccessful. But even as these thoughts ran through his head, Stephen’s chest pound
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Endgame AU
Non canon-complaint
Alternative Ending to Endgame
IronStrange
Supreme Family
Iron Family
supreme iron family
Stephen saves Tony by giving him his life force after the snap
Wong dealing with his idiot white boy
Wong is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Constipation
Pining
Gayest part of this fic is the gay (or should I say bi) pining
Tony survives endgame
Stephen Strange Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Stephen Strange is shy af
Doctor Dad
Iron Dad
spider son
Rhodes dealing with his idiot white boy
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Big Brother Peter Parker
Big Brother Harley Keener
Tony Stark has PTSD
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Pepperony but then Ironstrange
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts at first
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

