Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text




Paradise Lost (& Found) 


It seemed like a good idea at the time. Two weeks away in a tropical paradise to clear his head and soothe the ache in his chest. Two weeks of seclusion with an excuse not to answer calls from worried friends or angry relatives. Well, her angry relatives. But Steve had forgotten just how much of a romantic sap he’d been, and how many extras and upgrades he’d added to the trip. It started with the two pre-ordered glasses of champagne on the flight, and was compounded by the ‘Mr & Mrs Rogers’ sign held up by the chauffeur at arrivals. By the time Steve was ready to check-in at the luxury resort – into the honeymoon suite, no less – he was already fed up with the whole thing.
“And where is Mrs Rogers?” the reception clerk asked, trying to be helpful and polite, not realising he was pouring salt into Steve’s wounds. “Will she be joining you later?”
“Uh.” Steve cleared his throat and tried to school his face into a neutral expression. “No. She won’t. Change of plans.”
The clerk just smiled sweetly. “Will you still be wanting the couple’s massage tomorrow afternoon?”
“What? Oh, er. No thank you.”
“It’s non-refundable.”
Wasn’t everything?
“Then, yeah.” What the hell. He could probably do with a massage. He always carried his stress in his shoulders.
“What about the sunset cruise, and the –?“
“If it’s non-refundable, keep it. Cancel everything else.” Steve didn’t mean to sound so short, but the trip was playing on his frayed nerves. Why had he ever thought this would be a good idea?
“Okay, sir. Can I take a copy of your passport for our security? Then I’ll get you all checked in.”
The clerk disappeared with Steve’s passport and he was left, drumming his fingers on the counter top and wondering where everything in his life had gone so wrong.
The lobby was large and airy, all white washed walls, polished marble floors, and leafy green plants. A sunken bar led out onto a paved patio that looked right out onto the ocean. It was mid-afternoon and the sky was a deep blue. Palm trees wafted gently in a breeze that carried a salty tang and sent warm air sweeping round the room. The place smelt warm, not the sticky, sweaty smell of New York in the summer, or the nose-clogging humidity of DC, but something fresh and comforting, like stepping inside the orangeries of the country estate’s they’d visited in England once. These two weeks were just going to be a constant reminder of her, weren’t they?
Steve tried to push Peggy from his mind and let his attention wander, quickly latching onto a loud, rather fraught conversation at the other end of the reception desk. He didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but they weren’t exactly being subtle.
“What do you mean the room’s not available?” a tall brunette woman in a pretty sundress with sunglasses perched on top of her curly hair demanded; in a tone quite at odds with her flowery, casual appearance.
“I’m sorry. There appears to have been an error on the system. The reservation was not properly recorded.” Their receptionist apologised.
“But we booked this months ago!”
“It’s okay,” her brother tried to calm her down. They had to be siblings, they looked identical; same soft waves in their dark brown hair, same bright blue eyes, same slope to their nose, same dimple in their chin. Steve dropped his eyes to the floor quickly before he could be caught staring. “I’ll bunk with someone else.”
“Who?” The woman scoffed. “You’re sure as heck not bunking with us on our wedding night, and we’ve filled the other rooms to capacity already.” She let out a long suffering sigh and her shoulders slumped as her anger gave way to resigned disappointment. “First the bags go missing, now this. What else is going to go wrong? Coming here was supposed to make things easier.”
“I know, Becs.” Her brother gave her hand a squeeze. “There’s really no other rooms available?” He asked the receptionist.
“I’m sorry. We’re fully booked.”
“Then I’ll sleep by the pool.” He laughed. “It’s the tropics, won’t get cold.”
“Sir, we cannot condone that -”
“Yeah, well, then you shouldn’t have double booked my room,” he smirked. He said it so charmingly that Steve found himself smiling along, in spite of everything.
“Bucky, you can’t.”
“I know, I know. There must be another hotel on the island –“
“Here you are, sir.”
Steve was pulled from the conversation with a snap as he was handed back his passport.
“Is there…a problem with their room?” He couldn’t help but ask, gesturing to the conversation down the desk.
The clerk spared them a fleeting glance before returning to Steve with a cool smile. “Oh. Yes. Our system seems to have double booked a few rooms recently. Don’t worry, your booking has not been affected. None of the pre-paid ones were.” The clerk tried to assure Steve, missing his point entirely. “Here’s your room key. Room 701, top floor. Wifi code is inside. Breakfast is served daily from 7-10:30 in the dining hall, or you can arrange to have it delivered direc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
mentions of peggy carter / daniel sousa
mentions of Sam Wilson / Riley

freeform: 
Past Steve/Peggy
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
meet at a tropical resort au
Jilted
solo honeymoon
steve's still big and strong
I sort of explain why
Some angst
mainly fluff
bucky was a soldier
steve is rich
Slow Burn
Seriously very slow burn
beach drinking and conversations
Stargazing
Sharing a Bed
Mutual Pining
bucky has some war wounds
and some mild ptsd though he has mostly has a handle on it now
boat trips
sea caves
Dolphins
basically wish I was on holiday whilst writing this
Panic Attacks
crying and comfort
Becca's wedding
beach wedding
Eventual kissing
So much kissing
tags updated as i go
Skinny Dipping
Happy Ending
(eventually
I promise!)
Mildly explicit sex
Anal Sex
Switching
Outdoor Sex
Beach Sex
Beach Holidays
Day At The Beach
Beach Camping
Goodbyes
Love Confessions
Only One Bed
Soft Epilogue

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
mentions of peggy carter / daniel sousa
mentions of Sam Wilson / Riley

