Chapter 1: Twinkle Twinkle
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
They wiped him before the mission. They always did. “We have to keep you safe,” they said. “We know what's best for you,” they said. It didn’t feel safe when there were hundreds of volts of electricity coursing through his veins. It didn’t feel safe when every memory he’d ever had slipped out of his mind like sand out of a sieve, leaving only their shadows in the chaotic whirlwind that was his brain. Of course, safe was a relative term. He’d never felt truly safe, but he felt even less so when he was in the grips of that machine, with metal bands around his limbs and head and torso. Who was he? Well, he didn’t really know. His handlers called him Asset, or Spider, when he was on missions. He knew that some people had names; he’d heard them coming from his handlers’ mouths when they spoke to each other, he’d heard civilians say them. Names were a word that belonged to a person, and that one person alone. Asset didn’t have anything to call his own, not even the clothes on his malnourished back or the bed with the lumpy mattress in his cell.He supposed that he could call HYDRA his own. He’d been raised there, trained there, taught there, tortured there. Maybe he’d had a life before, a name, someone who loved him and held him when he was hurt. Was there even a before? If there was, Asset didn’t remember it. His past was blurry, but he saw flashes of it every now and again. A woman with brown hair and green eyes leaning over him. A man with cold eyes and an even colder heart teaching him how to read, write, shoot a gun, hide a body - that man had taught him the essentials, and even gave him a few books on science, which Asset had shown a particular aptitude for, when he did well in his lessons. His first kill. His first gunshot wound. The first time his powers had made an appearance - strength, senses, healing, agility, metabolism, stickiness (that one had been a surprise) and a sixth sense. The experimentation, days and days of needles, of cutting him open and sewing him back together, of testing his limits to see just how far he could go. The delighted grins of his handlers when they’d gotten the results back. Maybe he could call HYDRA his own, but he didn't want to. The men came for him while he was in his cell, recovering from the wipe (they’d refined it since the days of the Winter Soldier, that traitorous bastard they called Mr Barnes - Asset could retain his ability to think for himself and make the best decisions for the mission, unlike Barnes, who was just a command-following husk of a man. All the wipe did was clear his head and get rid of ‘distractions’, whatever that meant). They still needed the words, though, the words that lurked in the back of Asset’s mind, a constant source of worry. They were only nine words, but they sparked raw, visceral terror in his heart every time they were uttered.  ЗвездаКрасныйСинийНадеждаВосходТриОдинокийСоблюдатьШестнадцать Just nine words to wipe away everything that made Asset… Asset. Although admittedly, there wasn’t much there to begin with.The men’s bulky black uniforms stashed with weapons meant there was a mission, a mission that his particular set of skills was needed for. His suit was thrown at him and he caught it easily, pulling both it and the mask on without hesitation. It fit him like a second skin, and he didn’t need a mirror to know what he looked like. The material was thin, completely black, and fit his lithe form tightly, allowing him to be stealthy and agile. It wasn’t very protective, but given that he was trained to take some hits and dodge bullets, protection wasn’t necessary. The men escorted him out of his cell, four of them surrounding him like a prisoner. That’s what he was, really.  Wait, what? No!  Where did that thought even come from? That… that was treason, and he wasn’t a traitor, he was loyal to HYDRA. Right?  Yes . He wasn’t a prisoner, he was a trained assassin, and he did whatever HYDRA told him.He continued marching down the hall, slightly perturbed by the nature of his thoughts. He  was  loyal to HYDRA. They did good work, ridding the world of bad influences with the help of people like Asset. Asset was doing good work. So why did he feel so  guilty  ? Why did he feel so  alone  ? Why did he feel so  trapped ? No! Why was this happening? Where were these thoughts coming from? They were treasonous, and Asset may have been called a lot of things, but a traitor like the Winter Soldier was not one of them. He was loyal. HYDRA, and their mission to better the world for the greater good, was the only thing that mattered.They arrived at Lab Seven, which was specifically built for enhanced beings like himself. Without needing to be told, he stuck out his right arm, waiting for the sharp prick of a needle in the crook of his elbow. He’d done enough missions (forty-six, soon to be forty-seven, and he hadn’t failed a sing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hydra Peter Parker
Hydra (Marvel)
Homeless Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Badass Peter Parker
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Peter Parker has PTSD
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Tortured Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Renegotiated Sokovia Accords
Eventual Happy Ending
Parent Tony Stark
Eventual Tony Adopts Peter
Powerful Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Impresses The Avengers
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Saves Tony Stark
Tony Stark Saves Peter Parker
Brainwashed Peter Parker
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

