Chapter 1



Notes:
For L, because that comment about Darcy and no/dead soulmate made my brain run away with the idea, and then this story wrote itself. It hijacked by fingers and wrote itself.Scary. Shit.It starts out heavy and then loses traction and then I don't know what the hell happened. Again, it wrote itself.Unbeta'd. If you see mistakes, please say so and I'll fix it. I AM POSTING THIS NOW SO I CAN SLEEP BECAUSE I HAVE LITERALLY BEEN WRITING THIS FOR EIGHTEEN HOURS, BECAUSE WEEKEND OMG. AND DON'T EVEN ASK ABOUT THE TITLE, BECAUSE EIGHTEEN HOURS AND UGH, MY BRAIN.*Edit 1: So apparently, eighteen hours of writing produces a story so awkwardly full of trauma-triggering events. Please read the warnings before you read the story.*Edit 2: This chapter, specifically the Bucky-Darcy encounter, was rewritten as per the suggestion of Rainne, who also provided the replacement scenario. That's her part now, if she wants it =D (Yes, Rainne, it's yours now. Your version is much better than mine. I dunno how to express my thanks any more, so here, have an apple *winks*)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
They come together at the worst possible time. Steve is hurting from the double blow of his failure to convince Bucky to come back to America with him and the news of Peggy’s passing and Darcy hadn’t been dealing well with the aftermath of her HYDRA kidnapping and it was just the worst time for them to start a relationship.(And to be fair, the writing on his back and her unmarred skin literally promises that they will never have the romance of the century.)*It hurts sometimes. Steve is a big guy, with big hands that hold enough power to crush a man’s skull if he put his all into it. It’s only logical that those hands can leave bruises on her body.HYDRA had told her that no one was coming to save her and injected her with something and turned out the light and then left her there, and she had given into the lie before Thor and Iron Man could prove them wrong. She spent two full days in the dark room, unable to see or hear or smell or feel, and while she told her body to walk and crawl and sit and do something, she couldn’t tell whether she was doing it. She couldn’t even tell if she was still breathing, and at one point had wondered if she had to go to the bathroom, or was even still alive.It didn’t surprise her that on top of hunger and dehydration, she had also almost died from a head wound she didn’t even realize she’d gotten. Nor was it a surprise that it took Tony Stark and Bruce Banner another two days to come up with something that could get her back to normal. Or that she cycles through every possible way to remind herself she could feel, to make sure she could feel.Darcy doesn’t mind that that her pleasure sometimes comes with the cost of pain and bruises. She can’t, really, not when the first time had led to an almost full night of feeling human again, of feeling more than paranoia and helplessness, and Steve, he’s everywhere on her, doesn’t not touch her, meaning it doesn’t remind her of those four days of hell at all, so really, either way, pleasure or pain, it was the best of both worlds.The first time was undoubtedly a one night stand, as evidenced by the lack of manflesh when she woke up, and the second time nearly doesn’t happen at all when he sees the bruises. But Darcy, she knows possessiveness when she sees it, has seen it on the faces of her ex-boyfriends who’d sucked hickies onto her breasts, and it flashes on Steve’s face when he realizes the bruises are in the shape of his hands. So when he tells her he’s sorry and backs away towards the door, she darts in front of him and tells him she liked them and wants him to do it again, and then watches as he swallows and asks for her permission before sinking to his knees to mouth at every inch of every bruise while his fingers slip past her panties.(And really, honestly, truly, those fingers, ugh, God bless America.)*Steve isn’t a sadist. He doesn’t want to hurt her, and he does his damnedest to watch his strength when he’s got his body against hers. But he also doesn’t deny that he likes marking her, that he likes seeing the imprint of his mouth and hands on her thighs and hips and waist and breasts and neck. And when she tells him he has express permission to mark her wherever he wants, he has to check the impulse to dig his fingers into her hips a little harder than usual.He’s not a sadist, and his hands will not leave bruises on her body if he can help it.“You’re lucky I own turtlenecks,” she says at one point while he soothes the bite he’d left at the base of her throat. “And scarves.”“Bring them next time.”She shudders. “Oh god.”The scarves are a brilliant idea, and he makes sure to use them well. He’s aware of Darcy’s experience under HYDRA’s captivity and has noticed her aversion to dark settings, so he makes sure to have the lights set at their brightest when he folds the thinnest scarf o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
darcy has no soulmate
Porn With Plot
Rough Sex
Light BDSM
Dirty Talk
Orgasm Delay/Denial
blackout orgasms
powerplays while sexing
HOLY HOT PORN BATMAN
oops wrong comics
Kidnapping
Unethical Experimentation
Panic Attacks
Mildly Dubious Consent
some mentions of depression symptoms?
okay it's not SOME anymore
whoops

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

