Work Text:
Due to a host of complications including a computer malfunction, a surprise visit from his mother in the middle of the month, and a horrendous case of the flu, Erik missed his October deadline, which always put him in a foul mood for about two or three days until he revised his writing schedule to catch up on lost dates. Though it was his turn to host the weekly poker tournament, the rest of the floor wisely relocated down the hall to the apartment Hank shared with Alex and Sean, which was more spacious anyway and, according to Azazel, had better snacks.This was largely why Erik missed the fact that Raven’s brother was moving into the Hub this Friday rather than at some nebulous date in the far future. 3K had sat empty for almost a full year after the previous tenant had been evicted for defaulting on his rent too many times to forgive. Good riddance, Erik had thought at the time; the guy had had appalling taste in music and no concept of neighborly etiquette. He’d left his wet shoes outside his door anytime it rained and stunk up the hall. He’d been up at all odd hours of the night watching whatever soap opera was on TV past midnight. Erik had written some of his worst work of the entire year to the muffled sounds of horrible, wailing pop music played at 2 a.m. The silence that had settled in the wake of the man’s eviction had been more than welcome and possibly sanity-saving.When he’d heard that 3K was soon to be occupied, he’d actually considered—even if only for a handful of fanciful seconds—buying out the place himself to maintain the peace and quiet he’d become accustomed to over the last year. The new neighbor could conceivably be a nice guy who kept normal hours and enjoyed sensible music, but Erik had never been an optimist.Only afterwards had he discovered that the new resident was actually Raven’s brother, who was moving back to New York after spending the last few years in England. Raven’s brother, he supposed, was better than a stranger, but he was still resolved to reserve judgment until he met the man for himself. Raven hadn’t mentioned an actual move-in date, so he’d reasonably assumed that such a meeting would occur sometime in the distant future and put it out of his mind.It was something of a surprise, then, when the front door of 3K opened just as Erik stepped out of his apartment on Saturday morning to head out for his morning run. Erik was startled enough to freeze in place, iPod earphones dangling in his hand, and for a moment, he and 3K simply stared at each other.Raven hadn’t mentioned the wheelchair. Of all the things Erik had been expecting, that hadn’t been one of them.“Hello,” 3K said after a long pause. “You must be Erik.” When Erik blinked, the stranger smiled and explained, “Raven spent the ride from the airport briefing me on everyone who lived on the floor. I’m her brother, Charles Xavier. It’s very nice to meet you.”Erik stepped forward to shake his hand. “Yeah.” He could’ve sworn 3K had been empty when he’d gone to bed last night, but then again, he’d been out late at the NYPL digging up research material so he could’ve easily missed the moving trucks. Still, he thought he should’ve noticed. “When did you move in?”“Yesterday afternoon. I meant to go around and introduce myself to everyone but I got bogged down in unpacking. I thought I got rid of everything unessential before the move but apparently not.”When Erik stretched his powers out, he could feel out furniture in the previously-empty apartment: a narrow bedframe, a large TV, what felt like a low-sitting coffee table in the living room. He must have been truly preoccupied last night to miss all the new metal.“Actually,” Charles continued, “I’m glad I ran into you. I wonder if I could ask you a quick favor?”Erik hesitated for a moment, then shrugged. He wasn’t planning to start writing until 11 a.m. anyway. “Sure.”Charles grinned and wheeled backwards into his apartment. “Splendid. It shouldn’t take long, I think. Do you happen to have a screwdriver?”Tucking his iPod into the pocket of his jacket, Erik followed him. “No, but I can do without.”Charles cocked his head. “Do without?” His confusion dissolved into excitement before Erik could clarify. “Oh yes, your mutation! Raven told me a little about it.”“Is there anything Raven hasn’t told you?”“She didn’t tell me how awfully handsome you were,” Charles replied cheerily, spinning in a tight arc so he could wheel forwards down the rest of the hall.A little stunned at Charles’ utterly casual delivery of the compliment, Erik stared at his retreating back for a few flustered seconds. It gave him a very fine view of Charles’ broad shoulders and the well-defined muscles of his forearms as they maneuvered the wheelchair skillfully around the corner of the hall.Had Raven told Charles about Erik’s sexuality on top of everything else? He wished suddenly he’d asked Raven a little more about her brother when he’d had the chance.“It’s just this,” Charles said, stopping i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Raven | Mystique

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Canon Disabled Character
Fluff
Smitten Erik
Charles Is a Big Dorkface
Everyone is a Big Dorkface
First Meetings
Falling In Love
Slice of Life

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Raven | Mystique

