Work Text:
 Peter woke up coughing. He opened his eyes to a strange sky. He looked down at his hands and found them… fine. Solid.  
Why wouldn’t his hands be solid?
 
It all came rushing back. Thanos, Titan, Mr. Stark- 
 
Peter looked around, but Mr. Stark wasn’t there. Peter stood up, panicked. “Mr. Stark!” He shouted to no reply.  The weird guardian people were here, all looking confused themselves, and Dr. Strange. 
 
Dr. Strange was making his magic circle things. He didn’t explain much before he told Peter to jump through one - they had to help save the universe. 
 
--
 
Everything got really blurry after that. 
 
He fought. He fought as hard as he could, even when everything hurt and he was actually pretty scared. He got to hug Mr. Stark, which was nice, but then he lost track of him again. 
 
He met a glowing lady. 
 
He saw the end before half of the people fighting knew the end was coming. He saw the glowing woman fight, saw Mr. Stark take the stones. He tried to run, tried to get there in time before Mr. Stark raised his hand to snap his fingers - but he didn’t. 
 
Some old guy did though. 
 
Mr. Stark and this gray haired man held hands and snapped their fingers, ending the battle and saving them all. The bad guys turned to dust in the same way Peter remembered turning to dust. 
 
Peter kept running. Mr. Stark and the man fell to their knees, both of them obviously hurt. Peter saw Ms. Potts and Colonel Rhodes doing the same thing as him - trying to get to Mr. Stark as soon as possible. 
 
None of them were the first to make it. The glowing woman flew in and grabbed them both, flying them off the battlefield as quickly as she had arrived. Ms. Potts was up and flying after her a second later. Peter and Colonel Rhodes stopped running, both of them watching Ms. Potts fly away. Both of them panting. 
 
The Falcon flew over head, following after them. Peter watched as everyone else started to check in on each other, started to help the wounded. 
 
A hand landed on his shoulder, “you okay, kid?” 
 
Peter blinked up at Colonel Rhodes. “What?” 
 
“Are you alright? You hurt?” 
 
Peter shook his head, he was fine. Compared to Mr. Stark, he was great. Colonel Rhodes patted his back. “Want me to take you home?” 
 
Peter looked around. He didn’t know what had been here before, but this would be one hell of a clean up job. Everything had been destroyed. 
 
“Don’t worry about this, come on. Tony would be pissed if I didn’t make sure you were okay before I checked in on him.” Colonel Rhodes hooked his arms around Peter, and they were off. Peter watched everything fly past underneath them. 
 
They weren’t that far from New York. Colonel Rhodes, somehow, knew where his apartment was. Peter didn’t have his keys though, and May didn’t answer the buzzer. 
 
“I could climb in the window.” 
 
Colonel Rhodes shook his head, “probably a bad idea, I’m not actually sure she lives here anymore. Here let me… I’ll make a few calls.” 
 
His face plant closed, and Peter couldn’t hear who he was calling. He didn’t seem to notice the look of confusion on Peter’s face. 
 
Where else would May live? 
 
Colonel Rhodes didn’t lift up his face plant again, and Peter leaned against the side of the building. Exhausted and confused. He wanted to see May. He wanted to make sure Mr. Stark was okay. 
 
He just wanted to go home. 
 
--
 
Peter was sitting against the wall, he didn’t know how long they’d been here. Colonel Rhodes hadn’t lifted his faceplate again, so Peter didn’t have an update on his aunt or Mr. Stark. He hoped Mr. Stark was okay, he hadn’t looked that great when he’d been flown off by the glowing lady. Peter’s suit was full of holes from fighting, and his mask barely covered his face. He hoped no one noticed them here, because his identity was practically out in the open. 
 
That, and he was cold. 
 
A cab drove up to the curb and Peter finally stood up again. May climbed out of the cab, and all those worries melted away as soon as Peter fell into her arms. 
 
“Oh baby,” May whispered into his ear, “my baby.” 
 
Peter held her back just as tight, his face in the curve of her neck. He heard Colonel Rhodes say something he didn’t catch, and then take off. Peter probably should have thanked him for waiting with him. 
 
May gently pulled away first, her hands cupped Peter’s face. She looked older, tired. She had gray hair at her temples where her hair was pulled back in a ponytail. May pulled him into a cab before he could fully process any of this. 
 
“Where are we going?” Peter asked, turning to watch as the cab drove away from their home for the last 7 years. 
 
May squeezed his hand, and he turned back to see her giving him a teary smile. 
 
“A lot can happen in 5 years, baby.” 
 
-- 
 
Tony woke up to the sound of beeping. The smell of disinfectant. The feeling of course sheets. 
 
Pepper would never allow such low-quality sheets in their bed. So hospital it was. 
 
Tony peeled his eyes opened and yep, there was the white ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Endgame
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Non-Consensual Touching
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Sexual Assault
Mental Health Issues
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
May is out of character
Sorry May
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Angst and Feels
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Pepper Potts
Child Abuse

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

