Work Text:
Peter thinks, privately, that Tuesdays really just suck.Sure, the universal fact that Tuesdays suck might, possibly, be due to the fact that he’s been drugged, kidnapped and tied to a chair in the most cliché warehouse ever. However, his awful day started out several hours before with an alarm clock that didn’t go off on time, a coffee stain on his brand-new shirt and an English lit test during first period. Not that he even made it to first period, because apparently his kidnappers took the early morning shift instead of the late night one.Honestly though? If he has to choose between being kidnapped and taking that English Lit test, he isn’t quite sure that he’d pick the test.Being kidnaped isn’t so bad, either. With the drugs almost out of his system, he gets to sit in a chair and watch as his four kidnappers bumble around their secret warehouse. There’s two women and two men—perfectly even for diversity purposes, Peter assumes—dressed in black ski masks, black pants and black shirts. They shift around in the relative darkness of the warehouse since the only light is through the sky-high windows near the ceiling of the building. Every once in a while, Peter will hear a curse or a panicked whisper from one kidnapper as they try to desperately set up…whatever they’re setting up.It’s basically free entertainment.Distantly, he’s aware that he should probably be a little more suspicious of why they kidnapped him of all people, but logic works its way through his brain and he knows that there are a multitude of reasons why someone would go after him. It’s obviously not a Spider-Man reason—he can tell that just by the rope, instead of vibranium, around his wrists. That typically leaves the whole Tony Stark intern reason which isn’t common knowledge, exactly, but definitely not hidden if someone wants to do a little digging. Peter has to put something on his college resumé, after all.His kidnappers are all more than a little frustrated if the muffled curse words and low bickering are anything to go by. They don’t seem to take notice of him, either, which is really just bad etiquette at this point. They’re messing with something tech based (A camera? Or perhaps a phone?) at their lone desk a couple feet away from where Peter sits, alone, in the middle of absolutely nothing but dust bunnies and old wrappers.Obviously interior design is not a concern when it comes to warehouse decorations.“I thought you said this would work,” one of them hisses, loud enough that his voice bounces off the walls.“You should probably film a kidnapping video if you want to seem professional,” Peter offers, helpfully, but Peter’s never kidnapped someone so he can’t really be considered the expert here.All four of them snap their heads in his direction. The woman on the left—tall, broad, and in high heels of all things—has her mouth open in shock. The man holding the tech (which is a phone) is rather short, sandy blonde hair and the obvious black ski mask that comes up to his nose. There’s the other two—one short haired woman and the other tall, buff guy with a bat. They vary in their levels of surprise but it seems than none of them accounted for Peter’s super metabolism getting rid of drugs fast than it should.“Hey,” Peter says.“What the fuck—” High-heels woman starts, then turns and snaps, “Why is the kid awake? Josie! I thought I said give him enough to take him out for another couple hours!”“I did!” Josie hollers right back.“That’s really unfortunate,” Peter tells her, just because he can. Also because if they had to ruin his day then he might as well have some fun before he completely demolishes theirs.High-heels doesn’t seem to like that very much and marches right up to grab his face. She leans in really close—too close, actually, because Peter knows she has not brushed her teeth recently by the way they smell—and forces him to look upward. Peter hopes she sees how apathetic he feels right now.“So this is Tony Stark’s intern,” she muses, eyebrow raised like she isn’t impressed. Tough crowd. She lets go of his face. Peter stretches his jaws where her nails dug in. “Whatever. You are going to sit here, shut up, and look pretty until we get everything ready.”“Sure,” Peter agrees easily because he’s fantastic at sitting and looking pretty. Like, truthfully, talented.  His tone surprises her enough that she pauses before shaking her head and yelling, “Derek! Is the phone ready yet?”Derek, the short guy with the phone, yells back, “Almost!”“Well hurry the fuck up!”“Shouldn’t you have this pre-prepared before the kidnapping victim gets here?” Peter asks because he’s never really been good at the whole shut up part. High-heels turns to glare at him. She grabs his face again and shakes it around. Peter has to stop himself before he bites her fingers.  “I told you to shut up,” she hisses, “Derek!”“It’s ready!”High-heels gives him a particularly vindictive smile as she snakes around his chair and yanks the back of it so she’s dragg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BAMF Peter
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Team as Family
(Almost)
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence
Kidnapping
Attempted Kidnapping
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
theres like no angst in here
Humor Only Train
honestly this is peter clowning around
with the people that tried to kidnap him
for 5k words idk what to tell yall

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

