Chapter 1: Time after Time
    




Chapter Text
The smell of coconuts and vanilla filled Sebastian’s senses and had somehow awaken him. He was almost sure he was dreaming but he knew his olfactory senses wouldn’t be so keen in a dream.He scrunched up his brows, still not able to open his eyes as his head started to pound heavily from the hangover that overcame him. It seemed to have sensed he was awake and it was now attacking him relentlessly.Before he could let out a painful groan, Sebastian felt a soft hand soothing the lines that had formed in his forehead. He relaxed before he realized that he was unaware whose hand was on his face. Did he get home last night? He was very sure he did. Quite sure. Okay, maybe not totally sure.His eyes snapped open, your face coming into view as his blurry vision cleared and relief washed over him. The smell made sense now as well.“Hey stranger.” You spoke softly as he found you laying down on your side, beside himSebastian’s face broke into a lazy beaming smile, before taking your hand that was cupping his face and kissed the back of it gently.“Hi."

His happiness was double-fold. One was that he did not end up taking home some nameless girl and another was seeing you, his bestfriend, as a welcomed surprise. He immediately shifted his body close to yours, burying his head in between your neck.“You look like shit.” You commented, not sparing his feelings this morning“I feel like shit.” He mumbled against your skinYou chuckled as you rubbed his head soothingly, “That’s what you get for drinking the entire bar.”Pushing him back and tapping his chest lightly, you sat up and leant back on the headboard. You reached out for the filled glass and aspirin on the bedside table before cradling Sebastian’s head in your hand, putting the pill between his lips. You made him drink the glass of what he initially thought was water.“Ugh. What is that?”You smirked, “Pocari sweat.”“I just drank sweat?”“It’s a fucking electrolyte drink. Like gatorade. Just drink. It’ll taste better.”Sebastian drank a bit more and agreed you were right. It tasted better, not great but tolerable, like a watered down lemonade.He cleared his throat and turned his head to you once more. He realized that you were fully dressed in your what could be called your usual airport get up, loose white and yellow halter midi dress and leather jacket on. His eyes popped open before groaning out loud as he rubbed his face.  “Did you just fly in?”“Yup.” The ‘p’ popping from your lips“Why didn’t you call me? I would have met you at the airport.”“I’ve been calling you since I landed dipshit. Wanted it to be a surprise but gave up an hour after you weren’t picking up. Took a cab and called Ma, she gave me her spare key.”Sebastian smirked softly at hearing you call his mom, Ma. He never had any siblings and neither did you so it always warmed his heart to share his mom with you, even if he was in the middle of dying from a hangover.“I’m so sorry I didn’t pick you up. I’m a mess.” He turned to you once again, overcame with guiltOn any other day, you would have been pissed at him and would have given him a piece of your mind. But today, you knew he needed you and when he said he was a mess, he wasn’t kidding so instead you chuckled, “I know. Why do you think I’m here?”He gave you a soft, grateful smile.You decided it was time to get on with the day and get Sebastian on his feet, “Come on, get up. Shower while I make you breakfast.” Sebastian walked out of his room feeling more refreshed after the hot shower he took. The smell of food welcomed him when he entered the kitchen and saw you’ve removed your jacket as you busied yourself with cooking. He took a seat in one of the high chairs by the kitchen island as he watched you placed a plate of savory crepe filled eggs, ham and cheese and side of hash brown in front of him. He snickered lightly, only you can make a crepe in 30 minutes.“Eat up.” You commanded, it was tone that did not have any room for objections and frankly, Sebastian wasn’t going to. His stomach grumbled as soon as the food was in his reachWith a mouthful, Sebastian moaned while chewing, “Shoo fwuckwing mgood.”He was halfway finished with his plate before you even got started on your own.You raised an eyebrow and shook you head lightly at his glutinous state as you started to eat, “I’ve left you another crepe in the pan.”Sebastian stood up to get the other filled crepe already, before kissing your temple, “Thank you. Lifesaver.”You rolled your eyes and replied sarcastically, “I live to serve.”He smiled realizing how much he missed your sarcasm.After watching Sebastian down the fresh orange juice and burping from the breakfast he insisted he so adamantly enjoyed, you moved your crossed arms forward, resting it on the kitchen island.“Ready to talk?”

He grunted in disinterest. He knew this was coming. Your surprise visits were usually so ‘timely’. There was no use hiding it from you.“What’s to say that you already don
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sebastian Stan/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sebastian Stan

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Light Angst
Humor
Childhood Friends
Friends to Lovers
Pining
oh so much pining
Dirty Talk
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
90s Playlist
nsfw gifs
Slow Burn
NSFW
Wall Sex
Rough Sex
Kissing
Cuddling
too much cuddling
cursing
gifs
Sebastian gifs

fandom: 
Sebastian Stan/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sebastian Stan

