Work Text:
People come from all over town to see the main attraction at Tony Stark’s joint, The Marvel. Technically, its proper name is a “male entertainment facility”, and even more to the point than that, it’s known as the best male strip club in all of New York, but Mr. Stark has always seen his establishment as more of a jack of all trades than just a place to see some strippers. You want a lap dance? You can pay for that. You want some professional bartending with top quality liquor at affordable prices? You can pay for that. You want to play some pool, or air hockey, or darts? Or maybe go to the second floor, where there’s a separate dance floor for your own club-going experience? You can have all that, too. During the day on weekends, they even offer group and solo pole dancing lessons from their very best in that area, Sam Wilson. At The Marvel, there’s very little you can’t do, and a whole lot of fun to be had.People come from out of state to see the main attraction at Tony Stark’s joint – and there’s a very good reason for that. Because while every dancer has their own flair and is good at what they do, there are also elements they all have that are very much the same. The men are all waxed smooth and “pornstar” sexy; strutting out onto the stage and wowing the crowd with impressive pole routines and over-the-top dance moves to the quick tempo beats of what could be called every club’s Top 40. They’re all entertaining to watch, and you’ll never get bored – but admittedly, by the fifth or sixth performer, you can anticipate the drill.But no one ever does get bored – because they always know what they have to look forward to at the end of the night.Stark always leaves him until the end of the rotation. It builds up the most anticipation and by the time his biggest asset takes the stage, the whole house is packed with men and women alike, fighting to get a good view because they’ve all heard the stories. The Marvel is not some sort of members-exclusive Gentleman’s Club, or some swanky joint that’s too expensive to afford. It lives up to its high standards and reviews, thanks to the overall experience of all those there to provide pleasure and entertainment. Whether that’s Lucas (call him Loki, or you’ll get snark all night), Mr. Stark’s catlike British husband, serving your drinks – or “Hawkeye Hot Guy” Clint Barton pumping out the beats and DJing the evening for you; there’s even a lot to be said about the place’s smallest but deadliest bouncer, Natasha. And Mr. Stark roams the joint every night too, making small talk with the crowd and even taking shots with them. If you go to The Marvel and don’t have one of the best nights of your life, it’s company policy that you get either a free lap dance on the house (with a dancer of your choice) or free admission for four consecutive Saturdays (their most profitable night of the week).Sometimes, people will try to lie about having a bad time just so they can try and get their hands on that free lap dance – because everyone there has their eye on the main attraction.  They call him The Winter Soldier. Not one person in that joint who doesn’t work there could tell you his real name; all everyone knows is that he’s been with The Marvel family for two years and is the only dancer not to get as touchy-feely with the clients after his set. Yeah, he strolls around and makes conversation, and he can flirt as effortlessly as he can dance, but there’s something also guarded about him. It’s in his eyes - as if he’ll offer the people exactly what they want, but he’ll never let them see 100% of who he is, not ever.For all intents and purposes, it’s hard to pinpoint why exactly The Winter Soldier’s routine is considered so hypnotic and enticing. Perhaps it’s because, with him, there’s no flashy lights, or glittery costumes, or over the top dance routines. He breaks the status quo, with something gritty, down-and-dirty, about his performances. Every night, it never fails.At the end of every rotation, the grand finale is The Winter Soldier. The lights cut out so the joint is filled with nothing but darkness, and then the first chords of an acoustic guitar fill the room. No matter how many times The Winter Soldier changes his other two songs in his set list – they all perform three – his opener always remains the same. Whereas all the others pick popular dubstep songs, or club music, or something with a fast beat that gets your heart pumping while you yourself could dance to it, The Winter Soldier’s music forces you to take a screeching halt. Everything he dances to is purely instrumental; he prefers slower beats, heavy on the guitars, always with something a little different about the sound.No one knows how he finds the stage in pure blackness, especially without bumping into anyone, but every time the first light comes on – a single red light that flashes from above and illuminates the stage – he’s standing dead center, head down and shoulder-length brown hair hanging in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Stripper/Exotic Dancer
Strippers & Strip Clubs
Lapdance
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Porn With Plot
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Mentions of certain characters but we don't actually see them
Natasha being a badass bouncer
Strip Tease
Prompt Fic
30 Day OTP Challenge
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Feels
Eventual Smut
Eventual Happy Ending
But some smut and fluff throughout too
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Warning: NSFW GIF at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

