Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


 March 17, 2017 

 Honestly, Peter had no clue why people didn’t take time off of social media more often. He hadn’t been on Twitter or Instagram (at least, not as himself, but Spidey’s social media presence was only a positive thing) for the past two weeks and it had been absolutely great. Without the weight of Twitter finally off his shoulders, and with his time being taken up by school and homework once more, he felt better.The media had  finally stopped stalking him. He wasn’t followed everywhere by reporters or stalked by journalists anymore.Nonetheless, Mr. Stark had pulled him aside the night before he went back to school. He’d held out a small box, undecorated, unwrapped or anything. “A little gadget I came up with for you, kid.”It had turned out to be a very advanced watch.  So this is what Ms. Potts had meant by the gadget Mr. Stark was making for him.  Smarter than a SmartWatch (but of course it was, it was Stark made). “What’s this for, Mr. Stark? I’ve only caused grief for the past month,” Peter’d said, only half-joking. Mr. Stark had looked uncomfortable as he shoved his hands in his pockets. “Well, first of all, you didn’t. That was entirely my fault, if I hadn’t been careless on social media this whole thing wouldn’t have happened and you wouldn’t be dating yourself—”“You’re avoiding the question, Mr. Stark.”Mr. Stark had given him what seemed to be an attempt at a scalding glare, but looked more like a wince mixed with a raised eyebrow. “Okay, fine, you want it straight, I’ll give it to you straight. Your aunt was really worried about people trying to—”“Kidnap me?” Peter felt like someone had poked the happy balloon in his chest with a sewing needle.Tony had blown out a sigh. “Yeah.” He paused. “So I came up with this. It’s simple, functional, and also has a tracker in it. Because, with all the media attention — and that’s my fault, okay? — now you’re in danger out of the suit too.”Peter had looked down at the watch, and fixedly stared at it for a while as he debated what to say. “Thank you, Mr. Stark,” he’d eventually said, half-heartedly.“You’re upset.” Mr. Stark hadn’t missed the hesitation, the slump in his shoulders that he’d tried to hide. “What’s wrong, kid?”“Like, I get it and all, the worry of what could happen. But I also have, like, super-powers, Mr. Stark. I’m not totally helpless.”Mr. Stark had then unhesitatingly wrapped an arm around his shoulder. “Hey. This is just a precaution. I’m not gonna stalk you 24/7, Pete. And I know you’re not totally helpless. You’re actually very capable. I just don’t want to get murdered by your aunt, okay?”That had brightened Peter’s mood a bit. “Okay. Thank you, again.”“No problem, kid.”All in all, though, Peter had grown to love the watch. He’d always wanted one, but all the high-tech watches (and even the simpler ones) had always been too expensive. And he didn’t resent it, not really. He knew Aunt May and Mr. Stark really only wanted him to be safe, understandably so with all of the media scandal. But —  but — he wasn’t getting stalked anymore.Which meant that for the first time in several weeks, Peter had been allowed to go back to Aunt May’s apartment. And though his time at Stark Tower had been fun, and he enjoyed it… there was a sense of home to the apartment in Queens that Peter didn’t think he’d ever lose. But the  best part — even with its downsides — was going back to school. He’d really missed it. (“You’re crazy to miss this place, man. Everyone here has only talked about you for the last two weeks,” Ned had said when Peter brought up how much he wanted to go back to Midtown.)Thankfully, no one still thought he was Mr. Stark’s illegitimate son. All of them (unsurprisingly given MJ’s massive letter to Buzzfeed, which had by now made its way all the way into every nook and cranny of the Internet) had latched onto #spideyparker. And with his social media post about wanting privacy with his and Spider-Man’s relationship, most people let him be. Not that he wasn’t suddenly the most popular person at Midtown School of Science and Technology. But that wasn’t surprising. Even Flash grudgingly agreed there was  no way that his and Spidey’s relationship could be fake. (There had been a  lot of questions about that incredibly PhotoShopped picture on his first day back, though.)(And a few snide comments about him being gay. He ignored them.)Peter, once he’d gotten used to the new attention and the fact that it probably wouldn’t ever go away, took up MJ’s advice and decided to fuck around with people. It was actually really enjoyable.Today was St. Patrick’s Day, and it was also Friday, so Peter was feeling lucky. It hadn’t happened in a while. At lunch, MJ’s glare kept any unwanted visitors away as per usual. Until halfway through, when a girl Peter vaguely recognized as Vanessa from his chemistry class thought the risk was worth taking and walke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Spider-Man (fake)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Shuri
Michelle Jones & Shuri

freeform: 
Instagram
Peter's fake dating himself
Peter Parker/Spider-Man - Freeform
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Secret Identity
Irondad
spiderson
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Bisexual Peter Parker
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones is a Little Shit
Canon Compliant
Sort Of
Not really though
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Angst
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker-centric
Precious Peter Parker
MJ Knows about Spider-Man
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Rogue Avengers
United Nations
Twitter
not actually a twitter fic
Sokovia Accords
Fix-It of Sorts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Not actually though
Lots of Harley Keener
because we all love our yeehaw boy
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Character

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Spider-Man (fake)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Shuri
Michelle Jones & Shuri

