Chapter 1: Stranger
    




Chapter Text
After finishing over time at work, it was late, around 10:30 P.M..You were so glad it was finally over. It was rough, but you really needed that extra money. You jumped in your car and turned on the radio so you wouldn't fall asleep at wheel. Your favorite song was on making a small smile come to your face. Finally, you get home. You rubbed your eyes and quickly turned off the car. Its darker than usual. You wince and look behind you. One of the light poles are out across the street. You sigh and hurriedly get out of the car and speed walk to the front door. You use your cellphone for light to find the right key. It almost feels like your trying to defuse a bomb within those few seconds before finding the right key. You can't stand the dark sometimes. You hurry up and get inside, locking the door quickly. Its almost as dark as was outside. Wasting no time to turn on the light, you drop your bag and flip the switch next to the door on the wall. "That's better..." You mumble, leaving your bag by the door. You put your cellphone on the counter and go to the kitchen for a drink of water. After that, you turn off the light and go upstairs to take a shower and go to sleep. You enter your bedroom and again flip a switch to get some light. Your bed is a mess, but other than that everything is pretty neat. For once. You take off your clothes. When you start to undo your bra you hear a small, strange noise. Like something hit the wall. It spooks you and you look towards your bedroom closet. You hear a scraping sound on your window and realize it was the tree outside. It keeps making that sound, its windy. Its probably going to rain soon. You totally forget about the closet. Your bra drops to the floor. You momentarily embrace the relief of the freedom of your chest and do a silly little jiggle. You shimmy out of your panties and walk to your bathroom to take a shower. You don't realize how grimy you feel until the water touches your skin. It feels like the best shower you have ever took. You feel like staying in there forever, but you don't need a higher water bill right now. You get out and dry off and then brush your teeth. Feeling way to lazy to bother, you don't bother to put on anything and dive into your mattress. You forget about the light and fall asleep within minutes. Your closet door opens without a sound. A tall, dark looming figure comes out. Stealthy, like they are the embodiment of a shadow. Piercing, blue eyes analyze your sleeping body. A red leather gloved hand reaches out to your ankle, hesitantly before being brought back. They slowly stalk around the bed, looking down to inspect your face. Behind the mask they wear, their mouth twitches, ever so slightly in anticipation. They go back towards the foot of bed and reach out again, slowly. A finger traces up your bottom of your foot to your ankle.The hand goes a little further and glides sensually up. They move around to the side of the bed to make it easier to continue without waking you up. Their hand goes up to your thigh and stays there. They take a deep breath as they gently squeeze your flesh. You move in your sleep, snuggling into the sheets. They remove their hand, eyes gazing at the back of your head for a moment as you stop moving again. They remove their red glove and put it on the nightstand that's close by. They rest a warm hand on your back and glide it up to the back of your neck. Fingers barely touch the strands of your hair. You stir in your sleep and wake up. As drowsy as you are, you realize someone is touching you. Your body stills when you feel the hand on back of your neck. You shriek and roll off the bed. You are thankful for the carpet you usually claim to hate when you hit the floor face first. As you try to move, you hit your head on the night stand in your haste. "Fuck!" You hiss and turn your head to look up. You hold the side of your head as it throbs with almost dull pain. You soon realize how totally exposed you are to who ever this is. You close your legs and back up against the night stand, focusing on them. Its a guy. A menacing looking one. Hes tall, and blonde with a black mask that covers most of his face. Broad shoulders, and a fitting black matte armored suit with a red star on his chest. And his body was an impressive sight. It would have been enjoyable if not for the circumstances. You hardly catch his eyes flicker from your crotch to your face. "Please don't hurt me!" Your is heart trying its best to beat out of your chest when he starts to come closer.  "What do you want..!?" You ask in a small voice, scared as hell. The blonde man remains quiet as you try to make yourself smaller. Stoic blue eyes stare down at you and you stare back, trembling. In a flash he has a knife in his hand. Before you can make another sound, he uses his other hand and brings a finger to where his mouth is behind the mask. You nod in understanding. He wants you compliant or bad things will ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Some Plot
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Fingerfucking
I'm Sorry
It was kinda hard writing him like this
Inspired by Tumblr
Choking
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
but he is still awkward
Fuck Or Die
Face-Fucking
Throat Fucking
so so very shameless
Breast Fucking
Snowballing
Borderline Personality Disorder
Rimming
Gunplay
Anal Sex
Steve Rogers is honorary nasty
Threesome - F/M/M

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

