Chapter 1: Just Keep Waiting (I'll Come Home)
    


Summary:

01. Where Steve is out on a mission, and Natasha and little James are waiting for him to come home."It was important that they let James understand that they will always, always come home, even if it just adds more pressure to them to do well and get out of missions alive, however scathed, but alive back to their little family."





Chapter Text
Natasha is sitting on the couch, working on her laptop that is rested on her lap, with a nine-month-old James playing with his wooden blocks on the mat in front of her. She would look up from her laptop frequently, just to watch James and chase after him should he crawl away from the mat, or should he call his mother’s attention to show her something he had built using his blocks, which is usually just a tower of three blocks in many different orientations, but  whatever , her heart would still flutter at every achievement her son would proudly show her.“Mama.” James calls, and Natasha looks away from her laptop and smiles when she sees James stretching out his small arms at her. She unfolds and rolls down the sleeves of her sweater, placing her laptop on the coffee table beside her and grins as she stands and walks over to pick her baby boy up, kissing his cheek and inhaling the scent of milk and vanilla from her son’s red hair that almost mirrors her own. It is still neatly combed and still slightly damp from his bath just before he started playing."Tired of playing, малыш?”  Tired of playing, baby boy ? she asks, and James babbles, resting his head on her shoulder and wrapping his arms around Natasha’s neck. She chuckles softly and walks over back to the couch. She grabs two pillows and piles them up, resting it on the arm of the couch as she rests her back on it, shifting James so he is standing on her lap. James looks at his mother and smiles, his blue eyes sparkling, and Natasha can’t help but grin at how much her son reminds her of Steve.“Mama, Dada?” James asks. Natasha pulls her son close and peppers his face with kisses, eliciting a laugh from the baby, as warmth spreads over Natasha’s chest at the most beautiful sound she has ever heard.“Daddy is on a mission, little one,” she replies softly. “But he will be home soon, maybe tonight.”James tilts his head, and Natasha chuckles. “Dada will come home, sweetie, don’t worry.” she says, smiling, and James bounces, clapping his hands, a sign that he understood that he will see his Dada anytime soon.Come home , it’s one of the phrases James understands, as it is being said repeatedly at him by both his mother and father whenever Steve would be out for a mission with T’challa and Bucky. It’s funny and ironic, how, even while on the run from the rest of the world, both of them would still be out doing rogue missions. But ever since James was born, Natasha had stopped participating in missions, and T’challa would call Steve in only for big missions that would require more manpower than his team can offer. Natasha is called only when absolutely necessary, and even then, it was in the condition that at least one of them should stay home with their son.While the two of them hoped to never once again go back on the battlefield, they knew it would be impossible. The Avengers may have disbanded, but that didn’t mean their urge to fight and answer the call to missions would disappear as well. Besides, the least thing they can do as thanks to T’challa for letting them stay since they got married and had James was to aid him in missions. Which is why it was important that they let James understand that they will always,  always  come home, even if it just adds more pressure to them to do well and get out of missions alive, however scathed, but alive back to their little family.“Nemo.” James says, grinning widely at his mother. Natasha laughs, Finding Nemo has been one of James’ all-time favorite movies. They have watched it thousands of times, but somehow, it always seems to be James’ default suggestion every time he would want to cuddle with his Mama or Dada.“Again, little one?” Natasha asks, a grin on her face, and James nods enthusiastically. “But it’s almost bedtime.”“Nemo.” James says, softly this time, as his eyes widen and he sticks out his lower lip, a technique he uses if he wants something from his parents, which aren’t much—only more cuddling time way past his bedtime. Natasha would always tease Steve for always giving in to that look, but he would point out that she’s not that different. And who was she kidding? Who could resist such a cute face from a baby boy who is just asking to be cuddled by his parents before being transferred to his own crib?“Okay, okay, but you have to promise Mommy that you will sleep after, alright?” she asks, and James coos in response, a big grin on his face. She chuckles and shifts in the couch so they are facing the huge television screen T’challa has provided them so kindly in their private unit. She sits James down on 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Captain America/Black Widow
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Domestic Fluff
Romance
Family Fluff
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Marvel Cinematic Universe Fusion
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Light Angst
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
SHIELD Family
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Dad Steve Rogers
Mom Natasha Romanov
romanogers fluffathon
romanogers - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Captain America/Black Widow
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team

