Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“This is your second sandwich today, Parker,” Mr. Delmar says. Peter swallows the last bites of his turkey club sandwich. He showed up to work with a grumbling stomach and insatiable appetite. Delmar usually lets him make a couple sandwiches without charge, saying that he is a “growing chico.”  Peter knows it probably has to do with the bags under his eyes and his whipcord-thin frame.  Peter’s face reddens. “Sorry, sir,” he says. “I-I overslept this morning and didn’t really have time to eat.” The lie rolls off his tongue easily. Too easily. Delmar reaches to the counter and hands him another turkey club. “Don’t apologize, Parker. I want you to eat a third one. You’re too skinny.” “I’m not skinny,” Peter argues, even as he takes the third sandwich.  “You’re emaciated,” Beto, Delmar’s son, corrects. “Ain’t healthy,  ese.”   “  I’m growing too fast. My body can’t keep up,” Peter says. He looks at Mr. Delmar. “Thanks,  señor.”   “ Eat it later, you lazy bum. You’ve got work to do.” Delmar points to the sink full of dirty dishes. Peter rolls up his sleeves and attacks the mountain of dishes with vigor. He sneaks bites of his sandwich when Delmar isn’t looking.  “This is what happens when I’m off for a day,” he mutters, loud enough for Delmar and his son to hear. “Why do the dishes when we have you around?” Beto said airily. He is wiping down the counter. They fall into a comfortable silence after that. It is around two o’ clock in the afternoon. The lunch rush just ended, and they can breathe for a few hours until the dinner rush. Even so, the sandwich shop still has a trickle of customers come in between the busy times. And there are always dishes to wash, counters to scrub, and floors to sweep. Delmar likes to say that the floor is clean enough to eat off.  Peter is finishing the last of the dishes when he hears the door open. With his back to the register, he doesn’t take any note of the customer. Until that customer says, “One Reuben with extra sauerkraut, please. Toast the bread a little extra, too.” Peter would recognize that voice anywhere. He’s heard it on the news, in person once before. He whips around, eyes wide as saucers. Tony Stark stands at the counter of a dingy sandwich shop in the bad part of Queens, wearing jeans and a T-shirt. Even with red-tinged sunglasses on, Peter would recognize the iconic facial hair anywhere. He seems amused by Beto’s dazed reaction. The poor kid can hardly the numbers into the register. Delmar whacks his dazed son lightly on the shoulder. “Muévanse,   mijo ,” he snaps before going to make Stark’s order. Peter just stares as Tony Stark pays for his meal. He uses a debit card, one of those nice metal ones that rich people always carry. Stark moves over to the pick-up counter, shifting side to side. Peter stares some more. He really should stop, it’s getting creepy. “You want an autograph, kid?” Stark says.  Peter thinks Stark is talking to Beto at first, until he realizes that Iron Man is staring at him.  “No sir,” Peter says, growing as red as a beet. He turns back to his dirty dishes, feeling mortified. God, that was probably so rude. He’s about to apologize to Iron Man, but Delmar speaks first. “The kid’s a big fan of yours. Bit of a science whiz himself.” Delmar turns to Peter. “How long was that report of yours on the arc reactor? Thirty pages?” “Thirty-five,  señor,” Peter says, turning to face his boss and his idol. His face is redder than the surface of Mars now. Stark looks slightly interested. Maybe. Peter isn’t good at reading people. “What was it on?” “My AP Chem teacher wanted us to find theoretical applications for technology that already existed. I argued that smaller versions of the arc reactor could be used to power a variety of household items, which would help us become less dependent on fossil fuels. It took a lot of explaining, so that’s why the report was so long,” Peter says in a rush. “You’re interested in clean energy?” Stark says. Peter shrugs. “I’m just interested in science,” he says. He doesn’t want to admit that he chose the arc reactor because he has a slight obsession with Tony Stark. “More like obsessed. Every shirt the little nerd owns has a science pun on it,” Beto scoffs.  “You must be very proud of your son,” Stark says to Delmar. “He’s not my son. Just works for me.” Delmar ruffles Peter’s hair, and he tries not to flinch away from the touch. “We are fond of the little  chico, though.” “You called me a lazy bum twenty minutes ago,” Peter mutters. “Because you are. Get back to work.” Delmar cuffs Peter on the ear playfully and hands Stark the finished sandwich. “Here you are,  Señor     Stark.”  “Thank you.” Instead of leaving, Stark goes to sit at one of the tables in the corner. He pulls out a StarkPad and begins to write on it with a stylus. Peter watches out of the corner of his eye, absolutely enchanted. Stark seems to be sketching some sort of design. Maybe a modification for the Iron Man suit?  Delm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Foster Care
Verbal Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Physical Abuse
Disabled Character
Adoption
Poor Peter Parker
Past Rape/Non-con
Childhood Sexual Abuse
IronDad and SpiderSon
Heavy Angst
large family
Dysfunctional Family
Eating Disorders
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Adopted Child
Peter Parker Has Siblings
Peter Parker Has a Twin
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Ableism

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

