Chapter 1





Chapter Text
I loved my job at Hydra, a small popular bar in the city near my home. The regular crowd was cool, the music was good, my coworkers were friendly and once a month there was a slave auction. The slave auctions were always entertaining and the tips that night were insane, and thought I had never bought one, I had an amazing discount for anything that was being sold that day. Hydra was popular among bikers and soldiers, making the stories crazy and the parties wild. It made my job feel more like a fun night out. Tonight was an auction and one of my coworkers, Sam, had told me that he had a feeling I would buy someone tonight. I shook my head with a small smirk, Sam knew what I liked but my boyfriend Steve was away on business and it would have to be something really special for me to make such a big decision without him. I told him as such, but he just shrugged grabbing the tray of drinks with a smirk and moving to do his job. I only half watched the show, keeping my eye on the sellers as they walked around the bustling bar parading around the beautiful slaves they would be selling. The sellers wore clothes which showed what training facility they where from, while the slaves were dressed in revealing clothing their faces caked in make-up. I got a good look at all the nights merchandise as the workers came to the bar to talk to me and get their drinks. That was when an old timer, Ben, came up with the boyHe was young, definitely one of the youngest ones being sold that night, but already had defined abs. He was wearing a pair of deep blue pair of pants that wear baggy around the crotch but tightened about mid shin, other than that he was completely bare with dark eyeliner around his eyes. His light brown hair was wet making it curl into his coffee colored eyes and I was immediately drawn to him. “Tell me about the kid?” I inquired trying not to show how interested I was. “Petey? He’s well behaved, but comes with some medical expenses and issues.”He told me casually as if he wasn’t really expecting to sell this beauty tonight.“Like what?” I asked as I poured him the drink, him taking a seat.“He doesn’t talk a lot, is extremely under educated, and has asthma. That plus the testosterone shots means I just can’t afford him anymore.” “Testosterone?” I questioned, the word both catching my interest and confusing me. “Petey come here.” He ordered pulling the boy out of whatever daze he was in. The boy immediately did standing in front of the bar, his handler pulling his pants open so i could see his dickless crotch. I whistled, suddenly adjusting myself in my pants, could the boy be any more perfect. “Request of the father. Paid me good money when he was a tot, to make sure we raised him as a boy and got him testosterone once he was old enough. I wouldn’t have done it, but I’m a man of my word.”“Is he untouched?” I asked suddenly desperate to make this angel mine.“Never been penetrated, that’s as much as I know for sure.” He told me and I suddenly couldn’t bring myself to care. “I’ll give you 25 for him.” I stated, making him look at me slightly shocked, it wasn’t exactly cheap for a slave but I knew the other two he had with him would go for at least twice that much when the auction actually started. “He could go for more than that once he gets on that stage.” he informed suddenly turning into the salesman he was. “But he could also go for a lot less,” I informed him snarkily, I had witnessed many beauties being sold for way less than they were worth because the crowd was waiting for something better. “Plus I will make an honest man out of you and keep up his shots.” He thought about it for a second, looking over the boy who was now staring at me with wide eyes. The call for the sellers to come backstage to prepare for the show, echoed throughout the room making the man chug his drink and turn to me. “Sold.” He decided at last. “I'll keep him backstage with me while you work, come back with the check when you’re ready.” With that he left, my new prize glancing over his shoulder to look at me as he was led back stage.   The next couple hours were spent with me getting my affairs in order to bring the boy home. I sent a quick text to Steve telling him ‘not to be mad, but I had bought a slave’ knowing he wouldn’t see it until morning, and one to my boss asking if I could leave early. The latter replied telling me he was fine with it, and to have fun with a winky face. I told the other bartender the situation and he gave me a nod with a smirk congratulating me. After that I waited until the auction was in full swing, wrote my check and made my way backstage. The boy was sitting in a corner, knees to his chest, a black backpack over his shoulders, and a black hoodie on making him look a lot younger than he did in the bar. He looked up at me before flinching back into his ball making me smirk sightly. He was pure perfection and I couldn’t wait to get him home. “Whats with the bag?” I asked his h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pietro Maximoff/Wanda Maximoff/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slavery
Trans Peter Parker
kind of
boy pussy
Dark
Temperature Play
Rape/Non-con Elements
Forced Oral
Forced Orgasm
Spanking
Threesome
Anal Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Watersports
Double Penetration
Daddy Kink
mentions of scat
Age Play
Dom/sub
Master/Slave
Sounding
Torture
Blood
Sex Toys
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pietro Maximoff/Wanda Maximoff/Tony Stark

