Chapter 1: The Sergeant
    




Chapter Text
He wouldn’t have believed it if wasn’t staring him in the face.After the whole snafu with HYDRA infested SHIELD—oh boy, he called it from day one. Fury’s secrets did have secrets—he fucking knew it and star-spangled golden boy chewed him out for taking the initiative to dig through all the muck in Mad Eye Moody’s backyard.He was fine with the fact that Capcicle would rather not work with him unless it involves alien ass-kicking or end of the world scenarios. Tony’s a genius for Thor’s sake. He could take a hint. However, he and Cap got along better somehow after facing Thor’s bat shit-crazy, drama queen of a brother. They formed a tentative bond, along with the other members of the super-secret boy band.  Start to a beautiful friendship and all that. Still, as mentioned the bond was tentative, meaning not official or stable enough for them to be actual friends or teammates. How else would he find out that Cap and Natasha took on SHIELD/HYDRA on their own and not bothered to alert Tony about it? Or ask for his help? Granted, they were both SHIELD agents, but c’mon, Tony was a fucking SHIELD consultant. He had contracts with the agency! The repulsor tech on those damned helicarriers were Stark patented!He and JARVIS (his brilliant boy—lost, killed and stolen from--no, not from him; it was all Tony’s fault. He was reckless. He was no better than Howard; he let JARVIS down—no, no, no, stop, stop, stop! Rhodey said you did it all because you wanted to protect the world from those things you know will come, you were desperate..lies, no, no, no lies..) could have come up with countermeasures to make sure those helicarriers and Zola’s algorithm never saw the light of day.Apparently, they would rather the Internet have a field day with all the classified data from SHIELD/HYDRA (SHIELDRA?) files and let actual SHIELD agents that do good be compromised than call in the team’s tech guy.  The blatant lack of trust was as insulting as it was painful.And throw the whole fiasco with his Skynet-murderbot of a child that left a certain witch grieving for her Roadrunner brother and a whole city crumbled to dust in—well, let’s just say that the friendship thing was treading on thin ice.This one though?This takes the cake, the bacon, the trophy, the championship belt, the plaque, the prize, the consolation and the round girls, all of them. For once, it wasn’t Tony unwittingly burning parts out of their little friendship and salting the ashes. Tony was sitting in his workshop and going through all the files he had FRIDAY pull out of the SHIELD hard drive he accidentally found on Cap’s desk. He was just about to call in Cap for a test run of his new gear; Steve was out though, he never bothered with asking FRIDAY because he wanted to surprise the guy and he didn’t mean to actually snoop around.  The blasted thing was still plugged in Cap’s unused laptop, dammit, clearly his lectures about files safety were all for naught.Seeing the contents, he wished he never let curiosity win against logic when one file caught his attention inside the folder regarding the Winter Soldier—who turned out to be Cap’s not-actually dead war buddy, Bucky Barnes. These bastards. There must be something in the water in Brooklyn during the '40s. ASSET MISSION REPORT: DECEMBER 16, 1991MISSION OBJECTIVE: RETRIEVAL OF SUPER SOLDIER SERUM CREATED BY HOWARD STARKPARAMETERS: STAGED ACCIDENT, NO WITNESSESMISSION STATUS: ACCOMPLISHED He did not bother reading the whole report. From just a few sentences, he already had the complete picture.
Hydra had my parents killed.

Steve knew.
He probably knew ever since he and Natasha brought down SHIELD.
They used his best friend to kill my parents.
He even had a copy of the mission file, must have been saved from the data dump—it wasn’t part of the files released online.
And he didn’t tell me about it.
 “Boss?”  there was hesitation coloring FRIDAY’s Irish lilt.“Yes, baby girl?”“Do you want me to continue?”FRIDAY must have noticed his reaction when he saw the date. Sweet child.“Yes.” His breath shaking a little before he added some casual confidence in his tone to show some semblance of normalcy, “Continue copying all the files from this drive and secure them in a folder within our private servers. Pull all the stops, FRI and make sure no one can access except me. Please delete this shop footage, as well the one with me from the way to and fro Cap’s room.  I don’t want anyone knowing about this.”“Yes, boss.” A couple of minutes later and he returned the drive in the exact same place he found it. With FRIDAY’S help, he ran into no one before going back to the lab. Decades of blaming Howard for his mother’s death, all wasted on Tony numbing himself with alcohol, sex and drugs. Their deaths left both Tony and the company in Obadiah’s hands. Obie was all fine with his godson destroying himself (only showing restraint when it affects the company’s stocks) so long as Tony was functio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Gaslighting
Unrequited Love
Civil War Team Iron Man
Peter has been under Tony's wings way before Civil War
Harley lives in the Compound
SassyIronSons
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Dark Bucky Barnes
If you is a STARK yo middle names range from Sassy to Salty
Bitchy BAMF Queens
BAMF Hope Van Dyne
BAMF Laura Barton
BAMF Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
BAMF Happy Hogan
He ain't going down without a fight to protect the IRONFAM
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Harley Keener
Protective Peter Parker
Harley Keener is King of Unimpressed
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
IronSons don't have time for bullshit
I still love you in the comics Steve
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Emotional Manipulation
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety Attacks
IF YOU ARE ON TEAM CAP YOU CAN AVOID THIS
You Have Been Warned
Communication is a must
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Possessive Behavior
Obsessive Behavior
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
I'll go with that because I'm bad at tagging
and brainwashing
Suddenly remembering your BFF is not a magical cure for torture
you don't escape seventy years of that shit unscathed
AGAIN NOT TEAM CAP FRIENDLY
INFINITY WAR AND ENDGAME ARE BLISSFULLY IGNORED
Slow Burn
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Suicide
HAND WAVEY SCIENCE AND PSYCHOLOGY
WITH SOME COMIC MUMBO JUMBO

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

