Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:
Soooooo the chapter notes got deleted when I edited this and I can't remember what I said.Uh... hope you guys like it?This is the longest chap in the entire fic I think. A lot happens so pay attention.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

January 2001
 
Tony didn’t go out 

every

 night.

He had responsibilities, a company to run, technological marvels to build, and 

most of the time

, he took on those responsibilities without complaint. Despite what some tabloids may have the general public believe, he was not a wild, partygoing, man-child with far too much money to spend on his every desire… most of the time.

Some days he just needed to shrug off the weight that came with heading a billion dollar company, so sue him. He was allowed to relax every now and again, and when he did, well, he 

really

 relaxed.

And so, on The Night That Changed Everything, he hadn’t been looking for anything other than a couple of glasses (or bottles) of excellent whisky, and maybe a companion or two with whom he could spend the night.

In the end, what he had received as a result of The Night That Changed Everything was much better.

~~~

Happy was unhappy with him (Tony had laughed at the irony in that statement for a solid five minutes on the drive down to the bar). He knew, because he could feel the driver’s disdain from where he was reclined in the backseat. 

Happy wasn’t the only one who was grumpy with him though. Pepper was mad, Rhodey was mad, hell, even Obie was mad.

According to them, he was “drinking his life away” and a “borderline alcoholic”. Personally, he preferred the term “alcohol aficionado”, but Pepper, Rhodey, and Obie hadn’t been impressed when he told them that.

And yes, just maybe, if the four people in his life that he actually cared about were unanimously telling him the same thing, there might be a small problem. But the fact of the matter was that Tony just didn’t want to deal with the problem.

He was happy with his life. With his little cycle of drink, no sleep, lab, repeat. It wasn’t healthy, and in the one session that he’d been able to tolerate with the therapist that Rhodey had forced upon him, she suggested that they were coping mechanisms, but Tony had brushed that idea off just as quickly as the woman had suggested it.

He didn’t have anything to cope with. Sure, his dad had hated the very air he breathed, and yeah, both of his parents were dead and he’d probably spend the rest of his days withering away in a mansion, but that was nothing. He was fine.

But still, there was the persisting feeling that something wasn’t quite right with the way he lived. Something was missing, but he didn’t know what, and it bugged him to no end.

Ugh, this was why he’d asked Happy to bring him to the bar. He was desperate for a drink.

“I’m going to park round back, okay? Don’t trash the place until I get back,” Happy said, only half joking. Tony rolled his eyes as he got out of the car. 

One time

. He’d only trashed a bar 

one time

. Plus those other three times. And then there were those other two. Okay, six times, but still. He was living life in the fast lane and all that jazz. 

Tony shook his head, focusing instead on his desperate need to get blackout drunk. The bartender. Yes the bartender could help with that.

And help they did, because soon Tony was perched on a stool, sucking down a glass of the finest whisky this place had to offer, and surveying the bar as he ignored the burn in the back of his throat from the amber liquid.

There were a fair few creepy, old men eyeing a group of young, pretty women who looked like they were having the time of their lives. Tony made sure to give the freaky men a satisfactory glare before shifting his gaze to a group of rowdy teens who couldn’t have been over seventeen. He wasn’t one to judge though, having done the exact same thing when he was that age. 

And as his eyes travelled around the dimly lit bar, he saw 

her

, the main contributor (apart from himself. He’d say he helped a fair bit) to The Night That Changed Everything. She was perched on a stool in the corner of the room, her curly hair brushing her shoulders as she leaned down to take a sip of what looked like a gin and tonic. Her make-up was smudged and her glittery dress was slightly rumpled, shedding sparkly flakes everytime she shifted in her seat. But she was gorgeous, so, naturally, Tony swaggered towards her, and that was the beginning of The Night That Changed Everything.

He found out that her name was Mary Parker, and that she and her husband were on a ‘break’. She was a biologist - he’d actually read one of her papers once, and had been intrigued by the science behind it. Intrigued enough to dig a little deeper, but he’d lost interest eventually - machines were more his thing. 

She lived in Queens, New York, but was in Malibu for a work conference. 

A stroke of luck if I’ve ever seen 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Baby Peter Parker
Domestic Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Adorable Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

