Work Text:
The first time Bucky sees Steve, it’s little league practice.He’s seven and Steve is the skinny kid in the corner of the makeshift dugout, holding an inhaler in his right hand like it’s an extension of his arm. He’s wearing glasses with thick lenses and there’s something flesh-colored in his ear and Bucky’s first instinct is to avoid him like the plague.It’s an instinct that’s shared by the rest of the kids, all edging around him like they’ll catch something for the first few practices. Steve throws the ball okay but the coach doesn’t make him run like the rest of them, which Bucky thinks is kind of a good idea. He doesn’t really look like he can run, coughing every time someone kicks dust up. He knows Steve’s name because everyone keeps saying it but they don’t actually meet until a couple weeks later. When Bucky tells him his name he expects Steve to laugh like everyone else does (everyone’s always laughed at “Bucky”), but Steve just smiles at him.That’s when Bucky stops avoiding Steve. One day, the big ten-year-old on their team tells Steve that the reason he doesn’t live with his real parents is because they didn’t want him, Bucky hits him so hard that his hand is bruised for a week after. That’s when they become friends. “I don’t live with my real parents either, y’know.” Bucky says to Steve when he’s dragging Bucky over to someone’s mom to get ice, his eyes rimmed with red. Steve’s grip falters and he turns around with his brow furrowed, like he thinks Bucky’s saying it just to tease him.“Really. I’m not lying or anything. I got a foster mom.” Bucky says, shrugging. “Oh.” Steve says, his expression unreadable. They start walking again, and Steve turns and says to him, “Sorry you got your hand busted up.”Bucky shrugs again, tells Steve it’s not a big deal, because it’s not.When he gets kicked out of little league for fighting, Steve begs him to tell their coach that Steve was involved too, so he doesn’t have to tell his parents he wants to quit.They spend the rest of the summer in Steve’s backyard, Steve practicing his pitches and Bucky taking the bases for him. ++Steve’s not-parents are different from his not-parents. Steve’s not in foster care like Bucky, he got adopted when he was five by two tall brunette people with enough money to pay for Steve’s hearing aid, his prescriptions and his special circumstances. They always look at Bucky like they feel sorry for him, but they give him sandwiches in the afternoons and sometimes let him stay for dinner. Bucky’s not-parents are just his foster mom, and his house isn’t as nice as Steve’s but that’s okay. He figures Steve needs more than he does. He likes his foster mom, and he doesn’t mind the small backyard, really. Still, he likes being at Steve’s house. Bucky has friends at school and he usually makes friends with the kids that stay in his house but he’s never had a friend like Steve. He’s allergic to everything and he can’t see without his glasses or breathe without his inhaler or hear without his hearing aid and Bucky thinks that’s a lot of things that can go wrong but haven’t. “It means something, you know.” He always says and Steve always rolls his eyes.“It means I’m a hassle.” Steve says one afternoon, throwing one of his crayons at Bucky.“No, I mean that you’re not dead from all that. It means something.” Bucky insists and Steve rolls his eyes again but gives him a nod. “You’re like, really tough.” Bucky says, and Steve laughs but he blushes too.“I’m not tough, Bucky.” Steve says. His cheeks are still pink.“Whatever you say.” Bucky says, and he throws the crayon back at Steve.Sometimes when he spends the night he looks down at Steve (Steve always makes him sleep in his bed, while he takes the floor), asleep and without his glasses and his hearing aid and he almost looks normal, blonde hair and pale skin and freckles from the sun. He almost looks like a regular kid, and Bucky hates it. Steve isn’t regular, he knows it. No one’s got that much wrong with them and still acts as nice as Steve does; he’s seen a lot of kids with stuff wrong with them and they’re all like him. His foster mom calls it “a little rough around the edges” and it usually means they pick fights, get in trouble, get bad grades sometimes. But Steve’s not like that. He’s not rough anywhere. He won’t even kill bugs. A kid like that isn’t regular, he’s better than that. In the mornings Steve has to put his glasses and his hearing aid back in so they can watch cartoons and Bucky likes it more like that, with something to distinguish him and Steve. ++When they’re eight, Bucky asks him, “So what happened to your parents?”They’re taking turns playing a game on Steve’s Gameboy and Steve doesn’t stop playing when he says, “My dad died before I was born. My mom got sick when I was three.” “I’m sorry.” Bucky says because that’s what you’re supposed to say.“What about you?” Steve asks. “I don’t really know. I’ve been in group homes since I was really little. I think they’re dead to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern AU
University AU
no superpowers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

