Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The room was lit up by a nebulous orange light. It danced off the walls and reflected back into Tony's tired eyes, but he'd never cared less about a discomfort in his life. He barely dared to breathe as he watched the screen, fingers clasped together so tightly in his lap that his knuckles were turning white. The lines of coding scrolling across the screen wouldn't have meant much to most people, even other people who were familiar with computer codes. This was code was special. It was so very, very unique; there would never be another like it - god knew Tony had tried.This was the very heart and soul of JARVIS."Come on, Buddy," Tony whispered, moistening his dry lips. He wasn't sure how long he'd been down here for. He had taken what Loki had harvested from Vision's body and spent a very long time picking it apart, figuring out what was important and what wasn't. That in itself had been a long and arduous process. Tony didn't want any part of Vision, and definitely no part of the Mind Stone, to go into JARVIS. Step one was identifying what actually belonged to JARVIS.The remains of Vision were now a sickly yellow blob on the floor to Tony's left. It wasn't entirely coding, nor was it entirely magic. Tony had worn gloves while sifting through it because to touch the substance made his brain fuzzy. He knew that Loki would be able to safely get rid of it later. Now that he had what he needed, he had moved onto the equally arduous step two: gluing all those fiddly little bits of coding back together into one cohesive being.That might have sounded easy, but it wasn't. From day one, JARVIS had been designed to become a self-learning creature. Within the first five years, JARVIS had actually learned how to update himself. Tony might have had to do the physical bits, like upgrading servers, but JARVIS was very self-sustaining and seemed to like it that way. And who was Tony to take that sort of pleasure and joy away from one of his A.I.'s? It was a quality he had yet to replicate in any of his other A.I.'s, though to give her credit where it was due, he thought that FRIDAY would be able to get there eventually.He also thought he knew exactly who would be able to help FRIDAY get to that point, but before Tony could take care of that he needed to see how JARVIS turned out. Step two had taken even longer than step one, because Tony had to go back through all the back-ups JARVIS had created over the years and try to match up what was missing. His heart had positively jumped in excitement when the process had suddenly picked up and continued without his input. He didn't know for sure, but he was taking that as a positive sign. It had to be.Tony had already lost so much. His relationship with Steve and the others would never be the same. Ditto Pepper, and Rhodey was gone forever. Now that he was so close to having JARVIS back, he couldn't fathom the thought of losing him again. And so here was during step three: the waiting. Unfortunately, no matter how much he wished otherwise, there wasn't much more Tony could do right now. He had laid out the foundations, applied all the glue, added some new coding, gave little nudges here and there, given all the access that he could. He was reluctant to intervene more than that at this stage, when things seemed to be moving in the right direction. So, all he could do was sit there and watch and hope and pray.He was so involved in staring at the screen that he didn't even register James calling to him from the door of the workshop. Later, Tony would see on the workshop's security feed that James paused when he realized that Tony wasn't listening and frowned. There was a pensive look on his face as he stood there for a few seconds, glancing back and forth between Tony and the screen. Then he seemed to come to a decision, because he turned and walked back the way that he had come. But he wasn't gone long.The next thing Tony registered was the sharp sting of his backside being spanked. He came up off the stool with a startled yelp and nearly faceplanted when all the blood rushed back into his legs; Loki caught him by the arm and spanked him again, then thrice more in succession. Tony whined at the pain - Loki was probably pulling his blows, because he was a god and could easily kill a human, but that didn't mean Loki didn't know how to make it hurt - and tried to pull away. But Loki's grip, though gentle enough not to hurt, was firm, and he didn't let go."Pet," he said, pulling Tony around to face him. "What have you been told about neglecting your health?""I wasn't," Tony said sulkily, looking up into Loki's face. At least by facing Loki, it put his smarting backside out of Loki's reach. "You've been down here for almost twenty-four hours without eating or sleeping," Loki pointed out. "How are you supposed to stand at my side if you can't even stand because you've been in one position for too long?""I could kneel?" Tony suggested.The corner of Loki's mouth t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
infinity war and endgame NEVER HAPPENED
Light BDSM
Dom Loki
Sub Tony Stark
Switch Bucky Barnes
loki wants to rule the world
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Loki Needs a Hug
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Loki Has Issues
Possessive Loki
no one touches what belongs to loki
Evil Loki
Evil Bucky Barnes
Evil Tony Stark
Morally Grey Tony Stark
morally grey bucky barnes
Touch-Starved
Touch-Starved Tony Stark
Nicknames
bucky barnes is okay with watching the world burn
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
tony stark is everyone's scapegoat
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Infinity Stones
bucky barnes is a damn good spy
sharon carter needs to stay away from steve rogers
Brainwashing
brainwashed wanda maximoff
the evil in this fic is pretty subjective
tony stark is trying to save the world
no matter how it happens
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Happy Ending
Spanking
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

