Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
For Peter Parker, normal has always been a relative term.At one point, his normal was coming home from kindergarten to a mom and a dad, just like any other kid. After the plane crash, his normal was coming home to Ben and May. Then it evolved into not coming home at all—it was spending afternoons and late nights furiously trying to work out his powers in a desperate attempt to understand what, exactly, had happened to him during that field trip to Oscorp. When Ben died, that was his new normal. Mr. Stark barged into his life and his new normal hadn’t exactly been normal in the most common sense, but Avengers missions and late night movies with the team on the couch of the Avengers Compound were about as normal as a teenage vigilante was going to get.In the past month, Peter’s normal changed again. After the bus and the gym and the general mess of a hostage situation, Peter’s new normal is Spider-Man watch parties with added commentary from his decathlon team. It’s Flash Thompson apologizing in the hallways and disappearing whenever Peter tries to talk to him. It’s watching Spider-Man Fails compilations and Buzzfeed: Unsolved (all the while wondering how many were S.H.I.E.L.D or alien related) on the couch of the Avengers Compound while the actual Avengers mingle about their daily lives with the added benefit of an entire team of teenagers and one Mr. Harrington crashing at their place. It’s a group of ordinary teenagers and their superhero friend trying to get through high school in addition to hiding one of the biggest secrets in their lives from just about everyone.The sound of a bell chimes.Normal is spending weekends practicing at the Avengers Compound in a fit of panic because the upcoming decathlon competition is only weeks away and there’s been a distinct lack of practice ever since the field trip.  “Abe rung first,” MJ says. Abe has his hand positioned above the bell with an expression that could only be described as that of incredible confidence.Sally, his current partner for the 2 vs. 2 practice matchup, eyes him and says, “I hope you actually know the answer to this.”“Of course I do,” Abe says. “The answer is Ruthenium.”MJ looks down at her cards. She raises an eyebrow. “Wrong.”“Are you kidding me?” Abe says, incredulously. “I studied my ass off. I’m pretty sure it’s Ruthenium.”“Cindy, Charles?” MJ asks. “Want to steal?”“It’s Rutherfordium,” Cindy says.As the point goes to Cindy and Charles’ team, Abe’s confidence crumbles before Peter’s eyes. He looks down at his hands with a face full of dread, buries his face in his arms, and whispers a quiet fuck.“Language, please,” Mr. Harrington sighs.Cindy and Charles muffle their laughter from the other side of the table where they’re playing the opposing team. MJ, their card holder and decathlon leader, looks on impassively. The rest of the remaining team members that actually has shown up to practice, Peter included, hold back snickers from their position on the opposite couch. Mr. Stark and Mr. Harrington are chaperoning for the day, lounging on the opposing couch and watching the team. Whereas Mr. Stark always seems to find teenage antics amusing, Mr. Harrington has put up with them long enough and knows all of their bullshit by now.Sally pushes her bell away with a sigh. “Alright, I give. Someone switch with me ‘cause I need a break.”“Personally, I’m rather fond of Badassium but that’s a PR nightmare that Pepper still won’t talk to me about,” Mr. Stark says. “Alright, I have the cards. MJ, you’re up.”MJ passes the cards to Mr. Stark on her way up to the table. “Don’t skip cards again.”“It mixes them up,” Mr. Stark says and points a finger at her. “Prevents you from memorizing order.”“It’s a pain in the ass when I have to sort them again,” MJ corrects. “Ned, Betty, you’re on deck for Charles and Cindy. Peter, you’re on deck for Abe.”“Got it, Cap’n,” Betty says. Ned gives her a slight nod but goes back to furiously working on his homework for Monday. Peter gives her a two fingered wave and makes exactly zero effort to get up from his spot.Weekends like these aren’t, exactly, what one would call normal in any sense of the way. It’s been four weeks since the episode on the bus and again in the gym—one to recover, three more to start meeting at the Avengers’ Compound for practice on Saturday mornings. Normally, Peter is at the compound around this time anyways, but it would've have been quiet and peaceful. Maybe an Avengers cooking in the kitchen, if he’s lucky that particular day. The added chaos of another eight teenagers and a teacher has taken more than a bit of adjustment.The Avengers have been welcoming, at least. Peter knows it isn’t easy hosting a decathlon meeting, but the freshly baked cookies and the extra handwritten note cards on everything from the Spanish Inquisition to basic college algebra from a mysterious benefactor sure seemed to help.(Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
BAMF Peter Parker
Flash Thompson Redemption
Aftermath of Violence
Multimedia
Social Media
Team as Family
which team you ask? all of them
Humor as a coping mechanism
Twitter
Texting
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Angst and Humor
its a nice blend of feelings
Found Family
Group chat

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

