Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
There’s nothing quite like shooting someone in the face to get the blood pumping—in more ways than one. The second sense can prove a little messy, though, and lowering himself to cleaning up afterward is… hmm, distasteful, to say the least. Acceptable when he was working his way up the ranks, but for a man who now owns half the city, well… He has people for that. Sighing, Erik kicks back in his chair, crossing his ankles on top of the coffee table, and—oh, why not? Might as well complete the image—threads his hands and settles them over his stomach. Having underlings to carry out his wishes is generally a source of satisfaction, but, on occasion—and this is one such occasion—the people under him can be so damn incompetent. It’s true what they say: if you want something done right, you need to do it yourself. And, sometimes—only on occasion, mind—it can be pleasant to remind oneself of the satisfaction derived from personally taking care of something so primal. It’s that kind of thinking that accounts for the dead body on the opposite sofa, hole blown through the forehead, and brains smattered across the sheetrock. A good shot, if he does say so himself. Nice to know that he isn’t getting rusty. “When I asked you to detain an seventeen-year-old college student who has probably never touched a gun in his life, I did not think it would be an insurmountable task,” he says to the cowering man who remains, rooted to the sofa, trying pathetically hard not to look at his dead companion. That must be something of a challenge, considering he’s splattered with the dead man’s blood. “Apparently, I was wrong.” “Sir—“ Erik holds up a hand, cutting him off. There’s no sense in listening to a dead man’s babbling… or what will soon be a dead man, the moment Erik manages to wring out the salient points of what went wrong tonight. Mistakes are forgivable: he’s not a complete monster. But this—this level of incompetence… There’s no place for it in his organization. He didn’t get to the top by nurturing ineptitude.  “Let’s go over the details again,” he says, curving his mouth up into a smile that someone once told him resembled that of a shark. Said someone shortly thereafter met with an unfortunate accident—though the comparison to a predator is actually one that he finds personally favorable, it hadn’t been meant that way, and such things simply can’t be allowed to stand. “Kurt Marko has, as of late, made some rather unfortunate business decisions, and, in a truly appalling display of bad sense, came to me for a rather large loan—which he now cannot repay. Marko is, at the moment, barely staying afloat at all, and only thanks to the monthly allowance left to his stepson by his late father, Brian Xavier. Regrettably for Marko, Xavier is a month from turning eighteen, at which point the monthly allowances stop, and Charles Xavier gets full control of his trust fund. Are you following me so far?” The man nods dumbly.  That’s something, anyway: in a show of encouragement, Erik thumbs on the gun’s safety and sets it aside on the coffee table. He won’t be needing it for another few minutes at least.“Luckily for Marko, Xavier is… an appealing boy.” To put it mildly. Eyes like that, and lips that would make a nun blush—Xavier is a wet dream come to life. Brilliant too, and, as the tail Erik put on him for the last few months has been able to determine, sweet-natured, though with enough of a bite to keep things interesting. “Quite a lucky turn for Marko, that he has something I want.” Thinning his lips down into a smirk, he reaches out for the glass of scotch on the side-table. It’s not precisely the dinner theatre, but he could do worse for entertainment than a couple of underlings practically shitting themselves in fear. Does good things for a man’s ego, to see that. “And, so, Marko and I came to an arrangement. He would give me his stepson, and I would cancel his debts. Xavier disappears, Sharon Xavier keeps control of her son’s accounts, and, by extension, Marko keeps control of the accounts—everyone is happy.” He takes a swallow of scotch. Good year, nice vintage. At least someone he employs is competent, even if it’s only the person who gets him his alcohol. “You—you only needed to collect Xavier and bring him to me. And I find—“ Drawing his finger over the rim of his glass, he looks up from under his eyelashes at the terrified man, who—ah, hasn’t entirely succeeded in keeping his eyes off the body next to him. Too bad. “I find that I am very… curious as to why you failed to do as I asked.” The man’s hand shoots out, clamping down on the arm of the sofa. “We did—did get him, Sir—“ “Yes. For long enough to tell him what was happening, to taunt him—and I cannot fathom what convinced you it would be a good idea to do that—and for him to kick out the right taillight of the trunk you put him into, and for someone to call the police when they saw him waving his hand. I can’t impress upon you f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Alternate Universe - Mob
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Canes
Feathers & Featherplay
Ice Play
Non-Consensual Bondage
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Butt Plugs
Gags
Psychological Trauma

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

