Chapter 1





Chapter Text

THE RUNAWAY EX-VENGERS SET TO RETURN THIS WEEK
written by DENISE PORTER 
As I’m sure all of us know, we are closing in on the second anniversary of what press and the public have called the modern day superhero Civil War. For those who have never seen the news or looked online at any point ever, let me summarize what happened:

Shit went down, and Captain America went crazy.

Not really, it was obviously more complicated than that, involving the Accords and disagreement and a battle within the Avengers over what was and was not the right thing to do. Since then, Captain America and his team is misfits have been wanted fugitives around the globe, while Tony Stark and the Avengers who stayed worked with the UN to negotiate making changes on parts that felt unfit and not all that fair. Government officials have tried to stay quiet about this ordeal, but Stark has been an open book about all things related to the Avengers and the Accords the entire time, giving public statements and updates on the progress being made, as well as things that they were still struggling with. About two and a half months ago, Stark made another statement claiming that almost all negotiations had been dealt with, and the new version of the Accords should be made public once they got the last of it ironed out.

Since then, any other news on this issue has been small and mostly insignificant, and from Stark, radio silence—until earlier today, when he held a press conference to announce that the fugitive Avengers have been pardoned, contacted and brought up to speed on the new Accords, and have agreed to sign. He also said that they would be returning come this Friday, where they will be placed on a general house arrest for an undetermined amount of time, more of a precaution until the UN feels they are trustworthy again. However, their house arrest will be held at Stark Tower, because, according to Stark, “New York seems like a beacon for trouble, and if something happens and we need them for an emergency, they’ll already be in the city.”

Public opinion about this news is up in the air. As it stands, the American people aren’t sure if the Ex-vengers can be trusted, but on the other hand, having the Avengers feels like a safety blanket being placed over the world again. My question, however, is this:

After a break up like that, how are the Avengers planning to work together and be a team again?

I don’t know about anyone else, but after that explosive of a break up, I can’t see either side being able to go back to being the way they were, but maybe they’ll surprise us. At this point, I think we’re all just hoping that, whatever goes down, it’s not as damaging as it was last time—seeing Tony Stark look a light breeze away from bursting into tears for at least three months was heartbreaking, to say the least.

Hit us up on any of our social media platforms and let us know what you think!
  The thought has been there for a while now, the lingering question, the uncertainty. Ever since they heard on the news that Tony was working with the UN to negotiate the more unfair aspects of the accords, they’ve been wondering what that meant for them—if they would get to go home, what it would be like if they did. Together, Steve, Nat, Sam, and Wanda (though Wanda was usually going off on her own, meeting with Vision in unknown places and not getting back to them for weeks at a time) would ponder how it would go, imagined anything from warm hugs and tears and profuse apologies, to thrown punches and yelling and pure anger.This was not what they expected.As soon as the three of them step into Stark Tower, which has been cleared out of employees for the day, along with the entire block being closed off to avoid press and unwanted attention, two things happen. First, a teenage boy, looking to be around sixteen or seventeen, steps in front of them with his arms crossed over his chest, eyes narrowed into a judgmental, scrutinizing sort of half-glare, brows twitching together, then up, then together again. Before the three rogues can react, another teenager steps into the room, though this one is not nearly as defensive, has a pair of dark sunglasses on his nose and a brown box in his hands labeled kitchen stuff, his lower lip jutted out in a childish looking pout.“Um.” Steve looks over at Nat, brows raised high. She just shrugs. “May we… help you…?”The first teen cocks his head slightly to the side, scans over them for a moment, then abruptly turns towards the second teenager and simply states, “They look like douche bags.”The second teen splutters, eyes hidden by the glasses, though his brows are visible when they shoot up to his hairline. “Harley, we literally just talked about this, like, an hour ago.”“I’m just being honest,” Harley shrugs, a wide grin stretching over his features. “You know I’m right.”“You’re being rude, which is exactly what Mister Stark said not to do. Actually, now that I think about it, I think he sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
basically rogues & current avengers
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
the rogues return
Mentions Injury
peter parker is healing from a near death experience
Harley Keener is a Good Boyfriend
ned and mj are great friends
tony is protective of his family
steve and nat are very confused
Protective Tony Stark
miles morales is babey
Rogue Avengers Redemption
after some bullshittery tho
minor internalized homophobia (mr steve raised in the 30s rogers)
bucky deserves the world and i will give it to him
harley and peter are so ooey gooey and i love them
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Harley Keener
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF May Parker
all the parents tell steve off and its greay
tony also tells steve off and its even better
peter ALSO tells steve off and its the BEST

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
basically rogues & current avengers
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

