Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text
Steve gets up for the day when he hears the very slight, hardly perceptible whine that Lady gives just for him. The two of them have an agreement about waking Bucky up before it's necessary, because for all that Bucky fits right into life at the cabin like he’s always belonged here, he's never been a morning person. Brushing a kiss to Bucky's cheek, Steve eases himself out of bed and watches as Bucky's nose scrunches up in a frown and he burrows deeper into the blankets. The fall chill is just starting to set in overnight, the mornings a perfect 53* before the sun manages to heat up the afternoons. Padding across the wooden floor, Steve opens the bedroom door and goes to feed Lady before she starts flopping on the ground and pretending she's starving to death. "Morning, pretty girl," he mutters, giving her a quick pet. "Come on. Food, then walk."Lady barks with quiet enthusiasm, following him to the kitchen and sitting patient as can be while Steve measures out her morning kibble into her bowl. She sets on it the second Steve withdraws the scoop, crunching noisily, and he leaves her to it while he gets the coffee maker going. He won't actually have a cup until they come back from their walk, but Bucky will probably get up in the interim, and he always wants coffee first thing. Prepping a couple of other things for breakfast, Steve sets out some bacon to thaw on the counter and steps out briefly to collect some eggs. By the time he's got everything he needs ready by the stove, Lady is finished eating, licking her chops and hovering pointedly by the door. "Okay, okay," he murmurs, grabbing his jacket. "Let's go."The temperature has dropped, the days getting shorter, but the leaves haven't started changing yet. It's going to be a beautiful day, the sky clear and blue as the sun climbs higher. When Steve and Lady return from their walk, Bucky is standing over the sink with a mug clutched in his hands, sipping his coffee and squinting out the kitchen window."Don't suppose you got breakfast started," Steve teases. "Nuh uh," mumbles Bucky, slurping loudly.Steve huffs a laugh, unbothered, and turns to hang up his jacket as Lady prances over to greet Bucky, pressing her whole body against Bucky's legs until he gets with the program and starts petting her. "Morning, beautiful, such a good girl. Did Steve feed you? Lucky. He hasn't fed me at all yet."That draws a real laugh out of Steve and he comes over and plants a kiss on Bucky's cheek. "Bacon and eggs sound good?""Mmm, yes, please." He grins up at Steve, eyes still crinkled and puffy with sleep. "Thanks.""You're welcome, honey." Steve gives him another quick peck and then shoos him away. "Go sit at the table."Steve makes quick work of breakfast, the routine easy and comfortable. He makes breakfast for Bucky almost every morning and even ten months in, nearly eleven, the novelty still hasn't worn off. Bucky is here, with him. Bucky is his and he's Bucky's. He's not sure he ever figured he'd have something like this in his life, even back during the war. The fantasy of settling down with Peggy one day was always so distant, so...fantastical. He couldn't ever see how his life might work out to let him have any peace. But in the end, life made sure he found Bucky and that Bucky found him. Funny how things work out. Once he's done cooking, Steve plates up heaping servings for them both and places them on the table. He puts the salt and pepper next to Bucky, tops off his coffee, and then sits down. "You still want to head into town today?"Bucky picks up the pepper, shaking it out over his eggs. "Yeah, I wrote on the calendar that today is the last Saturday they're doing the farmer's market. I looked up seasonal produce for New York in September and there's so much. Plus, if prices are good enough, I might get enough for us to can."While Steve makes them breakfast every single morning, they trade off lunch and dinner duty, and Bucky has taken over pretty much everything else food-related, spending the entire summer learning how to can preserves and jam, pickle vegetables, and ferment just about anything under the sun. He even learned how to make cheese and churn butter, which led to an attempt to figure out if they could have a cow or a goat in addition to the chickens. Ultimately, they concluded that they'd need to tear down the current shed and build an actual barn, so they decided to build an addition to the cabin instead to use as Steve's studio and Bucky's workroom before tearing down the shed. It's a project in its infancy and Steve's not sure he'll get it done before winter sets in, but he's got plans."Oh yeah?" encourages Steve, tearing into a slice of Bucky's sourdough bread and dunking it into the yolk of his eggs. "Jam?""Peach freezer jam," says Bucky. "Nectarines, maybe. Plums, raspberries, watermelon... Grapes. Definitely pumpkins. What am I forgetting?"Steve shrugs, shoveling eggs into his mouth. Bucky scoffs. "You're n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Cabin Fic
Age Difference
Steve is 33
Bucky is 21
Lumberjack Steve Rogers
Shrunkyclunks
CapSeptender
Farmer's Market
Established Relationship
Relationship Negotiation
Kink Negotiation
Anal Sex
Communication
Marathon Sex
Dry Orgasm
Cock Rings
Anal Plug
Oral Sex
Brief Mention of Past Sex Work
Multiple Orgasms
Felching
Rimming
Enthusiastic Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

