Work Text:
By the third time Steve witnesses the horrible sight that is Bucky trying to rip his own arm off in the midst of an anxiety attack, Steve knows something has to be done. Bucky knows, when he’s of a rational mind, that yanking the bionic limb off isn’t as simple as it sounds. In fact, it’s downright lethal; Stark’s son, Tony, had already run an entire diagnostics on him with the help of his friend, Dr. Banner, and was able to determine that the wiring ran far deeper than merely where the scar tissue outlining his shoulder connected the weapon to his body.There are dozens of nerve endings woven in and between the makeup of that fucking arm. That fucking screaming siren that tells the world Property of Hydra, even though Steve insists to him all the time that that isn’t true, not anymore. Stark and Banner had told him a lot of medical mumbo jumbo, little of which he understood, but this much he knows for certain: it was a chaotic surgical nightmare underneath all the scar tissue and flesh. If Bucky somehow succeeded in tearing the limb from his body, he’d be yanking out a whole lot more than just a metal contraption – and he could potentially bleed out within seconds, especially given that the whole mess is on the side closest to his heart. Despite whatever Bucky may think sometimes, the fact is, he’s still got one – beating and alive – and it makes him human. Human enough that it could get fucked with real bad if everything beneath Bucky’s skin attached to that goddamn fucking arm is too disturbed, much less shredded.But the problem is, Bucky’s mind is only rational about as often as it’s irrational, and these days, that’s only about a good seventy percent of the time – maybe eighty, because he likes to think he’s been doing better. He’s long since regained all his memories back; that isn’t the problem. He’s also been seeing a S.H.I.E.L.D-appointed therapist (the same therapist Steve had been saddled with upon awaking from the ice, how ironic) for the past four months, and in the last two of those, he’d finally felt comfortable opening up. So that’s not an issue either.It’s the flashbacks. It’s the flashbacks and the fucking nightmares. It’s the times when he suddenly blacks out and everything that makes him Bucky goes on hiatus. Sometimes it’s for only a few seconds - other times, whole minutes. In the beginning, he felt a lot like a tightrope walker, narrowly keeping his balance on the fine line between the Bucky Barnes Steve had grown up knowing and the Asset he’d been for what felt like far longer than that. In the beginning, he'd refused to go by any name other than James as he struggled to figure out who this knew person inside of his head was. Every day had been a struggle as he’d be caught up in a dance he always felt three steps behind in, where one second, he was Bucky from Brooklyn, only to have something trigger the Soviet Assassin still very much residing within him.In the beginning, he was more the Soldier than the man. Then with time, the part of him that was still human started to gain back more of his strength, and it took less time to reign him back in and resurrect Bucky – James Barnes. Steve was, and still is, a large help in this process. The rest of the Avengers, who’d been weary of him at first but still protected him and aimed to help, if only for Steve’s sake, also assisted in getting him back on track. Bucky appreciated the way Stark would let him hang out in his labs while he fiddled away on ‘science experiments’ and chatted Bucky’s ear off, even if the latter rarely understood everything he was saying. Or how Sam had started inviting Bucky out for morning jogs, where the two bonded over their ritual of picking up Starbucks and then chatting over a morning bagel whenever it was over.Dr. Banner, with all his pent-up rage that Bucky understood well, helped Bucky work through a list of failed attempts at mental relaxation until they found something for him that actually worked. Yoga had been the first suggestion, but Bucky only got frustrated when he couldn’t nail some of the more difficult poses in the first try. He had Bucky try knitting, deprivation tanks (which were meant to be soothing but that had been a shit show and a half), and even origami. Turns out the thing that now centers Bucky is cooking. (So it’s not uncommon for Steve to return home to their shared floor in the Avengers Tower to find the counters covered in different sweets or dishes, none of which have any connection or theme. Steve always eats them all, even if he’s not hungry.)Natasha helped him embrace the part of him that was and always would be Russian, even if not by blood, as well as providing him a gateway - a reminder - of something from his past that he trusted another person could understand completely. Barton also helped in that respect. Natasha knew what it was like to be broken down and turned into a shell of a thing you were never meant to be, but Barton knew first-hand what it felt like to o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Reference to The Avengers but we don't actually see them
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Prompt Fic
Praise Kink
Metal Arm Kink
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Established Relationship
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Reference to Bottom Bucky
Reference to Top Steve
Dirty Talk
Subspace
Painting
Paint Kink
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Minor Violence
Minor Self-Inflicted Violence
Fluff and Angst
Porn With Plot
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

