Work Text:
  Darcy Meets Tony Darcy Lewis was bored. She stood watching Science! happen, and Jane was in her element discussing her research with the crowd that surrounded her. Beaming with happiness that she had someone other than Erik who understood her, because while Darcy was filled with awesome-ness she was not filled with astrophysics-ness. People moved past them and generally attempted to look busy, but ended up looking more like headless chickens, Darcy observed. They are being so obvious, she snickered internally. They had nothing to do earlier and as soon as those two show up they suddenly are invaluable workers.
 
She watched the two new people in the room. One was a face that everyone knew, at least everyone in this room should know, especially considering they were in his giant penis tower. Tony Stark was actually shorter than she imagined, he was only around five inches taller than her 5’5 frame. She pictured him as the media giant that the general populous considered him and she was pleasantly surprised at his rather short stature. Well he wasn’t short. He just wasn’t as Tall as imagined. The other man that was with him was slightly shorter, around an inch and a half. He had a calm countenance and nodded along peacefully while Jane and Tony ‘Freaking’ Stark looked like spazzing kittens chasing after a ball of yarn. Darcy felt the sudden need to get some yarn and see what happens if it’s the only thing in a room full of scientist. Probably end up discovering some unknown law of physics.
 
She sighed. Darcy hated having time to waste, she ended up thinking, and she always hated where her thoughts went. It was one of the reasons she switched her major so many times, she hated being bored and the unknown always was exciting and pushed away the thoughts. Jane thought that Darcy was just a kid that didn’t know anything, but how to party and how to make any shitty coffee maker produce magic in the form of coffee so delicious that Starbucks would weep in envy. But what Jane didn’t know was that Darcy had about 4 different degrees that she never finished. Well she probably did know and it made her think that Darcy was indecisive and flighty. Darcy had 4 almost completed degrees in Mechanical Engineering, Computer Systems Engineering, Anthropology, and Political Science.

 She was only a few credits away from finishing all of them. She didn’t leave those majors because they were too hard; she left them because she lost interest. They were all fun in the beginning but by the end they were boring and too easy, they become part of the known and as such lost the initial excitement that enticed Darcy. 
Maybe I should finish them and find a job. Stark Industries has one of the highest ratings of employee satisfaction and I doubt I’ll be bored with creating things like the Mark VI and the Iron Patriot.
 Darcy was also pretty good at hacking (an ex taught her that, the same one that convinced her to enter Computer Systems – didn’t last long, he got arrested for getting caught hacking into NASA… amateur). Due to her awesome she had rebuilt Jane’s equipment when she wasn’t looking to make them better as well as to be able to capture sensitive data without warping the results. She pulled at her sweater and then panicked at the thought that her mark was showing. It wasn’t. Damn it! She was doing so well, but as usual her thoughts ended up on her soulmate. I wonder who he is? Almost all of Darcy’s classmates posted on Facebook that they found the one who matched their mark. Even the ones with obscure ones like ‘Hey’ or ‘Nice to meet you.’ How hard was it to find hers? Its not like it’s a common sentence, So you’re the one that makes magic from Duct Tape?
 
The sentence was wrapped around her collarbone delicately curving in gentle swoops. She assumed it was a man for two reasons.      She liked men (really liked men, girls just didn’t do it for her she learned in college).
     The handwriting was masculine, cramped, and looked hastily written.
 She had spent hours tracing the writing and memorizing it. Her mother teased her that she was sure that if she ever saw his handwriting Darcy would recognize it from how long she spent gazing at her mark.
 
Darcy imagined millions of replies and was terrified that when the moment came she would end up saying “Yup” and her soulmate not realizing its her. “Darcy!” She was startled from her musings by Jane’s sharp voice. As she looked at her face she wondered what was wrong since Jane looked unhappy. Maybe Stark found a mistake and tried to make her cry. That was the latest news that came from the R&D department; Stark made a female engineer cry and (reportedly) said, “What the hell is this? A second grader could make better results than this! Who let you pretend engineer? You’re really an assistant aren’t you?” But Stark wasn’t even near Jane; he was wandering looking at machines and at one point was elbows deep in the equipment looking like a surgeon.  Jane didn’t look like s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Thor/Sif/Hogun
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Mean Jane
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane lies!
Jane Foster Bashing
Character Bashing
OOC
Don't Like Don't Read
Animated GIFs

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Thor/Sif/Hogun
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

