Work Text:

Peter couldn’t understand how people could hate Tony Stark. And he was a genius. Tony Stark, sure had a rough past, but everyone falls their hardest before doing a complete 180 and living their life to their very best. And when Tony Stark hit his lowest point in Afghanistan and donned the armor, he owned up to his entire past. He always believed that there would always be red in his ledger, even if it wasn’t true. Which, for the record was.  
 
Peter, and the older man had bonded very closely, sometimes calling each other “dad” and “Peter, you’re my kiddo”. Tony Stark was an essentially happy man. That was until the damn Sokovia Accords were presented. And everything spiraled downhill. 
 
Friendships were broken. Some beyond repair. At least, that’s what it felt like. An empty void in the hearts of what used to be the mightest team on the planet. It felt wrong, waking up in a place that you knew so well, but the people who belonged there, even if they didn’t, weren’t there. Everyone went their separate ways, and to each, their own blame. 
 
One man who struggled with the guilt, the loss, the pain, and the betrayal, was Tony Stark. 
 
All he wanted was to make the world a better place. 
 
Become the fullest version of himself. 
 
Make up for his mistakes-Ultron. 
 
God, Ultron haunted him every single night, but it was karma, for creating a mass murder bot. 
 
All, the great Tony Stark wanted to try and make the world a better place, and he let go of his ego, the one thing the world seemed to hate him for, to negotiate with the government. 
 
Also, whenever the world seemed to blame the Avengers, who fought as a group effort, they only seemed to pick on Tony, making him feel like an utter piece of crap? Why? Was it because of his playboy days that he fully recovered from? Or you just couldn’t blame Captain America? Or why not Ultron himself? It’s not like you can program evil, he looked into the entire world’s global access and then decided. 
 
All things Peter would use against the haters. 
 
All Steve Rogers had to do was not start a whole criminal chase, and everything would have been okay. But noo, Steve Rogers does whatever he wants, with simply no regards for the consequences!
 
If that wasn’t America right there, the enhanced teenager would punch his ex-second favorite hero in his unreasonably perfect Brooklyn teeth. Actually, he had a whole bunch to say to all the Rogue Avengers, and he’d be sure to put them exactly in their place. 
 
Long story short, if Peter Parker ever saw Steve Rogers again, he’d give him a taste of some PSAs. 
 
And he’d get the opportunity, very shortly. 
..... 
The Rogue Avengers, ex-Avengers, whatever you want to call them could really use some help because they found something that resembled Tony’s dream of “something more being out there”, and let’s face it, what are the Avengers without Tony Stark? Long story short, they have been tracking readings of alien life form, except they aren’t the Chitauri, and basically, they need help. And what’s the World’s Mightest Heroes without Tony Stark?
 

Nothing, that’s for sure.

 
They were awkwardly shuffling around the large common room, for some reason FRIDAY hadn’t said anything except for a light greeting, which was more than surprisingly expecting the AI to curse them out, throw them out, and threaten them along some form. 
 
They avoided detection, which would have been 

really

 awkward, and to their utmost shock saw a curly-haired teenage boy who couldn’t have been older than eighteen. The Rogue Avengers could only look at each other in confusion. 
 
Who was this young-faced boy?
 
Maybe an intern? Natasha recalled Tony did have a youth program he started in 2016 for young, genius minds who wanted to make the world an even better of a place. 
 
Wanda had no comment merely confused as to why this boy had such a high level of clearance. 
 
Clint just looked plainly at the boy who didn’t look remotely like Stark, too cute the father in him was screaming, and could blink at them plainly. Kinda felt like they’ve met before, but just can’t place the finger on it. 
 
Sam and Bucky were talking about how weird the kid was just standing there, getting an angry glare and a jab from Wanda. 
 
Steve knew of his ex-colleague's playboy days and could assume, “Are you Stark’s kid? A one-night stand?”
 
The way the word “Stark” rolled off Steve’s tongue as if he was spitting venom at someone who he needed help from. Pfft, as if. 
 
Peter blinked speaking lowly but firmly at the same time, “You’re the Rogue Avengers.” The way the words rolled off his tongue wasn’t a question, or have the usual excitement of an over-hyped fam. The teenager said it as if it was a casual thing to walk into a living room that most definitely wasn’t his (yes it was) and see a few Avengers. 
 
The next few moments were silent, everyone just awkwardly staring at each other until Clint mumbled, “Hawkward.” 
 
Natasha and Wanda gave Clint looks who merel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker meets the Rogue Avengers
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker yells at team cap
Civil War Team Iron Man
cap is mean
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Yelling
Anger
summaries work better trust me

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

