Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve's Play List:Perturbator - Shadow Force '84
Bryan Ferry - Is Your Love Strong Enough?
Queens Of The Stone Age - I Am Designer
Nine Inch Nails - All Time Low
Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence
The Who - Behind Blue Eyes "Ugh, this page is fucking killing me," Nat whines over Skype. Steve smiles and sits back, looking over the page he's just pencilled, flexing the fingers of his drawing hand. "That bad?" he asks.Natasha huffs dramatically. "I never have this kind of hassle when I colour your pages, Rogers. Honestly, Hill is a goddamn sadist and I'm her masochist, except I'm totally not getting off on this." Nat is working as a colourist on the comic book series Steve is currently drawing and a limited series with Maria Hill, probably the most anal artist Steve has ever met, and he's pretty anal about his own work.Steve has been working as a full-time comic artist for two years now, after about three  years of working part-time in a supermarket and drawing his ass off the rest of the time, finally getting a chance to do some fill-in pages for a small comic publisher and working on a million other projects. He's been working on his first big series for the last four months with Nat. He still has to pinch himself now and again to remind himself that he's doing what he always dreamed about for a living.Steve was reluctant to talk to Natasha Romanov when they first started working together nearly two years ago on a terrible four issue series; not because he didn't like her, but because he was too damn shy and she had a reputation for being far too cool.  He had managed to stave her off with emails for as long as possible until she demanded a Skype conversation to talk about another project they'd been working on. Much to Steve's surprise, they had hit it off straight away, conversations coming easy and an online friendship had soon struck up. Nat is hilarious and blunt and it didn't take her long to figure him out and decide that they were a good working team as well as friends. He had finally met her face to face at a comic con they were both guests at and she had batted away his out-stretched hand and pulled him into a hug so hard, Steve had bitten his tongue.Steve and Nat talk a lot over Skype while they work; being a freelance comic book artist is a great job but can get kind of cabin fever-inducing. Half the time they're online, they barely even talk, just work and occasionally remember that the other is there at the other end of the line, Nat often piping in with insults about his music tastes and Steve telling her to fuck off, but he notices that she always turns off whatever she is listening to and lets Steve play his own stuff. Steve lives alone so Skyping and Facebook messaging (mainly with Nat and his editor, Sam,) are his main source of human contact given his heavy workload, which is pretty damn sad. Mrs Nesbit, the old lady who lives on the first floor that Steve sometimes picks up groceries for, doesn't count as she's constantly trying to set him up with her granddaughter, some Harvard student called Peggy, and every conversation he has with her always seems to steer towards that awkward subject."Well, the pages you'll get off of me this week are pretty simple. There's like one whole double-page spread that's just a snowfield," he replies, considering a panel.He can hear the smile in Nat's voice when she answers. "That's what I love about you, Steve; your minimalism."Steve laughs and picks up his mechanical pencil again. He hears clattering in the background and Clint, Natasha's husband, shouts from their kitchen."Tell Steve his artwork in issue 3 gave me a boner.""Clint says you gave him a boner," Nat says nonchalantly."Yeah, thanks Clint," Steve shouts back.There's some shuffling on the other end and Clint's voice, louder, at Nat's desk. "Honestly dude, that issue was like AMAZING. You are one talented son of a bitch."Steve grins and rubs a hand on the back of his neck, "Well, it was okay but I still need to work on my - "Clint and Nat groan together. "Rogers, for fuck's sake - take a goddamn compliment," Clint says. "Just say, "Thanks Clint." Say it."Steve sighs and smiles. "Thanks Clint. Thank you.""Better. Stop being so modest, you're making the rest of us assholes look bad." There's a beat of silence and then Clint gives a laugh. "Steve, what the fuck are you listening to? It sounds like a bad 80s action film."Nat groans. "It's that Retro New Wave junk he's obsessed with.""Hey," Steve says mock defensively, "Perturbator and Power Glove are fucking geniuses, so you can both go and shove it." Nat and Clint snort in unison, one of the many weird symbiotic things they do that freaks Steve out."You just like anything that sounds like old videogame music, you uber-nerd," Nat says but not unkindly."Well, on that note," says Clint and Steve hears him kiss Nat. "See you later, gorgeous. You too, Nat." Natasha tuts and Steve laughs. He hears her apartment door slam shut."Wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Fluff
Comics
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Self Confidence Issues
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe
Lots of dorkiness
Panic Attacks
Slurs
Mentions of self-harm
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

