Chapter 1: August 20th
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Sir, it may be wise to notify Captain Rogers of your yearly drinking holiday,” Jarvis suggested as Tony threw back another shot. The scotch burned his throat as it made its way down to his stomach and Tony ignored his AI in favor of feeling that burn. But, once that burn was gone, Tony dropped his gaze and stared guiltily at the glass bottle. Everyone thought Tony had been sober for the last two years but none of them knew about August 20th or what it did to Tony. On that exact date, every year, Tony could not hold back and was usually piss-ass drunk by the end of the night...Before the Avengers, he never worried about hiding it from anyone. No one questioned why he drank so much on this particular date. They all assumed it was a part of his usual bad, drinking habits and no one, not even Pepper, noticed one of his bad nights always occurred annually.After becoming Iron Man, and more so after the Avengers formed, Tony started getting his act together. He only drank when appropriate and made sure no one was around on August 20th so they would not see how bad he got.He gave up alcohol altogether when he started dating Steve, with the exception of August 20th.August 20th would never change.It was not too hard to hide it from everyone, even Steve. The first year in their relationship, Tony said he had to go to California for business and Steve, his wonderfully trusting boyfriend, believed him. Leaving Tony to feel like more of an ass as he guzzled down his three bottles of vodka.He had not fooled Pepper, who knew his entire schedule better than Tony. He had to beg her on his hands and knees to not tell Steve. She assumed he only did it to drink. She assumed it was a lapse in his recovery. She did not know there was more to the story. She only agreed not to tell Steve if he promised to use a Breathalyzer daily so she could make sure he did not go back on the wagon.He readily agreed and luckily she stopped it after a few months.Last August 20th, he had to go about it a different route. If he left the Tower, Pepper would notice and if he stayed Steve would check in on him.Steve seemed to care if he ate regularly and got enough sleep…things like that made him feel like Steve was too good for Tony.Tony solved the Pepper and Steve problem by staying at the Tower and gifting Steve with a two day trip to Los Angeles to go to Dodgers’ Stadium and watch a game. In the 1940s, the team had belonged to Brooklyn and had been Steve’s team. Steve ecstatically accepted the gift (a rarity when it came to Steve who usually hated lavish gifts) but he was not too happy to hear that Tony would not be joining him.“I have to do an emergency fix to the armor,” Tony had lied last minute. “I noticed something wrong with the code. It’ll take me all day to figure out. If I don’t work on it now, a super villain will show up and my armor will stop working in the middle of the fight!”Steve believed him because he trusted him. Yet the super soldier almost did not go until he suggested Steve take Bucky with him. The Winter Solider was still having a hard time with his memories and the trip might do him good. Steve wholeheartedly agreed and thanked Tony.Cue guilt fest.Steve offered to stay behind but Tony insisted he go. After a lot of goading, Steve eventually relented and Tony freed August 20th to drink the night away. Jarvis made sure to make a number of quips about his drinking and lying to Steve but Tony weathered through it.When Steve came back, Tony almost told him everything. He probably would have if Steve had not silenced Tony’s inane mumbling with a heated kiss. After that, everything fell back into place and Tony pretended the August 20th treachery did not happen.His third August 20th with Steve, Tony decided to take a risk: he would drink at the Tower with Steve in the building. He held off on drinking all day and spent all his time with Steve. By the end of the night, Tony slipped away and told Steve to go to bed without him. Steve did but told him to not spend all night in the lab.Tony promised and the lie burned his throat. He was going to drink all night to catch up on the time he missed. His mouth was dry since he woke and he needed to quench his thirst.When Jarvis suggested he tell Steve, the guilt doubled. With this shame, he was going to have two reasons to drink soon.“I’m nah telling him,” Tony slurred to his AI. He was already well into his drinking and his tongue felt heavier.He got off his workbench and stumbled over to the box which contained his meager supply. He had it discreetly shipped to him the day prior and had to pay extra to have it labeled as “spare parts.”He forwent the half empty bottle of whiskey and picked up the barely touched vodka. He hefted the bottle up and whispered, “Oh hello, my love.”The bottle was already open, he had started off the night with a couple of shots, and he took a swig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Stony - Freeform
Family
Family Secrets
Relationship(s)
Drinking to Cope
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Tony
Parent Mary Parker
Hurt/Comfort
After Movie
Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

