Chapter 1: Snap
    




Chapter Text
Thanos believes himself a genius. Some might agree, some might not. It doesn't negate the fact he is, truly, intelligent."Spare his life... and I will give you the stone."He's a master strategist. He's built an army from nothing. He has lead people into his beliefs, convinced them to obey. Convinced them to revere him and to think him a god. He built a daughter out of parts and another out of fear. He's spent his lifetime scouring the universe for ways to fix it.The wizard was in possession of the time stone and Thanos knows better than most the extent of its power. To make this one request. Well. Thanos isn't obtuse, he can read between the lines. See behind the words.In his mind, there is nothing that can defeat him. There is nothing that can stop a quest for justice. But."You should have gone for the head," he tells the lesser god.He snaps his fingers and one name rings loud above his request."Wipe away half of everything.""Wipe away Tony Stark."If anyone could be an obstacle, it's the man of metal; Earth's mightiest defender.Thanos is good to his word. When it benefits him.No loose strings; wrap everything up in a neat little bow and nothing can take this success from him.Thousand and thousands of miles away in a different solar system, the Guardians fade to dust.Mantis. Drax. Quill."Tony, there was no other way," Stephen says as he joins them."Mr. Stark?"Tony turns to the boy, fear filling his heart. When he quickly looks him over, all of him is still intact. He takes two steps forward and stumbles.Peter reaches out and grabs him, his arms wrapping around his waist."Mr. Stark? Are you - what's - please don't go, please.""It's okay, kid, it's okay."His vision blurs, but he can see Peter crying. He wants to reach out for him but his arm won't respond. It's not there anymore.Peter lays him on the ground carefully, his tears dripping onto his mentor's cheeks. His hands flutter over his chest but it breaks apart beneath his touch."Please don't leave me, please, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Peter sobs as Tony's body fades."I-" his mouth moves to speak, but he's gone before he can say his last words.Peter falls forward into the empty space, his ashes staining his hands. He curls his fingers into the dirt and screams into the void. When his throat hurts and forces him to stop, he sobs and rubs at his cheeks. The ash spreads across his sweat-stained skin."He did it."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Paker & Nebula
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
a what-if fic
IronMom
Irondad
Big Brother Peter Parker
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
BAMF!Peter Paker
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Pepper Potts
Eventual Happy Ending
Not anti-rogues
but not pro-rogues either
Peter's bitter
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
PTSD
EDITH - Freeform
Ficlets
Tony is Dusted
Peter wasn't
No Romance
We platonic to the end
Pro-Sokovia Accords
sorta - Freeform
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Paker & Nebula
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

