Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 Stiles had expected it really. After the Nogitsune and later Donovan, his pack hadn’t really been his pack. He had expected it but that didn’t make it any easier to deal with the hurt and grief. The pain of his pack bonds breaking had been excruciating and he’s sure that without his spark, he wouldn’t have stayed as sane as he was. Why couldn’t Scott understand that it was his dad’s life at stake? Nobody believed him when he said that it was self defence. And none of “the pack” listened to him when he begged them to see his side of the story, ruining years of friendship for someone who had just come back, someone like Theo.
The week after he was kicked out of the pack by the righteous “True Alpha” had been hard on him with nobody even attempting to contact him. None of the people that he had been ready to give his life for had stuck with him. His 'best friend and brother' had been the one to betray his trust the most. But in that week he decided that he wouldn’t back down, he would stay strong and he would train himself to be better. His dad had been supportive, believing him and believing in him. It made his heart ache with joy and elation that his dad would never leave his side but it also saddened him that the decision he was going to make would take him away from his dad. But the god damned town was leeching the life out of him, his magic was suffering in that town and he couldn’t afford to lose a part of himself.
He sat down with his dad and explained to him that he just couldn’t cope with all the grief and the hurt when he stayed on in the town. He told his dad everything for the first time after the supernatural shit entered his life. He broke down when he relived how many times he had put his life on the line, thrown himself into battle, knowing that the bruises, broken bones and everything wouldn’t heal on his human body. He told his dad about the amount of times that he had saved or at least tried his best to save every member of the pack. And even after all that he had done for them, they chose to believe in someone else’s story. He let it all out and his dad held him through it all, the warmth and homely feeling of hugging his dad and breathing in his scent bringing some semblance of calm.
Noah wondered how anybody could ever not see how loyal and brave and good his son was. He was angry, seething at how the people that his son had called his family could turn his back on him when he needed it the most. Ever since the Nogitsune, Noah had seen his son spiral down into loneliness. He had watched as none of the members of his so called pack ever came to meet him. He did his best to be with his son and comfort him. And then, after Donovan had been killed (and he believed his boy that it had been self defence, because Stiles would never do anything without reason) his friends had abandoned him as if he had meant nothing to them. And at that time he vowed to be there for his only son every step of the way in any and all forms that he could.
When Stiles had told his father about his spark, his magic, the wonder and pride that had been reflected in his dad’s eyes had been one of the most welcoming feelings he had felt after the possession. He sometimes wondered whether it was his spark that had attracted the dark Kitsune, but there was nothing he could do now to right all the wrongs that his body had committed. The guilt destroyed him from the inside every time he closed his eyes and there was nothing that he could do to alleviate it. And the pack’s less than friendly attitude was just cementing the feeling. If it hadn’t been for his dad’s constant presence and comfort, he wouldn’t have been standing here. When the pack had learned about his spark, the disgust he had seen shocked him to say the least. He watched as they openly discussed the fact that his magic was surely dark and a result of the possession. His magic, that had comforted him when he concentrated on the warmth and buzzed with energy much like his own couldn’t be anything but light and true. He watched as the redhead he had at some time worshipped and recently had forged a deep friendship with, suggested taking him to Deaton so that they could research ways to remove his Spark so that he wouldn’t hurt anybody. But it hurt him to see his ex-friends not caring about the fact that he could lose his life if his magic was taken out. Anger had bubbled up inside him and he had stormed out after every window and glass in the room had exploded in the face of his anger.
And all that lead him to his current decision. He was moving out of Beacon Hills. He would continue his high school in New York, although he could graduate a lot earlier if he put his mind to it and that was exactly what he planned to do. Noah wasn’t sure about the move, but if that was what it took for Stiles to heal from all the trauma he carried around, then he would support his son, because in the end it was Stiles' happiness that matter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stiles Stilinski & Avengers Team
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Peter Parker/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stiles Stilinski is Pushed Out of the Pack
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Mage Stiles Stilinski
Good Parent Sheriff Stilinski
Scott McCall (Teen Wolf) is a Failwolf
Bad Friend Scott McCall (Teen Wolf)
BAMF Stiles
BAMF Sheriff Stilinski
BAMF Avengers
i don't know what to tag
Bad Friend Lydia Martin
I'm Bad At Tagging
Spark Stiles Stilinski
Stiles Stilinski and Avengers Team
Avengers and teen wolf crossover
Stiles Stilinski Leaves Beacon Hills
The pack is the worst
Domestic Avengers
Stiles Stilinski is adopted by the Avengers
Strong Stiles Stilinski
Bisexual Stiles Stilinski
Stiles is a Badass
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Stiles Stilinski Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
they make up
Fluff and Humor
Peter and Stiles are pining
They are oblivious
but they love each other - Freeform
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Awesome Michelle Jones
BAMF Michelle Jones
Protective Michelle Jones
She's all knowing
BAMF Peter Parker
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
I love Peter Parker and Tom Holland a lot okay?
Peter Parker is Trying His Best

fandom: 
Stiles Stilinski & Avengers Team
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Peter Parker/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

