Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
1. The first time Steve and Tony saw Bucky was during the first part of October, when the fall weather was finally making the air a bit crisp in the mornings and the days a nice temperature in the mid sixties. The delivery man was still wearing layers, and it made sense to the two considering the Omega was thin as a rail - way too damned skinny for his broad shouldered body. Steve, an Alpha, was outside their restaurant, called the Hangry Pasta, wiping down one of the windows, and it wasn’t yet mid morning, right before their lunch rush. “Um… this is 135 South Street, right?” Came a gravely voice from behind Steve, who was parked on the sidewalk as he wiped down the window. Bucky looked the Alpha up and down nervously, noting that he was tall, broad in way too many places, and was definitely droolworthy in a set of black slacks, red sweater that bulged at the seams, and his hair was gold as the sun on top, but ironically brown on the sides. He had the biggest, dreamy blue eyes Bucky had ever seen, and oh boy, did that pose as a problem for Bucky. A big one. Steve blinked. Turning around, he spotted the most adorable grungy looking Omega he’d ever seen or smelled in his life. Granted, the poor guy needed one serious bath and a new set of clothes, but Steve was hooked, line, and sinker. If Steve hadn’t been married for six years to the love of his life, Tony, also an Alpha, he would have been sorely tempted to try and flirt with the man. As it was, the Omega looked edgy, pissed off, and having the general look of not being paid enough for this shit or any shit for that matter.Long brown hair tugged up into a manbun, undercut beginning right above the ears, stubble that looked like it hadn’t been trimmed in a few days graced his slightly cleffed chin, icy blue eyes that were glowering daggers at anything that moved in the near vicinity, and oh heavens, he was wearing PLAID. A worn, but still in ok condition black and red plaid button up shirt that looked a bit too big for him, a black frayed shirt underneath, a pair of jeans that had seen way too many washes and half assed repairs, beat up black skater shoes, and a set of black fingerless gloves. Yep. Steve’s mind was definitely interested, and his body was too. Catching himself gaping like a stupid knothead, Steve coughed lightly and finally took note of the groceries in one of the guy’s hands and in the other a phone signalling Google Maps. Oh, this guy must be the delivery person from their new shipping service they had just hired. Wiping his hands off with a towel, Steve offered his hand in greeting, showing a big smile.“Yes it is. You must be Jonus?” Steve asked, ever one to be polite.Bucky blinked and scowled even more. Damnit, the app failed again. “Bucky,” He grit out angrily. He was so going to have a beef with the IT guy again. “My name is Bucky. App is shit.”“Okay, then. I’ll have to remember that. I am good with faces, names, not so much,” Steve offered with a small awkward laugh. “My name is Steve Rogers, and I own the restaurant with my husband Tony Stark.”“Good for you,” Bucky bit out sarcastically. Shit, he so did not need to “people” before ten a.m. Why the hell did Fury think it was a good idea to give him a morning shift in the first place? Blinking a bit owlishly at the Alpha’s startled look, he flushed, feeling a bit awkward and abashed by his irritableness. “Sorry. Just, been a long day already.”“Oh it’s ok! I get it. Not many people around here like mornings, myself included,” Steve admitted, not being able to resist sniffing the air and scenting Bucky slightly. Bucky noticed and stiffened, his scent going from awkwardly embarrassed back to irritable. He finally noticed the Alpha’s outstretched hand and handed over the groceries instead of shaking it. Bucky knew he was being rude as fuck, but damn, he was hungry, tired, and needed coffee. And unfortunately the only food he had with him was half of a poptart, of which had to do him all day until he got home, due to rent jacking up the prices yet again. Bucky hated being dirt poor. But, at least he had a roof over his head. Even if that meant he had to eat basically ramen for a few weeks straight and a few cans of soup or beans. Coffee wasn’t a luxury he could afford. And he was NOT going to drink the free rot gut coffee they served at the food banks nearby. Bucky may be desperate, but he wasn’t THAT desperate.Steve took the groceries and asked hesitantly, “Do I need to sign anything?”“Nope, got it. Thanks,” Bucky said, fiddling with his phone to select delivery had been made. He was getting ready to turn and walk away, when a small brunette Alpha with the tightest, sauciest ass, came waltzing out of the door to the restaurant, a black apron saying ‘Too Hangry for Your Shit’ on it, and Bucky had to stifle a snort in amusement. Tony leaned up and gave his Alpha husband a peck on the cheek, whi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
stuckony
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Stony
eventual stuckony
Delivery Person Bucky
Restaurant Owners Steve & Tony
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve
Alpha Tony
Omega Bucky - Freeform
Explicit Sexual Content
Knotting
Tooth-rotting-fluff
Angst
crack humor
Mother Hen Steve & Tony
They just want to wrap poor Bucky in a thousand blankets
And feed him pasta or soup
Jilted and Jaded Bucky
Adorable but Irritable Bucky
Bucky is not a morning person
Also he cannot human before coffee
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bucky and Tonys asses are to Steve like water is to a golden retriever
He just cant resist
very small mentions of past domestic abuse
hints at minor character abuse
Future Mpreg
like way way way down the line
eventual kidnapping
pierce is an evil sob
Brock is a good bro
sam is a good bro
all our exes live in texas or apparently new york
zemo is a manipulative bastard
BAMF Bucky
Buckys poor dislocated thumb
Badguy Minor Character Death
Future Masterchef Contestant Bucky

fandom: 
stuckony
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

