Chapter 1: Day One- Shaky hands
    




Chapter Text
The party is too fancy for Peter’s tastes if he’s being honest. The ceiling is sprinkled with ginormous, golden, chandeliers, and the marble floors are almost soundproof. Peter feels a tad bit out of place as he chats with Rhodey, watching as the waiters flitted around the edges of the party, carrying trays of champagne and hor d’ oeuvres through throngs of people. Peter’s suit is way too itchy, the navy blue material rubbing up against his neck, the lights are too bright as they beat-down on the too-hot room, but despite it all, the unnecessary glamor and the awkward small talk with Tony’s old college class, Peter is happy. After all, it’s not every day that one gets to attend Tony Stark’s wedding.
Despite the fact that he had been spending more and more time with Tony (even spending the majority of his weekends up at the compound) Peter never had expected to actually be invited to Tony’s wedding, let alone to be sat at the front table with the rest of the Avengers. The wedding itself had been so beautiful that May had cried (and Peter might’ve choked up a little himself, but he definitely wasn’t ever going to admit it).
Tony caught Peter’s eye from across the room and winked, as he gestured roughly towards Sam, who’s trying (and failing miserably) to flirt with one of the bartenders. Peter gives him a small smile and a chuckle before Tony is whisked away into yet another conversation with an old classmate/co-worker/employee. Rolling his eyes fondly, Peter turns back towards the table, laughing as he watches Bucky and Rhodey argue over who’s glass is whos.
“They’re all idiots, aren’t they?” Peter whipped around to face Natasha, an easy smile gracing his face as he did so. At first, Peter had been the most scared of Natasha, but the longer he stuck around, the more he learned about her (and her “mama bear tendancies” according to Mr. Stark). He would hesitate to call her his favorite (the last time he did, Mr. Stark had moped about it for three days, throwing in a dramatic “betrayed by my own intern!” everything Peter had even been within earshot). He shrugged at her, “absolutely, but are we really a whole lot better than them?” She chuckled as she lifted her crystal champagne glass to her lips.
“You might not be, I for one, definitely am.” Peter blushed just a little bit (after all, the was The Black Widow, she still made him a little bit nervous).
“Whatever,” he deadpanned as he stood up and re-buttoned his suit jacket, “I’m going to go grab another lemonade. Do you need anything?”
“Nope.” Natasha popped the “p” as Peter turned away and started heading to the bar. He walked up to Sam, smiling politely at the bartender. Sam playful swatted Peter on the arm as he made some comments about Peter “running his flow” and his chances to be with “the woman of his dreams.” but Peter didn’t hear a single one as the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. It was like an electric shock had traveled down in his spine as he glanced around. His mind was echoing to him:


Not safe



Not safe



Not safe 

But a cursory look around the room only proved that Peter was in fact, perfectly safe. He saw the multiple security at each exit, and if he stretched his neck a little farther, he could see the metal detectors people had been forced to walk through in order to get to the reception-- Mr. Stark had promised Peter that his wedding would be the “safest place in New York” and Peter trusted him.
Besides, whispered the rational part of his brain, almost every superhero in New York is here, there’s no way anybody in their right mind would want to go up against that. Peter nodded along to the rational voice in his head, determined to ignore the constant thrum in his back that was whispering to him. There was no way that Peter was anything but safe.
And then he saw him, out of the corner of his eye he watched as the icy blond hair moves out of his peripheral vision. Calm down Peter, his mind whispered, there’s plenty of people with blond hair, it’s just a guy. But despite the rational part of his mind telling him that it was fine, he found himself turning around to watch the waiter anyways. He could only see him from the back, but his eyes followed him carefully as the waiter hoisted the tray high, almost above his head, as he walked from table to table.
Peter let out a deep sigh of relief as he turned back around, confident that the waiter he saw was actually, just a guy. He picked up his lemonade from the bar and leaned against it as he took his first sip. His eyes found the mystery waiter again, and he could hear his aunt and uncle’s voices in his head as they reprimanded him, “Peter-- don’t stare at people. It’s rude.” The waiter walked over to the next table and set his tray down as he adjusted his bowtie. As he did so, he turned around, and Peter felt his blood turn to ice.
The rational part of his mind already had a retort ready to go, but his spine was thumming with the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Matt Murdock

freeform: 
Whumptober 2019
Irondad
Implied/Referenced Rape
Past Sexual Abuse
more tags to be added over the course of the month
tags will be mentioned on each chapter
no beta we die like cowards
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
light gore
Peter Parker is a hero
Tony Stark is a tired dad
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
not complaint with the mid credits scene tho
Nightmares
PTSD
Gun Violence
Helen Cho's a badass but we knew that
May Parker might finally be getting used to this whole spider-man thing
first "I love yous"
Identity Reveal
Kidnapping
Language
Temporary Character Death
Unrelated unless stated otherwise
Some are MCU and some are comicverse but it's pretty obvious which is which
Stabbing
Peter Parker thinks he can handle it himself
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Everybody Gets Hugs
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Self Harm
somewhat graphic descriptions of self harm
self hate
Fluff and Angst
School Shootings
Canon-Typical Violence
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
but only in chapter 24
BAMF Tony Stark
Peter Parker Can't Thermoregulate
Hydra Peter Parker
Hypothermia
Medical Inaccuracies
Attempted Suicide
self-hate

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Matt Murdock

