Work Text:
Peter felt hot and horny as he was laying on his bed. He could feel his underwear getting wet with his slick and he moaned. He took off his shirt and started to pinch his nipples, arching his back at the sensation that coursed through his body. He slowly traveled a hand down his body and into his underwear and pressed the tips of his fingers to the lips of his vagina and stroked himself. Peter then dipped two of his fingers into his vaginal opening and began to simulate himself, moaning at the pleasures that his body was bringing him. He took off his underwear and continued fingering himself, spreading his legs wider and wider as he chased his orgasm. “Daddy, faster please daddy. Ohhh.” Peter sped up his movements, pumping his fingers in and out of his sloppy wet hole. Tony was coming up the stairs so he could call Peter for dinner. They had ordered Taco Bell that night since they had been both craving it the past couple of days but always forgot about it. As Tony was getting closer to Peter’s room, he heard some strange noises coming from inside. He opened the door and his eyes widened at the sight in front of him. He saw his son on the bed, his legs spread wide open, with his fingers inside of him. Peter had his head tilted backwards as he rubbed his fingers roughly against his pussy lips. Tony could see that his son was close to his orgasm and decided not to say anything and just watch him. He could feel himself getting hard in his pants as he watched his son pleasure himself. “AH! AH! AH! DADDY, FUCK!” Peter screamed as his orgasm crashed over him and he squirted his release all over his sheets and fingers. Peter let out a long moan, pulling his fingers out and licking up his own juices. He calmed himself down before starting to clean up and that’s when Tony’s voice cut through the air.“Where do you think you’re going sweetheart?” Peter jumped at the sound of his dad’s voice and turned to face the door. His eyes widened when he saw that his dad had entered the room and closed the door behind him.“D-dad, I c-can e-explain.” “Oh I’m sure you can sweetie, but I don’t want to hear it. Why don’t you lay back down and spread your legs for me. Show me that pretty little cunt.” Tony purred. Peter felt himself gush below as he scrambled to do what his dad had asked of him. He laid down on his back and spread his legs out, showing Tony his wet pussy hole. Tony quickly undressed himself, wrapping a hand around his cock and tugging at it lightly. He looked up at his son. “Finger yourself for me baby. Make yourself cum again.” Peter moaned and brought his fingers back to his pussy. He rubbed at the clit, while using two of his fingers and inserting them into his hole. Tony moaned at the sight of his son and stroked himself. Peter pushed his fingers in deep and moaned as he felt his orgasm approaching. “Daddy, daddy. I’m gonna cum. Oh god.” Peter fingered and rubbed himself vigorously. “Cum for me baby. Cum for daddy.” Tony stroked his cock as fast as Peter fingered himself. “DADDY, I’M COMING! OH FUCK!” Peter screamed as he squirted his release all over his fingers and Tony moaned as he released his cum on the bedsheets. Tony then spread apart Peter’s legs and inched his face forward until it was in line with Peter’s pussy. He stuck out his tongue and experimentally swiped it across Peter’s clit. “Oh, daddy. More please, more I want more.” Peter gasped and tugged at Tony’s hair. That’s all Tony needed as he shoved his face into Peter’s pussy and began eating him out. He swirled his tongue around the opening, puckering his lips as he sucked on his son’s precious hole. He brought a finger and inserted it into the wet heat and moaned. He inserted 2 more fingers into his son’s opening and fingered Peter fast and hard, getting him close to his orgasm. Peter screamed and bucked his hips as Tony hit his gspot over and over again until he came, squirting around his dad’s fingers and into his mouth. Tony greedily slurped up his son’s juices and moaned at the taste. He took his fingers out and brought it up to Peter’s mouth.“Taste yourself sweetheart.” Peter stuck his tongue out and Tony shoved the two fingers in his mouth. Peter moaned at the taste of himself on his dad’s fingers. He swirled his tongue around them, and Tony watched with lust in his eyes. He took them out and reached for the lube that he had in his pocket. He spread apart his son’s legs and coated his cock in a generous amount of lube before coating Peter’s pussy with it, making him even more wet then he already was. Tony then took his cock and aligned it with his son’s hole. He pressed the tip of his cock and gently pressed inside, moaning at the way Peter’s pussy engulfed his cock. “Oh baby boy. Fuck your pussy’s taking me in so well sweetheart. Fuck you feel so good.” Tony moaned as he inched his cock deeper into his son’s vagina.“Daddy, fuck you’re big. Oh fuck.” Peter tightened up around his dad’s cock. “Fuck Peter, oh fuck. Take daddy’s cock s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Peter Parker
Father/Son Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Daddy Kink
Masturbation
caught masturbating
Mutual Masturbation
Porn
Squirting
Multiple Orgasms
Consensual Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Butt Plugs
Boypussy

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Peter Parker

