Chapter 1: The Many Masks
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
There is only one person in the world that Tony Stark allows to call him Anthony.Sure, Thor calls him 'Friend Anthony' from time to time, but that's only when it slips off his tongue without him thinking, and either way, Tony still flinches when it happens.To Thor, he's usually just 'Man of Iron', or 'Son of Stark', which also has bad connotations, but it's better than 'Anthony'.No, there is only one person in the entire world -or, in Thor-speak, the Nine Realms- that is allowed to call him Anthony unconditionally.Tony Stark has always had many names, almost more than most people can keep track of. He freely admits that he himself can't remember all of them. He's already rebuked a few of those said names, and each one has its own backstories and feelings.Anthony Edward Stark brings the terrible ones, of blood and glass bottles, of alcohol and drunken rage. It brings agony and fury, fear and abuse. It's the first he'd ever rebuked.Tony brings feelings of falsehood, of masks and sarcasm; it brings hiding from the world.But it also means belonging. It means friendship, it means the Avengers.There are other names that he doesn't ever want to hear or acknowledge ever again, like Howard's son, or Merchant of Death.Then there's the name that no one save a few associate to him. Not even the Avengers know this one.It brings with it family and warmth, care and love. It brings the feeling of being special yet accepted.It means the X-Men.He's one of the most powerful, one of the leaders of the X-Men, Scott's second on the field, the benefactor of Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters.He has three main powers: Telekinesis, Technopathy, and Energy Absorption/Manipulation.His Energy Absorption and Manipulation is his strongest, rivalling even Jean's Telekinesis in terms of strength, and the other two aren't far behind.And when he's in the black leathers of the X-Men, he's not Tony, not Anthony, not Iron Man.He's Arc.
 The Brotherhood's attacked yet again, and while they're still relatively easy to take down, they've become even more daring, threatening the relative safety of the citizens of Manhattan.Erik's also started sending his higher level mutants on more attacks, and now, more often than not, Bobby's against Pyro and the Class Threes and above appear more and more often. (A/N: If you’re not much of an X-Men fan, I’m gonna include a list of who’s who (Mutants only) in the A/N at the end of the fic. :D)"Arc, I need you to help Shadowcat with Juggernaut -she can't phase through all his attacks forever," Scott half-orders, knowing that if he tries bossing Arc around too much, the other mutant's just gonna rebel."On it, One-Eye. That wrecking ball won't know what hit him."Scott half-sighs, half-chuckles. Arc's never gonna stop calling him that, is he?"Just get your ass over there, Mr. Technology," Scott grumbles, a half-smile pulling at his lips.Arc levitates himself into the air, dropping in -literally- on Kitty's and Juggernaut's fight.Shadowcat had just about spent the entire fight intangible, letting the other mutant barrel through her incorporeal form, when Arc landed."Hey Kit. Looks like you need some help.""Arc!" The girl exclaimed.Using his telekinesis, Arc robbed the mutant of his speed, slowing him down to a temporary standstill.He grabbed hold of the mutant's neck, absorbing just enough energy from him to send Juggernaut spiraling into unconsciousness.As Juggernaut slumped, Arc quickly let go of him, allowing the man's form to crash to the floor, even his currently energy enhanced strength unable to hold the immense man up for an extended period of time."You're welcome," he shoots at Kitty, grinning.Kitty smiles in reply, running off to help Kurt.Arc takes down a few more of the Brotherhood, and after a while, the attacking force has been reasonably subdued, most of them unconscious and the few left having fled.It is then that Tony's phone rings.He pulls out the StarkPhone, answering the call with a deft swipe."Hey Capsicle. See you finally figured out how to work a phone.""Fury's calling us in again. He's asking you to suit up and meet at the Helicarrier in ten. Maximum."Tony rolled his eyes. "I'll get there when I get there, Cap."The billionaire turns to Scott and explains the situation before levitating off to Stark -Avengers- Tower.He drops into the Tower, the mechanisms of his suit donning/ removal machine starting up and piecing his suit together around him, as he raises a hand to remove his mask.He opens a small compartment in the suit, stashing his Arc Mask in the hollowed out space before letting it click close.As the faceplate of the suit snaps down, his repulsors come online, propelling the genius into the air and zooming towards the Helicarrier. 




Notes:

List of Who’s Who (Mutants Only):Magneto = Erik Lehnsherr (Powers: Magnetism)Mystique = Raven Darkhölme (Shapeshifting)Profes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team Feels
Mutant Tony Stark
Mutant Powers
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
BAMF Tony
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
powerful tony
Mutants
Tony Being Tony
Tony Stark Has Secrets
Big Secrets
but the team trusts him anyway

fandom: 
None
