Work Text:
“Witness Protection?”
“That’s right.” Fury said, nodding, “We’re working on a very sensitive case against Oscorp and we move on them over the next few days, which puts our source of information in a very vulnerable position. I need one of you to take responsibility and keep them safe.”

The two men groaned, a bit annoyed. Steve and Bucky were not fans of being witness protectors. Nothing wrong with the job, it was a noble and difficult thing to do, but they weren't keen on being stuck to one person until the whole operation was over. They each experienced it once and it was insufferable. Besides, the two of them had plans for the weekend, wanting to spend some much needed quality time together. 

“Sir, with all due respect,” Steve said, his posture straight and respectful, “There must be other officers you could ask. Bucky and I still have a ton of open cases-”

“Those cases have been handed over to your colleagues, Rogers.” Fury interrupted, tone strict, “And this is non-negotiable. Our witness is a person of incredible power, and if anything were to happen to her, the world will have our heads. I need my best officers on the job, so it needs to be one of you two.”

Steve’s shoulders sank but he felt a bit happy over Fury calling him one of the best officers out there. 

Bucky huffed, still not happy about it, “A woman, huh? Is she hot?”

Fury shot the man a glare and Steve sighed. He grabbed his partner by the arm and dragged him out of the office, apologizing to Fury.

“Get back to me about which one of you is doing the job.” Fury ordered, following them, “You have time till we reach the interrogation room, figure it out in the next ten seconds.”

“Yes Sir.” the two men said, following their boss towards the room that had their next assignment. They stayed behind a few steps to whisper to each other and figure out who was going to take the job.

Bucky grumbled, clicking his tongue in annoyance. “Well, this fuckin sucks.” the long haired man cursed, folding his arms over his chest. Steve sighed, patting him on the back. 

“I know, I hate it too, but it's out of our hands. We have to do our jobs.”

Bucky nodded, “...So have fun, you.”

“Excuse me?” Steve said, “What makes you think i’m doing it.”

“Well, clearly you’ve accepted that it needs to be done, I haven't even gotten there yet.”

Steve simply rolled his eyes, “You’re not getting out of this that easily.

They reached the room. Fury gave them both a look before he entered the room, closing the door behind him. He was giving them a bit more time to decide.

“Rock, paper, scissors it?”

They played three rounds and Bucky won. 

“Yes!” the man exclaimed, pumping his fists in the air while Steve stared at his hand in defeat, “Have fun being stuck with with a stranger for days together sucker!” Bucky teased, grasping the handle of the door and pushed it open. 

There were two people in the room, one was Fury and the other...was the most gorgeous woman any of them had ever seen. 

She was tall and built, her red sleeveless blouse showing off her muscles. She wore dark blue jeans that perfectly emphasized her curves. She was hunched over the table, her brown hair tied in a ponytail cascading over her shoulder as she looked over a bunch of files. She looked up from them as the two men entered the room, flashing them her doe brown eyes. 

“Ah, officers.” Fury said, not picking up on Steve and Bucky’s stunned expressions, “This is Natasha Stark, she’ll be the person you’ll have to protect.”

The woman, Natasha looked them over, “Hello,” she waved, “So which one of you is responsible for me?”

“Me.” Steve said.

“I am,” said Bucky, at the same time.

The men looked at each other.

“...Would you excuse us for a minute?” Bucky asked before he shut the door.

“Dude!” Steve snapped, slapping Bucky’s arm, “what the hell?” 

“I changed my mind.” Bucky said, “I want to do it, you can back out.”

“What! No way!”

“You didn't even want to do it!” 

“Neither did you!”

“Yes, well, my opinion changed when I saw that our client is the hottest woman in existence.”

Steve rolled his eyes, “Yeah, well, too bad for you but I won rock paper scissors, fair and square.”

“...I call dibs!” 

“You can't call dibs on something I already won!”

Inside the room, the two individuals could hear everything.

Natasha stared at the door, a bit shocked at the conversation they were having, “...They don't know how thin these walls are, do they?”

Fury groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration, “I am so sorry about their inappropriate behavior, Ms. Stark. I’ll assign a new officer to you immediately.”

“No, don't.” Natasha said, maybe a bit too quickly. Fury raised an eyebrow, giving her a look.

“Well, from what I understand, I'll have to be stuck with an officer for a few days, right?” she explained, “What better way to do that than with two hot, strong men?”

 She grinned towards the man who simply stared her down, unamused.

“...You’re fun.” she said, looking back
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Threesome - F/M/M
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Roughhousing
Smut
Shameless Smut
Spanking
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Penis In Vagina Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal
Anal Play
Double Penetration
Double Oral Penetration
Polyamory
Bisexuality
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom/sub Play
Handcuffs
Sub Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
sub natasha stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Fucking Machines
Breast Fucking
Comeplay
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Marking
Possessive Sex
Female Tony Stark
Female Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark

