Chapter 1: day 1
    




Chapter Text
peter/quentin. spanking, dom/sub, begging. good guy!quentin + established relationship word count: 735_________________Some days it just becomes too much for Peter, the constant weight on his shoulders. The responsibility of helping his city, the stress of school, of taking care of May. It all translates to an exhausted type of energy, the type that makes his nerves tight and mind useless, the type of energy that can't be soothed by swinging through the city. It's one of those days, and Peter knows he needs help if he wants to be any use to the city tomorrow. So he calls Quentin. The conversation is brief, all he had to do was tell him he needed him, and he told him to swing by when he was done with his patrol. Peter spends the rest of the day on autopilot, eager to get to Quentin, to not have to be in control. Quentin always knows what to do.He's waiting for him when he climbs in through the living room window, lounging on the couch, and Peter stops as soon as he’s in, suddenly hesitant. “Strip.” he wastes no time, his voice leaves no room for questioning, and that makes Peter breathe a sigh of relief before he begins to methodically take his clothes off, making sure to fold them all neatly and stack them on the floor like he’s supposed to. Once he finishes he stands with his hands clasped behind his back and eagerly awaits the next order. “Come here.” Peter obeys immediately, going to stand between Quentins legs. He's already half-hard, and he flushes from embarrassment as Quentin scrutinizes him. Finally, after what feels like forever, he pats his thighs, and Peter scrambles to lay across them. Quentin starts touching him, just running his hands up and down his back, across his ass and thighs, trying to get him to relax. It works, Peter can feel the tension leaving his body, in fact, he’s so relaxed he didn't even anticipate the first smack. It hurts, the crack sickeningly loud in the quiet room, but apparently its exactly what peter didn't know he needed, because he’s instantly fully hard, grinding against him. He doesn't reprimand him for it, just continues smacking his ass and thighs. This isn't a punishment, so he doesn't make Peter count, and he’s grateful for that, because he doesn't feel like speaking tonight. He doesn't know how long it goes on, lets himself slip into that safe space in his head where everything is warm and fuzzy, forgets everything except how good he feels, until suddenly Quentin stops. Peter whines before he can stop himself, and twists around to look at Quentin over his shoulder. He's staring at him, pupils blown, and speaks before peter can ask why he stopped. “Are you close?” as soon as Peter processes the question he realizes he is, actually, very close to coming, subconsciously rutting against Quentin. He swallows thickly and manages to reply. “Yes, sir.” Quentin smiles, rubs and squeezes the burning hot flesh of Peters ass and says, “I want you to beg.” Those words break a dam in Peter. And he fucking sobs. Words spill out desperately as he starts humping Quentins leg with renewed vigor “Please sir, please let me cum, I want it so bad, fuck! I need it, I need it!” he responds by smacking his ass again, making Peter wail  “Oh fuck, oh god please, please let me cum, need it so bad, fuck! Sir, please!” and finally, finally,  Quentin says “Go ahead, baby.” he leans down and sinks his teeth into his bruised ass and Peter is losing it, sobbing and shaking and spilling over Quentins thigh.He's suddenly exhausted, vaguely aware of Quentin picking him up and carrying him to the bedroom, laying him down on his stomach and disappearing for a few minutes before reappearing some lotion and a water bottle. He makes him drink the whole thing as he rubs lotion on him, and bats his hand away when he tries to get at his still hard dick “Not tonight baby, you need to rest.” Peter wants to argue, wants to make him feel good too, but he is very sleepy, so he lets Quentin rearrange them on the bed so that he’s lying on his chest with his face tucked in his shoulder, hums happily as he strokes his hair and tells him how good he did, how perfect he was, and finally falls asleep.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
Peter Parker/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
Harley Keener/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Spanking
Dom/sub
Begging
gratuitous comma use
Good Guy Quentin Beck
Kinktober 2019
more tags will be added
Rimming
Beard Kink
Cunnilingus
First Time Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs
Female Peter Parker
facesitting
but not really
Hate Sex
hatefucking
Angst
Lingerie
Daddy Kink
Crossdressing
boys in panties
Sthenolagnia
Strength Kink
Muscles
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome
Spitroasting
Angst and Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
Peter Parker/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
Harley Keener/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

