Chapter 1: Object Insertion
    




Chapter Text
It was a beautiful summer day—it was hot, the sun a bright yellow disk the blue, blue sky, and Harry Potter lay on his bed with his arse up in the air. He was incredibly warm, but he couldn't be sure what was causing it—the weather, or Tom's weight and presence. His boyfriend's hands felt large on Harry's clothed arse, even though Harry knew Tom's hands were really very average in size. He pressed his fingers firmly into Harry's arse,  massaging it and letting his fingers trail dangerously high up his shorts, until Harry wanted nothing more than to get rid of the layers between the two of them. All they'd done until today was kiss each other—not mentioning the time Tom had stuck his hand up Harry's shirt without warning. This was like nothing Harry had ever experienced before, and he knew Tom hadn't either, no matter how experienced he pretended to be. "Tom," he gasped, arching into Tom's fingers. He felt a little too hot, the warmth of the day sticking to his skin and his mind, making him feel loose and lazy in a way that only happened on the hottest middays and afternoons. Tom took his invitation readily. He hooked his fingers in the elastic of Harry's shorts, and pulled them down. Harry wasn't wearing any underwear. It wasn't planned, not at all—it had merely been too hot to wear multiple layers, and Tom's visit had come as a surprise anyway, but Harry couldn't help but be glad for it now. He whined when Tom spread his arse again, and pressed his thumb against Harry's hole. Tom was panting rather heavily behind him, his hands only speeding up. "You have such a pretty arse, darling," he said, and the compliment went straight to Harry's dick. "Come  on, Tom," he urged, though he wasn't sure what he was actually asking for. Tom, on the other hand, didn't seem to be plagued with the same uncertainty. He reached over to Harry's bedside table, and grabbed a bottle of lotion from the top drawer. "You're so perfect," Tom was saying, his hand now firm on Harry's lower back, keeping him in place as he stroked over Harry's arse. "So good for me. Will you keep still for me, sweetheart?” Every word Tom's spoke just went straight to his head, making him feel warm in another way all together. He nodded, mouth open and tongue out. Tom leaned down and kissed his hair, and then stroked a line from Harry's hole down, over his perineum, and to the back of his balls. He did it again, slowly, making Harry focus on the way his finger stroked over every bump and curve of him, and then Tom's fingers were wet as he squeezed the lotion into Harry's arse. He pressed his finger in, just the very tip, the movement slick and easy. He dipped in just beyond Harry's rim, but it felt so smooth that Harry imagined he could shove his entire finger in there, and a second, and Harry would only feel the strange stretch and push of it. Tom played with his hole some more, going a little deeper, dripping more lotion onto his hole until Harry wondered if he hadn't just emptied out the whole thing, and then there was something else pressing against him—something firmer, harder in a way that skin and flesh just wasn't. "What—” he gasped, surprised. Tom shushed him, his hand coming down to play with Harry's hair. "It's okay," he said, pushing the thing deeper in, and then some more, so slowly Harry thought it would never end. Every centimeter felt like a mile—something revolutionary, larger than it actually was. "Just be good for me, darling," Tom said, and it felt so  good—so new and odd and Harry felt so desirable, that he just moaned out an agreement and arched further into Tom's touch. Tom pushed the thing—a stick of some sort, deeper in until it couldn't go further. Harry couldn't see, but though it felt huge, he guessed it was actually pretty small. Maybe even the width of a finger, though far smoother and far less flexible. Tom twisted it inside him, at first gently and then faster, moving the tip that stuck out of him up and down and around so that Harry felt like he was opening up a little, or like he was just getting used to it. Tom let his head go, and Harry looked back to see a black Sharpie sticking out of his arse. Tom laughed at the expression on his face, patting Harry's arse and then slapping it a little harder. "Next time it'll be my dick," he promised.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Cedric Diggory/Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Keith/Shiro (Voltron)
Rabastan Lestrange/Harry Potter
Cedric Diggory/Harry Potter
Sirius Black/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle/Tom Riddle Sr.
Harry Potter/Charlie Weasley
Harry Potter/Voldemort
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle Sr.
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Ron Weasley
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Object Insertion
Praise Kink
Shibari
Female Tom Riddle
Female Harry Potter
Anal Play
Feminization
Crossdressing
Size Difference
Appreciation Of Muscles
Anal Sex
Bondage
Dom/sub
Vibrators
Outdoor Sex
Intercrural Sex
Deepthroating
Daddy Kink
Mutual Masturbation
Sex Pollen
Dubious Consent
Biting
Vampires
Corsetry
Consensual Non-Consent
Oral Sex
Sex Work
Lapdance
Bunny Boy Harry Potter
Hogtie
Orgasm Denial
Knotting
Threesome
Age Difference
Incest
Harry Potter & Tom Riddle are Siblings
Size Queen Harry Potter
Large Cock
Double Penetration
Hemipenis
Naga
Teratophilia
Impact Play
Riding Crops
Semi-Public Sex
Somnophilia
Stalker Tom Riddle
Lingerie
Misunderstandings
Office Sex
Boss/Employee Relationship
Cuckolding
Clothing Disparity
Car Sex
Fucking Machines
Sex Magic
Scars
Fluff and Smut
Face-Fucking
Exhibitionism
Public Sex
Train Sex
Gags
Exes
Hate Sex
Overstimulation
Bottom Harry Potter
Top Tom Riddle
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Cedric Diggory/Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Keith/Shiro (Voltron)
Rabastan Lestrange/Harry Potter
Cedric Diggory/Harry Potter
Sirius Black/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle/Tom Riddle Sr.
Harry Potter/Charlie Weasley
Harry Potter/Voldemort
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle Sr.
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Ron Weasley
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

