Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter staggers into the kitchen/living area, not knowing what he wants or needs. He knows the avengers are here somewhere, at least most of them are, but his vision is blurred and he can’t see them so he hopes they are elsewhere. His emotions have made his spidey sense go crazy so he can't tell if there's anyone here.
“Peter? I didn’t know you were here today.” Peter vaguely hears a voice calling him but he’s far too over emotional to even try and figure out who it is and what they want.
“Peter are you okay?” Peter knows he has tears streaming down his face and he knows he has no right to be upset but he can’t help it.
“Jus' need coffee or sumfin.” Peter mutters as he fills a travel mug up before turning back to the door. He's moving as if from muscle memory, like he's a zombie or something, dead to the world apart from the tears streaming down his face.
“Kid are you going out?” Peter finally recognises the voice as Rhodey.
“I need to go.” Peter chokes out between quiet sobs and Rhodey stands up and walks over to him, putting his hands on his shoulders. Peter can barely make out his face, vision blurred from the tears and his pupils dialating and constricting due to his senses going crazy.
“Kid what’s wrong? You want me to go get Tony?” Rhodey asks and Peter shakes his head.
“No.” He whimpers, and Rhodey frowns.
"You can't go out like that Peter, It's freezing cold and raining." He says and Peter whimpers again. He doesn't want to be in the tower any more. He ducks under Rhodeys arm and slips past him before rushing into the lift. He doesn’t know why it’s such a big deal, he should have expected it. But he was only gone what felt like a few minutes and Tony replaced him. Like it was nothing. Like he meant nothing. Peter rushes out of the tower and makes his way to Neds; it’s closer than his and Mays apartment and he’s only wearing jeans and a T-shirt and Rhodey was right; it's cold and raining. He climbs up the side of Neds house and sees him in his room.
 
Peter knocks on the window and Ned turns around, rushing over when he sees the look on his best friends face.
“Peter what happened?” Ned asks softly, pulling Peter into the room and wrapping him in a hug.
“He- I- He replaced me.” Peter sobs and Ned frowns.
“What do you mean?” Ned asks as he leads Peter over to his bed and sits him down.
“I went up to see mister Stark cause I haven’t seen him since everything happened and he was with Pepper and this little girl and this guy our age and they were like a family and I know I was gone for 5 years but I didn’t know he’d replaced me-“ Peter chokes again, leaning his head on Neds shoulder, and Ned frowns.
“But he was like your dad...” Ned rubs Peters back.
“I know! I don’t know what I did! It’s not my fault I got-“ Peter cuts himself off. He’s still not okay with what happened.
“It’s okay, it’s gonna be okay. You want me to call Aunt May?” Peter shakes his head.
“I’ll go home soon, I just- what did I do, Ned? Why did he replace me? Did he even want me around in the first place?” Peter sobs and Ned sighs.
“Come on, you don’t need him. You’ve got me and Aunt May and my parents and MJ.” Ned says and Peter nods despite the fact that he’s wrong. Peter needs Tony. He loves him like a dad and he misses him when he doesn’t see him or talk to him and he really needs him. He does.
“I’m gonna go- talk to Aunt May.” Peter says and with one last hug from Ned he climbs back out the window, not before Ned gives him one of his hoodies to keep him warm.
 
 
“Hey baby, how was Tony?” May asks and Peter stares at her with red puffy eyes before he falls onto the bench next to her, she immediately pulls him against her.
“Oh sweetheart. What happened?”
“He replaced me, May. I don’t know what I did, but he doesn't want me there anymore.” He chokes against her stomach and she threads her fingers through his hair.
“What do you mean, Love?” She says softly, confused because she always thought Tony loved Peter like a son.
“I went up to his floor and he was with Pepper and there was this little girl and this guy my age and I don’t know who they are and he’s never mentioned them before but it hurts May.” His sobbing gets louder and May frowns, holding him close.
“It’s okay baby. It’ll be okay. I’m here. I’ve got you.” May whispers soothingly and after a few minutes Peters sobs slow to quiet whimpers.
“You wanna go get some dinner?” May asks and Peter sighs before shrugging.
“Come on, we’ll get larb.” May jokes and Peter smiles slightly, standing up.
“Thanks Aunt May.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Uncle Happy Hogan
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

