Chapter 1: Shaky Hands
    


Summary:

Peter was really starting to feel more like himself now. He’d swung across all of Queens in a matter of only fifteen minutes, and considering that would normally take around forty-five minutes in a car with zero traffic, he considered that to be a record. He was actually pretty proud of it, and decided he might go and try to break another personal record-- swinging from his apartment in Queens all the way to Stark Tower in Manhattan. He’d been over there more and more recently, he actually was starting to have weekly lab days with Tony which was awesome, so he thought it’d be cool to test this out. He grabbed his backpack from outside Midtown High and dropped it off at his apartment first, then began to race over.
He had been making pretty great time, truth be told. It wasn’t long before he reached the Queensborough Bridge-- which connects Queens and Manhattan-- but there… well, Parker luck always seemed to get him one way or another. Peter had swung under the bridge with incredible speed, latching his webs onto beams underneath the architecture as he did so. However, just as he was reaching the peak of his arc halfway across the bridge, his webs snapped.



Notes:
Day 1: Shaky Hands-Samuel

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

He never really realized how much of an impact that night had on him. He just tried to ignore it. He liked to ignore it. He had to ignore it. 
 
He couldn’t acknowledge it. He couldn’t think about how it felt.
 

The walls were collapsing all around him. His brain ran a million miles an hour, trying to figure out an escape plan, but concrete fell faster than he could move.

 
It wasn’t like anyone could do anything about it now-- it was over. It happened. Why dwell on the past shit when life was throwing so much shit at him in the present? Literally. An eraser just hit the back of his head.
 
Peter’s sense had gone blaring off at him the moment before it hit him, and he’d flinched, but didn’t try to do anything about it. The damn thing would go off whenever just about anything even slightly inconvenient would happen-- it was more annoying than helpful at this point. So many times, he felt like he just had to run. Get out of there. Do something. 

Do something!

 But whatever ‘danger’ was about to attack really turned out to be absolutely nothing. It’d been bad like that before back when he first got his powers, but ever since Homecoming, he seemed to recess back to that. 
 
It was so stupid.
 
Everything about this was so goddamn stupid.



He was being so stupid.
 
It wasn’t even that big a deal, he just needed to grow up al-freaking-ready! 
 
Worse things have happened to better people, after all. He needed to man the hell up and just move on with his life.
 
“Hey man, are you alright?” Ned had asked him, placing a hand on his shoulder as he did so.
 
To this, Peter nearly jumped out of his seat, but tried his best to play it off with a reassuring-- that actually just came off as awkward-- smile. “Yeah, yeah. ‘Course I am. Why wouldn’t I be?”
 
“Well, you're, uh… Dude, you’re sort of just shaking.” the other teen spoke carefully.
 
“Huh?” Peter didn’t think he was. He would’ve known if he was freaking shaking, wouldn’t he have? But, sure enough, when he looked down at his hands, they were. Just a little, but that was more than enough to alert a best friend. His right leg was also bouncing a lot under his desk, but that happened all the time, so neither teen thought it was a big deal. It was just something that happened with him.
 
"I'm fine, don't worry about me," Peter reassured his friend. "It's nothing. I'm, uh, I'm just kind of cold. I mean, the AC does blow right on me, so... yeah. Cold." It wasn't like he was completely lying--  the AC did hit him directly and it was pretty chilly. That and the fact that this room with the AC was small, cramped, and packed with more people than it should hold since the kids from the class next door were here while the janitors cleaned up someone's vomit. But nope, he could totally breathe just find. His body totally wasn't in a perpetual state of fight or flight and he definitely wasn't counting down the seconds until the bell rang so he could get out  of said room. 
 
Then again, then he'd be heading out into the crowded halls... fuck.
 
"Alright, I guess," Ned replied hesitantly. He  wasn't an idiot, he could tell when something was wrong with his best friend, but unfortunately, he didn't know what. It'd been happening for months now-- Peter would seem to be low-key freaking out, he'd get worried and ask what was wrong,  and then he'd instantly put a smile on his face and tell him everything was fine. He wasn't an idiot, he just wanted his friend to know he could talk if he needed to.
 
How easy that reassuring smile came was concerning though, as was how quickly Peter jumped up from his seat when the bell actually rang. Eventually, Ned thought, he'd 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)

freeform: 
Whump
Whumptober
Whumptober 2019
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Comfort/Angst
Teen Angst
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Claustrophobia
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Waterboarding
Mentioned Ben Parker
Sensory Overload
Fireworks
Flashbacks
Coping
Bit of Fluff
Medical Inaccuracies
Delirium
Bittersweet
Bittersweet Ending
Temporary Amnesia
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Gun Violence
Blood and Injury
Blood and Violence
Hurt No Comfort
Hurt
Hurt Peter
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
High School
School Shootings
Shooting
Shooting Guns
Broken Bones
Tags Contain Spoilers
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Canonical Character Death
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Past Character Death
Ben Parker Dies
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) Needs a Hug
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Everyone Needs A Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Needs a Hug
Iron Man 1
Homophobia
Homophobic Language
Minor Original Character(s)
Quentin Beck Being a Jerk
Villain Quentin Beck
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Tony Stark Lives
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter
Kidnapped Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark
Hurt May Parker (Spider-Man)
Abuse
Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Crying
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
im sorry
Asphyxiation
Hypothermia
Implied/Referenced Sexual Harassment
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Hallucinations
Hiding Medical Issues
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Peter Parker
Trans Peter
Slurs
Trans Character
Trans Male Character
Transphobia
transphobic slurs
LGBTQ Themes
LGBT slurs
Assault
Beating
Torture
Psychological Torture
Tortured Peter Parker
Blood and Torture
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Hugs

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)

