Chapter 1: Laced Drink
    




Chapter Text
Peter wished he’d brought some homework to do. The tall cocktail tables scattered around him were nearly the same height as the standing desks he sometimes used at the library. Granted, they were barely big enough to hold two textbooks, being meant for dainty drinks, but there were a few in the corner that were unused. He wouldn’t be a bother over there. Right now standing at one of the tables near the edge of the large room, Peter felt like the newest fish in a large aquarium, still trying to make sense of where he was and who was with him. A rather foolishly dressed fish who was still growing into his fins. He’d stuffed Uncle Ben’s old shoes with newspaper to stop them from sliding around, but he felt like he was wearing scuba flippers. At least his pants were a little too long and covered some of them. And don’t even get Peter started on his bow tie, which Mr. Stark had put on him and he couldn’t figure out how to loosen without popping up the collar that had taken him ten minutes to get to lay down flat.He tugged on the bow tie again as he watched Mr. Stark. He was weaving through tables and mingling effortlessly (looking perfectly at home in his dark gray suit) while a dozen people trailed behind him like a school of fish, trying to laugh and the right moment and get their two cents into the conversation. If this really were an aquarium, Mr. Stark would be a shark that always had tiny fish following him around to clean his teeth and catch rides on his stomach. He glided through the room so confidently, so randomly, and with such a sharp glint in his eyes that Peter wondered if he was spelling out cursive curses to anyone watching the feed from the security cameras in each corner of the ceiling. Yep, definitely a shark.But if Mr. Stark was a shark at this party, then Peter was a plecostomus, one of those sucker-faced fish that leeched onto the sides of the aquariums eating algae. That’s all Peter wanted to do. Hang out along the walls eating cocktail sausages. (Seriously, could you make anything fancy just by putting the word cocktail in front of it?)But this was his party too, as Mr. Stark the shark had constantly reminded him. Both their names were on the patent—“Your first real invention, kiddo! This is cause for celebration!”—and he’d already peeled Peter from the walls a half-dozen times tonight to parade him around the social aquarium in the hopes he’d find his footing. Or finning. Whatever. He’d met so many professors and CEOs he’d have to ask Mr. Stark for a set of flashcards to study them all later. Actually, that seemed like the sort of thing Pepper would have. Maybe that’s how Mr. Stark was so good at remembering everyone’s names.If this was really Peter’s party too, shouldn’t he have had some say in who was invited? Maybe some kids from his school or something? Peter didn’t feel like it was his party. He’d told Mr. Stark the whole thing was being overblown. A new type of aerosol nozzle inspired by his web shooters was hardly going to save lives.When he’d said as much to Mr. Stark, he’d just clapped him on the back and said, “Doesn’t matter. You’re dipping your toes into the world of innovation and intellectual property. And never discount what someone else can do with your inventions.”The party was being hosted by the science department of a local college, for which the party was also doubling as a fundraiser. That part, Peter could get behind. They had to have some classrooms or textbooks nearby he could borrow, right? Just for some light learning. He could study at his own party, right? That’s something Mr. Stark would do, bring a personal project to tinker with in the corner. Not that Pepper would let him. But would she stop Peter?Peter fiddled with his cuffs while he weighed Pepper’s wrath against getting a break from all these people. Before he could decide, Mr. Stark arrived at the table, a good quarter of the aquarium not-so-subtly trailing behind.“Thanks for riding the Tony train on our most recent laps around the room,” Mr. Stark turned and spoke to the crowd that had bunched up behind him. “The next trip leaves in ten minutes, so get drinks and munchies before then.” He turned his back to them to face Peter completely, and the people drifted away at the obvious dismissal. “How’re you holding up?” He nudged Peter with his elbow. “Haven’t been sneaking drinks, I hope.”“Of course not!” Peter grabbed his empty glass from the table and shook it, the tiny red and gold charm around the base of the stem that signaled a non-alcoholic drink tinkling against the glass. “Besides, I doubt they’d let me even if I asked. I’m obviously and by far the youngest person here.”“The youngest and the soberest,” Mr. Stark flicked the glass with a fingernail. “Get used to it. It’s not a bad thing.”“Sure, sure,” Peter joked. “You’re just saying that because in a few months I can be your designated driver at things like this.”“And put Happy out of a job? Where’s th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Whumptober
Irondad
Whumptober 2019
Hurt Peter Parker
Allergic reaction
Whump
surgery without anesthesia
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Mild Language
Forge Master
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

