Chapter 1: Day 1: Hate sex
    


Summary:

Sterek.





Chapter Text
Now was not the best time for this. The two of them were bidding their time in a cabin somewhere in the middle of bum-fuck- Minnesota. They had gotten separated from the pack back in Iowa. It doesn't help that the werewolf and human had been at each other's throats the entire time.
"I blame you…" Stiles grouses pushing at Derek's broad shoulders. The werewolf only snorts rolling his eyes and moving down the pale freckled throat.
"Not my fault your plan sucks." He growls into the now purpling fresh under his lips. Thin fingers lace through soft brunette hair yanking the owners head back. Derek grunts at the force Stiles put into it, his eyes glowing blue as a warning.
"Excuse you Hale but it absolutely was your fault."
The Stilinski barks pushing forward again. The taller males back hit a wall, Stiles wiry body pressed into the mountain of muscle before him. Clawed hands snatched up slim wrists and flipping them slamming the other into the same wall. Stiles hands were trapped, held over his head. Lips mashed together in a biting aggressive kiss. It's Stiles teeth that draw blood though.Not 5 minutes later Derek tosses the long limbed male onto a dusty bed. Following after him to pin the mole spotted frame to the creaking stiff mattress. Pale skin was blemished with heavy dark bruises and Derek was determined to add more. Stiles was pretty though and had bitten the wolf's shoulder hard enough to require his healing factor to fix the bleeding wound. Angry red nail marks were fading and his lip was busted from the human nipping too hard while they had been kissing. Their clothes had been shed on the way into the small back room, Derek wasted no time grinding his hips down onto Stiles. Their cocks creating friction for the other. Bucking up the younger tried to flip them, instead he only managed to loosen the tan man's grip on his wrists. Two fists balled in Derek's hair again manhandling him up so their lips meet once more. Large strong hands instead grabbed the surprisingly muscular thighs and pushed them up into Stiles chest affectively folding him in half. The moan Stilinski made was a mix between indignant, aroused, and frustrated. It spurred Derek on. A Long white freckled leg slung over his broad shoulder. Breaking the kiss to spit on his fingers and slip his hand down between them. Thick fingers pressed in without warning. Whiskey brown eyes glared up at the man pinning him down scrunching up his button nose.
"Derek this is hate sex you are not supposed to take the pain away…" The wolf just raised a brow at his cumming partner, shrugging the unoccupied shoulder. A flow of sharp stretching suddenly distracted the smaller male who gasped clawing for purchase and twisting up away from the intrusion. Derek waited but was met with another deep bite on his pec this time. He inhaled deep through clenched teeth, thrusting another finger inside and started pumping them in and out of the slightly dry hole.
Stiles moaned again thrusting back into he fingers hoping to find something better than the aching feeling. Be the time Derek had four fingers inside of Stiles the other brunette was losing his fucking mind. He was like a tiny animal fighting to break free but instead of getting away he wanted the older man inside him. He even said as much threatening to cut the wolf's dick off 'if he didn't fuck him right now'. Scoffing Derek licked his palm tongue dripping. Slicking up his throbbing member the werewolf lined up with the tight fluttering hole. The first ring of muscles tried to squeeze shut pushing back. Derek got annoyed when he slipped out the third time. Leaning back and grabbing hold of milky white thighs again and forcing them up higher. Stiles knees were right next to his face. Ass open wide for the wolf who only let though on one of the humans leg long enough to line up and thrust in hard. Stiles screamed curling forward hands sinking into Derek's hips. They sat like that for a moment before tan hips started pumping slowly. They picked up speed soon enough fucking into the warm heat of the smaller body beneath him. Stiles mind was blank and all he could do was breath, somehow the wolf had found his prostate right off the bat and was just destroying the spot with every thrust. A smirk covered Derek's lips as he shifted again lean back some. Pounding his cock deep into the welcoming mewling male below was so satisfying. At one point he even stopped moving pushed deep into the other just to watch the younger squirm and beg for him to continue. The weak snarls and abusive hands clawing at him to no avail. Clear fluid was practically dripping from Stiles neglected cock, he was so close to cumming. He could feel it at the base of his spin. Hot a building with pressure. Legs squawking, breath fast just like his heart beat, and brain completely fried. It wasn't until Stiles blacked out that he realized he was splashing his seed over his chest. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Merlin/Arthur Pendragon (Merlin)
Otabek Altin/Yuri Plisetsky
Dabi/Shigaraki Tomura | Shimura Tenko
James T. Kirk/Spock
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Todoroki Shouto/Yoarashi Inasa
Armin Arlert/Levi/Erwin Smith/Eren Yeager
Levi/Eren Yeager
Armin Arlert/Erwin Smith
Will Graham/Hannibal Lecter
Ryan Bergara/Shane Madej
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Eddie Gluskin/Waylon Park
Katsuki Yuuri/Victor Nikiforov
Keith/Lance (Voltron)
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne
Amajiki Tamaki/Toogata Mirio
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Hate Sex
Rough Sex
No Plot/Plotless
Porn With Plot
Kinktober 2019
Sleepy Sex
Established Relationship
Tentacle Sex
Cock sleeve
Sex Toys
Mirror Sex
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Caught
Trapped In Elevator
Temperature Play
no gun play kink sorry
fluffy cuddles instead
nerdy space husband's
Rope Bondage
Healer Draco Malfoy
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Alternate Universe - High School
Drunk Spock (Star Trek)
Implied Sexual Content
Finally getting together
Lapdance
Vulcan Mind Melds
High School Prom
Car Sex
Suits
Friends to Lovers
Cock Warming
cumming inside
Belly Bulging
inasa has a 13 inch penis
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Alternate Universe - College/University
Hook-Up
Voyeurism
sex cam worker as a hobby
Cam boy
Crystal Dildo
Standing Sex
Butt Plugs
Sexual Roleplay
Tony in a nurse outfit
Murder Husbands
Murder
Crappy Plot
drunken dancing
morning hangovers
mention of Frottage if you squint
Sherlock's purple shirt
breast(chest) worship
Pearl Necklace
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Bites
Dirty Talk
Safewords
Altean Lance (Voltron)
Xenophilia
Accidental Knotting
First Time
Vampire Keith (Voltron)
Zoemancer lance
Costume Parties & Masquerades
monster become human
Body Worship
Scars
Wet Dream
Intercrural Sex
Face-Sitting
Astral Projection
Accidental Voyeurism
Cock Worship
Face-Fucking
Demon Shane Madej
summoner Ryan bergara
Binding Contract
Spanking
Creampie
Trash Fic
Sthenolagnia
getting off on muscles
Porn Star AU
Shower Sex
Alternate Universe - No Powers
not rich Bruce wayne
Academy
Sleep Sex
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Merlin/Arthur Pendragon (Merlin)
Otabek Altin/Yuri Plisetsky
Dabi/Shigaraki Tomura | Shimura Tenko
James T. Kirk/Spock
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Todoroki Shouto/Yoarashi Inasa
Armin Arlert/Levi/Erwin Smith/Eren Yeager
Levi/Eren Yeager
Armin Arlert/Erwin Smith
Will Graham/Hannibal Lecter
Ryan Bergara/Shane Madej
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Eddie Gluskin/Waylon Park
Katsuki Yuuri/Victor Nikiforov
Keith/Lance (Voltron)
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne
Amajiki Tamaki/Toogata Mirio
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

