Work Text:
Bucky's getting better. He'll never be who he was before the war, but then, neither will Steve. Steve and Sam and his therapist have told him over and over again: nobody who goes to war comes home the same. Bucky's crucible was just longer and more horrifying than most.He still crawls into Steve's bed after nightmares three nights out of five, and he still has bad days where he sits in the dark by himself because the thought of being around anyone--even Steve--is like jackhammers in his skull and shattered glass under his skin. But the good days are starting to outnumber the bad ones, and even he can see that he's making progress.He's well enough, in fact, that after a few months of living in Stark's tower, he begins to join the Avengers on missions, especially when Hawkeye's unavailable to be eyes up high. But Bucky's not just a sniper; he's a one-man wrecking crew when he needs to be, and maybe that's not worth a lot against  planet-eating monsters from space (Bucky's not getting over fighting against--and with--honest-to-god aliens any time soon), but versus Hydra or AIM or garden-variety thugs, he's as valuable to the Avengers as he was to the Howling Commandos during the war.His presence on the team draws questions, of course. They all find it amusing at first. The day after he's first spotted on the ground, punching Doombots with his metal arm, the headline of The Daily Bugle reads, Who Was That Masked Man? Steve and Bucky are both tickled by that."We used to listen to The Lone Ranger on the radio," Bucky tells Sam. "And read the books. It was a book before it was a radio show, I think. Had those out of the library every damn week almost, one summer.""There was a new movie a couple of years ago," Steve offers, but Sam shakes his head."It's a travesty. Please don't see it and judge all future movies by it."Bucky laughs. There's so much other stuff to catch up on that they can afford to pass it by. Apparently Bucky's not the only one whose future makeover wasn't so pretty.*Of course, the headlines--and the questions--don't stay so benign for long. Especially once someone matches the metal arm to the images from DC. Still, Bucky's stealthy enough to avoid talking to reporters and nobody is crazy enough to send him to meet the press after the Avengers fight. But he does occasionally get caught on film unexpectedly, like a starlet being ambushed on the beach, except with more carnage and fewer tits. Bucky looks at the credit on the picture: one P. Parker. "I'm gonna kill him," he says. He thinks he gets the tone right--more joking than angry. He thinks he sounds a lot like his old self."You can't kill the photographer," Steve says mildly, because he knows--Bucky hopes he knows--that Bucky's just letting off steam and not really going to kill anybody just for taking his picture.Natasha nods. "It's too late anyway. Even Jarvis couldn't scrub all the images off the internet. No offense, Jarvis.""None taken, Ms. Romanoff.""Leave it to me," Pepper says, so they do.Which is how Bucky ends up sitting down for an extensive interview with Christine Everhart of Vanity Fair."She's an excellent reporter," Pepper says when she gives them the news. "And we're not particularly friendly, so it doesn't look like you're playing favorites.""And I'll be with you," Steve says.Pepper looks at him and purses her lips. Then she shakes her head. "No, I don't think so. I'll be there, though. I'll clear my schedule."Steve pouts, and Bucky would like him to be there, but like the nuns from their grammar school days, Pepper is apparently immune to their wiles, because even though Steve is with them while they rehearse answers, when the day of the interview comes, she shoos Steve out of the conference room before Everhart even shows. "She'd eat him alive," Natasha agrees from her seat at the far end of the table. "James."Bucky acts like he knows she was there all along and tips his head in her direction. "Natasha."Before Pepper can decide to throw her out too, Everhart arrives. "Was that Captain America on the way out?""You're not here to interview Captain America," Pepper says. She sits like she's got a steel rod grafted to her spine. Again, Bucky thinks briefly of the nuns at St. Cecilia's, and how they would have loved Pepper."It's good to see you, too," Everhart says, and that gets a small smile out of Pepper."You've met Natasha," Pepper says, and the women nod coolly at each other, "and this is James Barnes."Bucky puts a cocky grin on his face and sticks out his right hand. "Nice to meetcha." He wishes men still wore hats, so he could tip one rakishly at her.She's got a nice firm grip, but her gaze stays on his face, eyes narrowing like she's the infamous sniper and he's her target. "James Barnes," she repeats slowly, thoughtfully. "Middle name, 'Buchanan?'"He keeps the cocky grin in place but it's an effort. "Got it in one."Everhart's smile goes from polite and professional to sharp and smug; she looks like a shark that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Kiss
Pining
Schmoop

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

