Chapter 1: Day 01 : Size Kink
    




Chapter Text
Clint was used to closing up the gym alone, his clients always seemed to run later than the rest of the personal trainers, which was fine, Clint liked the quiet of the empty building.  He locked the deadbolt and switched off the main lights on his way to the locker room and it wasn’t until he heard one of the showers running that he realized he wasn’t alone.  He spotted Phil Coulson in the communal shower area, his back to the room, head hanging as the water beat down on his back.  Phil was new to the gym and was still adjusting to the life of a physical trainer, even if he usually worked with the older crowd, working out for eight hours was exhausting.  He made sure to make a little noise as he opened his locker, he didn’t want to surprise Phil with his presence but he wasn’t sure if conversation would be welcome.  They’d been dancing around each other for a few weeks now.  Clint would catch Phil watching him when he was stretching, his eyes lingering on Clint as he moved.  Clint would pretend not to notice then send Phil a little smirk or a flirty wink.  He was giving Phil to the end of the month to make a move or he was going to do it himself. Shoving his sweat soaked clothes into his gym bag he wrapped a towel around his waist and headed towards the showers.  Gym etiquette said; eyes up, be respectful.  But there was so much of Phil on display.  The breath of his shoulders and the slope of his back ending in an ass that Clint would literally kill to get his hands on.  He allowed himself to look, just once, before pulling his eyes up and forward.  He left an unused shower head between them before he hung his towel on the wall and turned on his own water. The shock of the cold water on his heated skin perked him up, but as soon as the water started running warm he let himself relax into the spray.  He loved his job but he had too many shifts in a row without a day off in sight.    “Long day?” Clint hadn’t forgotten Phil was there as much as he was forcing himself not to think about it.  Because sneaking a peek was one thing, but popping a boner in the communal shower was another.  He didn’t lift his head from the spray, wouldn’t tempt himself like that, instead just laughed, “You could say that, I had to pick up some of Steve’s clients today.  The look of disappointment on their faces was almost comical.  I’ll be glad when he’s back and I can finally get a day off.  What about you?” He wasn’t going to peek.  Really, he wasn’t.  But when someone talks to you, you give them your attention.  And when it’s a guy you’ve been crushing on for a few weeks and he’s naked, well sometimes your attention slips a little farther south.  He’s only human after all. Rationally he knew Phil was speaking.  He could hear words over the sound of their showerheads.  But his vision had narrowed and all higher functions ceased to operate because Clint had never seen a dick as big as the one he was currently gawking at.  And gawking was the only word that could be used, Clint’s eyes were bugging out of his head and he swore he felt himself salivate like one of Pavlov’s dogs. Some part of his barely functioning brain was screaming at him to stop staring.  Phil was going to catch him.  This was so inappropriate that it bordered on creepy and if he ever wanted a chance to actually date Phil he couldn’t be caught acting like a predator.  Very slowly he lifted his eyes from Phil’s dick, followed the path of the water around Phil’s navel, up through his chest hair and finally looked him in the eye.  It was immediately apparent that he’d been caught.  But instead of anger or disgust or even embarrassment, he found Phil wearing a smirk of his own.  He crossed his arms over his chest and cocked his hips towards Clint as if to say, had your fill or do you want to keep looking?
 
“I…” Clint had no way of talking himself out of the hole his eyes had dug, especially not with the way that his eyes kept going down between Phil’s legs and back up to his eyes again, “I should apologize.”  His eyes darted down again, there was no way that thing was real.  Fuck he was soft and he was bigger than most of the porn Clint watched.  “I know I should.” He said, still staring at Phil’s dick so it seemed like he was addressing the organ and not the man, “But fuck I want to blow you so bad.” Now it was Phil’s turn to look surprised, that definitely wasn’t the response he was expecting.  Maybe one of those flirty winks, or a one-liner Clint seemed to produce that skirted the line between appropriate and outrageous.  Anything but a proposition.  Phil was now the one stumbling over his words, “I… what?  I mean… what?” Clint was never shy about going after what he wanted, and all he wanted at that moment was Phil’s huge cock so deep in his throat he could feel it in his heart.  He stepped a little closer, not into Phil’s personal space because he wasn’t sure if he was welcome, but close enough to show that he w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kinktober 2019
Kinktober
Size Kink
Under-negotiated Kink
Deepthroating
Shower Sex
Dirty Talk
Pet Names
Dom/sub Undertones
Role Reversal
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Glory Hole
Unsafe Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Casual Sex
Femslash
thigh riding
Praise Kink
Office Sex
Hand Jobs
Masturbation
Nipple Play
Nipple Piercings
Coming In Pants
Daddy Kink
Strap-Ons
really dirty dirty talk
Balcony Sex
Honeymoon
Ass Play
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Voyeurism
Group Sex
Threesome - M/M/M
Light Dom/sub
Edgeplay
Spitroasting
Hair-pulling
Mirror Sex
Self-Esteem Issues
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Car Sex
Sex in a Car
Sex Toys
Strippers & Strip Clubs
Mutual Masturbation
Lapdance
Cock Warming
Come Swallowing
Accidental Exhibitionism
monsters fucking
Barebacking
Vampires
Vampire Sex
Werewolves
Werewolf Sex
Cock Worship
Feelings
Porn with Feelings
Fluff and Smut
Spanking
Punishment
Flogging
Paddling
spanking bench
Aftercare
BDSM
BDSM Scene
S&M
Sadism
Masochism

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

