Work Text:
Title: Special SeatingPairing: Bucky Barnes/Steve RogersWord Count: 1380Rating: 18+Warnings: post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier, bottom!Steve, rimming, face sitting, fingering, barebacking, dirty talk, use of endearmentsSpoilers: NoneDisclaimer: I don't own any of these characters or their universe.Summary: Steve rides Bucky's face.A/N: Originally posted HERE with great inspiration from THIS NSFW GIFSteve glanced back at Bucky, Bucky’s metal hand curled around his cock where it jutted from the fly of Bucky’s jeans. His chin dipped to his chest, Bucky’s right hand squeezing his ass. His own prick was hard and leaking in his fist, slow, leisurely strokes teasing preejaculate from the slit.He clenched around Bucky’s jaw, thighs tensing as he slowly rolled his body on Bucky’s face. Bucky’s nose pressed into his perineum, pressure against the sensitive skin making Steve groan. He slowed the grind of his hips, letting Bucky dictate the soft, slick glide of Bucky’s tongue over his hole. Shuddering, his cheeks flexed, whine building in his chest as Bucky pointed his tongue and drove it into his body.Bucky was thankful that his version of the serum allowed him deeper breaths. No way was he going to waste time sucking in oxygen when Steve so perfectly fucked himself on his tongue. He squeezed Steve’s ass, sliding his tongue into Steve’s loose hole. The jerk of his hand along his dick matched the whirl of his tongue, Steve’s quiet, panting moans tightening his sac.Steve whispered Bucky’s name, left hand cupping his balls and curling around the base as Bucky tongue fucked him toward orgasm. He quickened the slide of his fist, grip slick with precome. Bucky groaned into his hole and he grumbled, petulantly lifting his hips so Bucky could deeply inhale. He laughed, Bucky briefly cursing in Russian before guiding him back onto Bucky’s tongue.Stilling his hand at the root, Bucky focused on tonguing Steve’s hole, slowly dragging the flat of his tongue around Steve’s clenching rim. Steve cried out above him, hips grinding down harder on his mouth. He hummed, alternately driving his tongue as deep as he could and circling the clench of muscle. Steve’s toes curled where they pressed against his biceps, Steve’s knuckles brushing his forehead with each of Steve’s downward strokes.Bucky let go of his cock, both hands squeezing Steve’s firm asscheeks, spreading him wide so he could bury his face even deeper between Steve’s legs. Steve moaned and clenched his thighs around his head, one hand dropping to his hair and tugging hard. He growled, keeping his tongue pointed and curling it in the tight flutter of Steve’s hole.“Buck, Bucky,” moaned Steve, tightening his fist around his balls and the base of his cock. His abdomen clenched and contracted, sweat dripping through the divots of his muscles. He pet Bucky’s hair, slick with perspiration and tangled from the drag of his fingers. Bucky tipped his head back, stubbled jaw chafing the inner curve of his buttocks as he rode Bucky’s face. His chest and shoulders were flushed, heat creeping up his neck toward the tips of his ears. “Jesus, Buck, that’s—fuck—that’s so good, god,” he gasped, letting go of Bucky’s hair and white-knuckling the headboard. The bed shook as he braced himself on his knees, hips rolling harder on Bucky’s dexterous tongue.Humming, Bucky slid his hands closer to his face, spreading Steve’s cheeks and teasing the slick stretch of Steve’s hole with his thumbs. Steve moaned and rose on his knees, giving him just enough room to ease two of his bionic fingers into Steve’s entrance. He crooked the digits, slipping his tongue in between the spread of metal.“Oh my god, Buck, I’m gonna come. Oh. Oh fuck,” panted Steve, writhing above Bucky, shivering when Bucky pushed rhythmically against his prostate, tip of his tongue wickedly tracing figure eights between his digits.“So do it,” murmured Bucky, freeing his fingers and guiding Steve back onto his face, tongue gliding over Steve’s hole. He squished Steve’s cheeks together, leaning into Steve’s heavy weight and pushing his tongue into Steve. Steve cursed and shuddered above him. Smacking Steve’s ass, he licked Steve through his release, Steve’s knuckles dragging along his forehead as Steve jerked himself through the last tremors of his orgasm.He continued dragging his tongue over Steve’s hole, Steve whimpering and folding over his head, hips shuddering before he lifted off of Bucky’s mouth.“Bucky,” whispered Steve, laughing as he rubbed his forehead against the comforter. Bucky spanked him as Bucky shifted out from between his legs. He looked back at Bucky and grabbed their lube, pushing it toward Bucky, “Fuck me.”“Is that not what I’d been doing?” asked Bucky, smirking and rubbing at the slight ache in his jaw. Steve narrowed his eyes at him, making him chuckle. “You sure you’re up for it, baby doll?” He gently dragged his fingers over Steve’s hips. Steve huffed, twisting around and pushing Bucky’s jeans down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bottom Steve
Rimming
Face-Sitting
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Dirty Talk
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

