Chapter 1: Darcy/Rumlow - Object Insertion, Spanking
    




Chapter Text
“That’s it, princess,” Rumlow says, voice a rumble. “Looking so pretty for me.”Darcy whimpers, forehead dropping to the bed. She’s on her knees and elbows, naked, with Rumlow behind her. His hand is between her thighs, fingers tracing where the handle of her hairbrush is disappearing into her. She closes her eyes, trying not to cry out when he taps the end of the brush, the handle sliding deeper into her. It’s not something she would normally do, she has a very extensive toy collection, thank you very much, but they’re in the middle of bumfuck nowhere, being babysat by SHIELD agents while Jane does her research, and Darcy hadn’t brought anything with her. She’d thought they would be here a week at most, she can make do with her fingers for a week, right?It had not been a week, and she absolutely cannot make do. It’s been nearly a month and Rumlow, the agent in charge of their security, refuses to let them receive any packages that he doesn’t personally check over, so she can’t really order herself a dildo. And there isn’t a shop within 100 miles, and even if she would go that far, she’d have to take a SHIELD agent with her. Look, it’s been a month, she hasn’t had anything but her own fingers inside of her in that whole time, and she was getting desperate. The handle of her hairbrush is soft and perfectly shaped, and god she was right, it feels good. Too good. Apparently her moan had been a little louder than she’d intended and Rumlow had burst into her room, thinking she was hurt.She wasn’t though, not at all, and as soon as he realized that, his eyes had darkened, roaming over her naked body. She was embarrassed, but then she’d seen the way he’d had to reach between his legs to adjust himself, and fuck it, he’s hot, she has needs. She’d opened her thighs wider, hoping how vulnerable she felt wasn’t showing, and he’d taken that for the invitation is was, crossing the room in three quick steps.So now she’s here, Rumlow slowly twisting the handle in her, eyes avid on where her wetness is smeared between her thighs. She starts rocking back, trying to get more, trying to get him to his to move it faster in her, only to still when his large hand lands with a smack on her ass. It’s not hard, more of a tease than anything else, but it feels good. She clenches down, moaning as heat blossoms through her.Rumlow chuckles, a deep rumble that makes her shudder. His hand smooths over her ass, right over where he’d spanked her. She has a thing, all right?“Is that so?” he asks. She just nods, not trusting herself to speak. His hand disappears, then he spanks her again. She cries out, the handle shifting inside her. “I need words, princess.”“Please,” Darcy whispers. “Please, Rumlow…”He slaps her ass again, even harder than the first two. She cries out again, a fine tremble starting in her arms. “My name is Brock,” he says, spanking her again. “Use it.”“Brock!” she gasps. He spanks her again and again, spurred on by her whimpers, her cries of his name. Her cunt squeezes down on the hairbrush handle each time she’s hit, not enough to get her off but enough that the pleasure is slowly building within her, making her a needy mess. Rumlow - Brock seems to love it, pausing every few strokes to circle her opening, moving the handle, once even pushing his finger into her next to it.“Fuck!” she gasps, clenching down, like she can keep his finger inside her. He withdraws it, a low laugh at her whine of displeasure. “Tease,” she grumbles.“Hardly,” he says, then he’s pulling the brush handle out of her. Before she can complain, he’s thrusting two fingers into her, curling them and brushing her g-spot. She whines, pressing back into his touch, the fabric of his pants rough against her reddened bare ass. He reaches under her with his free hand, callused trigger finger pressing against the side of her of her hard, sensitive clit. She’s coming and coming hard before she even realizes it. Brock’s hands are sure against her, knowing exactly how to play her body. He doesn’t let up, his fingers moving within and against her, prolonging her pleasure, until she’s collapsing forward, his fingers slipping from her body.She’s breathing hard, body trembling, when the bed dips, Brock lying next to her, propped up on one elbow. He runs a soothing hand up and down her spine. She thinks she should probably be embarrassed but to be honest she’d run out of shame years ago.“You know,” Brock says finally, fingers trailing lower down her back, over the swell of her ass. She makes a hurt little noise as his fingers bush her stinging skin, but she doesn’t want him to stop. “We can get you something better if you need to be filled.” Her breath catches and he pauses, like he’s choosing his next words carefully. His hand slips even lower, making her bite her lip. “Or, you can let me take care of it for you.”Darcy doesn’t even need to consider it, rolling onto her side to face him. His hand 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Thor

freeform: 
Spanking
Object Insertion
Paddling
Sadism
Masochism
Forced Orgasm
Oral Sex
Sex Pollen
Dubious Consent
Overstimulation
Vaginal Sex
Revenge Sex
Dirty Talk
Sex Toys
Daddy Kink
Blow Jobs
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Darcy Lewis
Alpha Brock Rumlow
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Nipple Play
Glory Hole
Bondage
Vaginal Fingering
Praise Kink
Knotting
Threesome - F/M/M
Creampie
Sensory Deprivation
Nipple Piercings
Double Penetration
Punishment
Knifeplay
Domme Natasha Romanov
Mirror Sex
Sex Tapes
Masturbation
Spitroasting
Erotic Electrostimulation
Violet Wand
Gangbang
Orgasm Control
Partner Swapping
Breeding

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Thor

