Work Text:
Bucky Barnes is a real little shit.It’s not that his motivations are ill-natured or that he means to cause trouble – although sometimes, he begs to differ on the latter – it’s just that, he can’t help it. Steve just brings out the best and worst in him, in all the right ways. Growing up, Bucky had never been particularly inconspicuous when it came to his sexual endeavours. Before the war, that meant picking up a nice dame during a night out dancing, only to sweet talk her into the alleyway around the back of ole’ man Pearson’s Grocer’s so he could fuck her against the wall, fast and selfish, with skinny legs wrapped around his waist. He’d had even less regard for it once in the war, back when echoes of bombs and gunfire and screaming had always kept him up at night. When your life was constantly on the line, you found pleasure wherever you could take it. Bucky never cared who it was with.Except that wasn’t entirely true. The only person it had ever meant anything to him with back then was Steve; childhood best friend and brother – shit, they were supposed to have been brothers – Steve Rogers, who was once all chicken limbs and gusto and stubborn defiance suddenly transformed into the pinnacle of all that was patriotic and saint-like when he exploded in size. They’d gone through Hell and back together during their time over in the Italian Theatre, and Bucky had never suspected in a million years that when he and Steve had been reunited in the war, it would lead to the affair that it did.Because Steve had been with Peggy – sort of, kinda, not officially. But Steve wasn’t supposed to be… like that. Bucky hadn’t even suspected he was a little on the queer side either; sure, he’d hop into bed back then with a fella about as quickly as he’d drop his pants for a pretty lady, but again, that had everything to do with the carnal desire to have sex – to feel human for ten minutes – and nothing to do with anything that even bordered on feelings.But of course, war has a funny way of showing a person what really matters. And on a night where Bucky had been sure he and Steve had used up all their good luck – having been separated from the rest of the Commandos and holed up and surrounded in some bombed-out little shack in the middle of fucking nowhere – and were about to bite the literal bullet, they’d somehow found it perfectly rational to grab each other and indulge in a rough, feverish kiss they would’ve never allowed themselves to succumb to back in Brooklyn.Of course, Bucky hadn’t died that day (not yet). And when they’d made it out alive and bivouacked that night back with their squad, Bucky had broken more than a few rules by dragging Steve out into the woods and seducing his closest friend into pounding him into a tree until his lower back was scraped raw from the friction of the bark. They’d survived as long as they had from then on out by seeking solace in each other – sneaking kisses and whispered words; pressing down on each other’s mouths to silence the other as their fists would make quick work of jerking each other off. They’d lead their team by day – kill and serve and protect and survive – and whenever they could get away with it, spend the nights swallowing each other’s groans and little gasps as their bodies molded together and memorized the other.For almost six months, they were each other’s deepest, darkest secret – and addiction. And they couldn’t tell a single person.Which is why Bucky doesn’t give a shit now if they’re out in public, or surrounded by the other Avengers during their weekly movie nights, or what-have-you – he’d promised himself that if there ever came a day that he could go without having to hide what he and Steve shared, he’d shout it from the motherfucking rooftops. (And he’d actually tried once, but Steve had yanked him away from the ledge and clasped a hand over his mouth with a look of mortification on his face.)The problem, apparently, is that you’re not supposed to start shamelessly rubbing your boyfriend’s crotch over his pants while you’re out eating dinner at a fancy restaurant. Apparently, you’re not supposed to straddle them on a whim while surrounded by friends so you can crush your lips together and start grinding down against their hips to try and make them hard. And apparently you’re really not supposed to make statements in public about how much of a man Captain America really is behind closed doors, just because you’re easy to piss off when you hear someone shit-talking your boyfriend.According to Steve, Bucky isn’t supposed to do any of that – and Bucky has absolutely no idea why. For a while, he just refuses to listen; he’ll cop a feel or send Steve dirty pictures when Bucky knows he’s in a meeting, or pick the most inappropriate times to casually lean over and start whispering in Steve’s ear how badly he wants the blond to bend him over the kitchen counter the second they get home and shove his dick in Bucky’s ass. He purposely pushes his boundaries be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
References to Tony Stark being the hilarious little fucker he is
Established Relationship
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Consensual Somnophilia
Blow Jobs
Rimming
lots of rimming
And even MORE rimming
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Dirty talking Bucky is the best Bucky
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Bucky Barnes is a little shit
And he always gets what he wants
Steve's just along for the ride
Not that he's complaining
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

