Work Text:
It happens when Mr Harrington leaves the room to pick up some copies from the library. One second Peter is looking down at his phone and the next, he’s staring up at Flash, who has appeared beside his desk like an apparition. “My father found out where the Academic Decathlon field trip is going to be. Would you like to know?” Flash says, folding his arms over his chest and smirking down at Peter.Peter has a feeling he doesn’t have much of a choice in the matter, so he sighs and pockets his phone. The last thing he needs is for Flash to make fun of his text to Mr Stark asking what’s for dinner that night. It’s Friday, and he’s spending the weekend at the compound. Why can’t the school day just end already?“Avenger’s compound,” Flash says even though he wasn’t asked. “Yeah, you probably didn’t know that since you don’t have any sort of connection to Tony Stark or the Avengers. Fortunately for me, my dad knows people in high places, including some really high up execs at SI. That’s how he found out.”“That’s really cool, Flash,” Peter says, his voice monotone. He really wishes Ned wasn’t in the bathroom. He’d rather not handle Flash on his own. “I hope his information is correct. Would be embarrassing if it were wrong.”Flash’s eyebrows draw together, and he purses his lips, narrowing his eyes down at Peter. “Why would my dad be wrong? Are you implying that you have different information?”“No, I just don’t care.” Peter leans onto his desk, his jaw on his left palm and facing away from Flash. He mutters, “It’s not like I haven’t seen the compound a million times anyway.”“What was that?” Flash’s voice is loud and sharp, and the whole room quiets down. “How would you be allowed to be at the Avenger’s compound?”Peter feels himself losing his patience. He’s tired and hungry and just wants to get out of school for the week. Having to deal with the third degree and the bragging from Flash every single day is wearing on him, and he’s had enough. So he sits back in his chair and looks up at Flash. “How many times do I have to say it?” he asks, feeling exasperated. “I am an SI intern. I know Tony Stark. Why wouldn’t I have been to the compound?”“Yeah, and no one believes you!” Flash shoots back immediately. “What’s so special about you? If you are an intern, and that’s a huge if--he obviously made the wrong choice picking you over me. Maybe he’s not as great as everyone thinks he is.”Peter is used to Flash saying mean things about him. He deals with it on a daily basis, and most of the time, he just lets it roll off his shoulders. He can take it. But what he can’t take is anyone, especially Flash, saying mean things about Mr Stark. So he stands up, his chair screeching against the floor. Half the people in the room flinch at the movement, but Peter barely sees them. All he sees is Flash, who is standing his ground in front of him. “Take that back,” Peter says.“Take what back? How you’re a loser and don’t deserve to intern anywhere much less at SI? Or the part where I implied you weren’t actually an intern there at all? Why would I take back the truth?” Flash appears to be taking this new development in stride, but he does take a step backwards when it’s clear that Peter isn’t backing down.“You can say whatever you want about me,” Peter says. “But Mr Stark one hundred percent doesn’t deserve it. So take it back now.”Flash just laughs and shoves his shoulder. “Whatever, Parker. I stand by my word. If he hired you as an intern, and that’s a big if, then he really is an idiot.”Peter’s not even thinking when he shoves Flash back, only he apparently forgets his strength because one second Flash is standing before him, and the next, he’s flying against a desk, sending it skidding across the floor and into another desk. Another student grabs Flash’s arm before he can trip and fall to the floor, and in the next moment, every single eye in the room is on Peter. And that’s when Peter realizes that Mr Harrington is standing in the doorway. “I leave the room for two minutes, and you can’t even behave yourselves?” Mr Harrington says, walking over to his desk and tossing the stack of copies onto it. “Peter, Flash, I’m going to have to send you to the principal’s office. You know the rules--no fighting! What is wrong with you two?”Peter feels a little numb. He can’t believe he stooped to Flash’s level, and he can’t believe he shoved him that hard. There is definitely something wrong with him. And now he’s going to get detention until the end of time, and he’ll never be able to go to the compound ever again. “Come on, Peter,” Mr Harrington says, sounding annoyed. He’s already gotten a hold of Flash, and they are waiting for him at the door. “Get moving!”The second Peter grabs his backpack and walks to the door with his back to the rest of his classmates, they begin chatting excitedly about everything that had just transpired. He does his best to ignore them and follows Mr Harrington and Flash out into the hallway. He wishes he c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Bruises
Bullying
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker forgets his strength
Irondad Bingo 2019

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

