Work Text:
Sam knew he was awake when he realized he was feeling an awkward mix of excitement and dread. He stayed still with his face in his pillow while he chased that feeling down. He'd learned in the last few years that it never worked out well when he went around feeling something without knowing why.He remembered first that he had been waking up like this more often than not since the day he helped Captain America take down SHIELD. He turned his head at that thought and realized that Steve wasn't in his bed anymore. That was when he remembered that on this particular morning, he felt like this because Bucky had come by last night. Sam heard the fridge door close and winced, thinking about what had been happening up against that door five hours ago. He couldn't put this off. He had to talk to Steve now, despite the fact that he'd had about two hours of sleep and zero brilliant ideas about how to tell Steve what had happened.Sam walked out into the kitchen to find Steve standing in front of the fridge eating blueberry yogurt.Even with everything else, Sam just had to stop for a second and stare. This was his life right now. Today, on this morning, while Sam stood here in his PJs, his boyfriend Captain America was in his kitchen eating yogurt, and Sam had to figure out how to tell him that he'd kind of arguably cheated on him with the Winter Soldier who was also, incidentally, Bucky Barnes, the other half of the thus-far-tragic love story of Steve Rogers' epic life. Sam shook his head at himself. Shakespeare maybe would have known how to say this, but Sam had nothing.Steve turned slightly, still not looking at Sam. He was, in fact, looking at the fridge. Sam tallied the points of interest in the room. Bucky's earpiece and the orange were gone from the counter. The bag was gone from its place by the front door, which Steve would have seen already because Steve was in his running gear and looking slightly tousled in the way he did after a run. The glass Sam had drunk from last night was sitting out on the counter, where Bucky must have set it down after he caught it. But Steve wasn't looking at any of that; he was looking at the fridge door.Steve turned, licked his spoon clean, and said, apparently calmly, "So Bucky was here last night."His gaze flicked down Sam's body, and Sam realized that the very most damning change in the room was him: he was wearing all different clothes than he'd gone to bed in."Yeah, he was," Sam said, completely wrong-footed. Steve seemed to be ready to run this conversation, so, fine. He'd follow Steve's lead. That usually worked out well, or at least got them to where they were going, give or take a few explosions.Steve nodded and turned to look at the fridge again; this time he raised his hand and touched it. Sam moved in close enough to see that Steve was tracing a shallow curve at shoulder height--a barely-visible line of dried sweat."You changed before you came back to bed," Steve went on. His voice was still perfectly modulated, shoulders still loose. "And you didn't wake me up."Sam nodded, waiting for Steve to actually ask him a question."He held you there for a while," Steve said. He flattened his hand against the fridge. "And you sweated right through your shirt. But you didn't make a sound to wake me, even after he was gone.""He covered my mouth at first," Sam offered.That made Steve turn and look at him. He had that same desperate hunger to know in his eyes that he'd gotten when he made Sam repeat back the phrases thanks and I liked it and I'll keep watch a couple dozen times in the space of a week. It hit Sam all over again, how much--how desperately--Steve loved Bucky. They hadn't been on the hunt together a week before it had been obvious to Sam how gone Steve was on this guy. He could play cool, collected Captain America laying out tactical objectives and search strategies, but the second Steve started talking about the Bucky he used to know, it just poured out of him. The topic of Bucky lit Steve up like nothing else, and Sam finally had an answer to that question he'd asked Steve back at the beginning of all of this: Bucky made Steve happy. Ever since Bucky had said hello via high-powered rifle Steve had been cultivating a crush on the new version, grabbing hold of every little scrap he gave them and holding on for dear life.That had made it kind of a stupid move for Sam to fall in love with Steve while watching him be head over heels for Bucky, but nothing about going on this mission with Steve was making the list of Sam's smartest choices. He had his eyes open--he got that he was along for the ride until Steve got Bucky back--and he wasn't lying to himself too much about what that was going to mean down the road. He still wouldn't trade this for anything; he knew that Steve loved him, too, on kind of a normal, survivable human scale that couldn't hold a candle to his thing with Bucky. It was nobody's fault--well, it was Hydra's fault, but not Steve's, or Bucky's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Polyamory
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Dating
secondary trauma

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

