Work Text:



It wasn’t the first time they’d gone against this guy—some rouge Mystic Arts man who’d taken to, well, not exactly terrorizing but perhaps pranking might be the better term.Strange was stressed about it because he also seemed to slip past his team whenever they found him—but then again, they only knew where he was when he was out causing chaos that ranged from simple things to not so simple things that required the Avengers to be called out.Hence why they were there when it happened.
Bucky was not a happy camper at the moment, after being awoken by the Avengers alarm, which mind you is loud, they were forced to go out at four in the morning because Lucas-whatshisname had decided now would be the perfect time to go out to cause chaos.And Toni wasn’t even here to take part—she’d joined Pepper on a business trip to New Zealand two days prior.She’s expected home tomorrow (today?), hence why he wanted to get some actual sleep, cause they hardly went a day without seeing each other and it had been three.(And they were a healthy couple that did things which couples engaged in. Hence the need for energy for when Toni returned.)Winter was even angstier then he was normally.Winter did not do well with not knowing vaguely where Toni was every few hours. It was likely an unhealthy coping mechanism, but they indulged him because it made him relaxed to know Toni was safe.FRIDAY had taken to reporting to Winter when he was being particularly anxious.Toni, for some reason, found it adorable, which she – which she probably shouldn’t, but when did that ever stop her?Bucky groaned but launched at the nearest animated teddy-bear.Why was he even doing this at this time of day? Like no one was actually awake to witness this shit show.Bucky continued to grumble under his breath as he made his way through the mini-army of goddamn toys towards the guy, who was laughing crazily happy-like.Everything seemed to be going along smoothly, however.Well, that was until Bucky finally got face to face with the guy. He hadn’t managed to move in time from a hurl of magic and it hit him, sending him flying and caused him to blackout.
His body ached when he woke up.The first thing Bucky really noticed was the strange empty feeling in his head.
‘Winter?’
There was no answer so he knew something was wrong, which Bucky knew for a fact because despite how Winter sometimes hibernates, he would always answer him.It made Bucky nervous.“Bucky?”Steve’s voice made him jolt. He opened his eyes to the familiar sight of the compound’s ceiling. When did they get back?Everyone was there, Steve, Natasha, Wilson, Lang, Barton, Maximoff, Vision, Rhodey, and… himself?He stared at his carbon copy.“Whatever the bastard did split us.”Oh.Oh.It was Winter.It explained why his head was so empty.“Okay.” He breathed, still trying to process but thankfully currently numb. (The shock would set in later, no doubt.) “How long was I out for?” He turned his attention onto the others.“Four hours.” Vision chimed in. “It is currently 8:25am.”“Now that you are awake.” Winter stood, shooting the ex-rouges a look, began to move towards to door. “I’m going to shave this thing off my face.”Winter had always hated the fact he’d chosen to grow a beard. He only stopped complaining when Toni complement the fact they looked good with one.Bucky snorted as Winter practically ran from the room.Although that could also be because he hated the ex-rouges and they didn’t particularly like him either. Which—rude, because Winter was him and he was Winter in ways that most would never understand.But Toni. Their gorgeous Toni knew.She might not have DID herself but she wore masks so often to please others that she understood.It was how they’d bonded in fact. 
A few days into their pardons and he was out in the compound’s zen garden, listening to the water and trees and just silence that he wasn’t able to get inside the building because of supposed Team Cap.Steve was, still is, an overwhelming presence most of the time.And Steve didn’t understand. He didn’t understand how the Bucky he knew back in the forties was gone and the Bucky he was now was forged because of everything he and Winter had gone through.Didn’t seem to understand and acknowledge that things were different, that time and events change people. Didn’t seem to understand that he himself was a different person then back in the forty’s.It was hypocritical of Steve.Winter got defensive and angry in Steve’s presence half the time because of things the blond said, and Bucky wasn’t exactly going to defend him.He did manage to rein Winter in enough not to attack them, however.But then Toni made herself known. Purposely, seemingly because they had been so deep in thought, talking to each other, that both hadn’t been paying attention.(It was rare of them to do that but they’d finally found a moment of peace, so they’d slipped.)“Hey.” He eyes were more whisky coloured than umber in the garden lights. “Wasn’t expecting to see you out he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Winter Solider/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Winter Soldier

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Threesome - F/M/M
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Magic
Insecure Winter
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark's C+ Parenting
She tried
Brooklyn Bucky
russian winter
not team Cap friendly
it's minor but there
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Fluff and Smut
Porn With Plot
Toni wears baggy sweaters
Digital Art
Cover Art
Established Relationship
Toni was born 1982
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Bucky and Winter are like siblings
they bicker
mostly about who gets to stand in their favourite spot at Toni's right
its a quirk from when they shared
idk why but it kinda adds to them as characters
its cute
Fluff and Humor
Winter's murderous desires
Winter's semi pent up aggression
he's working on it
Toni and Bucky are so proud
Double Penetration

fandom: 
Winter Solider/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Winter Soldier

