Chapter 1: Spiderman
    


Summary:

When Spiderman is badly injured saving Venom, the symbiote returns the favour and takes care of the young hero.



Notes:
Hi! Welcome to my first real attempt at a fanfic! Apologies for any mistakes, I don't have a proof reader (yet), and I'm writing my outline as I go.Also, I'm British, so I will most likely get things wrong with American terms and what-not. Please comment with any fixes that need to be made.This fic is set about a year after Venom (so this year 2019), but ignoring Infinity War, Endgame and Homecoming. Whilst writing this, I'm seeing Tom Holland as Spiderman ( around 17 so barely legal) and Tom Hardy as Venom.Neither know about the other's secret identity at the start of this fic.I'm taking most inspiration from the movies, the rest I'm researching as I've not read the comics.Hope you enjoy my fic! Please comment with stuff you like, I'm hoping to get 2 prologues and at least the first chapter uploaded within a week.Cheers!EDIT: For those who have already read this chapter, I've just edited it properly. It may change again at a later date, but for now I'm finally happy.I've basically added some extra details and remembered to add in the AI Karen in Peter's suit.Enjoy!




Chapter Text
Sitting on the stone edge of a housing block whilst chewing on a sandwich and drinking a can of pop, Peter contemplated the lack of criminal activity recently.
 
Not that he was upset by the lack of bad people to beat up or anything, but he sure was bored.
His patrols were now becoming more of a chore than anything, or just downright bizarre.
 
Over recent months, he'd hear a 911 call about a bank robbery or a gang-war in progress, only to get there and the bad-guy(s) be missing, and a terrified victim that would mutter about a 'shadow' or black mass that had eaten the would be assailant.
 
Of course, the clues could lead to anything, but there was one road Peter hoped it didn't lead down. Particularly, the road that lead to a certain sticky, black and white, out-of-this-world parasite, inhabiting some helpless shmuck that wouldn't be able to defend themselves. He had read the eye-witness accounts online, from the creature's first appearance in San Francisco, and although he was happy there were fewer criminals on his streets, he could only worry about the day the black alien turned its attention to innocent people.
 
Peter shakes the dark thought from his head, and thinks of better things, like his latest project to upgrade his suit, or...or...how about that blue-eyed hunk he'd saved last year? The cute-butt, rugged-in-a-handsome-way man, who just happened to be the baddass freelance journalist known as Eddie-freaking-Brock!
 
That short barely 2-minute moment had been on Parker's mind a lot. The full chapped lips surrounded by dark stubble, the short ruffled black hair, broad solid shoulders, and those eyes. Eyes that seemed to shift from blue to green depending on the angle of the light. All these things had been on Peter's mind for months.
 
Peter only knew who the mysterious, would-be-victim was thanks to a news article that was on tv barely a week after their meeting. Something about how he helped blow the whistle on some Drake guy over on the West Coast, in San Francisco.
 
Since then, Parker had read up on the now-freelance journalist's work, and saw in him an everyday hero, someone who was trying to expose all the bad stuff that went on behind the scenes. Someone Peter could certainly look up to, now that he was venturing into the world of journalism himself, or at least journalism-photography for the Daily Bugle.
 
Peter had even seen Mr Brock at a distance a couple of times now, since the freelancer had moved to New York earlier this year, and even started working at the same newspaper as Peter! He would sometimes catch sight of the journalist in the Publisher's office of the Daily Bugle, presumably selling a recent story. Every time, Peter had felt a shiver of excitement, that almost felt like his Spidey-sense tingling. But that didn't make sense, so he ignored it.
 
In the rare encounters they'd had where they could speak, either Peter stumbled over his words or kept silent. Embarrassing to say the least, but Parker was no-where near confident enough to have a full conversation with his idol...and his secret crush. Instead, Brock usually made small-talk about the weather, or about how much of a hard-ass Jameson, the Publisher of the Daily Bugle, was, especially when it came to negotiate the price of a story.
 
Peter could understand that, he could barely make a living selling the few photos he manged to take between patrols, working at Mr Stark's lab, and going to college. Jameson was a stickler for a good bargain, and always offered the least amount of money for the most work.
 
Peter shook himself out of his reveries to finish his food and watch the sun set on his city, before swinging off the roof to resume his search for baddies.
 
An hour into his nightly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Slow Build
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mutual Pining
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Age Difference
Blood and Gore
Gore
Violence
Gun Violence
Graphic-Violence
PTSD
Nightmares
Tentacle Sex
Masturbation
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Venom Is Described As He/Him
Peter is 17
Eddie Is 35
Plot With Porn
First Time
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

