Chapter 1: Once upon a time
    




Chapter Text
Tony could feel the onset of a headache when he spotted a familiar jet landing near theirs before the start of their mission. The Rogues (no, they were back to being Avengers now) were called in the field with them, again. The call was only for another two-bit villain with a few stolen Chitauri tech and a little knack for engineering that resulted in quite an army of robots that were deadset on destroying the city.  They didn’t need the unwelcomed back up. The Spider-kid took down one like this all on his own a while back. That bastard even had goods leagues better than this one’s, for fuck’s sake! Their villain of the month only had more products than the kid’s previous nemesis was the only reason that they were called in as a whole. Seriously, would it kill some of the members of the Accords Council to avoid putting both their teams on the same mission?  They could deny it all they want but those bastards at Capitol Hill were clearly still Captain America fanboys who think that rainbows came out of Rogers’s ass. They had all but swept the ‘Civil War’ fiasco under the rug when Rogers finally caved in (a miracle in and of its own) and signed the Accords after months of back and forth with him and his crew when they all got the pardons and returned to the States. The Captain America shine wasn’t dimmed in any way after he went rogue and killed civilians as well as law enforcers in Bucharest when he destroyed that bridge to save the love of his life. All of that because he couldn’t stand the idea of Barnes being held in a psych ward, evaluated and put under therapy before any trial for the crimes he committed as the Winter Soldier was levied against him.Rogers was also obviously gunning for Tony being back in his ‘family’, with him requesting meeting after meeting with the billionaire through the council, but Rhodey shot him down before he could even have a leg to stand on.  Now, there were two sets of Avengers—the Avengers and the New Avengers. There was Rogers and his little band of troublemakers plus the newly de-frozen Barnes on the former whilst Tony was in the latter with Hope, Vision, Spider-man while Rhodey and Carol lead.Stephen joins them when they called, clearly preferring them to the Avengers. Although, Tony could chalk it up to the fact that Rogers obviously thought there wouldn’t be a need for the fucking Sorcerer Supreme himself since he has his pet little witch thus, couldn’t be bothered with asking Stephen for help. The moron. Just because her powers were derived from an Infinity Stone it didn’t mean she was more powerful than someone who wields an actual Infinity Stone in addition to the latent mystic gift (okay, there’s that shudder now) awakened by his training in Kamar-Taj, and besides, it’s not like HYDRA was fully capable of training magic (ugh) users. Stephen rolled his eyes and snorted when Rhodey brought it up during a debrief saying he wouldn’t even be surprised if that was the case. Strange has never really bought into the aw shucks bullshit Rogers was peddling right from the get-go. That was most likely the only thing Tony would ever be envious of about Strange. He’d deny it to the end of his days when asked because Strange didn’t need any more boost to his ego. The asshole. In addition to a powerful sorcerer, members of the New Avengers were heavy hitters on their own. Iron Man and War Machine each had more firepower than the all branches of the military combined, the Wasp had all things that made the Ant-man suit formidable multiplied to a thousand plus expertise in close combat, Vision wields an Infinity Stone, Spider-man could beat both the Winter Soldier and Captain America in terms of strength. Captain Marvel, for the love of all things holy, could definitely squash Iron Man, War Machine, the kid, Rogers and Barnes down all at the same time without breaking a sweat if she so wished.  The Black Panther would have made an incredible addition to the team but, due to the fact that T’challa has a seat in the UN Accords Council as King of Wakanda, it would be a conflict of interest for him to be a permanent and active fighter in any team, especially a team that was based in US. The Accords created a different arrangement for him—placing the Black Panther in the reserved Avengers roster called only for the most extreme of missions like world-ending scenarios or cases that occur within the African continent. It made him a bit more of a free agent and enabled him to integrate himself into any team called into his territory—for the lack of a better word. Tony and his team also had better relations with other superhero teams, like the Defenders, which made any inter-team missions go smoothly. In all honesty, he was actually half-tempted to rename their team the Better Avengers, if only it didn’t sound tacky and could possibly trigger Rogers’s superiority complex.“Incoming.” Peter singsonged sarcastically over the comms as Rogers and his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
crack treated almost seriously
Jealousy
Tony doesnt want you near Rogers
shoo
Bucky Has A Crush
Oblivious Tony Stark
Rhodey is an over-protective older brother
Run Bucky
Winter Soldier tryna be smooth
but only ends in freaking Tony out
and the internet lives for it
not team Cap friendly
Y'ALL CAN AVOID THIS IF YOU ARE ON TEAM CAP
READ THE TAGS AND HEED THE WARNINGS
IN THIS HOUSE INFINITY WAR AND ENDGAME ARE NOT RESPECTED
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
I stand corrected this ain't crack
It's ME who is on crack
misunderstandings galore

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

