Chapter 1: Day 1: Masks (Jesper/Wylan)
    




Chapter Text
 
“What a dumb detour,” Jesper muttered as Kaz handed each member a mask that was intricately designed. They each had a different color, Jesper opting for red and of course Kaz chose the black one. Inej had looked ready to snatch it out of his hand on purpose but he held fast.

“More like fun. It’s a great change from that dreadful boat,” Nina said slipping the beautiful blue mask she was given onto her face.

“And you know, right before we try to break into a prison where we’ll possibly die,” Inej said, the purple mask now on her face.

“Way to make things light.”

Jesper watch Inej shake her head before she was pulling on the robes they ‘borrowed’ over her clothes. He slipped into his own that matched his mask, and once he was done his eyes shifted over to Wylan who had just finished dressing. His color was green and Jesper didn’t want to admit out loud, but the boy looked pretty nice. Nina had forced a pair of gold earrings, that covered his entire ear lobe, onto him. That definitely caught the most attention.

“Ok just go on your way. This celebration ends in the morning so just blend in, try not to get into any trouble and we’ll meet up at the end and continue on,” Kaz said as the sounds of people cheering and yelling were going on behind them. “Keep an eye on him.” Kaz told Nina while eyeing Matthias who gave him a look. Jesper just agreed with everything, wanting to get into the celebration now.

Soon the 6 of them were blending into the crowd. Chaotic yet weirdly organized. There were all different types of vendors, ranging from food, drinks, goods and clothing. It didn’t take long for the 6 of them to disappear from each others view. Jesper found a group of men playing card games for money and he felt right at home. Before the men even realized Jesper had all their money and he went from booth to booth, a drink now in his hand as his eyes ventured everywhere.

They stopped on a scene playing out in front of him. Wylan was there but holding onto his wrist was an obvious drunk man. After Wylan managed to get his wrist back he turned, only to run into another man who slipped his hand under his chin, his thumb rubbing against Wylan’s ear. Before Jesper could realize what he was doing, he was dropping his drink on the ground and stomping forward.

“Even wearing a mask you’re beautiful. Do you mind if we strip you to see if that thought holds true for the rest of your body?”

“Sorry gentlemen but he’s with me.” With ease Jesper slipped Wylan’s wrist out of the man’s grip, his arm now wrapped around his side. “We appreciate the compliment though.” Jesper whisked Wylan away, managing to get through a majority of the crowd before finding an empty alcove.

“Thanks,” Wylan said as Jesper let him go. He sat down on the empty bench, readjusting his mask since it had tilted slightly from him before thrown around.

“You know I thought I’d be pulling Nina out of a situation like that not you.”

“What? Am I not attractive enough?”

“Maybe those guys had low standards, plus drunks.” Wylan gasped as Jesper sat down next to him.

“Well I’m surprised more people weren’t circled around you, given that a majority of your face is covered up.”

“What are you talking about? The mask just hides my beauty so people would be lining up to get a look underneath.”

“You go ahead and keep telling yourself that.”

“Admit it, I’m a very handsome guy.” Wylan chuckled as he eyed Jesper.

“We’ve been traveling with Kaz and Matthias so that’s a hard statement to admit.” Now it was Jespers’ time to gasp while Wylan chuckled.

“You can’t mean that.”

“I do.” 

“Well, are they looking at you?” Wylan felt his face flush as Jesper had leaned in so their shoulders were touching.

“Great, the ugliest of the three is looking at me.”

“Don’t think I haven’t notice you looking also.”

“I haven’t,” Wylan said too quickly making Jesper smirk. He was starting to like the way Wylan reacted around him and only him.

“Oh but I think you have.” Their noses were barely touching as Wylan tried to control his breathing. He was waiting for Jesper to laugh in his face, pull away and tell him that it was all a fantasy. That they should go back to the celebration and wait till the morning came to meet back up with the rest of the group. But Jesper had other plans.

Before Wylan could get out a breath Jespers’ lips were against his. Wylan’s eyes went wide as Jesper did not waste time with a simple peck. His hand was grabbing Wylan’s chin as he made the boy opened his mouth more so he could slip his tongue in. The kiss lasted a couple of seconds before Wylan pushed Jesper back, taking in a deep breath.

“Jesper,” he breathed out, his hands pressed against Jespers' chest where he could feel the other boys heart racing.

“What? Don’t way to lay with the slums?”

“What?”

“Well I’m sure your dad would disapprove very highly.” Although Jesper was joking he saw something flash in Wylan’s eyes for a second, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Gideon/Will Grayson (David Levithan)
Jesper Fahey/Wylan Van Eck
Tyrannus Basilton "Baz" Pitch/Simon Snow
Bram Greenfeld/Simon Spier
Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield
Frodo Baggins/Sam Gamgee
Ronan Lynch/Adam Parrish
Bakugou Katsuki/Kirishima Eijirou
Eddie Kaspbrak/Richie Tozier
Bill Denbrough/Mike Hanlon
Ben Hanscom/Beverly Marsh
Ned Leeds/Peter Parker
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Aristotle Mendoza/Dante Quintana

freeform: 
Kinktober 2019
Masks
Mirror Sex
Vibrators
Rimming
Creampie
Masturbation
Ice Play
Phone Sex
Anal Fingering
First Time
Desk Sex
superhero costume
collaring
Voyeurism
69 (Sex Position)
Car Sex
Lingerie
Biting
Clothed Sex
Locker Room
Bathing
Praise
Outdoor Sex
Caught
Edging
Nipple Play
Blindfolds

fandom: 
Gideon/Will Grayson (David Levithan)
Jesper Fahey/Wylan Van Eck
Tyrannus Basilton "Baz" Pitch/Simon Snow
Bram Greenfeld/Simon Spier
Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield
Frodo Baggins/Sam Gamgee
Ronan Lynch/Adam Parrish
Bakugou Katsuki/Kirishima Eijirou
Eddie Kaspbrak/Richie Tozier
Bill Denbrough/Mike Hanlon
Ben Hanscom/Beverly Marsh
Ned Leeds/Peter Parker
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Aristotle Mendoza/Dante Quintana

