Work Text:
Thor heads to Loki's chambers with large, quick steps, his nostrils flaring every time he takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself down, but it's no use; he's seething and it's all Loki's fault.He can't believe he had to sit through hours of watching his little brother make a fool of himself as he flirted with the King of Vanaheim, even ending up sitting on the man's lap by the end of the feast.He knows that his brother drunk a bit more than he should and that he's still too young, hasn't learned yet to hold his liquor, but that's no excuse. Loki is a prince, he can't go around acting like a common whore. Especially when it gives their father awful ideas, like marrying Loki to the Vanir King, who's almost as old as the Allfather. Loki's barely an adult, for fuck's sake!Thor pushes the door of his brother's room open and invites himself in, ready to give his brother a lecture; Loki must learn to behave. And since no one else seems willing to teach him, Thor supposes it's his duty, as Loki's big brother, to do so.The stern expression on his face immediately softens a little when his gaze lands on the sleeping form on Loki's bed, and he approaches slower now, keeping his steps quieter.Loki has barely managed to get undressed, the pretty tunic he was wearing is still on but has ridden up, leaving his thighs completely exposed.The Vanir King's greedy hands touched him there, Thor's mind supplies unhelpfully and all the softness from Thor's expression vanishes.Why should Loki be able to sleep while Thor is still shaking with anger because of him? How is that fair, Thor thinks, feeling his blood boiling in his veins.
I believe we could find a way to strengthen our alliance even more. I am sure Loki would love to help with that, wouldn't you, my son?
Loki just nodded at their father's foolish suggestion and then giggled when the Vanir whispered into his ear, something that unfortunately Thor wasn't too drunk to not hear: you would make a wonderful Queen, little one.How could Loki just giggle and smile at such words!Thor's body moves of its own accord, and Thor does nothing to stop it. He lets his hands reach and touch Loki's knees and then thighs, pulling his tunic even higher, revealing more inches of milky skin. He burns with the need to touch him everywhere the Vanir King has, as if he wants to regain his claim on his brother, even though Loki has never been his.Hasn't he, though? A little voice inside his head questions, and Thor can’t help but consider it for a little bit, soon realizing that this is not the truth; Loki has been his all along. Until tonight, at least.Thor was the one Loki always looked up to, the one his little brother came to when he had a problem, the only one Loki giggled and smiled at like that, and now he lets himself being groped and humiliated by someone else in public, even agreeing to be his Queen.Well, maybe the King won't want him as his Queen if Loki was someone else's first, Thor reasons, just as he tugs at the tunic, moving it even higher and out of the way, enough for him to be able to see the pink folds of Loki's cunt.It takes him less than a second to decide that this is what he must do, already climbing into the bed. Perhaps if he was less drunk he'd think about it a bit longer, maybe he would even decide against it, but right now he finds no reason to dwell on it. It's what's best for both Loki and him; it’s his duty as Loki’s big brother. He nudges Loki's thighs apart, his hands lingering there, letting himself relish the smoothness of his brother's skin beneath his calloused palms. Loki's body is pliant under his touches, his breath coming out steadily in soft puffs, not even stirring as Thor shifts on the bed, settling between his parted legs.He pulls Loki's tunic up to his chest, not wanting it to get in the way of the view. He can't resist running his hands up and down Loki's thighs, only withdrawing them when he reminds himself that this is just a means to an end, nothing more.His fingers find Loki's entrance soon after, and he traces his soft folds, smirking when Loki's thighs twitch. He parts the smooth lips and spits between them, not wanting to hurt his brother. He's sure that Loki will grow wet eventually but for now this will do.He guides the saliva towards Loki's opening and slowly sinks a finger in, his breathing growing slightly heavier; he doesn't remember the last time he entered such a tight cunt, and he can't believe this would go wasted to the Vanir King. Thor obviously can't let that happen.He works his finger in and out and adds another one when he believes that Loki can take it, feeling his little brother's cunt cling around his thick digits. He pumps them in and out at a steady, efficient pace, unfortunately not having the luxury of time to indulge himself and enjoy this as much as he'd like to.He can feel Loki slowly loosening around him, his own slick finally starting to help Thor's fingers slide in and out of his body. Thor elicits the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Pre-Thor (2011)
Sibling Incest
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Size Difference
Vaginal Sex
distention
belly bulge
some breeding kink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

