Chapter 1: My labour had been to see gardens, lying at impossible distances.
    




Chapter Text
When the worst of the agony has been leached away by the ungentle hands of time, Laufey raises his get to his chest; it makes no sounds, no howling, lusty shrieks; there is only the echo of his own pain, and the fine, sharp music of wind passing through the icicles soaring high above.First there is shame, shame at what he has brought forth; anger at the wasted effort; a sour, black coloured humour at his presumption to think his own greatness allowed that he could take any such mate as he pleased and still make a worthy child to the mighty throne of Jotunheim.Wrong.The word tastes bitter on his tongue, alien in its shape.He stares down at the silent, shivering creature in his arms and wishes to dash its brains upon the nearest gleaming mound of ice. The red violence of it would please and soothe his high reaching outrage. His first-born child, and it is a tiny, strange thing...a mockery of his own shape and form.The infant has hair! Black as the deepest, coldest ocean that ensorcells the continent of Thrym. His sire had called it the Shadow of Fafnir, the dýr of the undertide that awaited all incautious Jotun who dared think the Sea was their domain. Laufey had not understood his sire afore now, for what was a shade under the burning brilliance of Vetrljós? He understands now, when he grasps a wet, thin strand of his own child's hair between his fingers; the infant is built of shadows, tricks of light and Jotun skin.And yet...The infant is vænn...beautiful. No Jotun is that. Laufey knows what he is, knows the shape of his people as he knows his own; there is no beauty in the Jotun race. Winter is beauty enough, in all its ungentle forms.But, here, in his hands, is that which all the other nine worlds prizes above all else: something fit to put an Aesir to shame.It is then that Laufey truly understands what it is that he has borne into his palace, into the long and unbroken line of Jotunheim's Kings.A tiny little godling all his own.The first-born son of Thiazi, of Laufey, of Jotunheim.Prince.~ * ~Laufey watches his son with clear, unblinking eyes; his shadow falls like the talons of the blood eagle on any of his subjects who dare touch his tiny, dark-haired child. He watches Loki grow in beauty and intelligence with each blooming of the green-ringed moon that turned its scarred and pitted face to Jotunheim once in each solar year.His son calls him father, sire, with such plain, naked joy; from Loki's little mouth, curved like the sweet sickle of a blade, the words stab at Laufey with a warmth he has ne'er felt.Pride, contentedness...love. These words, mere abstractions that Laufey could pick up and discard with all the passion of a disinterested animal, become true shapes under the brittle curvature of his bones. First he fears these things, all that Loki stirs in him, and then he learns to embrace them with a wretched abandonment.By the time Loki is able to pick his little body up from the shining floors of Harvetrtjald and walk some few steps on his own strength, Laufey takes to holding court with his tiny, bird like son cradled in his lap. Surprisingly enough, it is a fearsome sight to most Jotun, for what sort of creature could so bewitch a King into breaking with untold millennia's ancient practice? The weak, the small, the strange, were given to Fafnir, to the depths, so as not to offend those that were strong and true.To celebrate his Prince's first birth day, Laufey has the first nine hundred Jotun warriors who dared cast aspersions upon the Prince's worth, shape, parentage thrown unto the very Ocean that they had wished Loki given unto.From his father's lap, Loki watches with hooded, silent eyes, tiny fingers twined round the fat emeralds woven into his hair.Laufey knows what is in those carmine eyes; magick. He has birthed a rune-wielder, a mage, a sorcerer – the first in ten thousand years.As nine hundred unseeing, worthless Jotun sink into Fafnir's belly, Laufey pulls his son into the broad leeway of his chest and wraps the wolf's fur tighter round Loki's shivering frame. Loki makes a sound that might be laughter, and it rings in the high halls of his father's fathers like the munificent chiming of a hundred falling icicles.It is a beautiful sound, Laufey thinks.~ * ~Laufey grows hungry.The tides of battle shift on capricious winds, and afore the green-ringed moon rises again, War itself comes stalking to the gates of Jotunheim; with a maw red as a wolf's snout, Asgard turns its gaze on Jotunheim, as Jotunheim had turned its gaze on Midgard.It drags on, on and on.Laufey grows tired.~ * ~When Loki reaches four green-ringed moons of age, his magick burns through him like alien fire; Laufey returns from the battlefield with the blood of his enemies still steaming on his battered shoulders, and is brought low by the sight of his tiny first-born gripped by the ungentle hands of death. The bed swallows Lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki
Odin/Frigga
Subtextual Odin/Laufey

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe
Worldbuilding
Slash
Cultural Differences
Gender Issues
Unapologetic Crack

fandom: 
Thor/Loki
Odin/Frigga
Subtextual Odin/Laufey

