Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text

The wind had picked up drastically as the sun started to go. That wasn’t a good sign. He looked at Steve just in time to catch him holding back a shiver. 

“Are you sure you’re ok, Stevie?” He asked, trying not to move around too much.

Steve frowned, but didn’t take his eyes from the canvas as he made his last touches. “Hush, don’t talk.”

“I’m barely moving as it is.” An orange autumn leaf got caught on his ankle and he remained frozen in place, proving his own point. “Steve…”

“I’m fine.” he quipped. 

But not a second later, Steve sneezed when a stronger breeze rushed through them.

Bucky broke his pose and picked his bag from the ground. “That’s it. No more painting for today.”

Steve screeched dramatically, but allowed Bucky to take the brush from his hand with little resistance. They cleaned and packed with ease, putting the brushes and paints carefully in Bucky’s bag before moving away from the pound in the park.

“We have to come back here tomorrow, Bucks, I’m almost done.” Steve said, eyes still glued to the canvas in his hands, looking at it with shining yet critical eyes. It made Bucky’s chest radiate warmth. He shook his head, smiling.

“No problem, but you’ll catch a cold if you stay out a while longer, you know that.”

Steve huffed, but hugged his coat firmly around his tiny form. “Yes, 

Mom.”


He swatted Steve playfully on the back of his head and ignored the outraged pitch Steve let out in order to give a look around where they were going.

They’d left the park a few minutes ago and were now strolling down an old road. The street’s cobblestones were round and smooth with use and shone peachy tones from the sunset. The air was getting colder, but it was a perfect mixture of the chilly winter fragrance with a sweet hint of baked goods.

Baked goods?

His eyes fell instantly on the traditional looking building a few meters from them. Looked simple, but the smell coming from inside was divine. Bucky’s stomach grumbled.

“Should we go in there?” he pointed at the bakery.

“Yes, please.” Steve answered eagerly. Bucky snorted; it seemed he wasn’t the only one affected by the delicious smell.

As they opened the door they were attacked by a stronger wave of that same aromatic smell, accompanied by a warmth characteristically of cosy shops. The inside looked just as traditional and rustic as the outside had promised. Shades of brown and orange from the tables and chairs worked well together with the warm colors of the walls. There was a fireplace cackling alive on the far right of the shop, which gave the warmth a whole new meaning.

The tables were all empty, only a couple were in the shop aside from them, but they were already leaving the bakery with a few take-away bags that would probably feed a party of twenty. As the couple closed the door behind them, they were left alone with the barista, who had his head tucked underneath the counter.

Steve left his side and shyly made his way to the cakes shelf and Bucky didn’t fight the smile that delicately made its way to his face. He ogled all the different cakes with a passion reserved only for desserts. How could someone so small eat so many sweets and never get fat? Bucky would never understand Steve’s metabolism.

There was a tapping noise coming from their right and both looked back up to the barista. Bucky’s smile faltered. The man was shorter than him, although not as short as Steve. He had the sweetest of smiles on his perfect lips and happy wrinkles in the corners of his perfect hazelnut eyes. His hair, which looked perfect to comb with his fingers was a dark brown, almost black, depending on the lightning. Bucky gulped dryly.

He was wearing an orange polo shirt, which was probably the store’s uniform, underneath a black apron. The color worked wonders with his brown-ish skin. He held up a notepad to their faces.


‘Welcome to Star Cakes. My name is Tony, I’m mute. I’ll be communicating with you through the notepad. How may I help you?’

 was written down, in an exemplary cursive.

“Uh
—
” He’d been so focused on the man he forgot to decide what to order, “I would like a hot cocoa and one of these.” he tapped his prosthetic fingers against the counter’s glass displayer, pointing at the banana cinnamon cake.

Steve stood straighter and cleared his throat, “Could I have a mochaccino and a dark chocolate cupcake, please?” he said it so fast Bucky wasn’t sure Tony understood half of it. He caught Steve getting red by the corner of his eyes and something inside his head clicked into place.


Oh

.

Bucky smirked predatory. Steve seemed as attracted to Tony as he was. He liked this information, it meant that
—


‘Anything else?’

 

“Yes, actually.”
—they should flirt. Steve’s eyes widened only a fraction. “These.” He grabbed two pink truffles that were over the counter. “For the sweetest thing in this bakery,” Bucky smiled charmingly. “You.”

It was captivating seeing someone so beautiful getting flustered a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Bakery
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Mute Tony Stark
Fluff
Flirting
Getting Together
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Sign Language
Teacher Steve Rogers
Teacher Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Cheesy
Some smut but is mostly fluff
Tony likes taking care of kids
Human Disaster Tony Stark
Past Abuse
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
Tiberius is a horrible person
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

