Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The winds that weren’t winds tore at him in the empty space between dimensions. The faint, trailing scream of, “Doctor!” lingered in his ears, but this time he didn’t fight. He gave in and fell. His successor was ready, yet another threat defeated, and he was just so tired. No one even remembered his first name anymore. None of his order asked him for it. It seemed an age, as nothingness pressed against open wounds, and it didn’t matter if his eyes were opened or closed, the scenery didn’t change. He should be more patient, after so many centuries alive. Threat after threat defeated, and each one tearing away a piece of himself until he felt riddled with holes as he struggled to hold onto his title and kept failing to live up to that first oath. Not to mention the chronic pain that he should be accustomed to, but that hurt no less throughout his too-long life. He should be more patient, but he wasn’t. Surely his end would finally come. Soon. He felt himself hit…something. Nothing physical, and yet it somehow felt soft and elastic. Almost bouncy. By all means, he should have been flung back, but it was unlikely he actually had any sort of momentum. Just the illusion of it. Just his mind tricking itself into experiencing something that made sense. This whatever it was – dimension, it must have been, though he’d never traveled like this before, which might explain why he was so confused by it – seemed to almost cradle him. It sucked him in, slowly, and he resigned himself to whatever happened next. Maybe this was what it took to finally remain dead. Too much to hope for, apparently.  He didn’t know if he passed out or simply blinked, but suddenly he lay in a field of grass, blinded by the sun. He groaned – mostly in pain, only a little in disappointment – and turned over to hide his face in the ground. Through bleary eyes, he could barely make out just how torn and dirty his robes had become. The unmistakable bloodstains were vaguely irritating, as were his open wounds.  He sighed and let the tension flow out of his body. Focused on his senses. He might as well get some idea of this world. It felt similar to his Earth. Though, it lacked the buzz of the technological metropolis his world had become. He had to concentrate to sense the background hum of technology present, so either he was in a time period long before his end, or long after. Assuming history was as similar as this world felt. He let his mind drift for a long while, waiting for the energy to move. Then for the motivation.  At last he heaved himself upright and sighed. He should at least explore his new...home, he supposed. But he was so tired of being responsible. Of being in charge, and looked to. So tired of being Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme. Of just being himself. Moments later, a pale-eyed raven took to the air in a flurry of black feathers.  It should probably worry Stephen that the only time he took human form anymore was either cleaning up after hours at a local Y or the equivalent, or to do research in libraries. If he were in a better frame of mind, it probably would. As it stood, he felt content in any shape but his own. Shapeshifting had come to him with nearly the same ease as astral projection. Whatever it took to escape his body. His favored forms were generally a raven or a raptor in the air, or a cat if he was slinking through city streets. Animals too big or intelligent to be easy prey. Then he could take a backseat to the animal instincts and just not think. Not worry. Easily find a hidey-hole to hunker down in when the ache in his hands, or paws, or wings flared up. This world wasn’t so different from the one he’d known. He couldn’t remember all of the details, of course – World War II, for example, had names and battles that he didn’t recall studying in his long-ago youth, and it was a toss-up whether or not that was a fault with his memory. Likewise, were Sokovia and Wakanda new countries, or had they just been renamed? But the big things seemed to be the same.  Once Stephen felt a bit more settled and less ignorant, he flew the one-day journey to Greenwich Village in New York. He’d felt the mystical shield around the Earth almost immediately, of course, but his long guardianship of the New York Sanctum compelled him to take a look in person. Even if he had no intention of making himself known. He begged for his dinner as a cat, and then perched as a crow on the building across the street from 177A. He ruffled his feathers and settled. It was quiet, but it was definitely and recognizably the New York Sanctum. Not under his own mastery, of course. His counterpart had died early in this world, and even then, if history followed, Stephen Strange would not have made it to Kamar-Taj for a few years. The different feel of the magic and warding reflected whatever Master was in charge now. Master Drumm, he assumed.  Stephen considered entering. It wouldn’t be hard, although doing so undetected might be.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Dimension Travel
Shapeshifting
Canon Rewrite
Maybe - Freeform
I don't exactly have a plan here
Stephen spends most of his time as animals
Tony has some suspicions
Living Together

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

