Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky stared at his reflection in the opaque glass viewing window. The SHIELD manacles that wrapped around his arms, wrists, chest, thighs, and ankles were at least four inches thick, bisecting his reflection into the fragments of a man encased in metal. They were solid iron, if Bucky had to guess, and probably tested rigorously by the Hulk before being deemed strong enough to hold the enemies of SHIELD. Bucky stared at his own bored looking face as time seemed to drone on indefinitely. He wished there was something else for him to look at but SHIELD wasn’t exactly known for their interior decorating skills. Very few organizations put much thought into what the inside of a cell should look like. Hydra certainly hadn’t and SHIELD was no different. Bucky wiggled his fingers. That was about as much as he could move without getting in trouble. He’d been yelled through a speaker yesterday for shifting in his seat too much so he ignored the cramping stiffness in his legs and forced his mind to wander. He thought about Shuri and Okoye, Captain Rogers and his two pals, his old Captain during the war, and his boss at the Brooklyn docks. Somewhere along the line, a song snagged at the back of his mind and stuck. Almost unconsciously, Bucky began tapping his shiny vibranium fingers against the solid arm of his chair. 
Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap.
The rhythm felt familiar. It was the beat of an old song from decades ago. He tried to place the tune as he kept banging out the beat that skirted around the edges of his memory.
Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap.
It was nice. Ever since he’d been taken in by T’Challa and Shuri, things had been getting better. Bucky didn’t exactly understand what Shuri had done in his head but now he knew the song he was thinking of wasn’t buried by some Hydra programming trying to squeeze the humanity out of him. He just couldn’t fucking remember. What was more human than that?
Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap.
It was a jazzy song. It had a spring in it. It was something you could really dance to.
Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap.
It was right there, on the tip of his tongue.
Tap tap ta-tap. Tap tap ta-tap. Tap ta—
“Please, refrain from tapping,” a voice over the intercom said. Bucky stared up at the little speaker in the upper corner of the small white room. Then he looked back at the glass viewing window and gave it a big exaggerated pout before lifting his middle finger as much as he was able to through the restraints and then huffing out a quiet breath and sitting still when there was no response. He wondered who was watching him from the other side of the glass and what they were saying about him back there.He’d been in SHIELD custody for four weeks now and each day was more unfathomably boring than the last. The highlights of his imprisonment occurred when someone came to interrogate him. It didn’t happen every day but at least Bucky had someone to talk to when it did. Not that interrogators were particularly good conversationalists but Bucky wasn’t exactly in a position to be picky. Fury came once; that meeting was stupidly unproductive. There had been six psychologists; none of whom returned for a second interview, and even two military interrogators. Then there was the Scarlet Witch. Bucky liked the Witch. She was his ticket out of this place, he was sure of it. It had been obvious from the beginning that no one was going to believe him when he said he wanted to join SHIELD and the Avengers and Bucky didn’t blame them. It didn’t matter how many interrogations he sat for or how many lie detector tests he took, there was always the possibility that he was just an exceptionally good actor. Besides, Hydra had over 70 years to make sure he could pass any test SHIELD gave him so it was no wonder he’d been strapped to this chair the second he’d been spotted at SHIELD’s front door amidst the wet January snow.Bucky hadn’t been sure how he’d convince them to let him out before the Witch arrived. He sort of just figured he’d keep repeating himself until he wore them down: “No, I’m not with Hydra anymore. Well, they imprisoned and tortured me until I was just a shell of a human being with no autonomy. No, I didn’t want to do the things they made me do. No, I’d rather die than go back there. I want to help you destroy them.”It wasn’t working.Then, one day, about a week ago, a young woman walked into his cell. She was small and pale with long dark hair and smokey eye makeup. Bucky had seen her once before on the news in Wakanda. She was an Avenger; one of the new ones. He didn’t know exactly what she could do but, from the look of things, she was pretty powerful, especially if she’d been sent in to speak to him alone. She’d stared at Bucky for a minute and Bucky had stared back. Then she raised her thin fingers and suddenly red fog was shimmering in front of his eyes. It didn’t hurt, but he could feel her poking around in his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
Enemies to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
POV Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Captain America Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Deaf Clint Barton
Bucky Barnes & Clint Barton Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Wanda Maximoff Friendship
Implied/Referenced Torture
Brief Insecurity
Guns
Love Confessions
Making Out
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Implied Bottom Bucky Barnes
Implied Top Steve Rogers
Spoilers for/References to the Princess Bride/Ratatouille/the Martian/Coraline
Friendship
Avengers Movie Night
Translation Available
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

