Work Text:


“Natasha. My office. Now.”


Those were the words that rang in her head as she said opposite of Steve Rogers, the headmaster of her college. 

She berated herself in her head. A rookie mistake was what landed her in this predicament. You don't talk openly about attending a house party your senior was hosting, you don't talk about getting wasted in the hallways, especially if you are the only twenty year old student in a campus filled with people who are in their mid-to late- twenties at least.

But that’s what happens when you are under the legal drinking age and your headmaster overhears your plans to break the law. 

“So I’m going to assume this wasn't going to be your first...party.” Steve said. He sat on his chair, his hands clasped over the table as he stared her down, “Need I remind you that you are underage.”

“Drinking wise, yes, but besides that I'm very much an adult.” she defended, “Besides, with all due respect, I'm turning twenty one in a month.”

“That doesn't matter.” he retorted sternly, “You could be turning twenty one tomorrow for all I care, but it still isn't right.” with a huff, he continued, “It’s my job to be making sure you’re not doing something stupid Natasha. You’re not going to that party.”

Natasha frowned, her displacement shown clearly on her face. Steve raised an eyebrow, leaning forward, “You have something to say?” he asked, voice deep. 

Fuck, she thought, he’s so hot. 

When Natasha was forced to join the college years ahead of her time, she was convinced she’d be miserable. For the most part, she was right, but the only saving grace of the place was Headmaster Steve Rogers. 

He was a tall, thirty year old man sporting a lovely rugged looking beard that made him look so hot it made her heart beat faster. He wore those dorky teacher-suits but it did nothing to hide his bulging biceps. She was lucky enough that he was also her Physics teacher and instead of focusing on Quantum Mechanics, she was drooling over him. No doubt he had caught on to her attraction for him, her flirting didn't help hide it but Natasha was never one to shy away from a challenge. What she wants, she gets. 



Mostly. Steve was annoyingly stoic, responding to her flirting by dismissing them altogether. She would have stopped in fear of making him uncomfortable, but she’s seen the way he looks at her. It’s when he doesn't think she can notice that his eyes do a full sweep of her body and it makes her shiver. He wants her. She just needs to goad it out of him. 

But it wasn't just lust, Steve was also a nice guy who genuinely cared about his students. There have been countless incidents where he’s gone out of his way to make sure everyone is OK and on track. 

Like now. 

She bit her lip and cheered internally when she saw his eyes trail the action. “I’m sorry,” she said, “I promise I won't do it again.”

He hummed, clearly not convinced, “OK. So what do we do if you break your promise?”

“You can punish me.” she said, unashamed.

“...Punishment? Not a bad idea but i’m pretty sure you’re thinking of a different kind of punishment.”

“Maybe.”

“Hmmm. Bet your father would love to hear how you’re trying to get your principal to hook up with you.”

She frowned but shrugged, “I don't care about him. I care about you, and I don't see you complaining.”

He didn't really seem to have a response to that. So he simply pushed himself off the chair and made his way to the door, opening it for her. She sighed as she got up as well, ready to leave. 

But before she could, he blocked her path.

“Are you still planning on going to that party?” he asked, “Because if you are, I might as well punish you now.”

Natasha looked up at him as a grin slowly appeared on her face. She knew he was into her. 

“Oh, I'm definitely still going.” she said, “and I'm going to have a 

wild 

time.”

“Yeah?” he huffed, leaning a bit closer, “How wild?”

“I’m going to get so wasted...might hook up with someone too if I feel like it.” she smirked at the frown on his face, “But don't worry, I'll be thinking about you the whole time.”

“You know what.” Steve said, voice suddenly an octave lower, “I’m a bit tired of your flirting.” he shut the door and locked it, making Natasha’s body tingle with excitement. 

“If it a punishment you want…” faster than she could process, he bent down a bit to loop his arm around her back, his hand ending at her stomach, before he stood up straight and lifted Natasha along with him. He easily tucked her against his hips, securing his hold. 



Natasha squealed as her legs lifted off the ground. Steve was carrying her so easily with one arm, her guess was right, he was freakishly strong and she loved it. 

“I’m going to give it to you.”



Because of the way he was holding her, with her butt facing him and her head facing the back of his shoes, Steve found it very easy to march to his desk and sit on the ledge, adjusting her body accordingly. He needed all access to her ass for what he wanted to d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Top Steve Rogers
Dom/sub
Dominance
Dom Steve Rogers
Tony Feels
Bottom Tony Stark
Sub Tony Stark
Female Tony
Smut
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Porn with Feelings
Spanking
Oral Sex
Sex
Rough Sex
Sex Toys
Vaginal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Office Sex
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Sex
Punishment
Hand Jobs
Pussy Spanking
Discipline
Alternate Universe - Teachers
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Teacher Steve Rogers
Teacher Steve
Student Tony
Older Man/Younger Woman
Humiliation
Praise Kink
Consensual Kink
Creampie

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

