Work Text:
Any worries that Penny might have harbored about fitting into the Starks’ lives faded quickly. She slipped into their world as if she’d always been there. She played with Morgan and spent time in the lab with Tony and had girls' day out with Pepper. She still patrolled a few times a week in Queens, though Tony and Pepper had set down rules and guidelines that were stifling but probably fair.Tony had already been Morgan’s main caretaker for years while working part-time creating technology for Stark Industries, so he was the one that drove her to school and packed Penny’s lunch and signed her permission slips. “Here,” Tony said and handed over the Iron Man lunch box he’d insisted on giving her. It was temperature controlled on the inside and required her fingerprint to open because he couldn’t even keep himself from tinkering with her and Morgan’s lunchboxes, of all things. A few people had made fun of her for having a children’s lunchbox but Penny didn’t care. She loved it, of course, she did, Tony had made it for her. “Noodles and dumplings. If your - if Pep asks, there were vegetables involved. Lots of vegetables.”Penny took it from him and chewed on the corner of her lip, deciding not to think too hard about what he might have been about to say before he caught himself. Then she leaned up and kissed his cheek before she could talk herself out of it.“Thanks,” she said then escaped to her room to collect her books without checking for his reaction. There had been plenty of hugs and affectionate gestures from Tony and Pepper the past two months, but this was different. She used to give Ben and May a kiss on the cheek before she left for school every morning. It hadn’t been that long but she already loved Tony and Pepper so much that it just felt natural. Tony didn't say anything when she came back out but he did wrap his metal arm around her shoulders. “Come on, Morgan, time to go to school! You’re going to make your sister late!” Penny ducked her head but knew Tony saw her smile before he went to drag Morgan from whatever was keeping her. She did end up being late for school by a few minutes but the teacher just accepted her note with a smile. She’d been getting a worryingly large amount of leeway since Tony told Mr. Morita that he was her guardian and asked him to keep it quiet. She assumed Mr. Morita had told the teachers to go easy on her, though she couldn't figure out what reason he gave them. It was disconcerting, but Tony had pointed out that as a Stark she’d have to get used to people treating her differently. And that it wouldn’t always be in a good way so “it balanced out.” Penny mostly thought it was embarrassing. Her tardiness was always related to Spider-Woman or Tony and Morgan’s inability to get anywhere on time, though, so she tried not to dwell on it. Flash, of course, had noticed the new trend of Penny never getting in trouble for her frequent tardiness or skipping of classes. He had mostly left her alone the past few months and she assumed that was also a result of Mr. Morita’s new quest to make the secret future-Stark as happy as possible. She couldn’t decide whether he was hoping for sizable donations or for Morgan Stark to apply to Midtown when she was old enough. Probably both. Whatever it was that Morita had said to him to keep him in line it had resulted in Flash spending a disturbing amount of time brooding in her general direction, his glares getting more and more intense as time went on. Mostly she just brushed it off. She’d been so happy these past few months between finding a family and her friendship with Melissa and Lenny that it didn’t seem important. Today’s tardy must have been the last straw, though, because he strode over to her at lunch, all false bravado and bitter rage, sending her spidey sense tingling mildly up her spine. “Saw Stark drop you off  late this morning through the window,” he said. “I guess that internship came with a few perks, huh?”Penny exchanged a look with Melissa and decided to stick to her usual and just ignore him. In true Flash fashion, he kept pushing. “I mean, I thought it was weird that he’d choose  you  of all people as his intern, but now it’s pretty clear why after that walk of shame.”Penny’s whole body went still before she turned towards him and looked him in the eye. He smiled, sharp and smarmy, probably ecstatic to finally get a rise out of her. He leaned towards her but didn’t bother to moderate his volume. “That’s right. Tony Stark doesn’t need some girl’s help in the lab, but he might need her for...other things.”A glance around proved that there were no teachers in sight, though they had gained an audience of students. It even looked like someone had taken out their phone to record her being bullied. Awesome. “Leave me alone, Flash,” she said while she slipped the fork she’d just accidentally bent finger-shaped marks into inside her lunchbox and closed it.“What, don’t want anybody to know how you earned that internship?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
Protective Tony Stark
Female Peter Parker
Bullying
Sexual Harassment
tony stark takes no prisoners
BAMF Peter Parker
Don't copy to another site
That tag should not be needed

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

