Work Text:
“Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.” You said staring down at your hands in your lap, your face flushed.“Go on” Father Steve’s gentle voice responds from the other side of the screen in the confession box.“I gave into temptation Father. I just couldn’t control myself.” Taking a deep breath before you went on to explain. “I was watching this movie last night in my room, everyone at uni has seen it and I didn’t want to be the only one who hadn’t, but as I was watching I got this warm feeling in my panties. It made me feel tingly all over and I couldn’t help it and I started rubbing myself on my pillow. I kept rubbing until I started shaking and I don’t know what happened, but I got the pillow and my panties all wet. I felt so naughty Father, I know it goes against what the bible teaches us, but it felt so good. Please forgive me, Father Steve, I don’t want to go to hell.”“Y-you were right in coming to see me Y/n, to pleasure the body is sinful, but I am here to help guide you in the right direction. Now, what movie were you watching when you felt this way.”“Fifty shades of grey, Father” You gulped, you hoped he never heard of it so he wouldn’t know how bad you truly did sin. Little did you know that Father Steve had heard of this movie and while he never had seen it, he knew all the horrible sinful behaviour it showed. Knowing what you had been watching, made it that much harder not to imagine how confused and aroused you must have been at what was being shown. Moving his hand to adjust the quickly tightening bulge in his pants, he was glad you couldn’t see him right now. He had never had someone so innocent and naïve come talk to him like this and it was affecting him a lot more than it should have.“I know what can help purify your soul and keep you out of hell. Come kneel in front of me and I will show you.” Father Steve said between the screen. You didn’t even hesitate to do as he asked and soon enough you were opening the door to his side and kneeling like he wanted you to in front of him.

“Ok Y/n, there is a special cream inside of this.” He said grabbing the bulge in his pants.“Just like the guy in the movie” You commented, eyes completely focused on his pants.“Yes, exactly like that. Most males have this special tool, called a penis, but since I am someone so connected with God inside of mine there is a special healing property that helps reconnect a person back to God.” He says as he unbuckles his pants and pulls the zipper down, reaching into his boxers he pulls out a big stick.Your eyes widen immediately, you had never seen something so big, even in the movie they never showed what it looked like. No wonder it was so magical, if that was the size it must be powerful.“So, I have to get the cream out to be healed.” You said moving your hand to touch the big stick, or as he called it his penis. Father Steve moaned at your touch, causing you to giggle and move your hand all-around to examine him. It felt like nothing you had ever held before.“Is it working Father?” You ask excited that some white goo seemed to be coming out of the tip, that must mean you were closer to being forgiven.He groaned “Yes Y/n, you’re on the right track. Soon you will be forgiven for all your sins of the flesh.” You grinned big and wide as you continued, bringing your tongue down to it like you had overheard your friends say when they talked about boys. Maybe if you tried some you would be cleansed inside too. Taking little licks, you move your eyes up to see if this was ok, but all you saw was his lips in-between his teeth and his eyes staring down at you with this dark intense stare. His eyes made you feel the same warmth in your panties as with the movie and you couldn’t help but clench your thighs together. Opening your mouth, you got the tip of his penis inside your lips and began sucking like it was a lollipop. That was sure to make the healing come out quicker. Not that it mattered how long it took as you were having so much fun. No wonder people felt so free after confessing their sins.

Father Steve brought a hand through your hair to help guide you with getting the healing cream out faster, bringing your mouth further down on his penis. He kept pushing until you felt him at the back of your throat forcing you to gag around him. Groaning he bucked his hips further down your throat, not meaning to but unable to stop himself with how good you felt wrapped around him. Tears were falling out of your eyes, but you didn’t want to stop him anyway, you knew this would help repent for your sins, especially since you could feel how tingly you were getting again. You didn’t even get this wet with the movie. Bringing both your hands to his hips, he starts moving up to meet your mouth. He had his head back and his eyes closed, looking the way the man in the movie did before he shot his cream out.

You tried to move your head off of him to ask him something but at that moment he groaned and pushed harder on your head
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers x Y/n

freeform: 
Priest Kink
Priest Steve
Catholic Steve Rogers
Crack
Dumb Catholic Girl
Naive
Innocent
virgin
Loss of Virginity
Tricked
Taking Advantage
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Animated GIFs
Confessional
Confessional Sex
Confessions
Sins of the Father
Sins
I'm Going to Hell
Not Proper Priest Behaviour
handjob
blowjob
Oral Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Grinding
Dry Humping
Multiple Orgasms
Healing Sex
Healing Cum
Magic Cum
Bad priest
unholy thoughts
sinning
Fucked Up
cumming inside
Wet Panties
Smut
impure
Fifty Shades of Grey References
Not Exact Details Though
Some also not in the movie but pretend it is
Alternate Universe
sex gif
porn gif
Erotic Gif
Explicit Gif
Reader-Insert
Original Character(s)
special cream

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers x Y/n

