Work Text:
Steve can’t get drunk, but he finds himself at the bar.Steve can’t get drunk, but he finds himself drinking anyways.Alone. That comes as no surprise; for all intents and purposes, he supposes that maybe Dugan or Falsworth would be there to join him, and if he tried to go look, he’s sure he could find Peggy. Peggy may not care for the drink, but if Steve asked her, he guesses that she may want to dance.Steve can’t get drunk, but he finds himself in a bar in the middle of Germany. There are people all around him, and they talk, but he can’t hear what they’re saying. This doesn’t seem strange to him. There’s no bartender – Steve sits at the countertop on a stool, all alone – but his glass never stays empty regardless. His lips part and then seal over the rim of the glass; tilt it, watch the liquid slide towards him, feel the burn in the back of his throat – the momentary warmth in his belly – as it goes down smooth.He wishes he could get drunk. It’d make everything hurt a lot less.He’s in a bar in the middle of – Germany? No, it looks different now; familiar. Steve can’t get drunk, but he finds himself at a bar in Brooklyn. There are a lot of memories within these walls; ones he never wants to let go of, and ones he just wishes he could forget. It’s no less crowded but still, no one talks to him. Across from him is a mirror on the wall. It’s cracked and could use a good washing. Steve looks at it; sees himself staring back, and his reflection tutts and makes a sorrowful sound because he’s all alone and it’s just so sad.He can feel someone approaching him from his left. From his peripherals, he acknowledges them getting closer and closer, but he just keeps staring at himself in that mirror and absentmindedly twirls the amber liquid around in his glass.The stranger sits down beside him. Their smell is familiar.“Bit pathetic to be getting shitfaced all by yourself, ain’t it?”Steve knows the stranger’s voice all too well, but it just isn’t possible, it just isn’t. Eyes widening, he startles and turns his head to take in the sight of Bucky staring right back at him, smirking as though Steve’s world hadn’t fallen apart around him. Steve can’t believe it, he just can’t, because how can Bucky be here? How can he be here when the last time Steve had seen him, he’d been reaching out desperately to grab his hand, with a look of naked terror that Steve had never seen him have before.The last time Steve saw his best friend Bucky, he’d been falling from the side of a train with a scream that replayed over and over again in all of Steve’s nightmares.  “Buc… Bucky…?”That shit-eating grin still hasn’t left that familiar face – familiar like home, before serums and wars and Tesseracts and super soldiers. He just chuckles and slaps a hand onto Steve’s meaty shoulder and replies, “Course it’s me – we said you’d owe me a drink after that whole shit show on Zola’s train, didn’t we? Now c’mon, I want my drink.”Steve can only stare, wide-eyed and in a stunned silence. Bucky hardly notices; he suddenly has a full glass of whiskey in his hand, even though there’s no bartender, but that doesn’t seem strange to Steve. The only thing that he can’t believe is that Bucky’s right there. He’s right there when he shouldn’t be, but he is.He watches Bucky take a nice big swig of liquor and then eye the glass in his hand as he swallows. He makes a loud, satisfied, ah sound and then gives Steve another boyish smirk. “Much better than the shit we used to pilfer back in Brooklyn, that’s for sure,” he drawls, accent particularly thick.“We’re in Brooklyn now,” Steve answers, even though his brain is too fuzzy to form many other coherent thoughts.Steve can’t get drunk, and he should be in Europe, and yet he’s in a bar in Brooklyn with Bucky and it’s only Bucky’s being there that seems out of the norm to Steve.“Are we?” Bucky asks in genuine surprise, glancing around. “Huh. Well, it’s good to be home, then.” He raises his glass half-heartedly into the air and then downs another sip.Steve’s mouth is dry; his chest, too tight. “How are you – I don’t…”Bucky pauses, setting his eyes on him. He swallows and then wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, setting the glass down with a soft clink. For a second, the brunet doesn’t seem to know what to say. But then he’s forcing a casual smile and saying, “C’mon buddy, don’t get all sappy on me. You’re actin’ like you’re hardly glad to see me.”When Bucky reaches out and punches Steve lightly on the arm, Steve’s reflexes kick in without thought. Bucky’s fist is just pulling back from the contact when the blond’s right hand flies up and grabs his wrist, holding Bucky’s outstretched arm in place. Bucky’s here and he can touch him. Steve can’t wrap his head around it.The way he’s staring at Bucky makes Bucky’s smile drop. For a moment, all they do is stare into each other’s eyes and then Steve’s bringing up his left hand – shaking – and tentatively touches the tips of his fingers to Bucky’s cheek. He isn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
Prompt Fic
Angst
Flirting
Seduction
Friends to Lovers
I know it might seem confusing what's going on at first
It all makes sense at the very end
Plot Twists
Unhappy Ending
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Anal
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

