Chapter 1: as a witness to our love
    




Chapter Text
She’s learned not to talk about it. Whether out of fear or disbelief, people never react well to hearing her truth-- just variations on a theme, every time following the same pattern of finding them and losing them, over and over again. She’s experienced many lives over many lifetimes and she remembers them all.
 


Her name was Connie, and it was the war that stole them from her while they were still discovering each other. One was drafted and taken away. The other followed, and left her behind without looking back. Neither of them remembered their shared past that time, and they died as they always did, doing what was right. Her boys, lost to the ice before their time. 

Outliving them is not a new experience. It’s happened more times than she cares to remember, but never by more than a few years. Those times are always the worst, living on without them, haunted by their ghosts-- a torturous wait for the cycle to come around again. By accident or deliberate act, something always moves her along to follow them eventually.
For Connie, it’s different. For the first time since all of this started, there is a deviation in the pattern. She lives an unusually peaceful life for almost 47 years before passing in her sleep.
When the next life,  Darcy’s life, begins, it’s only a few miles away from where Connie had spent her last days. Anyone willing to search deep enough would see the timing matched right down to the second, and that too is a first. Never have two lifetimes been linked so closely before.
As with every other time, Darcy grows up with the memories of all the lives that came before and the knowledge that someday she would meet up with the new versions of her loves. She can only hope that they would survive long enough to remember everything as well. Most of the time they manage a few happy years with each other. Sometimes, like with Connie, they don’t. Those instances, always an extra level of heartbreaking, have been thankfully rare.
 

 Darcy’s fascination with all things history, especially anything involving Captain America, was recognized early and indulged.  Two   complete collections of Captain America and the Howling Commandos bears still occupy her room at her parent’s house, -a 50th anniversary set and the original series that once belonged to her grandmother- and if Darcy made miniature Cap and Bucky bears to keep with her at all times, what did it matter to anyone else? 
When an 8th grade field trip to D.C. brings Darcy to the Smithsonian, she finds a picture of herself -No,  not   her. Not anymore.  Connie - and her boys tucked away in a corner of the Captain America wing. The shock of seeing her own former face in that setting is so overwhelming that she collapses next to the display in tears. She has to be carried out by one of the chaperones. The mockery it earns from her classmates lasts for years, eventually driving Darcy to graduate early and choose an out of state university to get away from it.
Scholarships cover Darcy’s first few years away at school, and she’s in no rush to leave. Despite being known mostly as a science and tech school, Culver’s library is better in every subject than any she’s had the opportunity to study at in far too many lifetimes. With no compulsion pulling her to move on, Darcy settles in for a while, determined to learn as much as she can while she has the chance. She already has enough memories, of far too many lives, where she wasn’t allowed that opportunity.
Many annoyed phone calls from home and a few half-complete degrees later, she sees a posting for an internship with an astrophysicist and knows that’s where she needs to be. She uses the skills she’s learned and manipulates the system to make sure she gets the position. There isn’t a lot in the way of competition, so it doesn’t take much to succeed, which makes her feel less guilty about doing it.
It’s a bit of a rocky start with Jane, but eventually they settle into an arrangement that works for them. They aren’t friends, not yet, but Darcy knows from the first meeting that Jane will be one of those people who claims a bit of her heart. She refuses to let the scientist’s less-than-stellar social skills get under her skin.
 

Meeting Thor was a surprise. The shock left her playing flippant about her knowledge of his myths, learned firsthand in another life. It took more effort than she expected to avoid slipping into those old memories, from a time many hundreds of years gone. She was called   Ósk then, and her people worshipped his pantheon as gods. The night he spent on the roof with Jane gave Darcy an opportunity for some time alone, and no one, save a lone S.H.I.E.L.D sniper, noticed when she snuck away from the lab to spend the night in the desert. Beneath familiar stars, Darcy lost herself in thoughts of a past   when their triad offered prayers and sacrifices to Thor and his kin for the blessing of a child-- a request they did not surv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Reincarnation
Past Lives
Angst and Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Tragic Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Families of Choice

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

