Work Text:
Tony should have known that something was wrong. Or maybe he did know but he simply didn't want to acknowledge it.Peter and he have always been really close to one another, probably closer than most dads usually are with their sons, but since they have been all each other had for years now, no one thought much about it. It's simply their normal.Lately, however, Peter has been even more clingy than usual.He spends more time outside of his room and with Tony, mostly sitting next to him on the couch, pressing himself to his dad's body or curling up on his lap, nuzzling his chest. Tony doesn't question it. He likes having his little boy close to him, holding him in his arms where he knows he can protect him. He's still so small and innocent, the only moments Tony stops worrying about him it's when he has his son wrapped in his embrace.He does find it kind of strange though, when Peter slips into his room one night, deciding to sleep there instead of his own bed. Peter seems sincere when he says that everything is fine when Tony asks him what's going on, so Tony doesn't pressure the matter any further. If his boy wants to sleep in his bed, then so be it.But it doesn't stop there.Sometimes, Peter finds him in his office and just comes to sit on his lap, staying there and letting him work, behaving like a good boy. He simply kisses Tony's cheek from time to time, nuzzling his beard, making pleased little hums: is that your aftershave, daddy? smells so good. I like it.It's quite weird, but not unwelcome.Tony notices other little things, too - like Peter's increased appetite and how he gets hot easier than usual, or the involuntary content sighs he lets out at every gentle touch Tony offers - but despite seeing everything, Tony's mind fails to put two and two together.By the time he realizes what is going on, it's already too late.It's Peter's scent that gives him away, at last.Tony, being his father, finds Peter's scent familiar, comforting, so used to having him around that he barely even notices it.That, until now.Peter comes home from school with flushed red cheeks and hair sticking to his sweaty forehead, looking tense, his eyes darker than normal. Peter is on him in only a second, climbing into his lap, burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck, whimpering like he's in pain.His scent hits Tony like a fucking truck. He almost chokes as he breathes it in, recognizing the sweet, overpowering scent of an Omega in heat immediately."I- I don't feel good, daddy," Peter whines and snuggles even closer to him - if that's even possible, that is -, burying himself into Tony's chest.Tony is at loss of words for a few moments, suddenly unable to process this, not sure how he should proceed.They weren't expecting Peter's first heat until months later; his boy is still only fifteen, after all. Most Omegas have their first heat after they've turned sixteen."P- Peter... Do you know what's happening, baby?" He asks gently, holding Peter close to his chest, stroking his back with a shaking hand."I, uh, I think so," Peter whispers in a small voice and Tony's heart clenches at how scared his son sounds."Hey, everything will be fine, okay? I'm here, I've got you. I'll help you through it, baby. Anything you need," Tony promises him and Peter pulls away to look at him, eyes glistening with unshed tears."You will?"Tony chuckles and nods his head, leaning in to kiss Peter's forehead. "Of course I will, Pete. I always take care of you, don't I?"Peter smiles and then resumes his position from before, pressing himself to Tony's chest again."I'm so glad you're here, daddy. Wh- when I kept hearing about Omegas having their first heat without an Alpha and how much they were suffering, I was so worried that this would happen to me, too. But you said you'll take care of me, right? You'll make this go away?"The words bring dangerous thoughts to Tony's head and he gulps past the lump in his throat, trying his best to keep his voice steady as he answers."No, Peter, baby... This- this isn't how it works. But I promise I'll make it as less painf-""But- but you said you'll help me! And I just- I really need an Alpha, daddy - I can feel it - and I don't trust anyone other than you. Oh... do you- do you not love me? Is that it?" Peter asks now, voice quivering, his brows furrowing and his bottom lip wobbling as he blinks a few tears back."Of course I love you, baby! I love you so, so, so much. You know that.""Then why don't you want me? I need you so much, daddy. Please," Peter begs and Tony's words die in his throat when Peter grinds his hips against his, pressing their bodies firmly together.He's terrified to realize that he's aroused, his cock fully hard in his pants right under his son's weight."Peter, don't-""Pl- please," Peter mewls and licks a long stripe across Tony's neck, making his cock give an involuntary twitch in response.He takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself down, only to regret it right after when his senses ge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Parent/Child Incest
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Mating Cycles/In Heat
first heat
Anal Sex
Knotting
Tony takes care of his boy

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

