Work Text:
Matt was fairly certain it was another one of the world’s cosmic jokes that soulmates showed themselves by filling your sight with colour. 
In his darker moments, he thought it was punishment for the sins God had known he was going to commit. 
The fact that he’d never see the world in anything other than the red hell scape he was stuck with only furthered his thinking that he’d been somehow cursed. He was fairly certain the bland tones of colourblindness were preferable to the sickly red that surrounded him. 
“Come on, Mattie, it’s going to be fun! We’re travelling the big wide world! Visiting new places! Meeting new people! Trying new food! Indulging in new cultures!”
“I’ll forgive you for dragging me halfway across the world after you buy me a beer.” he shot back, and he felt Foggy roll his eyes beside him. 
“Cheer up, Matt. I hear the beers excellent this side of the pond.” Karen teased from his other side, and he managed a smile for her. Things had been hard between them for so long that it was a relief just to be teased again. 
“Why did you pick London, anyways?” he asked, tilting his head in her direction. 
“Recommendation from a friend.” she said easily, and Matt just hummed. He knew she was telling the truth, she’d mentioned this before anyways, but it was also pretty obvious that she was leaving things out on purpose. He wondered if it had anything to do with the fact that she’d obviously met her soulmate recently. 
Not that she’d said anything, of course, she was a gentle, sensitive soul their Karen, but he could tell in the way she marvelled over things; the way she trailed her fingers along things she’d seen a hundred times as if they were brand new. It’s what almost everyone did when they started seeing colour. 
Matt hoped that she would feel comfortable enough to tell them just who her soulmate was sooner than later. He was pretty sure this trip was a good first step. After all, why else would she drag them halfway across the world?
She looped arms with him then, tilting her head momentarily against his. 
“It’s a vacation, Matt.” she chided, and he returned the gentle pressure before turning a wide grin in Foggy’s direction.
“Hear that, Fog? It’s a vacation.” and he laughed when Foggy instantly broke into cheerful song. 
 
>>>
 
“Come on, Hermione. You know I’m glad you met your soulmate, but I really don’t think tonights the best night for me.” Harry warned, looking longingly towards the sofa where his cup of tea rested. 
“Harry, she flew all this way. And she brought her friends. It’s important to me.” Harry sighed. He wanted to support her; she’d supported him in everything else; but the anniversary of Sirius’ death didn’t exactly put him in the mood for drinks. Or not the friendly kind anyways, and he wasn’t doing the other anymore. 
“Come on.” she pleaded, and he felt himself caving even as she turned to look at him. “It’ll just be one drink, I promise. I’ve already called Luna and she said she’d show up to rescue you so you could escape early.” Harry sighed, because that made him feel worse than if she hadn’t said anything. The moment he pushed off the wall, she rushed forward to hug him and he hugged her back just as tightly. 
“How’d you meet this Karen Page anyways?”
“It was on a research binge. You know I’ve been looking into the so-called ‘superheroes’ lately. She’s written a number of controversial pieces on them that have garnered a lot of attention. I organized a meeting and took an international portkey last week. You were off with Neville.” he nodded, remembering that venture. Neville had wanted help gathering some samples from a forest a few days north of them, and Harry had volunteered. They’d made a trip of it. 
“Right then. What time are we to meet them?” 
“I’ve arranged for them to have dinner without us, take in the sights you know, but we’ll be meeting them at a pub Karen thinks her friends will like at about 8.” 
Glancing at the clock on the wall, Harry sighed. That only gave him 2 hours to muster up the energy to face the world. 
“Get ready then, you needn’t worry about me. I’ll be ready on time.” 
Hermione didn’t hesitate, pressing a quick kiss to his cheek before darting off. 
With a sigh, Harry went to find a shirt that wasn’t either dirty or otherwise inappropriate for meeting the soulmate of one of his best mates. 
 
>>>
 
The moment they walked in the bar, Hermione gripping his arm so tightly he’d lost feeling, he knew exactly who her soulmate was. 
She was tall, gorgeous, and lit up with the absolute brightest smile the moment she set eyes on Hermione. 
Harry was pretty sure anyone who looked at Hermione like she was the most beautiful woman in the room deserved at least his initial approval. 
His gaze swept over the two men with her; one was blonde with a friendly if curious face, and the other was wearing a smile but was tense as if he was ready for a fight. Given the tinted glasses he wore even in the dimly lit space and the cane on the table next to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
colourblind until you meet your soulmate
then the world explodes with colour
background - Hermione Granger/Karen Page
the 3 amigos travel to the UK
don't post on other sites
The One - Freeform
the chainsmokers

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Harry Potter

