Chapter 1





Chapter Text

                                                                                 

                Some people find certain types of calm when surrounded by chaos, finding moments that are almost peaceful when the world around them is in bedlam.
                “How many minutes on the salmon?” Steve hollered across the bustling kitchen, never taking his eyes off the spread of plates in front of him. This was the last course to be plated for the night but that did not mean he would allow it to be any less perfect than the first four.
                “Three minutes Chef!”
                Steve gently poured the lemon béarnaise sauce on to the final plate before responding. “See if you can make it two!”
                “Yes Chef!” His team moved in a flurry of motion behind him.
                Luckily Chef Steve Rogers, formerly Captain Rogers, was just that kind of a man.
XXXX
                Outside the double doors that separated the kitchen from the large function hall, the muffled sounds of someone making a speech and the polite laugher that always follows could be heard. Steve peered out of the small window in the door and caught a glimpse of his friend on stage. Wiping his hands idly on a dish towel, he turned back to his now exhausted crew.
                “Thank you all so much for your help tonight everyone. It was a great service, and as of now it doesn’t appear as though any one has gotten food poisoning.” Steve grinned lightly at his own bad joke. The cooks paused in their clean up duties to glance at each other while shooting confused looks at him.
                Steve shrugged as he made his way across the kitchen to drop his apron off in the laundry bin. He knew that most of the Executive Chefs that he had worked under in the past had a habit of neglecting to thank their staff, especially after a particularly challenging service. He hadn’t realized it was quite so rare as to earn him strange looks from this group.
                “Steve-orino!” One of the double doors swung open with a bang, breaking up the awkward silence that permeated the room. Steve rolled his eyes good naturedly as he watch Tony strut in to the kitchen as though he owned it.  Wait, Steve thought, he actually did own the building.
                “Sorry I missed your speech Tony, but some of us actually have to work around here.” Steve slung an arm across the other man’s shoulders.
                “Don’t worry Stevie I’m sure Pepper caught it on tape, as per usual. I’m sure I could get you a copy so you can just watch it over and over.” Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist and began to lead him out the kitchen doors, ignoring the furtive whispering that was occurring behind him.
                “Umm Tony this is the ballroom,” Steve mumbled uncomfortably.
                “Keen observation there, no wonder they made you a Captain.” Tony continued applying a steady pressure to lead them to a large table by the stage, where a number of people were standing around mingling, drinks in hand.
                Steve let out a petulant groan. “When I agreed to help you said it was in the kitchen. You never mentioned anything about mingling with these people.”
                 “These people? Why I’m shocked Steven.” Tony feigned offense but the wicked grin that meant he was up to trouble never left his face.
                “You know what I mean,” Steve grumbled, smoothing down his chef coat and hoping there weren’t too many stains. He had never been happier that he had decided to wear his solid black chef pants as opposed to the horrible checks. Absolutely no one looks good in those. “Besides you know I’m not any good at small talk.”
                Tony ignored his protests as he arrived at the table, giving Steve a small push forward. “Ladies and gentlemen may I introduce your Executive Chef for the evening, Chef Steve Rogers.”
                Steve felt his cheeks heat up as fifteen pairs of eyes turned to look at him. The couple closest to him beamed at the introduction. “The food was just exquisite Chef, some of the best we’ve had outside of Europe.” The woman who addressed him was one of the most elegantly dressed women that Steve had ever seen. Her hair was pulled back in a dramatic bun and her green eyes were piercing as she took him in.
                Steve stumbled for words, now positive that he was completely red at their praise and the unexpected inspection.  “Steve-o this is Mr. and Mrs. Barnes. Eleanor here is the CEO of… oh crap….you know…that company that has the huge tower downtown. Anyways, she’s CEO of that and Bruce here is a big time, super nifty lawyer.” Tony grinned, pleased at his lack luster introduction,
                Mrs. Barnes smiled politely at Tony, before turning her attention back to Steve. “Now Steven, how long have you been the Chef here at the Marquis? When we ate at the last function here the food was just terrible.”
                “Well actually, I’m just w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Original Female Character (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
mentions of past dubcon
bucky is kinda a tease
poor steve
Slow Burn
steve is a cook
bucky has some issues
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mentions of past abuse
past abuse via flashbacks
Some hurt/comfort
bucky is a major tease
Masturbation
Nightmares
rumlow is skeezy
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
told through flashbacks
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicide Attempt
also through flashbacks
Hurt/Comfort
all those for chapter 14 only
it will be happy from here i promise
Blowjobs
Anal Sex
the works
Shower Sex
Rimming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Original Female Character (background)

