Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The chambers of the king of Asgard were in an unusual disarray. The builders and mages, called to work hand in hand to give the new rooms shape and strength (for only the poorest shacks could be built without the use of mages' technology in Asgard) now gave way to carpenters and quilters who scrambled to furnish the many rooms with the best they had to offer. For the most part, the men and women charged with this task worked with confidence born from their experience. But there were questions they needed to ask. What colours to use? Should a nursery be built right away as well? And the questions were answered on discreet slips of paper, brought to the foremen. Sometimes they were written in tiny, elegant cursive, sometimes in a slightly bigger, stiffer script. The king and his mother were both personally invested in the renovation. The king's colours would remain red and grey. His betrothed's colour was green, but the queen suggested that it be used subtly and with a rainbow of blues and aquas accompanying it. The shared spaces should be golden and brown, neutral and soothing. And there would be no nursery for the time being. The king himself was in another part of the palace, in one of the many war chambers that were used for council meetings, private audiences of the royal family and generally any work concerning the kingdom. He regarded his private study as a place of solace, despite the work – and especially paperwork – he usually did there. Now it was nearly as messy as the chambers being prepared at the other side of the palace, but he wouldn't know that, since he hasn't entered those in several days. The large desk at which he was seated was covered in letters and documents and a few books were scattered across the surface as well. Those were mostly to assure Thor that by marrying a man, he would not be ridding himself of the possibility of having an heir. That there were safe ways. And he learned that there certainly were, rituals and spells crafted so that even lovers who could not produce a child as was typically done could reach the familial fulfilment if they so wished. It should have been a relief, but Thor discovered the knowledge rather made him anxious. It was one less reason why not go through with this marriage. But that was of course nonsense. He was the one who crafted the plan, who invited the peace-treating party from Jotunheim and who made hints that such a proposition would be welcome from the king of Jotunheim. King of Jotunheim, a precarious title, one that many believed Laufey didn't have the right to use. Thor got up; the room was hot and felt stuffy. A fire was burning high in the hearth, perhaps too high and Thor opened the balcony door and stepped out, greeted with a gust of cold air. Leaning against the railing, he let himself enjoy the sight of Asgard at night, the glowing lights of torches and lanterns tinting the world in orange hues, reflected in the snow that lay on almost every surface. His heart swelled with pride as he gazed at the prospering, golden city. For two hundred years he ruled this realm and strived to protect the others and, in words of one old soldier that Thor met in a tavern and who didn't recognize him, he didn't cock it up yet. “You should get some rest. It's a big day tomorrow.” Thor turned to Frigga, smiling. He had heard her approach, but simply let the whispering of her skirts wash over him, another soothing agent in the moment of peace he was trying to grant himself. “Mother,” he inclined his head and then took her hands in his, kissing them lightly. “Oh darling, you are worrying yourself, aren't you?” They sat down on a bench that was sheltered from the weather at the far end of the balcony together, and Thor shrugged. “I am... I worry for what this choice will bring. To Asgard, to Jotunheim... ” he trailed off and took a deep breath before continuing. “And to me.” “And to your husband.” “Yes,” Thor laughed, but it was not a happy sound. “To my young, young husband.” “Is that what weights on you?” Frigga sounded surprised and that in turn surprised Thor. Often he thought she knew what he felt or thought before he himself knew it. “Among other things, of course.” “Is that why you said there was to be no nursery?” “Yes. It could be centuries before we even consider a child.” “You seem to have many preconceptions about your husband even though you've never met him,” Frigga noted and Thor knew that even though her words and her tone were soft, there was reprimand in them. “And you are making decisions that concern you both without giving him the chance to speak his mind.” Thor got up from the bench, returning to the railing and looking down. It was impolite to turn his back on his mother like that, but he found he was too tired to care. “I know of his age. I know of his station. I'm sure he will appreciate this.” He could tell that she was unhappy with his response, but she pressed no further, sensing how on e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe
King Thor
Jötunn Loki
Age Difference
Slow Build
Imperialism
Fluff and Angst
Tension
Misunderstandings
Sexual Tension
Light Angst
Dry Humping
Action/Adventure
First Time
Anal Sex
Happy Ending
Wordcount: 50.000-100.000
Wordcount: Over 50.000
Complete

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

