Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The doors to the elevator opened and she walked in.Seeing her for the first time in person felt homogeneously like a slap in the face.A familiar tiny, had to be 5 foot, woman with short artfully messy chestnut hair with pretty umber eyes framed by the longest lashes, olive tanned skin, and a sweet-lipped mouth that would look so much better wet and red and—The sweater she wore was baggy—would have likely been baggy on his own frame—and slipped off her shoulder as she yawned widely with those delectable-looking lips as she exited the elevator, pulling a suitcase behind her.“Toni!” Rogers greeted with a grin.Toni Stark, Antonia Margret Stark, Iron Maidan, threat level: 9, do not engage. Capture alive. Omega, he recited the information he knew about the woman.Toni stepped out of the elevator and blinked, then seeing exactly who it was, smiled sleepily. “Oh, hey Steve.”She yawned again, then blinked and turned her eyes onto him, the smile widened—perhaps the Soldier would use the word beamed. “Hey, sorry I wasn’t here to greet you with the others, Barnes.”Rogers chuckled quietly to his left, the Soldier still so awed by her only managed a nod and an awkward smile—he doesn’t emote emotion much, he’s a bit rusty and he didn’t talk much either, so the blond man didn’t seem put out by the lack of it.Toni pottered to the kitchen, where she poured herself a glass of water and took a gulp; licking her lips after the sip. The Solider shifted in his seat, thankful for the control he harboured. He didn’t want to scare her away if she knew what exactly she was doing to him.“I’d stay but I’m hella jet-lagged.” Toni began to move for the elevator again. “I’ll see you guys later, ‘kay?”“Night, Toni!” Steve called. He managed a wave of his own and, to his surprise, he received a warm smile.It did things to him—things he liked.Things he’d never experienced or wanted before. 
He saw little of Toni over the next week—he’d asked Rogers about it, but all he got was that Toni was a busy woman that practically lived in her workshop.He had to time it correctly if he wanted to see her then.Since he didn’t need as much sleep like that of a baseline human, he had taken to sitting in the kitchen, nursing a tea late into the night. This was the only possible idea he could think of to get to see Toni after Barton let out a comment of Toni emerging late at night slip.So that was why he was here.And when one o’clock finally came around the elevator door opened to reveal Toni.The Solider held his breath at the sight of her.A white vest stained with oil, grey jogging bottoms, fluffy socks, and a worn black cardigan. The Arc-Reactor glow was ethereal looking, the way it caught part of her and illuminated her in the dark.He sighed quietly and a spike of want twisted in his gut. He used his training to mask it from his scent.She moved in toward the sink, clutching five different used mugs and cups to her chest. She sniffled as she set them on the counter.She didn’t seem aware of him—he had chosen to sit in a dark corner and the lights in the kitchen were off. The light from the large wall-length window was enough at this time of night—they were in a city after all.Toni opened a cupboard and pulled out the coffee beans.“I don’t think you need any more coffee tonight.”She gave a shout in surprise, jumping several feet into the air. She turned, eyes wide to look at him. “Holy shit! Don’t do that!”His lips lifted.“Why the in the name of Mother Teresa are you just sitting there? You could’ve given me a damn heart attack!” She pressed a hand over her heart, which he could hear pattering inside her. It was an odd noise compared to everyone else because of the device in her chest. He’d learnt it sat directly above her heart and unfortunately often caused her discomfort.“Sorry.” He didn’t sound it but Toni seemed amused if the twitch of her lip mention anything. “But I stand by my comment. You should try and sleep, coffee will only wake you up more.”It was clear she was exhausted, she had bags under her eyes and her scent reeked of it. It tainted the blueberry, oil and metallic scene she owned—she smelt like creativity, at least that was what he pictured it to smell like. She worked, created with technology, so her scent no doubt revolved around it.(He wondered briefly what his scent had smelt like in the past—he had part of Bucky’s memories, but he couldn’t recall smells or more personal details. It was why he hadn’t recognised Rogers’ scent at their first meeting. And since scent changes with time, environment, and growth, Rogers’ hadn’t known his new one either. Though he liked to think he was a complete different person from Bucky, hence why their scents were so dissimilar.)She grumbled. “Sleep is for the weak.”He cocked a brow. “Why not try some tea, there’s some of the type to help you sleep in there.”It wouldn’t work on him, but certainly would on her.“Leaf water.” She argued. “I’m an insomniac anyway, it won’t work.”The 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Female Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Knotting
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alpha Winter Soldier
Beta Steve Rogers
Alpha/Omega
Minor Possessive Behaviour
Claiming Bites
i only tagged Bucky and Tony because hardly anyone else is in this
Nesting
Winter Soldier pretending to be Bucky
the Winter Soldier goes by James
but only by Toni
Toni as born 1982
Implied/Referenced Dubious Consent
cause heat
Smut
Developing Relationship
talks of consent
but it's all good
Tony is hella short in this one
Affection
Platonic Kissing
flirting by offering to murder
courting
Beta Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

