Chapter 1: Prisoner
    




Chapter Text



IMPORTANT NOTES



Bold Text = Loki's POV

Normal Text = Iona's POV

 
Iona grumbled to herself while she carried the dusty old books to the dungeons. 
"Take the books to the prince. Take the wine...take the damned raudrberries. They're his favourite! As if there's nothing better for me to do. Norns, I sometimes despise this station. This wasn’t why I had become the queen’s lady-in-waiting."
The magical garb provided by the queen protected her, so she didn't bother about keeping her volume low. At least she could air her frustrations this way before reaching her destination, which was bound to annoy her to no end.

When she reached the prince's cell, she stepped in through the one-way magical barrier and dumped the books onto his table without so much as a greeting to him.

"The queen sent these for you," she stated primly, looking down her nose at Loki.

She didn't even hide the disdain in her voice this time around. He was a disgraced royal now; he had no one’s favour save for the queen’s. And that certainly didn’t shield him from Iona’s burning contempt.

"If his royal highness needs anything, he may tell me. Though, I don't guarantee that it will be delivered to you.”

She smirked as he turned to glare at her.
 
“Ah, Iona. So 

lovely

 to see you again,” Loki growled sarcastically as he lounged on the divan, returning to the book he had been reading...though why he should continue to entertain himself with THAT now that 

she 

was here…

“Anything new in the outside world? Perhaps a death, or a coup, or a sneaky little minx that might accidentally cause my release?” He smirked and watched for her reaction.
 
She laughed acerbically at his insinuation.

"Oh please. As if releasing you will do anyone any favours. I happen to think that you're finally in a place where you belong," she quipped, sniffing haughtily, knowing that he hated seeing her act like this. "Though the queen, bless her sweet heart, has a soft spot for you the size of the Yggdrasil, even 

she 

won't think of doing it, I believe. She knows that her son is a walking, talking bad influence, an 

inglorious wretch

."
 
“Ooooh ‘inglorious wretch.’ Look at you, learning new insults. How long have you been waiting to call me THAT one, 

sweetling?” 

Loki stood, eyes still locked on her as he brought himself to his full height, intentionally becoming as intimidating as possible. He stared her down as he walked slowly towards her, taking long and languorous steps, almost panther-like.

“You’d know all about how 

bad 

of an influence I can be, won’t you, Iona? And since no one but my mother--who you already 

know

 is wrapped around my finger--knows you’re here… and no one outside can see anything unusual happening in this--” he waved his hand dismissively at the space around him “--

luxuriously 

accommodated fish bowl--” he bent down, nose to nose, daring her to flinch. “Perhaps you best watch your tone, girl.”
 
Iona tried her best to stand her ground, even though his proximity was unsettling. 

Damn him and his intimidation tactics.


"The queen may be bent on spoiling you, but she's not blind to your deeds, my prince," she said defiantly, placing a hand on his chest to push him back. The touch somehow felt more charged than it ought to; still, she persisted.

"But go ahead, deliver more empty threats. I'm really 

terrified

."

She stared back at him in challenge, knowing full well that he was sentenced to spend the rest of his life here in the dungeons. There was nothing he actually 

could 

do.

And even when he 

was 

free, he couldn’t do much, for he knew the immunity she enjoyed under the queen’s protection. Hence, his threats of harm were almost always empty…
 
Loki half-smiled at her retort. 

“I’m sure,” he purred, not moving an inch at her attempt to shove him back. “But a little 

terror

--” he leaned closer, still focused on keeping her gaze firmly on his “--can add a bit of excitement to an otherwise dreary existence, can it not?”

His whole body pushed forward, forcing her back until she was pressed against the cell’s wall, and he chuckled from a very deep place in his chest. He tilted his head slightly to the side, watching her closely. “What kind of terror have you imagined I’m capable of, little one? I’ve attempted to destroy whole realms. I’ve nearly killed the 

mighty

 Thor on several occasions. I’ve survived more horrors than you could imagine…what 

can 

you do to resist me, you small, delicate little thing?”

He put a hostile finger under her chin, lifting her face to align with his.
 
"I'm not 

delicate

," she fumed, nudging his finger away. "And you've listed the precise reasons why you'll never escape this prison. Being born a prince is no accomplishment."

His eyes seemed to glow in anger at her words, and finally, she tried to slip away sideways against the wall to escape their intensity. It didn’t work, for he blocked her by putting his palms against the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Enemies to Lovers
King Loki
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Smut
Shameless Smut
Fluff and Smut
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Sex Toys
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Outdoor Sex
Anal Play
Dom/sub Undertones
Domestic Fluff
Sexual Coercion
Marriage Proposal
Forced Marriage
Married Couple
Idiots in Love
Falling In Love
Awkward Romance
Romance
Asgard (Marvel)
Thor: The Dark World
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Thor: The Dark World
Dubious Consent
Non-Consensual Touching
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)

