Chapter 1: Crazy Stalkers
    




Chapter Text
Tony could wrap his genius brain around a lot of things.
He could wrap his brain around the fact that there was an assassin called the Winter Soldier, who was one of the most capable and feared assassins in the entire world. (That understanding was certainly aided by the fact that Tony now lived with two people who had, themselves, been counted among the most capable and feared assassins in the world for a time.)
It had taken him a few moments and some really furious calculation, but he could accept that this reputation held up even though the Winter Soldier had been an active threat for over fifty years.
It had rocked him, hard, to learn that the Winter Soldier had possibly -- probably -- been involved in causing the car accident that had killed Tony's parents. But Tony had no trouble grasping that there had been plenty of powerful people with the motive to want Howard dead.
Tony hadn't even thought to question Steve's identification of the Winter Soldier as Steve's old friend, Bucky Barnes, long thought dead. That information had, in fact, made some of the other pieces pull together a little more tightly.
And it meant that Tony knew why the Winter Soldier had taken to shadowing the Avengers, lately, when they were out on a call.
Everyone had pretty much given up trying to catch him, except for Steve. No one had even suggested that Steve stop trying, of course.
About half the time, the Winter Soldier brought a gun with him, however, and that made things... complicated.
The Winter Soldier wouldn't shoot Steve. Steve had made an easy target of his back for the Winter Soldier time and time again, and had yet to be shot for it. Steve thought that meant that the Winter Soldier was beginning to remember him, that it was a good thing.
And it should have been, really.
Except that the Winter Soldier didn't have any such compunction about shooting at the rest of the team.
He rarely fired at an Avenger more than once in a single fight, but that was rarely and not never, so it wasn't like they could ever let their guard down when he showed up at the struggle du jour.
He'd gotten Clint right through the bicep once. He'd parted Natasha's hair so closely that she'd needed three stitches to close the scalp wound after the fight. (They had taken three weeks to heal, and Tony was now sworn to take to the grave the secret of Natasha's natural hair color.) He'd shot Sam in the leg on two occasions, and on one more had managed to puncture a critical joint in the Falcon wings, rendering them unusable. Thor and the Hulk were largely impervious to the Winter Soldier's bullets, but some impressive holes had been punched in Thor's cape, and getting shot sometimes made the Hulk forget what he was supposed to be doing and tear off after the Winter Soldier instead.
Tony had been shot at more than any of the others combined, for reasons no one could guess at. Tony could just shrug it off as a minor distraction -- thank god for the armor -- but it was getting to be annoying.
Steve, being Steve, always pleaded with them all for understanding and patience. "He just doesn't know how to tell the difference between friend and foe," Steve rationalized. "Once he knows that you're part of my team, he'll stop shooting at you."
Tony had given up hoping that Steve would ever be swayed on this topic. Instead, he worked a few extra sleepless nights to develop better body armor for the members of the team that were not bulletproof, and he made sure to keep his helmet on until they were sure the Winter Soldier had cleared the area after a fight.
So the situation was annoying as all hell, but Tony had his genius brain wrapped pretty firmly around it. Right up until the Asgardians got mixed up in it.
God, the fucking Asgardians.
Asgardian tech was close enough to magic to make Tony really twitchy, even though Stephen Strange had sworn to him that Asgardian tech was, in fact, tech and not magic at all. Tony had some words with Strange about Arthur C. Clarke, and Strange had just given Tony that look he always got whenever Tony referred to books that were less than four centuries old.
Fucking magic.
Fucking Asgardian tech.
Fucking Asgardians.
Except Thor, of course. Thor was a stand-up guy. Tony liked Thor. Everyone liked Thor, really, except for the bad guys.
Only right now, Tony was looking at some pretty compelling evidence that even some of the bad guys liked Thor.
Specifically? Asgardian bad guys.
Even more specifically? Female Asgardian bad guys.
Tony had been around the block a time or two. He'd had a few pretty nasty breakups. He'd had to file a few restraining orders in his day, and there were a couple of crazy stalkers that he'd actually had to have arrested.
Tony's wacky stalker stories had nothing on Thor's, apparently.
Fucking Asgardians.
Because this crazy stalker Asgardian had managed to track Thor down, here on Midgard. Earth. Whatever. And she was trying -- as near as Tony could figure it -- 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
changing the past affects the future
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Divergence - the Winter Soldier is Peggy Carter
Lingerie

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

