Work Text:
London must make room for the American troops in whatever manner it can, and since it wouldn't be proper to house Agent Carter with the men, she is assigned temporary quarters in an empty building on Great Russell Street. The room is not overly large, and the single bedroom window looks out on a courtyard filled with rubble, but it has four walls and a ceiling, which is more than some in the city can say. The furnishings include a four-poster bed, richly done in walnut, and probably abandoned in a manner upon which Peggy refuses to dwell.This is where she brings Sergeant Barnes and the Captain when it becomes apparent they should not venture back to the men's barracks."I didn't drink that much," Barnes protests as she leads them up the winding and narrow staircase. "You really don't have to—""It's nothing," she says, and that plus whatever look Steve must shoot him behind her back quells any argument. She knows Barnes isn't drunk; his stomach, it seems, hasn't settled since Steve's daring rescue, which means he couldn't have downed the necessary whiskey even if he'd tried. But even sober, he's a shambles. His uniform is in disarray, his hair, uncombed. His face is lined with the pinch of worry still. The sight of it stirs a fondness inside Peggy that she imagines was stoked by Steve himself."Buck, it's fine," comes Steve's quiet assurance. "It was too loud at the bar anyway."Peggy suppresses a smile as she keys open the lock. There's a short hallway, and then the bedroom, the bath being on the lower floor. Perhaps it was once a maid's room, or a valet's. She leads them in."Oh wow." Bucky--the nickname suits him, actually--spins in a small circle, taking off his hat. "Nice digs." His eyes land on the little details that make this room Peggy's, however temporarily: the stack of files on the bureau, the hairbrush next to them, the nylons hung up to dry over the back of an old wicker chair. The sergeant averts his gaze at this last item; a polite young man, for all his bluster.He also seems to realize at that moment that the three of them are alone in a bedroom, and the building is otherwise unoccupied, and he appears to be in the way of his friend's pursuits. Peg can see the moment caught in his eyes, where the idea of a third wheel enters his mind. He sneaks a glance at Steve, who is leaning against the door with an unconcerned grin."You know what?" Bucky says. "It's getting late. I should report back—"Peggy stops him, a light hand on his arm to keep him from replacing his hat atop his head. "You should stay," she says, not unkindly. "You're quite tired."Steve is already preoccupied with unknotting his own necktie. Oh, but he's a dear.A half-smile rises and falls on Bucky's lips, as if he's unsure whether this is a joke, or perhaps a dream. He looks to Steve, sees him slipping off his tie, and turns away as if the sight is as forbidden as the nylons. "Where'm I supposed to sleep?" he asks. "On your floor?"Peggy takes his uniform cap from his lax fingers and tosses it in Steve's direction. He catches it without a second thought, then throws it to land with a perfect spin on top of the furthest bedpost. His reflexes are really something to behold. "I don't think that will be necessary yet," Peggy says to Bucky. "Though I may change my mind. We'll have to see."Bucky's eyes grow large. Peggy allows her smile to come then, and the sight of it seems to thrill and terrify the boy in equal measure.When she was small, Peggy had nightmares about tornadoes. In them, she was always trapped in the path of an oncoming twister as wide as the horizon. She would turn and run but, as always happens in dreams, she could never escape. The swirl of the storm would blot out the sun, would chase her through streets and over hills, and she'd wake in a panic, sweating and trembling.Then came a time when Miss Carter did not run, not even while she was awake. The nightmares ceased to bother her, and finally disappeared altogether.Peggy Carter is no longer afraid of such things. She is no longer afraid of what she is inside. She houses tornadoes, and she is powerful."Steve has suggested," she says as she slips Bucky's unbuttoned uniform coat from his shoulders, "that you may benefit from a form of relaxation that I excel in providing.""Huh?" His mouth is open now."She'll whack you, is what she means," Steve says helpfully from his corner. "If you want. You know, like you used to."There is a split second of shock in Barnes' eyes that turns into pained betrayal. He whirls on Steve, stalks into his space without noticing how he's left his coat behind in Peggy's hands. "You told her!? Jesus, Steve! You can't just—! That stuff's my private business!""Now, don't be cross with Steve," Peggy says. "He gave up this information under duress." Bucky looks over at her like she's lost her mind. "A firm caning," she clarifies. A shrug. "I quite like a cane, but if you'd rather, I could use something else." Her eyes trail to the corner, wher
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M
Dom/sub
Spanking
Caning
Face-Sitting
Paddling
Femdom
erotic crying
S&M
BDSM
Anal Fingering
Discipline
Non-Penetrative Sex
Hand Jobs
Wet & Messy
Polyamory
Voyeurism
Forced Eye Contact

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

