Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony may not give Peter mercy when he wants it, but he will be a 

little 

lenient on school nights — more specifically, nights leading up to exams. That isn’t to say he refrained from screwing with him completely. A little bit hurt nobody. 
 
When Peter gets home from his study date to do more studying alone, the living room is a mess. There’s new shoes littered around, a pair of green heels and red vans, and some bags dropped in the walkway. All the decorative pillows for the furniture have been thrown on the floor. The neat set of books on the table are scattered around. 
 
Nothing really abnormal. There’s a lot of people who visit the Avengers Compound (even though this is the private quarters). Peter set his backpack over by the couch and shoved up his sleeves. 
 
He wasn’t a clean freak, but ever since he got hired, he can’t help but keep an eye out for it. Plus, he always had the job of cleaning Aunt May and his home. It was almost therapeutic. 
 
He didn’t get far into cleaning when Friday announced, “Boss wants you to study.” Peter wadded up the cleansing wipe in his hand and tossed it in the trash. 
 
“They’re my daily chores,” he mumbled. 
 
Friday went silent. Peter pursed his lips and carried on his work. Almost sounding regretful, Friday added, “Boss wants to remind you of rule number 7.” 
 
Peter counted on his fingers before he got to it. “What? How’s that talking back?” He gasped loudly. “You didn’t relay my message, did you?” He groaned and covered his ears. “Oh my god.” He pointed an accusatory finger at the ceiling. “Don’t pass that on either.” 
 
He turned around to grab his backpack. Loki was standing there with an unamused look on his face. “You’re ordinary.” 
 
Peter couldn’t think of a response. He was too busy looking the god over. His long black hair was pulled back into a beautiful braid. He wore an emerald green dress with a high slit.
 
When he was younger, he’d seen pictures of him on the news, but they’d never done him justice. “Are you stupid, too? Can you speak, mortal?” 
 
“I’m sorry,” he apologized suddenly. “You’re… Wow.” 
 
He scoffed. “You Midgardians are so foolish.” He put a hand over him to gesture to his outfit but not in a shameful way. “So quick to judge one another for the clothes they wear.” 
 
“Beautiful,” he breathed in awe before shaking his head. “The dress, I mean! I didn’t mean anything weird…Oh, those were your heels in the walkway! Sorry, where are my manners? I’m rambling. Hi, I’m Peter. Parker.” 
 
“I know who you are,” Loki said blandly. “Thor spoke kindly of you.” Peter’s face flushed at that — he can’t imagine what Thor would’ve said about it. Knowing his luck, it probably had something to due with the night they spent together. “But I don’t see why.” 
 
Peter shrugged. “I’m not so sure either,” he said, laughing awkwardly. “May I get you a drink?” 
 
“Sauvignon blanc.”
 
 Peter went to open the cupboard but hesitated. “Uh, Mr. Loki…” He peered over his shoulder at his already angry self. “Never mind.” He grabbed a random bottle of what he thought was a wine. 
 
He poured some into a glass and offered it to Loki. He brought it to his lips and drank it in one go. Once he was done, he made a confused face and licked his lips. “Have a drink with me.” 
 
Tony won’t care. Probably. He is supposed to be studying, which he really should be doing, but how exactly is he supposed to say no to Loki? How? When he looks like 

this? 

Peter May have super strength, but he’s not strong enough to turn down a drink with Loki. 
 
Loki snatches a glass and pours Peter a drink. Flashing a grin, he slides it over to him. Peter inspects the glass before smelling it. It wouldn’t be his first time drinking, but the last time he did, it didn’t go down easy. 
 
He clinked glasses and then drank from it. After one sip, he started coughing. Loki threw his head back and laughed. “It’s dangerous not to know your wine from your vodka.” 
 
Blinking, Peter peered over the glass. Having second thoughts, he set it down on the island. “I have some work to do anyways.” 
 
“Drink.” Loki rested his chin on his open palm. Peter sighed and then tried the drink again. This time he was able to get more down. “How are you any fun when you’re this uptight?” 
 
“I can be fun,” he said, pouting a bit. He just met another idol of his and he thinks he’s a total loser. He’s not wrong, but that’s not what he wants him to think. 
 
“The khakis look like a lot of fun,” he said, rolling his eyes. “Where’s the sex appeal?” 
 
Peter squawked in his defense. “I would’ve dressed up for you if I’d known you were coming!” 
 
A wicked grin spread across his face. “You would’ve dressed up for me?” he parroted. 
 
Peter nervously finished the rest of his drink. “I wouldn’t have worn 

this

,” he said, picking at his shorts. His exam week attire isn’t the cutest. He’s going more for comfort. 
 
“What would you have worn?” Loki asked. He took Peter’s empty glass and refilled it and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Avengers
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Thor/Bruce Banner
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Clint Barton
Peter Parker/Loki

freeform: 
Orgy
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Magic
peter has a vagina in this bc magic but uses he pronouns
degrading
Humiliation
Feminization
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
top avengers
Slut Peter Parker
Cute Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Squirting
Multiple Orgasms
Lingerie
Orgasm Control
Edging
Punishment

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Avengers
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Thor/Bruce Banner
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Clint Barton
Peter Parker/Loki

