Work Text:
Bucky doesn’t notice Steve sitting in the living room when he walks into their apartment that evening. His footfalls are heavy; boots taking clunking steps because his legs feel like they’re about to fall off and he can never bring himself to care about those types of manners when he’s in the privacy of his own home. He shuts the front door behind him, looking about as grimy as he feels. His hair is greasy from sweating and then running his hand through it all day, his skin has a light coating of dust on it, and his underarms smell awful. He kneels and undoes each boot one at a time before placing them neatly by the door and then heading into the kitchen.“Steve?” he calls out, flicking on the light and abandoning his tin lunchbox on the counter. He opens up the ice box and peers in, even though he knows there’s little there in terms of the makings for a decent meal; there hardly ever is. Still, there are a few crisp apples left from the grocer’s down the street. They’d only picked them up the day before so they were still fresh and had that nice crunch to them that made Bucky’s mouth water.He realizes that no one’s answered him yet. Glancing up from over the door of the ice box, he repeats, “Hey Steve? I’m home.” He grabs the biggest apple of the bunch and then closes it as he straightens up. Exhaling on one side, he habitually wipes the apple off his shirt, and then pauses and curses under his breath, rolling his eyes, when he realizes that was about the dumbest thing he could’ve done, given the disgusting nature of his work clothes. He gives the fruit a quick rinse and then heads out of the kitchen, biting into the apple as he heads down the narrow hallway and welcoming the burst of flavour on his pallet.The door to their bedroom is slightly ajar but the light’s off. Steve may be sleeping. Giving it a light rap with the back of his knuckles, Bucky quietly calls out through a mouthful of apple, “Steve?” But when he steps into the room, he can see even in the dark that Steve’s cot is empty. Frowning, he turns on the light and sure enough, no sign of Steve. Impulsively, he immediately grows anxious. Turning on his heel, he strides back down the hall and then walks into the living room.Steve’s sitting on the couch. Bucky just about leaps into the air with surprise when he notices his best friend, namely because the main light in the living room is off so Steve’s mostly illuminated from the light over in the kitchen.“Jesus, Mary, n’ Joseph, Rogers, you scared the jeepers out of me!” he exclaims, almost dropping his apple. He pounds on his chest lightly, coughing up some food that’d threatened to go down the wrong tube in the midst of his momentary scare. He exhales a relieved chuckle that abruptly cuts short when he actually takes in the sight of Steve’s appearance.He’s sitting completely rigid; back straight (as straight as can be, anyways), hands tensely gripping onto the fabric of his pants just above his knees, and eyes facing forward. Bucky says his name worriedly and then notices the broken lamp on the floor next to the couch. The bulb is in several large chunks.“Steve, what happened?” he asks, going over to it quickly and carefully plucking up the shards and collecting them into his palm so Steve won’t accidentally go stepping on them later.“I’m sorry, daddy; I broke the lamp,” Steve says quietly, voice sounding shy. He looks down at his hands, sighing softly. “I swear I didn’t mean to.”The word daddy is spoken so quietly that it completely misses Bucky’s ears. He just chuckles and replies lightheartedly, “Steve, it’s okay buddy, I’m sure it was an accident.” He doesn’t notice the way Steve frowns, glancing over at him; like that wasn’t the response he’d wanted to hear. Bucky gets back up and heads into the kitchen, dumping the glass into the trashcan.When he comes back into the room to get rid of the rest of the broken lamp, Steve clears his throat and says a bit louder, “You aren’t upset with me, daddy?”And nope, Bucky doesn’t miss it this time. He freezes, hand stopping in mid-air from where it’d been reaching out to pick up the short neck of the lamp. He glances up at Steve and can’t believe he hadn’t seen the naked vulnerability – the palpable want – on his face from the get-go.“Oh…” he says slowly. “Umm…” Frowning, his gaze trails away in thought as he tries to figure out how to approach this as delicately as he can. “Steve,” he says slowly, softly. He clears his throat quietly and then says carefully, “It’s been a real long day, buddy. You saw; I didn’t get home until almost four hours after I was s’pposed to punch out. I’m beat…” He looks back to Steve and cuts himself off when he catches the tail end of his best friend biting his lip dejectedly and looking down at his hands with hurt written all over his face.Because this isn’t how it’s supposed to go, Bucky knows this. It’s not like they even play this game often; sometimes it just… happens that way, every once in a while. They both 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Daddy Kink
Bucky as Daddy
Steve's such a sweet boy
Who's feeling a little neglected
Sexual Roleplay
Anal Sex
Anal
Rimming
Kinks
Dirty Talk
Pre-War
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Steve Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Behavior
Anal Fingering
Come Swallowing
Spanking
Warning: NSFW Gifs/Pictures at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

