Work Text:
Harry shifted his shoulders, trying to roll out the ache in his left shoulder. Considering the fact that he’d never really injured that shoulder, he knew what this meant; knew that whoever his soulmate was - wherever they were - they had to be in extreme pain for him to even feel it. 
He’d felt a lot of pain over the years - felt a lot of injuries that honest to Merlin terrified him because the thought that he was familiar enough with pain even at a young age to know his soulmate was hurting meant he’d have had to lead a very - very hard life. 
He’d experienced the burning pain of bullets; the slashing pain of a knife; the gut wrenching pain of joints out of sockets. He wasn’t sure what could ever cause the searing headaches he sometimes got, but that was probably the most terrifying. 
He wasn’t sure if he felt better or worse that he didn’t ever see the results of the injuries. 
He wondered sometimes how old his soulmate was, and hoped they were older than him because the thought of them feeling these things as a child made him feel sick. 
The fact that he’d been able to grit his teeth against the Cruciatus for nearly 30 seconds terrified him. 
The ache intensified and Harry hissed out a breath. This constant ache had been with him as long as he could remember, but he had no idea what could be causing it. 
He pushed away from the kitchen table, his tea sloshing from the harsh movement. 
There was a soft pop and Kreacher appeared at his side, concern on his wrinkly face. 
“Master is in pain again.” he complained, wringing his hands, and Harry gave a sharp nod. 
“An ice pack would be much appreciated please, Kreacher.” Harry requested, and Kreacher immediately hopped to it, offering him ice wrapped in a towel within seconds. Harry slid to the floor because anything else was honestly too difficult and pressed the towel to his shoulder. He hissed out another breath as the pain grew sharp, almost blinding, and when he blinked back into focus, Kreacher was all but shaking over him. 
“Kreacher will not watch another Master die. Kreacher refuses.” and there was a mad light in his eyes; the likes of which he hadn’t seen since before the war. 
“There’s nothing you can do, I’ll be fine.” Harry tried to assure, and that’s when the next wave hit. 
For a second, his eyes rolled back in his head. When he looked back up at Kreacher, the house elf was pointing a bony finger at him. 
Then everything went black. 
 
>>>
 
Bucky was used to pain. At this point he would say it was the only thing he knew consistently. His shoulder had hurt from the moment the arm had been connected to the moment Stark had managed to get it off, but the pain in those last moments had been excruciating. 
He’d watched Steve’s face go white with it, and if nothing else, he felt guilty for that. He wished he could keep the pain from Steve at least. It didn’t seem fair that they both had to feel it. Though he couldn’t deny that it had helped Steve find him faster; and had also helped them figure out how to get his head straight faster.
He loathed to think of what might have happened if someone had managed to activate the trigger words before they’d been able to remove them. 
He glanced at Stark, at the frown on his face as he glanced from the arm, to his shoulder, to Steve. He watched the frown morph into outrage.
“Is this a joke to you?” he demanded, shocking Bucky with the intensity. Without the arm though, he overbalanced, and he felt himself starting to fall even as he flung his other arm out to catch himself. Stark tossed the arm, lunging forward to grab him and set him to rights before glaring furiously into his face. “Why didn’t you tell me it was so painful?” he burst out, anger colouring his cheeks pink. “I could’ve at least tried to be more gentle about it.”
“I’m used to it.” Bucky said with a shrug, but that only seems to make Stark angrier. 
“Well I’m not. I’m going to have to put in a babysitting protocol.” He muttered, still enraged, and Bucky blinked at him.
“Why?”
“Because you obviously can’t be trusted to watch out for yourself, or Cap over there for that matter.” Stark looked between of them, rolling his eyes skyward. “Did you both forget the almost seizure-like pain that hit you both?”
At the dumb look they shared, Stark actually cursed.
“I can’t believe you’ve survived this long.” he mocked. “You both felt the same pain, at the same time, but nothing happened to either of you. What does that tell you?” for a split second, Bucky could only stare at Stark, before he turned horrified eyes on Steve. Stark was right; he had been feeling weird things lately; but he’d attributed it to getting his head on straight, and Steve being so in tune with him. He’d figured it was results of the intense brainwashing. To think that instead it could mean they had another soulmate? One who’d been feeling their worst pain all along? It made him want to throw up. 
Sensing his distress, Steve moved right in, taking his hand before looking at Sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
Not Canon Compliant
But technically
Post-Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
no civil war
like at all
that movie is dead to me rn
Don't copy to other sites
Don't post to other sites
thanks folks
idek
this got away from me a bit
Bleeding Out
imagine dragons

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

