Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
“It’s fine. It’ll heal.”
Pepper Potts has never heard such bullshit in her life but she isn’t about to say so. Technically, Peter isn’t lying. If you were to wipe the blood and dirt off his face, something he has refused to do since taking his place on this hospital hallway floor across from her, he’d either be good as new or well on his way to it. 
Peter may be physically fine, which is a miracle considering he’d been dead a few hours ago, but he’s far from fine. Pepper is far from fine. No one is anywhere near fine right now. The universe has been saved from complete obliteration thanks to one man and that one man is the farthest from fine of them all.
Pepper grits her teeth, subtly, and swallows the sob, the scream, that she hasn’t let herself unleash. Not yet. That will be later. When she’s alone and none her of babies, friends, comrades at arms, or anyone else will see or hear her do it. No one sees Pepper Potts break.
Except Tony. 

Oh, Tony…

She’d meant it when she’d told him that they’d be okay. She still meant that, knew that one day they would be, but that day may as well be centuries from now.
“It’s fine. It’ll heal.”
The truth, but also a lie. They all know better than that.
“You really should wash your face off, kid.” Rhodey, Pepper recognizes distantly. That’s who’s been talking to Peter. That means Peter is actually sitting across from her for real and isn’t just a hallucination. She’d known that. She’d seen him on the battlefield, pulled him off of Tony so Tony wouldn’t have to see him break, but it’s actually hitting her now. Peter is really there across from her. He’s sitting next to the doorway that holds the body of her husband and his face is covered with dried tears, dirt, and blood. Pepper has never seen him look quite like this before. That really should have clued her in earlier.
”Before you go in there,” Rhodey clarifies, eyes barely flicking toward the door.  His face is dry but his eyes all full of everything he’s valiantly trying not to let go of. When he breaks it will also be in private. “You should clean up before you go see him.”
Peter shakes his head. Makes no move to wipe off his face. It’s been five years since Pepper has seen his face, she marvels. Five years and her lost boy hasn’t aged a day.
It’s not something she can put a fixed point on, the moment where Peter became hers. At some point that just happened. It had been the same way for Tony. Peter had (has, she almost joyfully corrects) a way of creeping into your heart and living there without you realizing it’s happened. Just like one day she’d heard Tony pound on Peter’s bedroom door at the compound shouting “Oh yeah? And I’m Iron Dad! Now get your spider ass out of bed!” one day she’d found herself saying to Peter “I may not be your mother but I’m close enough so please for the love of god get off the ceiling before I go find a broom.”Peter had not refuted either of those statements; in her case Peter had practically beamed sunshine at her before he’d nearly scared the skin off her back by back flipping off the ceiling and landing gracefully into one of the overstuffed armchairs.
Pepper doesn’t know when it started but she knows that it was before her heart shattered when Tony came back from space without him. She’d screamed that night, outside the compound and alone, where Tony and the others couldn’t hear. After she’d heard that the stones were gone and with it their last hope of fixing things. Or so she’d thought at the time.
Seeing Peter with blood and dirt on his face reminds her that he’s here. That he isn’t a ghost, a hallucination, a trick, or anything else. He’s a flesh and blood boy who’s come back home after so long away without realizing how long it really has been.
For Peter, Pepper realizes, this has all been just one day. One horrifyingly awful, devastating day.
“I’m not going in.”
Rhodey sighs. “You should.” Firm but gentle. “You’ll regret it if you don’t.”
Peter hasn’t aged a day. He is sixteen years old, just like he was then, but he sounds so much older when he says. “I really won’t.” And he does know, Pepper realizes again. This isn’t the first time he’s sat this kind of vigil and that voice is nothing but the voice of experience.
Even without knowing that, Pepper completely understands. She said her goodbyes to Tony when he was still alive to hear them. Peter did as best as he could. They both watched him die; they don’t need to see a cleaned up and sanitized version of him in a sterile room. She wants her last memory to be of him, of Tony, of that last smile and that last whisper of her name, and not of his lifeless body.
Steve had gone in when they’d first sat down here and then had joined them on the floor in silence for a bit after. Bruce had gone in afterwards, then Clint after him. Thor, Strange, and Wanda had gone in fairly close after one another and had had a special kind of defeat in their eyes when they’d each walked out. She appreciates
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Fix-It
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Family
MCU: Freeform
Self-Indulgent
Iron Family
Everything hurts but it gets better
Parent Pepper Potts
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Pepper Potts Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Eventual Happy Ending
Father-Son Relationship
Eventual Fix-It
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

