Chapter 1: For Your Entertainment
    




Chapter Text

Part 1: For Your Entertainment
It was New Year’s Eve, 2014, and the year was quickly
running out.  A gentle snow drifted down upon Manhattan, collecting on surfaces
and upturned faces throughout the city.  The air sparkled with the snow, and
puffed white on the breaths of New Yorkers and visitors alike who gathered in
the streets, on rooftop, at the entrances to subways and club and restaurants
throughout the city.Over Times Square, a crystalline ball hung suspended, waiting
for the signal to make its annual trip downward to herald in the new year.At Stark Tower, a singular group of extremely well-dressed
revelers mingled, sipped at fine champagne, sampled delicacies imported from
across the globe (including nearby Brooklyn), spilled out onto the terrace at
eye level with the Chrysler Building, or gathered around the massive television
set to watch the New Year’s Rockin’ Eve broadcast from across town.Among the partygoers there was a noticeable, Cap-sized
hole.  Captain America, off-duty as Steve Rogers, was in Times Square, waiting
to hit the control with Mayor deBlasio to set the ball on its final journey
into 2015.  The others had opted to stick with Stark’s party where the air was
warm and the booze was top shelf.  Cap’s serum-enhanced body adapted easily to
the cold and booze was wasted on him anyway … that was what Tony Stark had
thrown out and everyone more or less agreed with him.  For once.For Bucky, there had never been a question of going to Times
Square.  The concentration of what was loosely known as humanity was simply too
much for him to process at this time.  He’d originally expressed interest in
attending the Times Square bash, but when he’d seen footage of previous years’
celebrations, the fine tremor in his hands had been obvious enough that Steve
and Sam both had recommended against it.  Well, pretty much put their combined
big-ass feet down.  Pity, as Buck really could have used a real blow-out.  The
party at Stark’s was nice and all, but nobody was dancing, and nobody’d gotten
into a fight yet, so Bucky wasn’t sure he’d call it a party just yet, if ever.Thing was, Bucky had only been functioning independently for
a few months, his memories were still an unreliable patchwork, and his nerves
were still raw and easily irritated.  He was getting tired of being a bundle of
barbed wire and flayed flesh, but all anyone could promise him was “it’ll take
time, hang in there.”So he sat on a couch in a massive room with floor to ceiling
glass walls, full of pretty people drinking expensive booze, eating stuff he
generally didn’t recognize and navigated mostly by smell, with a wall-sized
television blaring out something people in this time considered music while his
old pal froze his patriotic ass off in Times Square.  He wasn’t actually sure
which one of them drew the short straw, but at least his not-so-patriotic ass
was warm.Some guy dressed in a finely tailored long woolen coat with
a patterned scarf wound round his neck was crooning loudly on the television,
his black hair coiffed into a modern day pompadour, his nails painted black,
and his eyes ringed in kohl.  He held the microphone like he was going down on
it, his eyes and smirking lips wickedly promising all manner of filthy … somethings. 
Bucky growled at the singer and shifted sideways, willing the subtle response
of his dick to this … guy … to go away.  Well, he had to admit there was
a kind of feminine quality to his powerful voice, to the coquettish way he
flirted with the camera, but Bucky wasn’t like that, no, he most surely was not. 
At least, he was pretty sure.What the hell happened to Guy Lombardo?  Or Dorsey or
Beiderbeck?  And what’s with all the yelling and eyeliner?  How the hell
do you dance to this stuff?The archer, Clint, slid over the top of one of the sofas
with a plate of food in one hand and a flute of champagne in the other, and
grinned triumphantly.   Nice trick, and not a drop of champagne spilled, and
not one morsel had fallen off his plate.  Bucky nodded to acknowledge the
feat.  Clint waved his plate toward the massive screen.  “Adam Lambert.  Hell
of a voice.  Kinda sorry I didn’t haul ass down to Times Square with Rogers
after all.”“You know this … fairy?”Clint snorted just before he took a sip of his champagne. 
“Not a nice word in this day and enlightened age, Barnes.  But you’re not
wrong.  And everybody knows Adam Lambert.  He’s kind of a poster boy for glam gay
power these days.  Great pipes, got a helluva swagger, and the ladies still
love ‘im – prob’ly think they can turn ‘im straight given half a chance.  
Everybody’s gotta have a hobby,” he added with a grin and a shake of his head.“Huh,” Bucky observed grumpily and turned his attention back
to the television.  Lambert had finished singing and the camera was on that
Seacrest guy, wasting airtime with some nonsense or other.  Then there was a
commercial for some forgettable product Bucky would 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis
Howard Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bisexual Steve Rogers
homophobic bucky barnes
Coming Out
New Year's Eve
Homophobia
Homophobic Language
Internalized Homophobia
Broken Friendship
the bachelor - Freeform
New Year's Rockin' Eve
Good Morning America
For Salvia_G
For the Like a Cruel Mistress Woos gang
Friends to Lovers
Recovery
Reconciliation
Swearing
Pissed off Steve Rogers
Inspired Steve Rogers
Bratty Bucky Barnes
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Howard Stark's mad man-crush
Artist Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper
Darcy Lewis's Taser
It Gets Better Project
The Trevor Project
Food Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis
Howard Stark & Tony Stark

