Chapter 1: PROLOGUE
    




Chapter Text
  
Move-in day was finally here. Peter Benjamin Parker, a recently graduated 18 year old boy, was starting a new chapter of his life. Not only is he moving out of his aunt’s apartment to be an indepedent college citizen, today’s his first day on his new job (and not the flipping burgers kind).
 
No, today, Peter is an Avenger. His dream his finally coming true. He can hardly contain his excitement. 
 
Glancing at his Starkwatch midswing, Peter is 

way 

earlier than expected. It took a lot shorter to pack than he’d expected (Peter can fit most of his belongings in his backpacks). 
 
He enters the premises with his new Avengers I.D. and walks up to the building. On the campus, there isn’t many buildings between here and the city, so he has a mile walk everyday, but he doesn’t mind. It’s practically nothing to him. 
 
Peter doesn’t even bother entering through the doors. He’s been invited here before. He spots the living room window and shoots a web. He stumbles through the window to find he’s not alone. 
 
“Hey--” Peter greeted, slipping off his mask upon his entrance. He set his backpack down and looked at the life on the couch before realizing he’d made a horrible, detrimental mistake of not using the door. 
 
Steve, pressed up against the couch, wore a panicked expression. On top of him, Bucky Barnes, angry as hell about the disruption, had a trail of saliva from his mouth to Steve's exposed penis. He glared at Peter over his shoulder. Steve was completely naked, and Bucky was missing a shirt. “I am so sorry to interrupt!” Peter cried in a panic, ripping his eyes off of Bucky’s figure. The man has a death stare, and Peter doesn’t want to make things worse than they already are. “I didn’t see anything. Nothing.” He backed up until his legs hit the wall. 
 
Peter didn’t stop until he backed himself out through the window. He fell back, letting himself fall for a few feet before clinging to the wall. He crawled away towards a safe room, the business quarters of the compound. Once inside, Peter entered the lab. 
 
Thankfully, he wasn’t interrupting anything this time. Tony and Bruce sat at their respective desks, deep in their work. Neither looked up at the sound of the door opening. 
 
“Hey,” Peter greeted, peering over Tony’s shoulder. “What’re you working on?” 
 
“Some adjustments to Bucky’s new arm,” he answered without looking. The second his name dropped, Peter froze. “Oh, whoa, you have beef with Barnes? If I have to put it behind me, so do you.” 
 
“Peter.” Bruce greeted kindly, joining them. “Bucky won’t do you any harm. He’s changed, so--” 
 
“Dr. Banner, that wasn’t it at all,” Peter said, shaking his hands frantically. They got the wrong idea completely. Peter might be a little… timid around him since they don’t have a positive experience together (the only time he’s met him was the airport fight), but he’s not scared of him. At all. (Maybe.) 
 
“Then what’s wrong?” Tony asked, perplexed. 
 
Peter didn’t know how to answer that. Was he supposed to admit walking in on him doing inappropriate things to Captain America on the couch? He didn’t even want to think about it. 
 
Peter shook his head. “Nevermind, forget it,” he said, practically begging. Desperate for a subject change, he asked, “Is my room ready? I know I’m early.” 
 
“Been ready,” Tony said, clasping his hands together. “Here, I’ll show you.” The lab door opened, but Tony stopped short. “Peter, where are your bags?” 
 
Confused, he looked behind him to see that his backpack was, in fact, not on his back. 
 
He left it in the living room. With… those two. 
 
Was Peter in the wrong here? He did show up unannounced. However it 

is 

a living room. 
 
“Are you okay?” Bruce asked, voice laced with concern. “You’re looking a little sick.” 
 
They began the walk to the elevator, down the stairs, until they reached the dreaded living room. “You’re not sick, are you?” Peter shook his head. “You can’t trust this kid. One time he called me at 3 am because he passed out on patrol due to too much furniture polish in his system.” 
 
Bruce opened his mouth to ask a question, but he didn’t bother. He opened the door to the living room and walked through. Peter had stopped in his tracks. 
 
“Hello?” Tony asked, waving a hand in front of his face. “Earth to Peter.” Bruce had walked in normally. Managing a brave face, Peter stumbled into the living room. 
 
Steve and Bucky were nowhere to be seen. Peter scanned the living room, looking everywhere for a sign of the two. His backpack lay untouched. 
 
Tony laughed suddenly and clapped a hand against Peter’s back, causing him to jolt suddenly. “I see. Fanboy is pissing his pants.” 
 
Peter shrugged sheepishly. “I get to live with the Avengers,” Peter admitted quietly, a cheeky grin on his face. 
 
“You are an Avenger,” Tony said. Peter was still processing it. It really is a dream come true. This is what he’s always wanted. “Don’t get all worked up about it; I notifi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Avengers
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Clint Barton
Sam Wilson/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson/James “Bucky” Barnes

freeform: 
Peter is a Little Shit
Bottom Peter Parker
Avengers Orgy
Team Sex
pre-negotiated sex
Gay Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Sex
Sexual Content
lots of sex!
Bondage
Gay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Overstimulation
Torture
consensual torture
Teasing
Tickling
Vibrators
Punishment
Spanking
Edging
Humiliation
BDSM
Predicament Bondage
Sex Toys
Sexual Torture
Sexual Punishment
Prostate Milking
Multiple Orgasms
Orgy
can i tag pet play if peter wears cat ears once
Pet Play
Bi Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Aftercare
(occasionally)
All consensual!
Peter is Legal
Sub Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
top avengers
Power Bottom
so many tags im sorry
it’s not my fault Peter is a whore
Slut-Shaming
Degradation
Dirty Talk
Power Play
Feminization
peter is baby
Kinky

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Avengers
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Clint Barton
Sam Wilson/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Sam Wilson/James “Bucky” Barnes

