Chapter 1: Ironman and Blackwidow
    




Chapter Text

IronMan and BlackWidow
 "I'm quiting.""What the fuck are you saying Agent?" Nick Fury stood up from where he is seated glaring at Natasha."I said I'm quiting.""That is not how it works here." Maria Hill came from behind Fury. Lifting an eyebrow at the red head."Well I can't endanger my child's life. This job is not worth it.""A child?!" Fury and Maria gasps and someone from the vents fell out. Clint Barton scramble to stand up, pales as he assess his friend who remains poker face with a hand over her belly."H-How? I.. I thought? Tasha.. aren't you sterilized?" Clint says which made Natasha lift an eyebrow but nonetheless she smiles a bit. A small smile that is quiet the big deal for Natasha."Apparently not.. so if you ever need me. Only if its the world's at stake here. I'll help you out but for now. My own world is growing in me. I can't lose it. Maria will know where to find me right?" Maria nods still shock at the news."Wait! Who's the father?" Clint asks before Natahsa leaves. She glares at him and kicks his chest making him stumble, groaning at the impact."Ow! What was that for?""Classified information." She smirks and not a second later she disappears.    "I'll keep you safe my милый." Natasha held her stomach. A little bumb, barely visible was there and the heat she felt over her palm is something that spreads all over her body.A miracle.She stares up at the large tower. Smiling."Thank you for my miracle.. Tony." She lived a quiet life after that. Maria and Fury even sent her flowers during..."How are you Tasha? Can we come in?" Clint wearing casual clothes is not something you see everyday. He comes in with a large bouquet of flowers. Behind him was a tall blonde man holding a large teddy bear and blue balloons with 'Its a Boy!' written on 'em. "Nat.. congratulations." Steve Roger says placing the balloons over the table and Clint did the same as both of them gravitates towards the blue borito like blanket that Natasha's holding. "I'm okay, come meet him." Natasha did look okay. Her hair was up in a messy pony and her face looks pale and tired but nonetheless she still blooming with flush cheeks and eyes misty as they watch her face plastered with the largest smile Natasha ever showed. "Oh my God.. he's beautiful Tasha." Clint says as he sat next to her and so did Steve. Sandwiching her as they try to peek at the boy. Brown thin curls peeking through his blanket and red cheeks so round and soft like a marshmallows."Do you have a name already?""Yeah.. His name is Peter Adrik Romanoff.""Peter.. nice to meet you Peter. Oh.." All of them stills."Would you look at that.." Steve held his breath so did everyone as the boy stirs, opening his big brown eyes, like he's trying to look and see where he is."That's the first time he open his eyes." Natasha wipes a tear but she's already crying."I got it." Clint had his camera snapping without flash on already. Getting dozens of pictures of the baby and Natasha. Then at them. Steve then hands over some handkerchief to Natasha to wipe her tears. "He's perfect Nat. Congratulations.." Steve beams."Thank you. The doctors said he really was a miracle. My eggs are really few and they even thought at first he will not survive but my pregnancy was smooth and there were no complications whatsoever. He is healthy. Though the Doctor assures me that having another child might take another miracle. He's my only world. You'll help me protect him right?"Natasha tears up again. The vulnerable side of her she had never shown to anyone. But with her world out in the open and in her arms. Steve and and Clint wrap their arm around her back. "We will keep you both safe." Clint smiles kissing his friend's head."Peter will be fine Nat. You'll be both fine." Steve says and Peter whimpers. Making all of them alert."What does he want? Oh no.. he's crying now. Shit what will we do?" Clint panics."Language, there's a baby here." Steve glares at Clint. "Gentlemen relax. He's just hungry. So if you excuse us?" The nurse came in shooing both of them out."We'll just grab some food for you Tasha. We'll be back." Clint smiles awkwardly as the nurse prepare her for breastfeeding. He quickly turns away as Steve drags him out of the room. "It'll be weird at first but Mommy's milk will give him all the nutrients he needs." Natasha nods at the middle aged Nurse who helps her settle Peter who immediately stops crying once he suckles. Natasha takes a deep breath in, smiling."Good?" The nurse smiles at her and she nods."Yeah, I'm okay.""He woke up. After feeding he'll probably poop or pee. Since you do have visitors. Ask them to help you out. Is the father around?""No. No father." Natasha quickly says not taking her eyes off her angel."Oh then.. ask the uncles." The nurse says still smiling like what Natasha's answer is already one of the norms here."Yeah. His Uncles." She nods. That does have a nice ring to it."Hey милый, slowly.. I will not go anyw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Natasha Romanov's Biological Child
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Natasha Romanov
Sick Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Single Mom Natasha
spiderson
Irondad
Spidermom - Freeform
Uncle Clint Barton
Uncle Steve Rogers
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Domestic Avengers
Not align to probably all Marvel Movies
Freeform
Protective Pepper Potts
Fluff
Fluff and more fluff
Multiverse
Switched Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

