Work Text:
 
 

“These are the times that try men’s souls. The summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their country; but he that stands by it now, deserves the love and thanks of man and woman. Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us, that the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.”


 


- Thomas Paine

 
 
War

 
401 KILLS
IF YOU ARE RECOVERING MY BODY FUCK YOU
 
Bucky snapped the lid of the lighter back, flicking at the wheel until a small flame appeared in the midnight air. For a moment, his thumb was lit yellow, then he leaned forward to light the end of his cigarette, and in second, the flame was gone, the yellow was gone, and all that remained was a tiny red circle of burning.
That, and the sour taste of smoke.
He’d always been a smoker. His father was a smoker, and his mother smoked in the yard when she thought no one was watching. His little sister used to wrinkle her nose up at the smell that permeated the house and turned the ceilings a dull yellow, but even Rebecca, in time, would smoke in the darkness after dance halls and parties. He’d seen her once on the bus, lit golden on the inside as it passed through Brooklyn on the way back from some do in Queens; she and her friends had been laughing, gaggled together by a window. Maybe she’d had a little to drink, because her laugh was loudest of all. In one hand, raised and loosely flung out the crack of the window, was a cigarette, almost burnt down to her fingertips.
She smoked for fun, his father smoked for appearances, his mother smoked for stress, and Bucky smoked for focus. Because, for a few minutes, he could watch the smoke dissipate; could do something non-violent, non-anything with his hands.
The Barneses were all smokers.
He couldn’t see the engraving he’d carved into his lighter, but he ran his thumb over the words anyway. 401 kills. He’d been in the army for less than two years, and yet he had four-hundred-and-one lives on his hands, bloody and bruised and dead. At least, he did a month ago, when he’d written it. Now the total was some twenty heads higher.
Bucky stuffed the lighter in his pocket and settled back down in the dark. Like all the nights in Europe, he had a feeling it was going to be a long one.
 
*
Bucky had met Steve Rogers in the playground. He’d been seven at the time, trying to flirt with Betty Turner by the apple tree, when she lost interest in him entirely to watch the scrawny kid who only showed up to half the classes get thrown onto the tarmac. Bucky had never really taken notice of him, but now he stared like everyone else as Ben Clark whaled on the kid.
Poor sap, Bucky had thought as he watched, and then – what the hell? as he stood back up, smeared the blood from his lip across his cheek with the back of his hand, and proceeded to fly back into the fray. He’d gotten back up. He’d gotten back up and was still fighting.
He was also still losing.
There was absolutely no thought process going on as Bucky pushed himself away from the tree and into the fight. Just the feeling that this was what he had to do.
He punched Ben Clark so hard the kid went reeling, his nose spurting with thick, red blood, and placed himself between he and the tiny boy on the ground. Bucky wasn’t the biggest guy on the playground, not by a long shot, but he’d been in his fair share of fights, and he supposed Ben Clark knew that, because he backed off, wary-eyed and sniffing hard.
“You shouldn’t get back up like that,” Bucky had said then, looking at the kid on the ground. He was tiny, really. All bare bones and gaunt features. His hair was a mop of yellow, and already red marks were forming across his face (and, Bucky assumed, his torso) from the hits.
“Well I’m not staying down here,” the kid growled, his arms shaking as he propped himself up on his elbows. Bucky threw out a hand to pull him up, and the kid eyed it suspiciously before taking it.
“I meant in a fight. Play dead. Stay down. You don’t get hit so much that way.”
“I’m gonna get hit whether I’m up or down,” the kid retorted. “So I might as well be on my feet. Why’d—why’d you help me, anyway?”
Bucky shrugged. “Looked like you were gonna die, I dunno.”
The kid cracked half a smile then, and it made his face seem more… alive. Like, all of a sudden, he wasn’t looking at a walking child corpse, but a real body; all flush with colour and vitality.
“Well… thanks,” the kid said. “That was a good punch.”
Bucky had shrugged, shoving his hands into the pockets of his trousers. They were too small; most of his clothes were. The only things that properly fit were his shoes, and that was because his next-door neighbour had passed them down to him only two weeks before. While Bucky hoped he’d grow a lot – he wanted to be bigger and taller than everyone else in class – he also hoped he wouldn’t grow for a while; his Ma had looked pinched and uncomfortable for three days after trading a week’s wort
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
World War II
Memory Loss
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Love Confessions
Bucky Barnes Has Cats
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

