Chapter 1: you're pure...good.
    




Chapter Text
you didn't know what happened. first you were cleaning in the house with your 'family', the next the kings guard came in doing a scan check on everyone. they looked at you and then dragged you off. you looked behind to see your 'family' close the door. though they did have questionable looks, it wasn't enough to stop the door from shutting.  you weren't related to them, but they taught you to say that they were. when your REAL family died in a house fire, you had ran away like your mother told you to. you saw 'your new family' and asked them for help. they didn't help you for your own life, they did it for theirs. they made you clean the house and let you live there, it wasn't so bad, but they treated you like dirt which is why you were pissed off by them.  they even gave you a nickname, Skyler meaning (sky). 'your head was a empty as a cloudless sky' they used to say. you told them your REAL name but they wouldn't have it. so you just called yourself Skyler and excepted it as your new name.  the guards had stopped dragging you, and made you speed-walk to wherever you were going. although their grip on your arms hadn't loosened. when you reached the palace, you found yourself admiring the golden pillars and walls. the ceiling with it painted pictures of past battles. you didn't know why you were here. you weren't smart, nor strong. why would they want you? the only thing you could do was read and write. but anyone could do that.  when you reached the main room, the throne room, you saw who was seated on the golden throne of Asgard. Loki. 'I thought he was dead?' you thought to yourself. the guards placed you at the foot of the golden stairs, waiting for Loki to give a command. he gave a nod, and they made you rest on your knees. you looked at the floor, as the guards backed away. Loki stood and walked over to you. the next thing you knew the guards were leaving and the loud bang of the doors closed behind them.  Loki circled you, you could feel his eyes upon you.  "do you know why you are here?" he asked stopping behind you. you shook your head, would did he want an answer? "no your grace." you said. there, that would do. you were taught to always call a king grace.

 "I have grown rather bored ruling." he began circling you again. "yes, there is much to do in Asgard as a king. however during my small moment of solitude I find it rather....blank." he said stopping in front of you. "I told the guards to go to the towns and bring me the most beautiful woman they could find." he lifted your chin so you could meet his gaze. your fear-filled eyes met his dark and rather predatory ones.  "and what a job they've done." he said making his way back to his throne and sat himself down. he beckoned you over with a finger so you would follow. you slowly got up, but not with elegance. you slowly walked up the golden steps and stood in front of him. when you didn't make any more advances he grabbed your arm and made you rest on him. your chest was crushed up against his.  you placed your hands on his shoulders, trying to push away. but he snaked his arm around your waist and pulled you closer.  "Ah!" you cried as your rib cage began to ache. he closed his eyes savouring the feeling of your body close to his. he slid his hand down your back and placed it on your backside, giving it a squeeze. he then tried to slipped his hand under your dress, but you pulled his hand away making him snap open his eyes.  he pushed you off the throne, making you trip and fall. he stood over you looking annoyed, and slightly angry.  "how dare you stop your KING from taking what is his." he said. you looked up at him with feared gaze. he looked as though he had realized something because he then gave you a smile. he leaned down, but you crawled away.  "there are women who would die at my feet if I would but grace them with a kiss." he said leaning closer to you, but you crawled away still, slowly going down the golden stairs.
"the only women who hide from me and fear me, are mothers with their suckling babes and young maidens." he said. he grabbed your arm. and pulled you up so you were at full height. even though it wasn't much, you stood roughly under his chin.  "and something tells me you are not one of those women who would die at my feet for a kiss." his grip tightened as you tired to wiggle away. "you're pure aren't you?" he asked. you looked at him, and then turned away. it was embarrassing to admit it. other girls your age had been with many men more than once.  he chuckled and gave you a dark smile, it was the dark smile that a frightened child would expect to see underneath their bed at night. "so that is why you fear me more than others." he said letting go. "know this, pet. I am your king, and you are my possession. I will have you when I want and how I want. but only after you allow me into our bed the first night." he said kissing your forehead and looking at you.  he made you s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
slight rape
Violence
Sex
Oral Sex
Fingering
Blow Job
ropes
Loki Falls In Love
Skyler falls in love
Loki Feels
Love
Loki is King
Kidnapped
Taken From Behind
eventual love
Smut
Rough Sex
Fire
Family Loss
Loki gives her nicknames
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki is a bit of a dick
Loki's Dirty Whispers

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

