Chapter 1: small talk
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The steward opened their room with a flourish and showed them inside. “This will be your room for the night Mr. and Mr. Rogers. I hope you find everything satisfactory, and if you need anything just ring down to the lobby and we will do our best to accommodate all of your needs.”Steve nodded politely and suppressed the urge to shut the door in the man’s face. He was only doing his job. Tony didn’t say anything behind him and Steve wondered if he just wasn’t the talkative type, considering he had said nothing but what the officiant told him to say, a quiet mewl when Steve had broken his bonding gland and quiet polite conversation with guests at the reception through the whole wedding. “Thank you,” the blonde said. His Ma didn’t raise with no manners.  “We’ll be sure to.”The steward smiled tightly and left, and Steve shut the door, turning to where Tony was standing in the middle of the room with his arms turned around his waist and nibbling on his lower lip. “Hello,” Steve tried, sighing with disappointment when Tony just whispered a quiet ‘hi’ and looked at the ground. “Are you cold?” he asked, trying to build a conversation. Their marriage was going to be pretty miserable if they didn’t talk to each other at all. “I can turn up the thermostat.”Tony flinched, looking at him through surprisingly thick lashes and shaking his head, before flinching and mumbling, “Whatever you would like, sir.”Steve blinked and took a step back. Sir? That was deeply enrooted in Old Way protocol, and as far as he knew it was just Howard’s generation that followed that still. It didn’t make sense for Tony to be calling him that basically saying that he, as an omega, was somehow less than Steve. “You don’t need to call me sir,” he said definitively. “Just Steve is fine.”“Sorry,” Tony muttered a flash of something going across his face before evening out into Tony’s placid if nervous look. “Sorry.”Steve rolled his eyes and sat on an armchair to get his shoes off, wiggling his toes thankfully. “How do you want me?” Tony asked, interrupting his train of thought. “I am yours to use as pleased, but how do you want me?”Steve frowned and got up, stepping closer to Tony when he was hugging himself. “How do I--what?”Tony's shoulders were shaking and the omega wiped at his face--was he brushing away tears?. “I am yours, so you can use me how you’d like--”Steve jolted and had swept Tony up in his arms, pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek and giving him a firm hug before he realized it. “Oh my god, sweetheart no,” he gasped before realizing what he’d done and dropping away from Tony abruptly. “Oh, I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have touched you without asking, I--”“No,” Tony moaned, a dam breaking, clutching onto Steve’s jacket with a desperate kind of urgency. “It’s been so long, it’s been  so long  since someone touched me like this, please.”Steve leaned in and pressed their lips together again chastely, guiding Tony’s head to the hollow of his neck and rocked them slowly back and forth, his heart aching for how young Tony sounded and how stupidly happy he was that Steve was just hugging him. “So long since somebody touched you like what sweetheart?” he said softly rubbing Tony’s back through the thin fabric of his dress. God, his omega must be freezing and Steve wouldn't have even been able to tell. He felt another surge of anger go through him as he realized how used to suffering Tony must’ve been to be able to stand in thirty-degree weather in what was basically just lace and not have even a single tell. Even though Tony was crying and obviously upset, and Steve wasn’t exactly happy either, this was a nice change from ignoring each other.“Without wanting to hurt me,” the quiet response came and Steve bit his lip. His omega pushed up against him to scent him, and Steve let him, walking them back to the bed and tugging Tony into his lap, a soft noise of pleasure coming out of him as he was warmed from head to toe. His omega was so pleased with such a simple act of being cuddled and held, something that all omegas should be accustomed to. The poor thing must’ve been so neglected to get so happy at such a basic touch from what was essentially a stranger to him. “C’mon, honey,” Steve murmured instead of the choice words he had for Tony’s family and reached for the zipper and clasp on the back of the dress. “Let’s get you into something comfortable.”His omega froze, and a soft noise escaped Tony. Steve didn’t even think Tony recognized it and belatedly he realized that this was probably a little more intimate than either of them were ready to get to, but the omega looked halfway to down from a little and touch and some praise and Steve would be surprised if he could get his clothes off all the way without going into shock or having a panic attack. “Sweetheart?” he asked gently, nosing at Tony’s cheek. “Is something wrong babydoll?” “Nothin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - 1940s
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Dialogue Heavy
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Tony Stark
Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Past Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Warnings May Change
Strangers to Lovers
Panic Attacks
Subdrop
Subspace
Safewords
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony
Hurt Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Touch-Starved
Touch-Starved Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Anxiety Attacks
Healthy Relationships
Communication Failure
Misunderstandings
Suicidal Thoughts
Body Dysmorphia
it's rather minor tho
but the tags are in the notes before the fic
Body Worship
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Explicit Sexual Content
(in chapt 9)
Anal Sex
Anal Play
First Time
First Kiss
First Meetings
Knotting
Lingerie

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

