Chapter 1: The Reality of a Former Dreamer
    




Chapter Text
   At 13 years old Darcy was a romantic dreamer. She imagined both of her soulmates as the perfect pieces that completed her. The three parts of an equilateral triangle, all of them necessary and giving the same amount of support as the others.She sometimes imagined a handsome wealthy blonde man or a beautiful green-eyed woman; the sex and features however did not matter to Darcy, she just saw two faceless androgynous people holding her hands whenever she pictured future events. They were the three sides of a triangle together, never to be altered or separated from each other. In Darcy’s imaginary future world everything was perfect.She was the first female president and had two extremely successful and attractive soulmates. Darcy was envied everyone, especially by stupid Valerie Reynolds who found her older soulmate (‘was that a medium or small?’) last year in a McDonalds and held it over everybody else.Darcy would never find her soulmate in such a pedestrian place.Yes, everything was perfect for her; all she needed was to find the other two sides of the triangle.She wanted to meet ‘ебать you aren’t supposed to be here кукла’ first. She felt they would be the most interesting, since they were obviously Russian and Darcy was clearly doing something awesome in a place that she wasn’t supposed to be. She was a rebel.She was planning a trip to Russia for her 16th Birthday; she hoped to meet him then (she assumed it was a him due to the sharp masculine handwriting that turned jagged at the end). In preparation for her soulmate she had learned Russian and was by now fluent.She wondered what she did to make him curse and call her ‘doll,’ she hoped she had bigger breasts by then and that is what he said ‘fuck’ to. She was maturing later than her classmates also a reason to hate Valerie since she had her breasts first. Darcy was a tiny A-cup with too big lips for her face (but she hoped to end up growing into them like Angelina Jolie did since her lips looked too big at 13 too). She imagined herself big breasted with lips as red as any golden age actress, and a sharp wit with soulmates to match.“Darcy?” her mom said suddenly.She sighed as she exited her dream future and faced cold reality. “Keep up, or you are going to get lost and separated from the group.”“Maybe that’s what I want,” angsty teenage Darcy muttered under her breath. “No, you don’t.” Mom snapped. “They are preparing for the visit of foreign dignitaries that are set to arrive at any minute, if you go into a place you’re not supposed to you could end up arrested under suspicious charges. They don’t joke around with the safety of important officials.”“What. Ever.” Darcy rolled her eyes.Mom gave a long-suffering sigh and went to the front of the group to listen to the tour guide. Darcy looked around, the Smithsonian was everything she imagined it would be big and filled to the brim with interesting things. She just hated being here with a group, she wanted to be able to explore for herself without idiots to slow her down.Darcy was going to be a part of politics at some point in the future, of course she knew that there was going to be a ball held at the Smithsonian today to commemorate the opening of a new Captain America memorial. It had never before seen clips and archival evidence of his fight against the Nazi’s.She also knew that there were several guests on the list for the ball that raised quite a few brows due to their suspected ties to Neo Nazi’s. There were also several anti-Russia politicians that caused their own buzz due to their strict visa proposals that looked set to pass if brought to congress.She wandered away from the group on purpose. If her mom had said nothing then Darcy would have just followed the group, but now Darcy just had to piss off her mom. It was in the angsty teenage daughter code.She saw the red velvet rope that block of the giant door that held the never before seen to the public, Captain America Exhibit. Darcy looked towards her watch and saw that it was still a few more hours until the event would start it wouldn’t hurt anyone if she just peeked.She ducked under the rope, softly opened the door, and slipped in silently.She was looking around in awe, that was the original captain America suit prototype, that was a signed picture, and on the far side, dominating the wall was a huge picture of Captain America and Bucky Barnes with the Howling Commandos. It looked to be candid. They were all covered in unbelievable amount of dirt and sweat; it was nearly impossible to tell individual features much less tell who was who.

There was another one next to it with with only the Commandos, it was much clearer and clearly was posed.

She wandered through the entire exhibit and had noticed a cat walk above and wanted to see the full scope of the exhibit before it was filled with people from the ballroom next door. She had noticed an employee entrance and before she wen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Winter Soldier/Bucky Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
The Winter Soldier/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Trust Issues
Don't Like Don't Read
Happy Ending
Animated GIFs

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Winter Soldier/Bucky Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
The Winter Soldier/Darcy Lewis

