Chapter 1: Doctor Tony/Patient Peter
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Peter?"Peter's head snapped up at the sound of his name being called in the waiting room. He turned his attention towards the voice he knew too well and found Mr Stark in the doorway of his office, a kind smile on his face and ready to see him."Good morning, Doctor Stark," Peter greeted shyly as he entered the room, shutting the door behind him."Peter, come on, we've talked about this, you don't need to call me Doctor, not even here. It makes me feel like a stranger," the older man told him as he gestured for him to take a seat in the chair beside his desk."Right, sorry, Mr Stark.""Mr Stark isn't much better you know," Tony teased with a playful smirk, easing Peter's nerves a bit. Tony had always been good at that.Even though Peter was well used to getting a yearly check-up by now, he still came in anxious every time. There was just something about being at the doctors that made him feel a certain way, even if he knew that he'd be in the good hands of Doctor Stark, who wasn't just his doctor, but also a friend of the family, someone who May grew up with and still saw regularly.Normally May would be here to help with his anxiety, but she couldn't take time off work to come in. It was okay though, he was an adult now, he knew how to take care of himself.At least that's what he thought.The appointment went off without a problem. Everything flowed smoothly as always with Tony checking his blood pressure and heart rate, stuff like that, however, just as Peter was starting to relax, Tony asked him something that was definitely unexpected and out of the ordinary."W-What?""Are you sexually active?" Tony repeated his question, keeping himself professional. "Sorry, kid, I know it's awkward, but it's something I have to ask since you're eighteen now." The older man gave him a look of sympathy that did nothing to help. "So are you?""Oh, umm, y-yeah, I guess." Peter squirmed in his seat, trying not to feel awkward. But how could he not while talking about this subject with someone that was practically family to him?"Oh," Tony sat up straighter in his chair, hiding a surprised and not so pleased expression. "Are you being safe? Are you using protection?""It's nothing like that. It was just- uhh-" Peter cleared his throat, choosing to stare at the floor instead of meeting the man's eyes, "just a blowjob one time from my ex," he mumbled out quietly, feeling a sudden heat on his cheeks."Are you sure that's the extent of it? Or is there more? You don't have to hide it from me, kid, I'm not going to go running to your aunt about it, I take my doctor-patient confidentiality seriously.""N-No, that- that's it," Peter admitted sheepishly, being a little embarrassed about the lack of sexual experience he had for someone his age, and obviously about the fact that he was admitting this to Tony as well.Tony hummed and turned to his computer, tapping away at the keyboard for a drawn-out minute. It didn't really look like he was getting anywhere with whatever it was he was doing, if anything, it looked like he was just wasting time, which was weird."Well now that you're sexually active, I'll need to give you more than your normal check-up." Tony turned back towards him with nothing but a serious expression on his face. "I'm going to need you to stand up for me and take your pants off.""Wait, what? M-My pants?" Peter stammered, his face somehow turning an even brighter shade of red. What the hell would he need to do that for?"And underwear," Tony added with a nod, seeming completely unbothered by their conversation."M-Mr Stark, I don't-""Kid, it's alright, there's nothing to worry about, I do this all the time. I'm a doctor, remember? Just trust me.""Right, yeah, of course," Peter mumbled, feeling stupid for questioning him and misplacing his trust. It just felt strange to be doing this kind of thing with someone he'd known for so long.But god was it unsettling. He hadn't expected Tony to start touching him in weird ways, like cupping his balls while asking him to cough. He had to keep reminding himself that Tony was a doctor, and this was all normal."Have you noticed any changes in them recently?" Tony asked as rolled them around in the palm of his hand, checking for lumps, or so he said."No," Peter answered as calmly as he could, trying not to sway around too much on his feet. He failed, he almost lost his footing at one stage when Tony had to squeeze him."How about here?" Tony moved to hold the boy's flaccid cock with his other hand, giving it that same treatment."N-No, everything's been normal," the teen stuttered, eyes slightly wider than usual, and trying everything to remind mature and not step back.Peter had thought that surely getting his balls and cock checked had to be the most embarrassing thing out of everything today, but no, he was wrong, god was he wrong. According to Mr Stark, now that he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Age Difference
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Anal Fingering
typos because it wouldn't be my work without them
Poor Peter
lots and lots of poor Peter
Peter is 18+ in all stories
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

