Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Eddie, Eddie, you must wake up, your body temperature is higher than it has been. Eddie, awaken!” Venom’s voice woke Eddie out of his sleep and he was hit by a wave of familiar heat.  “V, calm down, I’m fine. It’s just my damn heat,” Eddie grumbled as he curled his arms around his pillow, moaning when the shift of his body caused a trickle of slick to run down his thighs.  “Heat, I do not understand Eddie. Are you sick?” Venom inquired, real concern in his voice that made Eddie open his eyes and peer up at the blob that made up Venom’s face.  “In a way, I’m an Omega V and this happens once a month or so. I just super hot and horny for a few days and then I go back to normal.” Eddie murmured as he rolled onto his back, kicking off his sleep pants not wanting them to get more soiled than they already were. Venom watched silently as Eddie shuddered as his bedroom was slowly filled with the scent of heat, slick and arousal. Eddie reached blindly towards his bedside table, Venom wanted to help so he reached out with some tendrils to pull the drawer open. “I see, you need to be mated.” Venom said, as he looked at the various sex toys that were inside the drawer.  “You may want to I dunno sleep or something, I’m sure this won’t be pleasant for you.” Eddie felt his cheeks heat up as he realized that Venom would be present for his heats from here on in.  “Eddie is in need, Eddie is mine so Eddie will be mated.” Venom said firmly and Eddie made a surprised noise when his body was flipped onto his stomach and black tendrils expanded over his wrists, keeping them pinned on either side of his head while his legs were bent do his knees were resting on the mattress with his ass high in the air in a classic position of submission.  “Venom!” Eddie gasped, his cheeks heating up as he felt slick gush from him at the action and the way Venom was forming something like a bar between his knees, keeping him in place.  “Eddie is in need and Eddie is mine.” Venom said stubbornly as if he clued in that Eddie may find someone or something else to pleasure him during his heat. Eddie let out a choked noise when something slimy yet firm brushed between his ass cheeks. Eddie moaned unable to help himself when a tentacle from Venom curled around his erection and began to stroke it. It was a be it on the rough side but Eddie found himself rocking his hips into the touch while something thin-edged it’s way into Eddie’s slick hole.  Eddie shouted and jerked against the holds on his wrists and knees when the thin tendril in his ass suddenly began to expand to the side of a normal cock. The sudden growth and the way it filled Eddie perfectly made Eddie keen and spill cum over the tentacle that was curled around his cock.  “Eddie enjoyed that?” Venom sounded smug yet curious as Eddie panted into his pillow before nodding in reply. “Y-Yeah, fuck that was good V, took the edge off. Gonna need more soon though,” Eddie admitted as he licked his chapped lips.  “I shall give Eddie more then, more than any other human could ever give.” Venom sounded so determined and possessive and Eddie found it endearing in a twisted way.  “Ah!” Eddie cried out in ecstasy as the tentacle shaped cock that Venom had in his ass began to expand to a larger size and shake inside of him against his prostate.  “V, oh God!” Eddie moaned as he pushed his ass up into the air, trying to hump against something solid but getting nothing. “Eddie needs more to climax again? Eddie is greedy,” Venom commented and the tendril around Eddie’s cock began to move again, faster and rougher than before. Eddie let out a sob at the overstimulation on his hardening cock and he clutched at the bedsheets embarrassment at Venom seeing him like this curled in his stomach.Eddie’s vision whited out as his mouth opened in a loud cry when a new, thin tendril pushed it’s way into the tip of Eddie’s cock, sending him over the edge again. Eddie was glad for Venom keeping him upright or he would have collapsed completely by now as he panted against the pillow as his ass clenched and squeezed around Venom as he enjoyed the bliss of his second orgasm.  “Eddie is quick to climax, yet Eddie still needs more.” Venom commented. “Y-Yeah, come on V, knot me. Fuck I need it, need you to breed me, make me yours, oh fuck, please V.” Eddie babbled not caring if Venom knew what he was talking about, but when Eddie was few orgasms into his heat his filter was gone.  “I will give Eddie what he needs, I will make Eddie mine and only mine.” Venom swore, that same possessive tone in his voice and it sent a shiver of want through Eddie’s heated body. Eddie opened his mouth as he felt claw-like fingers digging into his hips and something firm pressing against his ass. Eddie managed to twist his head around just enough to whine lowly at the sight of Venom in his full form pressed to his ass with black tendrils still attaching their bodies.  “Come on V, fuck me, knot me.” Eddie pleaded as he rubbed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Kinktober 2019
monster fucking
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Eddie Brock
Breeding
Tentacle Sex
Size Kink
Possessive Venom
Anal Sex
Overstimulation
Slight sounding
Coming Untouched
Multiple Orgasms
Nipple Play
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

