Work Text:
Bucky is quite certain that there is no place on Earth as comfortable as Steve’s bed. It’s big and luxurious and soft and plush and Bucky can spread out in it like he tends to do when he naps. It hugs him all over and keeps him warm and cozy and he could seriously spend days upon days in this bed, hours upon hours of deep slumber. Bucky sleeps through the night in this bed, which is a huge feat, and Bucky hates the nights that he has to spend in his own bed, in his own apartment.Bucky also loves Steve’s bed because it’s the one place Steve can spread Bucky out and take him apart. He can be spread out on his back, legs embarrassingly wide, Steve fucking into him, harshly whispering his praise into Bucky’s mouth and cheek. He can be on all fours, thighs pushed together like Steve likes, spine deeply curved, biting into the sheets as Steve fucks him nice and slow. He can be the one to spread Steve out, to lay him on his back and to ride him, moving on top of powerful thighs, feeling Steve so deep. The bed is so big and soft that Steve can push Bucky around, move him how he likes, rough or sweet, rolling him or turning him or flipping him. Bucky loves this bed.Bucky loves sleeping in this bed and fucking in this bed, loves spending all moments with Steve in this bed. Tonight, he found himself on his back with his wrists tied to Steve’s headboard above him, back arched, bearing down on Steve’s thick cock, sweat pooling in the hollow of his throat. His thighs had been pushed open and kept there by Steve’s strong grip, his beard surely rubbing Bucky’s neck and cheek raw, and he fucked Bucky hard and deep and long. He dragged the experience out, telling Bucky he could never get enough of his sweet body, whispering and growling his praise into Bucky’s lips and cheeks and neck, stilling his hips every time Bucky’s breaths turned into ragged gasps and his thighs tightened around Steve’s waist.Tonight found himself crying in complete sexual frustration, aching all over in the need to come, to just burst, all on Steve’s cock alone. He begged, high and needy, fingers gripping and pulling at the cloth around his wrists, hips rolling in an attempt to make a stagnant Steve let him come. Steve had shushed him, cooed against his jawline and sternum, head moving down to lick and suck and assault his nipples, left and then right and then left again, “Hush, sugar, don’t beg—Good boys don’t beg. You’re my good boy right, Buck? My sweet thing?”. Bucky had nodded frantically, unable to stop the whimpers and hiccups that dropped from his lips, and Steve purred. “Then take it, honey—just take it. Take what I fuckin’ give you, baby.”And Bucky had. Bucky cried and whined and cried some more, all while Steve fucked into him, in and out and in again. Bucky began to grow delirious, Steve’s thrusts so goddamn deep, cock so fuckin’ big, his touches and words sweet on his skin, in his ear, and when he was allowed to finally come, he sobbed and thanked Steve and shook in his arms, orgasm ripping through his body until his teeth ached.It had been exhausting and sating and nothing short of mind-blowing. Bucky continued to tremble through Steve cleaning him up and being wrapped up in a wall of muscle and blanket and his mind and body and soul felt at ease, so calm. He easily drifted to sleep, Steve’s bed proving, yet again, to be the comfiest place in the world.Steve’s bed was also where he dreamt the most. On his way to deep sleep he would slip into that dreamland, most times either forgetting them within minutes of waking up or remembering them because of their unrealistic and ludacris plotline. Tonight though, this dream feels exceptionally real and exceptionally hot. Sometimes Bucky wants Steve to be rougher with him, to smack him around a little, treat him like an object and not a person. That’s exactly what Dream Steve is doing. He’s got Bucky’s face shoved into the wall, his cheek digging into what seems to be the back of his front door, and Steve’s big body is pressed up against his backside. He can feel Steve’s cock dig into his lower back and he moans. Steve whispers roughly into Bucky’s ear, “Just a little slut for Daddy, aren’t you, sugar?” and Bucky nods his head, whimpering out a small, “Yes, Daddy. Just for you, Daddy.”Dream Steve chuckles meanly into the back of Bucky’s neck, his hand coming around to grip the column of Bucky’s neck in his wide palm. “Say it, Bucky. Tell me you’re Daddy’s little slut.” Steve chides, grip tightening around his throat minutely and Bucky’s body seems to heat up in waves. Fuck, he loves Steve, loves him so much, but sometimes Bucky needs him to be mean, needs him to indulge Bucky and Steve is always there to do whatever Bucky needs. God, he loves Steve.He feels himself drift from his dream but he’s frantic because he hasn’t answered Steve. He needs to answer Steve.“Nggh, M’Daddy’s little slut, oh f-fuck, Steve, Steve please…”He feels himself drift more into consciousness, but he can still f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Light Bondage
Crying
Edging
Dirty Talk
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Daddy Kink
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
barely
Dom/sub Undertones
Humiliation
Breathplay
Sleeptalking
Sleepiness
Sleep Sex
kind of
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

