Chapter 1: In The Beginning
    


Notes:
Okay, so here's the thing:  I've been sitting on this one for like, two or three months.  Seriously.  I actually had to Copy and Paste to start a new draft to prevent it from being deleted.  Why exactly have I been sitting on it, you ask?  Well, my friends, I would say a lack of confidence would be the main culprit.  I love this story.  I think it's awesome but it's also very not like anything else I've ever posted so that automatically makes me cringe.The other thing is that I only have like, four chapters written out and that also makes me antsy.  I like to be WAY ahead before I post stuff.  It's like this weird fear I have that I'll get brain locked and leave people hanging and they'll be upset and... I have anxiety issues, okay!Anyway.  Here it is.  I'm going to post this first chapter before I talk myself out of it.  *Takes a very deep breath and lets it out slowly*

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was a smart kid. Smart enough to have gotten the attention of the one and only Tony Stark at the ripe old age of six and a half. He'd lied about his age in order to enter the Stark Environmental Conservation Design Challenge that meant for middle and high schoolers. When his concept was chosen he'd been found out, thus disqualifying him. Though not until after Tony had already laid eyes on it. Being more than impressed that a mere child could come up with a clean energy solution that was far better than most of the twelve to eighteen-year-olds who had entered, Tony was intrigued. It was also worth noting that not one of the other entrants had made use of the Stark branded clean energy power source. How a six and a half-year-old was able to not only have a basic understanding of arc reactor technology but have the ability to conceptualize it in such a way as to power an electric car was astounding. Of course, he'd had the same idea in the past and had messed around with the concept but he wasn't under the age of ten. After spending an entire afternoon looking up everything he could find on a child named Peter Parker he learned that the boy attended a math and science charter school in Queens, lived with his aunt and uncle and had won the State Science the year previous. After cleverly, infiltrating the school's backup computer system he learned that Peter was at the very top of his class and participated in several extra-curricular including, a small robotics club. In short, the kid was a fucking mini genius. One that from the looks of him didn't have near enough resources at his fingertips. From there, his intrigue became an obsession that eventually led him to the kid's front door. After a shocked May and Ben Parker, finally, let him in the front door he began searching the room for any signs of the boy himself. "Where's the kid?", he asked after May had handed him a piece of shitty banana nut bread and Bed had poured him a decent mug of coffee. That was all fine and good but he'd come there to meet Peter and he had a tendency to get impatient. "He's at school.", Ben explained kindly. He would have thought that would be obvious. It was two-thirty on a Friday afternoon in the middle of February. Then again, what would a genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist, know about, when elementary school-aged children got out of school. "He'll be home in an hour when the bus drops him off." Somewhat disappointed that the kid wasn't there, Tony resigned himself to having a forced conversation with the boy's guardians until he was due to arrive. However, he ended up being rather surprised when the two adults proved to be far more intelligent and interesting than he'd first anticipated. In fact, he was pretty sure he could listen to them talk for hours on end. They were genuine and honest, unlike most of the people he currently surrounded himself with. He found himself actually enjoying their company. As such, the hour flew by and soon enough there was a little burst of energy, plowing through the front door with his mouth already going ninety-miles a minute. "Uncle Ben! Aunt May! Guess what? I got the highest score on the reading evaluation. Even higher than Flash. Ms. Leonard said she would order some books to put in the library especially for me! Oh! ...and Ned wants to know if I can spend the night on Saturday. I promised we won't stay up too--", he rambled before freezing in place. "You're Tony Stark!", he squeaked out, once he'd rounded the corner to find a third adult in the room. After that, he clammed up and Tony couldn't sort out why that would leave him feeling disappointed. Normally he couldn't stand the incessant chatter of small children. There was just something about this one that interested him. Maybe it was because he'd hoped that by listening to the boy talk he could decide for himself exactly how smart he was. According to his aunt and uncle, they'd never bothered to have the boy's intelli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Ben Parker Dies
May Parker (Spider-Man) Dies
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt/Comfort
Alcoholic Tony Stark
Alcoholics Anonymous
Healing
Grief/Mourning
Kid Peter Parker
Adoption
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Alternate Universe
Pre-Spider Bite Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Social Workers
Summer Vacation
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Sex
Separation Anxiety
Parent Tony Stark
Recovery
Sad Peter Parker
Sad Tony Stark
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

