Work Text:
Steve Roger's mother had a band of text running half-way around her left leg just under her knee. It said, Please, miss, let me help you with that. It was the first thing his father had ever said to her.Steve's father had My goodness, what a gentleman! circling his left elbow, which were the first words Sarah ever said to him in return. When Joseph Rogers went to fight in World War I, he would always sign his letters with a circle. Sarah told Steve it was Joseph's way of saying he loved her.By the time Steven was born, the words on Sarah's leg had faded to light grey. She told Steve that she'd checked her leg first thing every morning and last thing every night while Joseph was gone. One day she'd woken up and they were so light she couldn't read them anymore. That was how she knew his father had died. These were the words Steve was born with, running in a messy, uneven line across his skinny little chest, beneath both his collarbones: You okay, pal? Those jerks didn't hurt ya too bad, did they?Steve never told anyone, but his biggest fear was that one day he'd wake up and see the words faded to light grey, and he'd know his soulmate had died before he ever got to meet them.
James Buchanan Barnes didn't get his soulmate's words until he was almost a year old. They were I had 'em on the ropes in neat, careful handwriting down his right side. He wondered if it meant his soulmate was a boxer.Bucky met Steve when he was nine. Steve was eight years old and he definitely wasn't a boxer. He was tiny and scrawny and gasping for breath and getting the snot beat out of him. That was okay, though. He was Bucky's soulmate and Bucky knew he was going to love him anyway.
There was a girl at school—her name was Lucy Reilly—who had the words, I don't believe we've met in spidery cursive on her left forearm. They were so light they were almost impossible to read. She told Steve that they faded just a few months after she was born. She didn't seem too broken up about it.When Steve asked, Lucy shrugged and just said sure it was sad, but her mommy told her it happened, sometimes. And that she'd probably get another soulmate just as soon as he was born.A few months later she came to school with How 'bout you watch where you're going? in thick block letters on her upper arm. Lucy was ecstatic.For a long time after that, Steve would check his words in the mirror every night before he went to bed and the first thing in the morning, just like his mother had. He wasn't sure what would be worse: finding them faded or finding new words to replace them.Bucky was Steve's soulmate. Steve didn't want anyone else. He would never want anyone else.
When Bucky went to war without him, Steve checked the words every chance he got. It became an obsession. He couldn't pass a mirror, a window, anything reflective at all, without unbuttoning his collar enough to pull it aside to see the color of the first thing Bucky ever said to him. And every time he saw the black, the stab of relief was just as deep and brutal as the time before.The one thing, the only thing, he was worried about when he found out what Erskine's serum would do was that it might somehow change his soul along with his body. Steve didn't want to be stronger or taller or healthier if it meant he wouldn't be Bucky's soulmate anymore.Erskine promised him that wouldn't happen. But all the same Bucky's words were the first thing Steve checked for when he came out of the machine. He was still terrified that he'd changed too much and he wouldn't see them. But they were still there.That moment—not running like a racehorse or leaping over cars or catching a spy single-handed like it was nothing, nothing, nothing—was when Steve really knew he'd made the right decision. Bucky was still his, and now Steve could go overseas and protect him, just like Bucky had done for Steve their whole life.
Bucky was in Italy when he saw the I had 'em on the ropes had faded to light grey.He was next to a river, putting his shirt back on after washing the worst of the sweat and dirt off for the first time in days. And for one insane moment he assumed the water had washed the words off like ink.Then he thought that maybe they were just covered up, like the water had stained them somehow. Bucky remembered touching Steve's words, blinking in mild curiosity as he licked his thumb and rubbed at the 'I'. As if that could get rid of the grey and bring back the black. As if that could somehow make it that Steve wasn't actually dead.He wasn't sure when he went from rubbing at the grey to frantically trying to wash it off to clawing at his own skin with his nails, like he'd find Steve's writing in the right color underneath. But the next thing he was really aware of was kicking and thrashing while Dum Dum and Jim held his arms so they could drag him out of the river. Bucky's pants and boots were soaking, diluted blood running down his side."Bucky, Bucky, stop! It won't come off, Bucky! God, I'm so sorry, kid. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Black Widow/Winter Soldier

freeform: 
Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
OTP: Not Without You
OTP: Till the End of the Line
Do Not Copy To Another Site Without My Permission (This Does Not Include AO3 Archives)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Black Widow/Winter Soldier

