Work Text:
Steve had just started to drift to sleep when a loud crash brought him instantly to full wakefulness. He jerked upright, ready to take on any threat.But there was no danger. Just a startled toddler sitting in the middle of a collapsed block castle.He looked up at Steve with wide brown eyes. “Uh-oh.”“Uh-oh,” Steve agreed. He crouched down beside the boy. “Are you okay, Matty?”Matthew nodded and pushed at the surviving chunk of wall, toppling it over in another loud crash. “Boom,” he said.Steve plastered on a smile. The older boys were going to be upset to find their castle destroyed, but Matthew wouldn’t understand. “The castle went boom? Oh no, where are the king and queen going to live now?”Matthew looked down at the block clutched in his hand and back up at Steve. “Oops.”“I’ll help you fix it,” Steve said.“No.” Matthew protectively cradled the block against his chest. “Mine.”“Okay,” Steve said. “You can do that part. I’ll start on the rest.”He started rebuilding the castle as Matthew happily banged a few blocks together. Daniel and Alexander had spent the better part of the morning arguing over the design, building and rebuilding the castle until they were finally satisfied. Steve doubted he could remake it exactly the way it was, but he could try, least.Steve smoothed down Matthew’s sandy blonde hair. “You were supposed to take a nap.”“No.”“Yes,” Steve said. “You were supposed to stop causing trouble for a few minutes so Daddy could take a nap, too.”“No.”“That’s not very nice. Think of your poor suffering father.” He poked Matthew in the side and the toddler giggled and squirmed away from him.“Eat.”“But you just had lunch,” Steve said. He glanced at his watch. Huh. It was later than he thought. “Never mind.” He stood and stretched. “You ready for a snack, Matty?”Matthew stood on his tiptoes, his arms outstretched. “Up.”Steve scooped him up and settled him on one hip. “Okay, let’s see what we can find in the kitchen.”He had expected the kitchen to be empty, but Tony and Daniel were sitting cross-legged on the kitchen floor with what looked like Tony’s entire screwdriver collection spread out around them.Steve stepped carefully over the mess. “What’s all this about?”Tony held up the communal toaster. “Daniel’s going to take this baby apart in less than two minutes. Isn’t that right, kiddo?”Daniel nodded, his blue eyes steely with determination.“Jarvis, two minutes on the clock, please. And ready, set, go!”Daniel snatched up the nearest screwdriver and went to work, his small hands flying over the metal surface. The outer shell came off quickly and then he began separating all the delicate innards into piles of wires, springs, and circuit board. Steve barely had time to marvel at all the components that went into a toaster before Daniel triumphantly tossed the screwdriver down.“Time,” Tony announced. “Jarvis, how’d he do?”“One minute thirty seconds, sir.”“Alright, Daniel! High five.”Daniel grinned. “Beat my record by twenty seconds.”Tony ruffled his hair. “You are getting so good at this. I think you’re even faster than I was at your age.”“Actually, sir-”“Quiet, Jarvis. Can’t you see we’re having a moment here?” Tony sighed dramatically. “We were in the middle of the best mother-son bonding moment in the universe and you just had to interrupt.”Daniel and Steve exchanged a look of fond exasperation.So maybe Daniel shared Tony’s engineering genius. And maybe he looked almost exactly like a miniature Tony all the way down to his grease-stained t-shirt and jeans. He just didn’t have Tony’s larger than life personality. And Steve was grateful for that. As much as he loved the man, the world wasn’t ready for another Tony.“It’s okay,” Daniel said. “We can bond all the time.” He squinted up at the ceiling. “Thanks for timing me, Jarvis.”“It has been my pleasure,” Jarvis said warmly. “Sir and I look forward to your continued successes.”“You said it, J,” Tony said cheerfully. “And I’m sure Matthew’s proud of his big brother, too. Aren’t you, Matty?” He scooped the toddler up in his arms and spun him around in a circle. “But you didn’t just come to see Daniel, did you?”“Food,” Matthew said.“Oh, of course. Let’s make-no, why don’t I find you a banana? Bananas are safer. Mommy doesn’t have to cook anything. Remember when Mommy’s pudding exploded?”“Boom!” Matthew said, clapping his hands together.Steve sighed. There was definitely a reason “boom” had been one of the first words Matthew learned.Tony settled Matthew at the kitchen table with a bowl of bite-sized banana chunks and returned to lean against the counter next to Steve. “So, next time there’s a problem with the toaster, Daniel can take it apart and check it out. Awesome, right?”“It’s great,” Steve agreed. “Now you just have to teach him how to put it back together.”“Oh, he knows that part already,” Tony said proudly. “You have to know how something’s put together before you can break it down and rebuild it into something better.”“Our toaster doesn’t ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Mpreg
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Parent Tony Stark
Good Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

