Chapter 1: Wish We Could Turn Back Time
    


Notes:
Title from - Stressed Out by Twenty One Pilots

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

The sun was setting, and Peter blinked against the spots that were gathering in his vision. He didn’t want to miss the sunset. It was something he had taken for granted for 16 years, and now he tried to catch it whenever he could. It was helpful that Peter could swing onto rooftops and other places that were too out of reach for ordinary people. Often he would sit atop buildings that if May found out, she would have a heart attack worrying about the 50 odd floors that he could drop if the wind made him lose his balance. But he was Spider-Man, his balance was impeccable. Anyway, what Aunt May didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her. 

Peter stopped at that thought because people hadn’t known that a big purple guy would show up and destroy so many lives. Before he snapped his fingers and Peter felt his body being torn apart. They hurt because of him, and they didn’t know it was a threat. So, maybe that wasn’t the right phrase to use. 

He found himself thinking that a lot since everyone came back from the Blip. That things had changed so much, and everyone who came back were scrambling to piece together everything they missed in the five years. Many people were taken from their homes and lost all of their possessions. Some people lost loved-ones. Ned came back to find only his mom waiting for him, his father already buried for two years. Peter held him as he cried on his shoulder. 

May was still there when Peter returned, but her hair was more silver than before, there were more lines around her eyes and a ring on her finger. She’d shown up at the decimated compound after the battle with Thanos and almost collapsed when she saw him standing there in clothes that were far too big for him. They had gotten the blood and ash from his face, so he looked better than he had. He looked much better than Mr. Stark, and Mr. Banner had at the end of the battle. They took the brunt of the damage because of the gauntlet they used to bring everyone back and to get rid of Thanos. 

Both had already healed from their injuries and were home from the hospital. It was touch and go with Mr. Stark for a while, but in the end, he pulled through with scars running up his right arm that would never fade. They would always be a reminder that he was willing to risk his life to save everyone. They would still be a reminder that Peter almost lost him. That thought made Peter scared because he had already lost so, so much. 

He knew he wasn’t the only one who lost people. The Avengers took a big hit, just like everyone else. After everything was said and done, Peter noticed that they were two Avengers down. Black Widow had sacrificed herself, and Clint had felt so guilt-ridden that he hung up his bow, opting for a life of retirement again. Only this time, Peter thought it was going to be permanent. Captain America had gone back in time to return the infinity stones and thankfully was able to find his way back with no issues. He promised that all was taken care of, and since the world didn’t implode, he was probably right. 

In the four months since Peter had come back, he still didn’t feel like he was back to normal. Whatever normal was anymore. He and May were living in a new apartment that he wasn’t used to, and she was engaged to a man that made Peter angry. It wasn’t anything against Henry, he was a nice guy, but he was living with them, and he wasn’t Uncle Ben. To Peter, it had only been about two years since Uncle Ben died, but to May, it was more like seven. He couldn’t blame her. She deserved to be happy, and if Henry made her happy, Peter would smile and be polite. He would walk up the aisle with May on her wedding day and hold his head up high and not think about how his world was crashing down on him again. He would try not to feel like an outsider in his own home. 

Peter blinked and noticed the sun had gone completely down, leaving him in darkness on top of a building a couple of miles from home. He pulled his phone from his pocket and checked the time. It was nearing 7:30, and he was late for dinner. Sighing, he pulled on his mask and was met by the soothing voice of Karen as he swung from the building.

“Hello, Peter. You are very late for dinner,” her voice was soft but held a small warning.

“Yeah, I know. I just got caught up with thinking. I’m on my way. Can you send a text to May and let her know that I will be there soon?” 

“Text sent to Aunt May stating that you will be arriving no later than 7:39 PM. Is there anything else you need, Peter?” Karen asked. 

Peter thought for a second. He knew he had already asked that day, but he couldn’t help asking again, “how’s Mr. Stark doing?” 

The AI hesitated for a minute, “Mr. Stark’s health is optimal. Would you like me to contact him?” 

“No. No. That’s fine, Karen. I don’t wanna bother him,” Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not canon compliant - Spider-Man Far From Home
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Whump
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Post blip
this is going to hurt
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Did I mention angst
BAMF Pepper Potts
It will be okay kids
Fluff
Dubious medical information
BAMF Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Torture
Psychological Torture
Whump
creepy people
Happy Ending
I promise
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Bullying
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Hurt Peter Parker
Guys it’s a lot of torture
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has a Family
Found Family
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

