Work Text:
Toni dragged her nails across the surface of her desk as she glared at the holographic screen in front of her as her knees locked together.  “Fuck,” Toni whimpered as her hips bucked, the action rubbing her wet pussy against the equally wet fabric of her grey tights. She fought against the urge to reach down and rub at herself through the thin material but knew it would only push the vibrating toy deeper into her and make her more aroused. Steve, she needed to find Steve. He had the remote and he would let her come or end this teasing torment. She stumbled over to her private elevator, jabbing the button for her and Steve’s shared floor and moaned when she caught sight of herself in the reflective doors as they slide shut. Her hair was in disarray, her cheeks flushed and eyes glassy. She was holding onto the railing in the elevator for balance and the crotch of her tights were damp and spreading down her thighs as her nipples stuck out through the thin fabric of her tank top on either side of her reactor. She was just about to give in and rub at her aching pussy when the doors dinged and slide back open. “Steve?” Toni called out as she stumbled out into the floor, cheeks burning when he saw him and Bucky sitting on the couch and the remote held loosely in Steve’s hand. “There she is, I told you she would be up soon,” Steve commented to Bucky as Toni staggered closer, not caring that Bucky was there and his eyes were trained on her wet crotch. “Damn Stevie, you have her worked up huh?” Bucky commented as Toni whined unable to stop herself when Steve flicked at the dial on the remote and the vibrations increased.“Steve,” Toni gasped as she sank to her knees in front of the couch, unable to stop herself as her body shook in time with the strong vibrations. Toni could feel the heat of both of their eyes on her and the way she was slowly falling apart under the toy in her pussy. Shame and arousal mingled in her gut as she realized this but it only made her clench up around the toy wantonly and cant her hips forward again.  “Come on doll, put on a show for us.” Steve slowly licked his lips as he dragged his eyes over the trembling form of his girlfriend. Toni moaned as she tugged at the neckline of her shirt, not stopping until her bare breasts popped out and were forced up by the tank top trying to snap back into place. She mewled as she cupped her breasts and began to play with her hard nipples. “Just like that doll,” Steve murmured his approval as both he and Bucky began to openly fondly themselves at the sight. Toni gasped and jerked her hips upwards as Steve nudged the dial, making her gasp as a new gush of wetness soaked the front of her tights.  “Let’s see what happens when we put this on the highest setting doll, we want to see you break apart.” Steve decided as he groped the bulge in his jeans while Bucky stuck his hand down the front of his to stroke himself properly.  “Ste-OH FUCK!” Toni cried out as her body jolted and her hands left her breasts along as her legs sprawled out in front of her and she grabbed at the waistband of the tights. Toni moaned and keened as she worked desperately to get the wet and tight fabric off of her. She managed to get them around her spread thighs, showing off her soaked and stuffed pussy to the two men before she was tossing her head back and grabbing at the waistband of her tights as the intense vibrations forced a orgasm from her.Toni screamed as her body arched and the toy was pushed out of her pussy as her release gushed from her in a long squirt. She collapsed backwards and breathed heavily as she felt her pussy clenching and twitching, she blinked slowly when lean fingers pulled her soaked tights from her legs totally before her legs were pulled up and out.  “Steveeee,” Toni whimpered at the sight of Steve kneeling there between her thighs, he was still fully clothed save for his erection as sticking out lewdly from his jeans. His cheeks were flushed, eyes dark as night and hair messed up thus looking as wrecked as Toni felt. “You always put on a good show for me doll, you get me so hard and I can’t help but want to join in.” Steve said in a husky tone even as he pushed his hips forward, smoothly sheathing his cock inside of his girlfriend’s soaked and sensitive pussy. Toni cried out, eyes watering at the feeling of Steve’s thick cock inside of her sensitive cunt. Steve curled his fingers around her wrists and pinned them above her head as he leaned over her, his hips already moving quickly and roughly as he fucked into her chasing his release.  “I love fucking your pussy when it’s all swollen and wet doll, it’s such an easy slide and it’s even easier slide after I empty a load or two into it.” Steve’s voice dropped and Toni shivered, he was a master of dirty talk, which surprised her but now she loved it to no end. “Fuck Stevie, you two look damn good together,” Bucky commented from the couch where he had his cock out free and was fucking his fist as he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kinktober 2019
Genderbend
Female Tony Stark
Humiliation
Overstimulation
Creampie
Voyeur Bucky
sex toy
Vibrator
wetting pants with arousal
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Blow Job
Vaginal Sex
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

