Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Even as he counts out loud, Peter can hear Morgan run up the stairs, the slide of her bare feet on the wooden flooring and the creak of the closet door, followed by a rustle of fabric and her breathless giggle as she settles in to hide. He takes his time pretending to search, however; walks around the living room and into the kitchen calling for her, like he’s seen Pepper do before. 

When he had grown up he had realised Ben used to do the same, because although Peter would hide in the same place every time in the apartment—in the wicker chest at the foot of their bed—it always took him a while to find Peter, and he would act surprised each time. 

“When did you get so good at hide and seek?” Peter asks Morgan after he finds her hiding place, combing the hair back from her face.

“Oh, I play with Hunter all the time,” Morgan answers. 

“Hunter?” Peter asks as he lets her lead him over to her room so she can pick out a doll or a plushie to sit with her during lunch.

“He’s my bestest friend.” Morgan rushes into her room, and wastes no time throwing aside several dolls and stuffed animals, before she digs out a multicolored snake from under her pillow. “Hunter is big like Uncle Happy, and he has blue hair, and he knows all the songs in the world!” she carries on.

“Right.” Peter bends down to gather a couple of discarded toys to put them back in the box, and Morgan follows his lead. “That’s nice.”

While Peter used to name his plushies things like Mr Penguin and Ducky, Morgan thinks up fanciful, royal sounding names for her dolls, and gives her animals normal people names. Peter guesses Hunter must be the new large panda—currently sitting in the dining room downstairs—Mr Stark had given Morgan for her birthday, and doesn’t think more of it. 
 
“Did you see my braids?” Morgan swings her head from side to side, showing off her hair, the braids brushing her shoulders.

“It looks so cool, Maguna!” Peter says honestly, smiling when she preens. “Has Dad been practicing?” he asks. His face instinctively scrunches up when he realises his slip of the tongue, but Morgan doesn’t notice. 

“Mommy did it. But Hunter taught her.”

“Oh yeah?” Peter asks with a chuckle, imagining Pepper sitting down with the oversized panda as her instructor. 

Morgan hums, fussing with the little butterfly clips. “From the tablet.”

Fixing the drooping butterfly earns Peter a toothy grin. “Well, it looks great,” he says.
 
For weeks he remains convinced that Hunter is Morgan’s panda. Then, one afternoon, Mr Stark offers him a plateful of cookies in the lab. 

“I had to hide them from Morgan for two whole days—and you know she has some kind of super sense for finding stuff—so don’t hold back thanking me.”

Morgan finding everything and anything she isn’t supposed to is a long running joke in the household, and Peter can’t hold back a giggle even as he rolls his eyes. ‘Thanks, Mr Stark’ is all he replies, deadpan.

“Hilarious,” Tony counters drily. “Next time I’m just going to eat them. I’m not sure spiderlings should be having cookies anyway.”

“Mr Stark!” Peter protests, laughing, when Tony gives him a poke in the side with a pen just as he is about to take a bite of a cookie. 
Tony chuckles, holding his hands up and letting Peter take the pen from him. “Alright, alright. But only because I don’t want to have to give you the Heimlich.”  He rests a hand on Peter’s head as he sits down again, ruffling his hair.“These are good.” Perched on his stool, Peter can’t help rocking a little bit in place, almost overwhelmed with the sudden feeling of contentment that sweeps over him, being in the lab, with Tony, and things going well in school and as Spider-man too.  He takes another bite of cookie. “Did you make these?”
“Have at ’em.” Tony pushes the plate closer toward him. “And no. I’m not quite there yet in the kitchen, kid,” he replies with a huff of laughter. “It was Hunter—he bakes too. Honestly, I don’t know where Pepper found this guy. He’s like Mary Poppins.”

Hunter? Stilling, Peter puts the second cookie down. “What?”

Tony raises an eyebrow. “I know it’s a 'really old movie', kid, but you have to have heard of Mary Poppins.”

Peter shakes his head impatiently. “I know Mary Poppins, Mr Stark. But Hunter—Who is he? He’s a real person?”

Tony stares at him, brow furrowed in obvious confusion. “Yes, kid, he’s a real person…?” Bewildered, and unsure if Mr Stark is mad as well as confused, Peter grabs the pen for something to do with his hands. “He’s Morgan’s babysitter… nanny—whatever you call it these days.”

Peter’s stomach drops, fast enough he gets an actual headrush at the words. “You got Morgan a babysitter?” he asks numbly. “When? Why?”

Tony squints at him, forehead creasing further as he sets down the cabling he had been working on to give Peter his full attention. It only makes Peter’s growing anxiety worse. “Yes. About a month ago, maybe? Because sometimes Pepper and I need to do grown up things and we ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Autistic Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Angst
Drama
Family
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Mental Health Issues
Ableism
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Sick Peter
Protective Tony Stark
Domestic
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Insecure Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

