Work Text:
Bucky's newspaper is missing.It's the third time it's happened this week alone, and while Bucky would consider himself to be a pretty patient person when it  comes down to it, there's only so much he can take. He's tried being polite about it; he's left multiple sticky notes on his neighbors mailbox ("please stop stealing my freakin' newspapers" and "you have your own why are you stealing mine"). He’s started borrowing theirs, but he’s always prompt about bringing them back; he’s fucking considerate. Alas, his newspapers keep disappearing, and his neighbor won't acknowledge his notes. He's not even one step closer to getting his own papers back, and it's making him cranky. As it turns out, stealing his neighbor's papers like they've been stealing his is exhausting when they could just be avoiding this in the first place. He just can't not do anything about it anymore. *He waits until he's sure they'll be home, and saunters over there.It's dead in the middle of summer, the DC heat beating hot and insistent on his back. The hair he hasn't bothered to cut yet is curling around the edges of his neck, sticking uncomfortably to his skin, and it only serves to fuel his foul mood. He’ll have to get it cut soon. It’s starting to look greasy and it’s becoming unmanageable. Even though he definitely has the time he doesn’t want to spend hours in the bathroom every morning styling it. There's only so long he can ride the “recent veteran” train before his hair just becomes inexcusable (Sam tries to tell him this is not actually a thing, but it is, okay; Bucky reads, it's a thing, a bad thing. It’s a bad thing he’d like to stop doing). It all just makes him wish he had a rubber band to tie it up so he doesn't have to deal with it anymore. He knocks and waits an impossible amount of time, tapping his fingers against his thighs and leaning on the side of the house. It's a near replica of his own, down to the same flowers lining the front porch and the wood railing leading up the steps. It's oddly comforting.He’s just about to call it quits and head home when the door opens.Bucky's not sure what he was expecting, but this was not it--the man is literally sculpted from marble, with a breadth of shoulders that Bucky hasn't seen outside of weightlifting competitions and a slender, defined waist that he wouldn't mind tracing with his fingertips. His hand twitches at his side, but thankfully he's too frozen to move. The man’s shirt is covered in splatters of paint and Bucky wonders if he's remodeling. “How can I help you?” The guy’s voice is as warm as his eyes are--and they are impossibly blue, Bucky notes--and he finds that he has a hard time not sinking into them.Bucky’s eyes travel from the man’s eyes to his too-pink lips and ignores the jolt that travels through him. He has never seen someone so impossibly attractive before.The thought is enough to snap him out of his daze, and he scowls. “You need to stop stealing my newspaper.”His eyebrows shoot up into his hairline. It’s one of the odd moments Bucky wishes he had a camera. “Pardon?”Bucky’s stare doesn’t waver. “You need to stop stealing my newspaper,” he repeats, slowly.“I haven’t been stealing your newspaper."“Yeah,” Bucky says, because he’s positive it’s this guy. He’s ruled everyone else out through reasonable doubt and deniability. There’s no way Ms. Carter on the opposite side could be stealing his papers, not when she’s nearing ninety-three. There are some days Bucky isn’t even sure the poor woman is still alive, though he does know Sam makes his way over there regularly to check for a pulse. "You are."“I can assure you, sir,” the guy says, and he doesn’t sound annoyed or angry at the accusation, if anything he sounds amused. It does nothing to dull the fire burning bright through Bucky’s stomach. “I am not stealing your newspaper. I have my own.” Bucky squawks. This is his entire point. “Exactly. I’m gettin’ tired of lugging my ass over here every morning to read yours.”The guy looks thoughtful now. “So, that’s where they’ve been disappearing to.” His eyes brighten, then, and his grin widens. “The notes.”“What?”“The notes,” the man repeats. “You’re the one leaving the notes on my mailbox.”Bucky at least has the decency to flush a little, at that. The notes, now that he thinks about it, are kind of really embarrassing. And they were angry; very, very angry. "Yep," he drawls, crosses his arm over his chest. He doesn't miss the way the man's eyes seem to track the movement and he also doesn't miss when his eyes scan Bucky's shoulders, a straight line to the empty sleeve of the shirt he's wearing.He can't help but immediately tense up. He's slowly working himself through the guilt and the enveloping sadness for the arm he lost during the war, but the process is slow-going and draining, and he's not there yet, not even close. Somedays, he’s not even sure he’ll get to that point, when even getting out of bed makes him feel exhausted. But Sam seems to have fait
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Anxiety Attacks
Minor Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

