Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Everyone knows Peter Parker just your ordinary average teenager, goes to middletown high, transgender, lives with his mother, and is spiderman. Though what would say that he was the son of Black Widow? Think that it’s fake? Even more unbelievable than having a “internship” at Stark industries.

Yeah he wouldn’t blame you if he heard that the first time but it’s true. Peter Parker is actually Peter Romanoff though he goes under the name Parker so people don’t know, though even if told they probably still wouldn’t believe him. Thanks to Flash people think that Peter’s internship at Stark industries was fake, though it was partially true as the internship was just a cover up because Peter really lived there. Also yes Peter is transgender recently just started his transition a couple of weeks ago going from Penny to Peter.

Now in his English class it was almost time for the bell to ring. And Peter was finishing up as Mr. Wilson started to give an announcement to everyone “Okay everyone I’m handing out permission slips for parent teacher conferences on Friday I want these turned in before Friday or else you will need to personally reschedule a time to meet with me for your parents.” he holds up a stack of paper and starts to hand each student one as the bell rang.

All the students got up and left Peter was about half way out the door before Mr. Wilson called to him “Mister Parker please come here please.” gulping Peter went over to his desk “y-yes sir?” 

He takes his glasses off whipping them with a handkerchief before putting them back on “Well Peter I wanted to ask you about the lie that's going around the school."

"What lie sir?"

"The one about you working at Stark industries."

"oh yeah that one..."

"Now Peter I know you've recently started your transition and you've been getting attention from it. But you can't go around telling kids around the school that you have a internship there. You know that they only let college students go there, and to even go as far to forge Mr. Stark's signature!"

"Sir I'm not lying it is real-"

Peter gets cut off

"Enough Peter. I don't want to hear anymore! On Friday I'm going to talk with your mother about this and to see how long you should be suspended until this lie of yours dies. Is that clear Peter?"

Peter looks down "yes sir..."

"Good now please leave and I suspect that paper turned in by tomorrow!" he says giving Peter a paper pushing him out of the class room and slamming the door once he was out.

Peter sighed carrying the paper in his hand on the way out to where happy picks him up. Not before catching the attention of Flash as he came over "Well if it isn't Penis Parker! Get in trouble again?" he laughs "That's the fourth time this week, gee your lie has got to be the biggest talk of the school." 

"it's not a lie.." Peter grumbled. Flash grabbed him by the shirt "What you say?"

"It's not a lie it's the truth."

Flash growls "you stupid bitch! I'm going to enjoy knocking you into next week Penny!" he raises his fist but a tap came to Flash's shoulder they both looked to see MJ standing there with a pissed off look "Hey Eugene didn't your mother teach you not to beat up someone smaller than you? Or is your skull that thick to not know?" she asks.

Clenching his fist tightly Flash just gave her a glare before putting Peter down "your lucky Parker!" before walking off.

"Thanks MJ." 

MJ shrugs "no problem loser. Seriously you got to tell someone about this."

"They won't believe me MJ. All the teachers think I'm a liar."

"Not the teachers you goof your mom or anyone at the tower."

Peter shushes her and tells her in a whisper tone "I can't then they'll find out that I'm the son of Black Widow."

They make it out to the front of the school "what's so wrong with that? Maybe people would stop picking on you." There was a car honk Peter looked seeing Happy's car "I-I'll think about it, see you later MJ!" he waved before walking over to the car getting in.
~~~~~~~
Once at the tower and getting to the penthouse Peter sat on the couch his head in his hands "Young Parker what troubles you?" Thor asks sitting down next to him.

"My school is having parent teacher conferences and I might be suspended because my teachers think I'm a liar."

Thor puts a hand on his chin "that does sound troubling. Can miss Widow not make it to the conferences?"

"I don't know. Mom's usually busy and I don't really like to bother her if she's on missions."

"That so? What if I accompany you to them?"

Looking up from his hands with surprise "Really you'd do that Thor?"

Thor chuckles "of course I'd love to go with my nephew!" he ruffles Peter's hair playfully. Peter smiles "thanks uncle Thor. Umm.. would you sign this please?"

"Of course man of spiders." he takes the paper getting a pen and signing his name on the parent/guardian line. Now this was going to be a real interesting conference with his teachers.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bullying
Peter is Natasha's biological child
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
in away
Trans Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
abusive teacher
Brother-Sister Relationships
One-Sided Attraction
Transphobia

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

