Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue “Just shut up!” He couldn’t stand it. The voices just wouldn’t leave him alone; it didn’t matter whether he laid his head down to sleep, or whether he sat up to sharpen his blades, it all came down to those stupid voices echoing about his head. They would talk to him over and over and over until the only word he could remember was ‘over’, then they would carry on some more! It was like a mantra. It was like a chant. They wanted to push him into madness. They wanted him to suffer. There was a deep pain across his knuckles, so sharp and sweet that it seemed to jolt him back to reality, but which reality was a mystery. It grounded him, but he – at the same time – didn’t want to be grounded! He wanted to forget his pain, not replace it with another kind or distract himself with a different sort. Why couldn’t he forget? They wouldn’t let him forget! He had told the little yellow box that he wasn’t bad, but just drawn that way . . . the little yellow box had told him that he would say that, because the person that wrote him wanted him to say that. Nothing he did mattered. He could kill the whole universe and it wouldn’t matter! 
Your hand is bleeding. You better wrap that up!

 

We have the healing factor, don’t we?
 “Shut up. Shut up! Shut up!” How many years worth of bad luck would he get for smashing a mirror? Seven? Seven sounded about right, although it wouldn’t make a difference. Nothing made a difference. There was blood on the floor and on the sink and the mirror was shattered across the floor . . . ugly . . . it looked so much worse . . . not just one deformed face staring at himself, but dozens. No one wanted to look at Wade. He looked down at himself and felt sick . . . he couldn’t remember ever having looked any different. Wade felt numb. They wouldn’t stop. They wouldn’t stop! 
Maybe being alive is punishment. It would explain it.

 

There is no redemption in death.

 
“We can’t redeem this.” 
True, I suppose.

 
Why was it hard to breathe? It was like a vice. He couldn’t remember his chest having ever felt so heavy, but the bloody Hulk may as well have been sitting on his chest! The sweating was the worst too, not to mention how he felt dizzy and cold and – hot? How could he be both hot and cold? Huh, he was insane, after all . . . no wonder no one wanted him, but he didn’t want them either! It was far easier to laugh at pain than to feel it! It was easier to run than to endure it! 
Who’s laughing now? Can’t run from yourself!

 

I thought I was the voice of reason?
 No. No, no, no! He was the man that could wipe out an entire squadron without help, just as he was the man that could go head-to-head with the best, and he had survived torture and kidnappings and attempted murders! Damn, to be your own worst enemy was such a cliché! He was better than that! He was the fourth-wall breaking, lampshade hanging, all-purpose anti-hero! Why didn’t other heroes ever feel this way? It couldn’t be all that chick-flick talking crap they did . . . could it? Wade let out a low growl. He wasn’t like them . . . he wasn’t going to let out his feelings to a stranger . . . he wasn’t going to have them mock him and judge him and – and -! He was fine anyway! Yes. He just had to shut the voices up . . . make them stop . . . the pain too . . . it would have to stop soon! He marched his way to the bedroom. The anger was welling up, because anger was all he could feel when the depression became too much. No one else had made him feel this way. He was the one weak enough to succumb to these feelings! He was the one that couldn’t cope! He was stronger than this. He was better than this! He’s going to do it!  如何して？ 
Inútil. Abominación. Feo.
 “Shut up.” The gun was cold in his hands. He was glad that he always held his guns on his person, but they would do no good. They never did any good. The healing-factor kept him alive when nothing else should, even as he raised the gun to the usual place beneath his chin, and the cold metal felt a comfort . . . it should kill him, but it wouldn’t. It never killed him. The cold press was a blessing; it was a small taste of death in place of the main course . . . better than nothing. It wouldn’t work, but he had to try. He had to try. “Shut up.” * * * “Yo, Cap’!” Wade gave a large wave. It was difficult not to give a bright smile at the sight of the other man, not least because it wasn’t every day that he was able to meet his hero. Okay, maybe every other day, maybe every other month at the most, but not every day. This was a cause for a celebration! Everyone loved Captain America; even in the universes in which he was just a fictional glob of ink, everyone loved him, and Wade couldn’t help but count his blessings that in this universe – his universe – this man was real. He bounced on the heels and felt his heart race. It took a lot to get his blood pumping, but this was definitely one of those things! Captain America looked so cool in his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bisexuality
Minor Character Death
Alternate Universe
Eventual Romance
Male Slash
Canon-Typical Violence
Self-Hatred
Grief/Mourning
Identity Issues
Sexual Identity
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Depression
Past Rape/Non-con
Age Difference

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

