Chapter 1: PART ONE - Chapter One
    


Notes:
Cover art by Celia Golbano: 

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 Part One: Children 
 ~ I listen to the fleeting sparks in history 
  Souls who sing to those around them – and me 
  I crave them 
  I save them 
  Fruit of the eternal apple tree. ~ 

Chapter One
1930Brooklyn Junior High School was a tall, pale-bricked, rectangular building with bars over the windows and a sun-bleached flag hanging from the flagpole out front. On a cold, bright day like today, sunshine gleamed off the windows and made the building stand out against the pale blue sky.Standing in the middle of the bustling courtyard, Alice Moser squinted up at the building for a few moments. She'd been here last month with her mom for registration, but the school seemed a lot larger now it was packed with students and teachers and parents. A group of older kids barged past and jostled her sideways. The air was loud with shouts and laughter.Alice looked over her shoulder to where her mom and baby brother had farewelled her at the black gates, but it was impossible to see if they were still there amidst the throng of mothers in their Sunday best and fathers wearing stiff suits and stiff smiles as they waved off their children.Alice took in a breath, straightened her shoulders, and strode deeper into the pack of bustling students until she found the registration line. A few of the other kids in line glanced her way before losing interest. Alice's gut churned and she smoothed down her uniform: a collared white blouse with a tie, and a long grey skirt over stockings. Her mom had bought the uniform second-hand from an older student whose family they'd met at their new church, and her step-father had managed to darn all the holes and threadbare parts, but she still felt as if she stuck out like a sore thumb.As the line moved forward, Alice looked around. The noise in the courtyard was only getting louder as the clock ticked closer towards the starting bell, and just with a quick glance around she could see that most kids here already knew each other; she watched them run across the courtyard toward each other and clap each other on the back, talking animatedly and waving their hands. A group of girls waved in Alice's direction, and after a second of panic she realized they were waving to another girl who'd walked up behind her.She caught a snippet of their conversation as they joined up in a rush of excited voices: "- did you do over your summer break?"Alice tried not to let her stomach drop, even though she found herself glancing to her left at the large building across the street from Brooklyn Junior High: that was Brooklyn Elementary, where most of these students had graduated from last year.In the fold of her skirts, she crossed her fingers. Surely I'm not the only new student. She'd only moved from the Bronx, but right now it felt like another universe."Who are you, my dear?" Alice glanced up to see she'd reached the end of the line, where a bespectacled woman with feathery hair and a clipboard and pencil was looking down at her."Alice Moser," she blurted out. The woman glanced down at her clipboard with a slight frown. "I registered late but the office said it would be okay-" Alice cut off when she noticed the same group of girls from before glancing her way with funny looks on their faces."Not to worry," the woman said with a smile. "We've had lots of those this year."Alice nodded nervously. That didn't surprise her. What with the market crash last year, she supposed her family wasn't the only one that had to move suddenly. Alice felt a pang of longing for her old house, then squashed it. You'll love Brooklyn. That's what her stepfather kept saying. She was still waiting for it to come true."Found you!" the woman stated, ticking the paper on her clipboard. "You've got ten minutes to head toward your homeroom before the bell rings. You'll be in… 3B." She started to move away, but then the woman added: "That's an unusual accent you've got there." Alice bit the inside of her cheek. "Are you from Canada?"Alice shook her head. "No. Austria."The woman's eyes lit up. "Oh, I've always wanted to see a kangaroo!"Alice stared at the woman for a second, then sighed and decided it wasn't worth it. She turned away and strode toward the main entrance to the school building. She'd checked the school map before coming, so she knew exactly how to get to 3B.As she walked away from the registration woman she found the group of girls from before standing directly in her path, chatting and giggling in a huddle. They'd been eavesdropping. Alice's mom's words of encouragement echoed in her mind: just smile, say hello, and you'll make friends in no time.She flashed a nervous smile at the five girls. "Hello," she said. "I'm Alice, I just moved here from-""Sorry," said a tall dark-haired girl with her arm slung around another girl's shoulders. She smiled at Alice, but it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Spies & Secret Agents
Strategic Scientific Reserve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Brooklyn
Friendship
Multiple narrative
World War II
History Fic
Music
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Romance
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

