Work Text:
The wine is surprisingly excellent, so it's a pity that the canapés are not up to par. Though one wouldn't think so from the sheer number of them that have thus far disappeared into the man standing next to her. Only, she hasn't actually seen him take more than single, delicate bites of the food, as well-mannered and restrained as every other person in this black-tie affair, so it's a big mystery how he's been putting them away as fast as someone who’s outright scarfing them down. "You know, it's not necessary for you to be that convincing.""Hmm?" She resists the urge to play with her earpiece. Takes another sip of the wine instead. Maybe he's sneaking it under the jacket?"I mean, I totally understand that this is payback for all the times I was... not as respectful towards women, including yourself, as I could have been, and I accept this as my due-""Ms. Potts!" says a vaguely familiar voice. Her well-honed memory quickly spits up the necessary name, company, affiliations, and relationship to Stark Industries."Mr. Glenwood," she greets the approaching man with a firm handshake. "Mrs. Glenwood. How lovely to see you both." She doesn't miss the curious looks that they— Mrs. Glenwood in particular—are casting to her side. Pepper obliges with, "This is James, my date for the evening.""James Barnes," says Bucky, holding out the hand that Pepper could have sworn had been full of butterflied shrimp only seconds before. "Pleased to meet you, sir. Ma'am.""Well, aren't you a gentleman," coos Mrs. Glenwood, when Bucky kisses her hand.Mr. Glenwood clears his throat. "Stark too busy to join us this evening?""Oh, you know how he is with his projects," says Pepper, smiling brightly. "I'm afraid I haven't seen him in almost a month." She notices the waiter with the wine tray passing close. "James, could you please get me another one?" She makes a point of trailing her hand down his right arm. It's a very nice arm, and the slim cut of his very nice suit offers hints of well-turned muscles under the fine fabric."Of course." The brief incline of Bucky's head might come off as mocking, from somebody else, but he makes it look natural—she supposes it's not an antiquated gesture for him. "He's a very handsome young man," comments Mrs. Glenwood, who unabashedly joins Pepper in admiring the view of Bucky walking away. Pepper had taken great care to ensure that Bucky's very nice suit fits him perfectly.Another pointed clearing of the throat. "I wanted to thank you for the card and wine you sent after we announced the acquisition," says Mr. Glenwood."Oh, you're welcome," says Pepper, "I'm glad business has been going so well."By the time Bucky returns, Pepper has wrapped up the casual talk, so all that is left is another round of handshakes and pleased to meet you's."Just how much more meeting-and-greeting do you need to do before you've sufficiently saturated the gossip-mill? Or are we aiming for the tabloid front pages? 'CEO Pepper Potts dumps billionaire genius boyfriend for a younger model'," whines Tony.Pepper leans into Bucky's space so that anybody able to see her lips moving will assume she's speaking to him. "Well, right now most of them are still trying to decide if James is just arm-candy, or a full-time replacement."Bucky snorts. He holds up the wine glass to her. "Did you want this?”She considers for a moment, but shakes her head. “It’s probably better if you have it. I’ve already finished two.”“No skin off my back—it’s not bad stuff.” He takes a small sip. Or that’s what it looks like, but somehow he manages to imbibe half the contents of the glass. “Almost makes up for the food.”“See, Steve? Exactly what I meant,” Tony’s voice cuts in. “A less secure man would be, I don’t know, indignant. Or something. Which I am not. I’m just… observing.”“Uh.” Hearing Steve’s voice visibly perks Bucky up. Pepper has to stop herself from smiling wider. It's hard to remember sometimes that the man used to be an infamous assassin. “I hate to agree with Tony, but, um. Pepper, you do seem to be, ah—”“What he’s trying to say is you’ve been staring at James’s mouth all night,” intercedes Natasha, who is spotting them from a different location than where Tony and Steve are manning the security feeds and communication lines.Pepper feels the blush starting high on her cheeks. “I was trying to figure out where he’s been putting it!” A beat. “I meant all the food. That may have sounded better in my head.”“Oh, the jokes I am holding back,” chimes in Clint. “On the plus side, everybody not listening in to this channel is probably convinced that Pepper and James are whispering sweet nothings to each other. Making plans for later tonight, that sort of thing. I’m sure you know what I’m getting at, Stark.”Bucky glances for a moment at one of the buildings bordering the open-air event—where Clint has stationed himself, no doubt, though Pepper has no idea how Bucky knows—and then gives Pepper a wink and a particularly suggestive smirk, which 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts & James "Bucky" Barnes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Covert Operation
Jealous Steve
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Barebacking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts & James "Bucky" Barnes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

