Work Text:
Bucky’s underpants are sticking to his skin, inching up between his legs with every step he climbs, pasted to the itchy tickle of liquid heat creeping down the inside of his thigh. If it weren’t for the hot ache in his ass, it’d be maddening. As it is he keeps getting distracted by the dull throb of raw flesh and the occasional sharp sting when he can’t quite stop himself from clenching.Steve’s hand isn’t helping, feather light on his back, like he’s scared to touch Bucky and can’t help doing it anyway.That kind of thinking sloshes around the empty space between Bucky’s ears, seeps down into the pan of his hips. Gives him a whole other sensation to focus on as his sensitive dick nuzzles at the inside of his fly.There’s only three flights of stairs up to their apartment, but it feels like eighty with how his legs are shaking. He spends most of his days hauling crates, there’s no good reason for him to be this worn out from barely an hour of-The memory of Steve sprawled out under him, bucking up into him, hits so hard he’d swear he can smell the roses and powder and expensive cigarettes. Feel the dew of sweat on Steve’s skin - flushed, but healthy-like; the kind that comes from exertion instead the sickly, clammy sort that Bucky’s seen staining his face too damn many times. Looking like he’d found religion right there between Bucky’s burning, trembling thighs while Bucky tried to screw the both of them into each other faster, harder. The heavy, strange weight of his cock so deep inside Bucky’d wanted to press at his own belly just to see if he could feel it from the outside.A weak blurt of precome squeezes out of Bucky, twin to the thready puff of sound that’s too close to a moan for him to be making out on the stairwell. It’s late enough that most decent folks will’ve already gone to bed, but there’s plenty of indecent types around to make the prospect of being overheard a real risk.Steve nudges up against his ribs as if he’d be able to catch Bucky if he fell. Couldn’t and they both know it, but still, Bucky clutches at him, hand engulfing the whole of Steve’s shoulder; thin skin and fragile bones and the kind of strength sunk down in them that most people’ll never be lucky or smart enough to know anything about.Steve might not be able to help carry a couch up the stairs, but he wears the damn world around his neck, and he puts it on willingly. Sometimes Bucky sits around feeling smug over being one of the only people sharp enough to notice it. Other times he’d like to kick everybody who’s ever looked right at Steve and not seen anything worth a second glance.The keys plunk loud against the landing outside of their door as Steve fumbles with them. Has to let go of Bucky to snag them again, so Bucky presses up against the doorjamb instead. Hopefully if anybody walks by it’ll look like he’s hit the bottle too hard. Not exactly the kind of reputation he’d like to build for himself, but still better than being seen standing around with his best friend, a hardon, and a hitch in his giddyup.A hundred years later, Steve finally gets the door open and Bucky makes a low speed beeline for the kitchen sink. He runs his head under the tap, the cool shock rinsing away sweat and pomade and not a single one of the dozen sinful thoughts knotted up around the base of his skull.“You okay?”Steve’s hovering just inside the front door when Bucky looks around, water dripping in his eyes and pattering onto the floor. Locked it, at least, for all the illusion of privacy that provides.The outline of Steve’s hands, balled into fists inside his pockets, looks too sharp despite the wool barrier. His nice pants. Standing there in his fucking church clothes and all it makes Bucky want is to walk over there and rub him through them until he’s in just as much of a state as Bucky is.The laugh that catapults out of Bucky’s mouth tastes like bile. “Nope.”Worried guilt chases the discomfort right off of Steve’s face. He’s at Bucky’s side in seconds, one hand flat to Bucky’s soaked forehead, the other clasped around his wrist, delicate fingers feeling out his pulse.Bucky’s working overtime just to breathe through the image of that same hand curled that same way around his cock, rubbing through all the slick he was making, finding the places that drive him wild. He can’t imagine what Steve must think of his heart rate just now.“You don’t feel feverish, did I hurt you somewhere down,” Steve’s eyes flick to Bucky’s crotch, which he figures is doing a swell job of conveying how not hurt he is, leastways not in any way he’s not enjoying just fine, only Steve goes on with, “I mean. I should. I’ll call for a doctor.”Bucky traps something snide about having the cash for it now between his back teeth, grits out instead, “Oh, sure. Getting arrested’d really cap off the night.”Steve’s fingers don’t tighten near as much as his face, still being careful even with that short fuse of his. “Bucky, if you’re injured-”Another laugh shakes free of Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Period-Typical Homophobia
Overstimulation
Exhibitionism
Barebacking
Anal Fingering
Public Sex (past)
Internalized Homophobia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

