Chapter 1: Replaced...
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker had a pep to his step that deflated when he saw an unknown face in the kitchen of the tower, standing next to Tony, happily talking and laughing with him. A boy with Brown hair, dyed blonder at the tips and green eyes. It was strange, Tony refused new people and on the rare occasion he accepted to meet them, he barely even looked at them. Peter looked towards Tasha, on the couch who stared back at him with a disgusted expression, which he wasn't sure was directed at him or the boy. Going off his confused look, Tasha nodded her head to the kitchen. Peter nodded and cautiously started approaching his father figure and the unidentified one. Tony noticed him when he started moving towards the stairs to his room."Hey Pete! Come over to the lab when you're finished with your homework!" Peter froze when he first heard the voice but relaxed when he realized Tony meant no harm."Wanna introduce me to your friend?" Peter pointed at the boy beside him."Oh! This is Aiden Bradshaw, he's a freshman at your school and he's really smart, so I thought I'd try someone else out!" "Ok?" Peter was caught off guard by the rude comment but he brushed it off and stomped upstairs. He opened the door to his solitude, the only place he was safe. With his own personal lab and bathroom and king sized bed. But his hand flew to his mouth when he found his posters torn off the wall, his things tucked messily into boxes and the pass code to his own lab changed. He sunk to the floor, frightened at what had gotten into Tony, but sort of confused at what had gotten into Tony. He heard footsteps moving towards his room and he quickly regained composure before they could open the door. Red hair flew into his sight and he heard a small gasp behind him. "What is this?" Natasha's voice went quieter when she spoke and her face looked petrified at what Tony did."I don't know Tasha, I don't know." "Peter, find all your things, I have an extra room on my floor and I bet Bucky would build a lab into it if you wanted. But first, lets trash this room, without all your things in it of course.""No, we don't have to do that." Peter hurried to stop the angry assassin"Yes, we do. Get your things on my floor and your ass back down here Peter. Now." Peter quickly grabbed his boxes and stepped into the elevator, requesting to be taken to Natasha's floor. Then after dropping his things off, riding back down to his old floor. Where he found Natasha waiting with a few hammers."What. No, I was thinking of just toilet papering it.""Yeah, and I was thinking of burning it to the ground, so I chose an in between, grab a hammer and start smashing bitch." She said, moving towards his old lab, raising the hammer and bringing it down on the glass walls, which shattered immediately. Peter grabbed the hammer and started swinging at windows and counter tops, finally channeling his anger to do something useful. Bucky and Clint heard the noise and found a half destroyed room and two fuming, hammer swinging, people in the half destroyed room. They learned what had happened and gratefully joined in. Peter took a few deep breaths and told Tasha he was going to pretend everything was fine and go downstairs, to the lab to see what it was all about. Peter hopped down the stairs and put his thumbprint on the easy access entry. When it buzzed and said: Incorrect. Peter felt like crying and just typed in the code. When he was let in he found Aiden at Peter's station, fiddling with a piece of red and gold metal. "Hey, Pete! Sorry about your work bench, but you always sit on the counter or the floor, so I thought I might as well just give Aiden your place of work.""What about the thumbprint?" Peter pointed to the door."Oh yeah, I can only have two prints on easy access besides mine, Pepper and you were the two but I thought since you already knew the code I might as well enter his print.""Oh.""Yeah." Peter silently sat on the counter with his beakers and some chemicals, letting out small tears at a time. He just wanted his life back.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
agh.
so cute.
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Aunt May is dead in some of these
Forgotten Peter Parker
Protective Natasha Romanova
Tony is an asshole in a few of these
Dancer Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Car Accident
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt/Comfort
Asexual Peter Parker
Bisexual Peter Parker
Sometimes characters will change sexualities
Sassy Peter Parker
he gets it from Tony
Sassy Tony Stark
Rogue Avengers
Orphan Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Michelle Jones
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
sometimes
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Captain America's PSAs
Chocolate Milk
Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Angst

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

