Work Text:
“Steve,” a horrified voice hisses in the dark, and Steve’s eyes snap open and he grabs his shield from behind the headboard and comes up ready to swing it, still aching from this afternoon’s latest fight and expecting--AIM, he mentally corrects himself mid-motion, not Axis soldiers or HYDRA agents, it’s been years (and decades) since either of those attacked in the night, AIM is the current . . . threat . . . Except the only person in the room is Bucky, crouched by the side of his bed with his hair a tangled mess down around his shoulders and wearing the hideous Iron Man pajama bottoms that were supposed to be ironic five years ago but have mysteriously not left his wardrobe in all that time. Steve has a moment of vertigo looking at him, something like double-vision having him seeing a sleek-haired, smirking boy from the thirties that’s stayed up beside him in his fever overlaid with the rumpled, scarred man in 2020 who’s stayed up because he still can’t sleep a full night through. Six years since the helicarriers burned, five since the Winter Soldier came in out of the cold, more than seventy-five since Bucky fell and he froze, and Steve still has those moments, sometimes. “Bucky?” he manages, blinking stupidly and rubbing sleep out of his eyes, wincing a little as he jars aching muscles that were wounds and bruises a few hours ago. Then he gets a clear look at the other, sees the panicked expression on his face, and instantly forgets all the minor aches and pains to heft the shield again. “What’s wrong?” “I wanna step out with Wilson,” Bucky says, audibly traumatized. Steve blinks again, and lowers the shield. “Uh,” he says. “Come again?” “I wanna step out with Wilson,” Bucky repeats, his fists clenching against the bedsheets with a worryingly loud whirring. “Make time, hit the town, hit that, whatever the damn kids are calling it these days, I want to do it all and then some and then bang him like a drum.” “. . . uh,” Steve says. “Are you sure you’re using the right expressions?” “Dammit, Steve!” “Sorry, sorry,” Steve says, rubbing sleep out of his eyes and forcing himself to sit down on the bed in an attempt to quiet the adrenaline still swish-swoshing through his veins like a particularly irritable rinse cycle. It doesn’t work, mostly because super-soldier adrenaline is technically a narcotic-grade substance, and he sighs. “You want to step out with Sam.” “No,” Bucky says emphatically, then winces and just as emphatically says, “Yes. Desperately. How does that work now? What am I saying, like you’d even know.” “I’m a hundred and one, not dead,” Steve retorts, eyeing him sourly. This is increasingly less worth waking up for, it’s not like Bucky doesn’t always have a . . . new . . . Wait. “Wait,” he says, eyes widening. “You want to step out with Sam. You want to date someone.” “Shut up!” Bucky hisses defensively, frazzled and red-faced, and Steve just looks back at him and really genuinely almost cries, because it’s the same way Bucky used to get when they were kids and he first got all doll dizzy, before he was actually any good with girls and only made it by with the ones he liked on cocky bluster. “No fooling, Buck?” he manages finally, and Bucky scowls up at him. “This. This is the thing you think I’d decide to start cracking jokes about after seventy-five years, Jesus, Rogers--” “Alright, alright, can’t blame a guy for checking,” Steve murmurs, finally setting aside the shield to raise his hands in surrender. “. . . and you’re not drunk, right--” “STEVE!” “Alright!” Steve throws his hands up again, but Bucky glares anyway. Steve can’t really blame him. “Sorry. I’m sorry. I just . . . c’mere, c’mon.” “You’re a fucking asshole,” Bucky mutters, crawling into the bed anyway. Steve resists the completely irrational urge to bury him in pillows and wrap him up tight, because God knows that never saved anyone from anything, it’s just . . . Bucky should be warm, always, warm and comfortable and well-fed and content. Even though Bucky came in of his own volition six years ago and started calling him “Steve” again not long after that and can even look him in the eye now, the most minor signs of distress in him still invoke a neurotic need to be sure he’s okay. Someday it won’t, Steve’s sworn to himself, but today is not quite that day. “Sorry,” he says again, reaching over to grip the other’s shoulder tight--the flesh and blood one. The scar tissue on the other is sensitive, and Bucky doesn’t like having it squeezed or slapped or shoved. “You surprised me. Not in a bad way, I just . . . honest, I didn’t think you were gonna be looking at anyone for a while yet still.” “It’s been six years,” Bucky says, jaw locking stubbornly. “Buck, you can look at anyone you wanna,” Steve swears with all his sincerity, ducking his head to catch the other’s eyes on the same level. “I just didn’t think you did wanna.” “Well. I do, now,” Bucky mutters, looking away with a conflicted expression. There’s a lot Steve cou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Male Friendship
even MORE male friendship
So Much Friendship
Future Fic
Fluff
spontaneous superhero sleepovers
and did I mention the friendship BECAUSE IT IS MAGIC
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Ideally From Sam Wilson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

