Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve felt nervous as he walked down the street, his hand constantly rubbing his large stomach, trying to calm himself. The almost due pregnant soldier did not understand why he felt so nervous even though he had passed through the street several times at night. He walked quickly, one hand still on his stomach and another hand still holding a plastic bag filled with snacks he had just bought at a 24-hour convenience store that was quite far from the place he was currently staying at. But as he passed by an alley, he felt someone pulling him hard, making him yelp as he didn’t have time to even struggle. He was pulled towards the alley, an area that was darker than the other areas. He tried to fight, but whoever that was dragging him, he was much stronger than even a super-soldier.They ended up at the end of the alley, not so far from the main street. The hands dragging him started to relax, so he tried to run away again. But again, he failed, because those two hands caught his chest and pulled him back, squeezing the two breasts that began to grow a few months ago on the first months of his pregnant. He groaned and looked at his chest—the light was dim, but his vision was good enough he could see in bare light. His eyes widened when he did not see a hand squeezing His chest, although he could see and felt his breast being squeezed repeatedly, mercilessly.He felt scared, but he could not move at all. His legs trembled. The invisible hands are now even twisting his nipples from the outside of the shirt he was wearing, making him regret not wearing a bra that night.“Stop it!” he tried to say, but the hands quickly lifted his shirt went into his shirt, touching his skin and toyed with his breasts. Those hands felt cold, but that made his nipples slowly hardened, making him feel good even though he was still struck by the fear of something invisible. What the hell was happening? He lived in a world where aliens and gods from myths existed. Anything was possible—even ghosts.One of the invisible hands descended to his stomach, stroking his stomach almost lovingly, while the other hand was still playing with one of his breasts. He felt something pressed against his back. He could clearly see hands moving beneath his shirt, caressing his pregnant belly, but even though he looked back, he saw nothing. Just as he began to scream, the hand went down to enter his training pants and started to play with his cock, squeezing it and then stroking up and down, stimulating his cock to harden.Ever since the serum, he was so sensitive and his libido was out of control. When he was not on his job, he constantly sought people to fuck him. After he was settled in the new century, he started buying lots of sex toys, though those were not enough and he ended up hiring sex workers. Only several months ago it seemed that one of his escapades ended up making him pregnant—he never used protection. In his defense, he couldn’t catch STDs and he didn’t know he could get pregnant.It seemed that his libido worked against him as he started to feel aroused from the invisible hands playing with him.“Ah,” he began to moan as he increasingly enjoyed the invisible hands that continued to tease his breasts and penis, as he began to feel milk coming out of nipples and pre-cum coming out of his penis.It was so shameful, but Steve could not resist his desire to feel the pleasure he had not felt for a long time. I had been a long time since he had sex—because of his pregnancy, he ended up hiding in a small city, in a small country where people barely recognized him. He had to lay low, only coming out at night, bought everything online, or had to sometimes crossdress as a woman, which was awkward. All he had were his hands and his toys collection. A part of him felt disappointed when the hand stopped touching his cock. His training pants and underwear were already wet. Those two pieces of clothes were suddenly pulled down, and he could feel the cold air greeting his cock which now stood straight.“AH, THAT HURTS YOU BASTARD!” He shouted when unexpectedly, something huge pushed into his hole without any warning and preparation. The hole that had not been fucked in a long time was forced to accommodate it, making him whimper. Luckily for him, his hole was rather wet, so he wouldn’t be too hurt. He was sure that the thing inside of his asshole was a cock, he had been fucked enough times to recognize the feeling, but he never had sex with someone this huge. He was sure that his hole was gaping, if anyone saw it.“D-don’t move,” he pleaded, realizing his embarrassing state. Of course, whatever it was that was raping him now wouldn’t obey him. Instead, the cock was pulled out until only the tip was left, and then thrusting in hard, without mercy.“Slow down!” Steve shouted and tears began to appear. His legs felt like jelly, but the figure did not give him mercy. His hips moved forward and backward as he was pounded. If only nobody was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Unknown
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Extremely Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Pregnant Sex
Mpreg
Male Lactation
Inflation
Self-Lubrication
phantom sex
Ghost Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Public Sex
Non-Consensual
Forced Orgasm
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Torture
Childbirth
birth denial

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Unknown
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

