Work Text:
It took some time for Drax to get used to his team but now that he has, he would not want to go back. With them he finds the kind of fulfillment he hasn't felt in a very long time. Since before his family was murdered. 
Of course they have their off times and moments when one or more are stressed, but overall they get along very well since they've gotten over their mutual desire to kill each other. They even pushed each other to do things they had never done before. 
Such as this moment Rocket, and really moreso Groot, were pushing him onto the dance floor of the local club they were hanging at, towards Peter and Gamora. The latter of which was moving only slightly along with her far more enthusiastic partner.
"C'mon c'mon I aint seen you relax since I met you, but now you're gonna join us and you'll like it! You'll see, you'll see." Insisted Rocket as Groot shoved him towards the pair.
They had come at Peter and Rocket's instance, something about blowing off steam. That concerned Drax very much. If they were experiencing a buildup of steam within that would not be a good thing for most races and species, so of course he was all in favor of them going. 
But they did not seem to understand that he personally did not have any steam built up that he needed to blow off. So it was he found himself standing on the dance floor. He was not entirely sure how this worked so he looked more closely at his companions for direction.
Rocket had climbed back onto Groot which seemed to have the dual purpose of letting him see everything that was going on and keep him safe from some of the more wild dancers. Groot himself was quite a sight shimmying to the beat and waving his arms, repeating his mantra of 'I am Groot' to whatever things Rocket was whispering to him.
Having neither the ability to climb Groot as Rocket did nor as many limbs as Groot had to groove with, Drax turned instead to study Peter and Gamora more closely. Gamora was shifting from foot to foot in a similar fashion to Groot, in time with the music, and Drax immediately followed suit - it did seem as though most of the patrons were keeping this rhythm. She had also moved her slim arms loosely around Peter's waist, looking as though she was enjoying herself but also unsure.
Well that figured, she was as much a stranger to this dancing and he himself was. Which was when he realized the one he is looking to last should have been the first. Considering Peter's experience and enthusiasm for dancing, he would be a fine example to learn from. Quirking a small satisfied smile, Drax turned to look at their leader with a critical eye. He felt himself abruptly stop dancing as for, perhaps the first time, he really looked at Peter Quill.
Clearly the human was in his element and he knew it. He had dressed in extremely tight fitting jeans which accentuated both the curve of his ass and dick as he rocked and gyrated to the music. His hands were on Gamora's hips and as Drax watched one hand dropped down behind her, apparently attempting to grope her before it was shoved back up by the woman herself with a noise of displeasure.
Why would she not want him to touch her there? Drax wondered to himself as he continued to study Peter. It must be very pleasing, to have his hands touch you... As his eyes roamed upward he took in the familiar face with a keener eye, appreciating the hair around his chin and mouth and how it served to make his lips look even more full, his smooth, clear and pale skin up to his eyes which were lit up with apparent amusement at being rejected by Gamora, again.
It was with a sudden start that Drax realized his dick was extremely hard and he could almost laugh to himself. Of course! I want to have sex with Peter. That made total sense as to why he'd been standing there staring at him for so long that both Peter and Gamora had stopped dancing and were turning to look at him.
"Hey Drax? You okay?" Peter asked, as he and Gamora both took a step toward him.
"Yes, I am well." Drax replied with a nod. "I have just realized that I would like to have sex with you." For some reason both Gamora and Peter's faces became rather red at that juncture, causing him to add, "Oh no, Gamora, not you, I am talking to Peter. I would like to have sex with him, not you, right now."
This did not seem to help the situation though as Peter's eyes became wider and Gamora gasped out a shaky, "Wh-what?"
"I said, I would like to have sex with Peter!" Drax spoke much more loudly. They must not be able to hear him well due to the music. "Sex! With Peter!" He repeated though even still, they did not seem to know what he meant. "You see, I would like to take him onto the ship, take off all of his clothes, bend his body over his bed so I can see his perfect naked ass and then I want to stick my-"
"DRAX!" Peter exclaimed loudly, both he and Gamora with wide eyes. "Drax! Please we get-"
"Yes." Drax nodded in agreement, glad he finally seemed to understand. "You would definitely b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Drax the Destroyer/Peter Quill

freeform: 
Kink Meme
Dirty Talk
Oblivious Drax

fandom: 
Drax the Destroyer/Peter Quill

