Work Text:
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”—Winston Churchill
…
It’s not really a secret that Bucky Barnes thinks Steve Rogers is adorable. At least, not at this point. Though apparently, Bucky was pretty opaque, even when he was trying to keep it a secret, but that’s all water under the bridge now that the two of them are together. The only person who ever seems surprised at it now is Steve himself, who gets all red and flustered, which just sort of emphasizes the adorability of Bucky’s pint-sized boyfriend.Boyfriend.It still feels novel, but it also feels good.“C’mon,” Bucky begs, laying half-naked in bed with Steve while they listen to some podcast that Steve can’t miss, can never miss, even when they could be making out.“Shut up Bucky, Ira’s narrating this story and—“Bucky groans and falls back on his pillow because his boyfriend is a complete dweeb. Boyfriend. Steve Rogers is Bucky Barnes’s boyfriend and the thought of it is enough to make Bucky lean over and press his lips to Steve’s bare shoulder. Steve shudders beneath him, closes his eyes and bites down on his lip. Bucky nips the skin there, careful not to do it too hard (there was the whole incident with the Thanksgiving Hickey and Sarah Rogers Realizing At Once What It Was And Well At Least You Boys Figured It Out I Was Getting Worried There That You’d Never Get Over Yourselves, which was so embarrassing that Bucky thought he would’ve died right there had it not been for how happy he was).“Bucky, stop it, I want to listen—““I’ll stop if you’ll be my date for the Sigma Pi formal.”Steve glares as Bucky licks a stripe across Steve’s shoulder. Steve squirms in a way that Bucky knows isn’t bad. He flicks Bucky’s ear with his fingers. “Fine,” Steve says, huffy but blushing. “But I get to choose what I wear.”“Like you’d let me dress you up.”“Shut up Bucky; I’m listening.”Bucky lets himself make a small, contented noise as he snuggles against Steve’s chest. He’s almost able to pay attention while Ira Glass intones about things that happen to average Americans (or at least average if you’re kind of bougie, not that he’d tell Steve that). He rubs his thumb against Steve’s side and shuts his eyes, thinking that if he never moves again, it would be too soon.(Of course, he does move again. Because as soon as This American Life is over, Steve pulls himself on top of Bucky and trails kisses up and down his neck and jaw until it’s almost too much. They’ve been together for two weeks, only two weeks, but Bucky wasn’t sure he could ever feel so happy.)
…
See, the thing is, Bucky is sure that it can’t last.Some day in the future, Steve’ll figure out that Bucky’s not who he thinks he is. Because Steve looks up at him with his blue eyes like Bucky’s some kind of perfect, which is such a goddamn lie. Even after Bucky Fucks Up Royally, Gets Drunk And Nearly Gets Them Killed By Brock Rumlow (which is much, much different than Steve Runs In To Protect Some Poor Kid And Nearly Gets Them Killed By Brock Rumlow because Steve had a good reason whereas Bucky was just being self-destructive) Steve just forgave him. Probably thought it was some kinda anomaly, that Bucky hasn’t been lashing out at the people he cares about for his entire fucking life.But he has. It’s part of Bucky’s DNA, at this point. And it’s just a matter of time until Steve figures that out and Bucky’s alone again.
…
“You convinced him yet?” Monty asks the next day.They’re studying in the lounge together, on comfortable leather chairs next to an oak table. December may mean hot chocolate and Sigma Pi’s formal, but it also means that finals are looming on the near horizon. Monty—who would probably prefer it if Bucky called him Falsworth like Dum Dum does, but he never went to British boarding school like Monty did and Bucky’s never been a last names kinda guy—has it especially rough this semester. He’s doing a senior honors thesis for his archaeology major and it’s due next Friday, coincidentally the day before the formal. It’s kinda sweet that he remembers that Bucky was having trouble convincing Steve to go at all, given the stress he’s under. “Mm-hmm,” Bucky says, flipping the page of his history textbook. “Took some convincin’ but he says he’ll go.”“Very good. Rogers seems like a nice chap.”“I like him,” Bucky says, smiling down at his textbook before remembering that he’s reading about the atrocities committed by American tire companies in Africa over rubber.Monty chuckles. “I think that’s a given. You’ve been mooning over the lad for months.”“Yeah, well.”
…
And it’s not just that Bucky is kinda nuts, he just happens to be pretty inexperienced with all this stuff, too.They haven’t gone too far; he and Steve’re taking it slow, which probably more of a relief to Bucky than Steve, all things considered since Steve’s told him about giving sloppy hand jobs to Miles Morales underneath the high school bleachers and starting his school’s LGBTQIA+ society. Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
College
University
College AU
University AU
Alternate Universe
Frat Boy!Bucky
Punk!Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Cheesy Winter Formals
Steve Rogers Is A Big Fan Of This American Life
surprising no one
Bucky Barnes Attempts A Drunken Lindy Hop
Also A Little Smut
but not too much
(sorry)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

