Work Text:
Things had been going to hell  before  the crazy people in green dusters showed up. They had finally picked up a signal from the scepter, which apparently had been missing since  2015  - fuck you very much for your inability to communicate anything of importance, Fury - and so here they were, in the middle of nowhere, working together for the first time since The Big Reveal.Steve called out instructions to them and Tony had to grit his teeth against saying something scathing. Okay, maybe the reason Fury hadn’t called them in on the scepter sooner was because of the gaping, bleeding tear in the fabric of their team. “Winter Soldier, do you have eyes on the enhanced? He’s fast,” Steve barked.Tony shot a missile at one of the bunkers that ended in what some might call an overzealous explosion. The only reason he was even here was that he didn’t trust his old team to deal with alien tech properly. He hadn’t seen any of them except Clint and Bruce in almost a year and it was much more difficult to keep his temper in check than he’d thought it would be. And Bruce wasn't even there, he'd gone AWOL somewhere in South America a few months ago.“Just blurs. He’s a damn roadrunner.”There was a gasp over the line and then Natasha said, voice strained, “I’m hit.”“On my way,” Clint said. “You need me to circle back, Hawkeye?” Tony asked, breaking the silence he’d been keeping over the comms up until that point.“Nah, Iron Man, you’re good. Just get to that scepter.” It was an unspoken agreement that Steve and Tony didn’t interact directly unless absolutely necessary. Nobody wanted a repeat of the last time they’d spoken. It had involved them screaming horrible, awful things at each other, a stay in the hospital for Tony and, eventually, the loss of Iron Man from the team. He’d grudgingly allowed them to stay at the compound (for a hefty monthly fee from SHIELD) but they no longer enjoyed the perks of having a billionaire funding their exploits.Fury had tried to calm him down and ended up dangled off the side of Stark tower (Tony had done a thorough job of decimating any indication the Avengers had once been there) by an empty Legion suit. “Right now you still have Iron Man’s cooperation in the face of global emergencies. But I know you knew, Fury. Keep your people away from me or you won't find me so cooperative in the future. Got it?”Other than terse conversations about threats to humanity nobody from SHIELD had bothered him since. Well, until now, when they’d found the scepter much later than they would have with his help and asked for him to back up the Avengers.He blasted his way through the walls of the old fort, taking down the soldiers there with ease. Two suits piloted by JARVIS flanked him, the other three he’d brought with him headed towards the village nearby to protect civilians from the battle.Once the enemies were all down he retracted the suit and stepped out into the cold air. “Sentry mode,” he said before moving forward. He could see the scepter now, glowing brightly on a dingy table across the room. He took three steps towards it, mesmerized by the way the light played across the gem set into the end. How had he not noticed how beautiful it was when Loki attacked New York? Tony was supposed to turn it into the World Security Council. But, really, should he trust them with it again? Shouldn’t he take it back with him, discover its secrets, use its power against what he knew was coming?“Tony?” He blinked down at the scepter which was somehow right in front of him now, his hand inches from the handle. The Avengers were standing in the doorway, Natasha leaning up against Clint, a bandage wrapped around her thigh and another around her torso.Tony glared at Steve, annoyance at being interrupted flaring into rage. “I’m taking this with me,” he said, voice sounding too detached for how angry he was. A thought formed at the back of his mind, a small bout of anxiety that insisted something was wrong, but it was quickly drowned out by logic. Tony was simply the best person to take the scepter.They all exchanged looks and of course, they were conspiring against him. He was the odd one out, the annoyance, he’d been useful for his money and his brain but in the end, he wasn’t one of them. Someone to be lied to, someone to be used, someone to be ignored. He would take up the scepter and he would show them what it meant to underestimate Tony Stark.“Tony, come on, it’s got ahold of you, man. You know what that thing does.” Clint stepped forward after handing Natasha off to Sam. “Why don’t you come over here, huh?”Tony’s eyes narrowed. “Don’t pretend like you care about me. You chose  him.  Even after what he did, you all chose him!”Clint took a step back and his eyes went wide. “What? You know that’s not true, Tony, we talked about this, you wanted to go solo and SHIELD has too much power over me -”Tony was shaking his head, though. It was suddenly all so clear. He just needed to pick up the scepter and he would
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter & Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Finds Out About Bucky Early
This changes the timeline
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Tony is no longer an avenger
One shot that might become more
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Overzealous prophets
Harry Potter timeline has been moved up

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter & Ron Weasley

