Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If someone had told him that seven years ago, Tony Stark would be standing in front of a sink washing a bunch of dishes and humming happily while he did it, he probably would've had that person committed. Yet here he was, billion dollar watch carefully set on the counter, hands plunged deep into hot, sudsy water. He scrubbed the last of the plates, rinsed them off, and set them aside to dry. Then he dried his own hands off and hung the cloth back on the stove, shooting a rueful look at the dishwasher. He really needed to get into town to pick up that part."All done?" came the soft query behind him, shortly before warm arms wrapped around Tony's waist and drew him back against a tall, solid body. Tony melted into the embrace, letting his head loll backwards until he could see the pair of sparkling green eyes looking down at him."Yup. Finally. What a thankless job," Tony sighed, pouting for extra effort.Loki gave a slow, wicked smirk that never failed to make Tony's knees a little weak and said, "I could thank you... you know, if you really wanted."Tony pretended to think about it for all of five minutes before grinning. "I could probably be persuaded," he said, turning around within the circle of Loki's arms. He leaned up and gave his husband a gentle kiss, sliding his own arms around Loki's neck to give himself better leverage. He squealed when Loki suddenly bent and slid an arm under his legs, effortlessly scooping him up. Loki just laughed and turned, fully intending to carry Tony into the bedroom, but stopped. Tony glanced up at him in confusion, then followed Loki's gaze out the window. His own smile slowly faded as he took in the truck that was approaching the cabin. It didn't belong to anyone that Tony was familiar with - and his heart sank straight through the floor when the truck parked and a couple of very familiar people got out. "Do you want me to get rid of them?" Loki asked, any sign of mirth now gone. His face was shuttered and cold; if Tony gave the word, he would lay waste to the three intruders until there was nothing left. It was a much more tempting offer than it should have been. Regretfully, Tony shook his head. "No. If those three don't come back, they'll just keep sending more people. And while I know you'd happily keep at it, I really don't want to keep being disturbed." It was bad enough that it was happening now. What the hell did Rogers and Romanov want after five years of complete radio silence? Part of him dreaded finding out, but Tony was almost positive that they weren't here for Loki. No. They were here for him."Should I come with you?" Loki said, setting Tony down."Not yet," Tony said after a moment's thought. "I want to see what they want first. No sense in showing our whole hand right away." He grabbed his watch off the counter and slid it on. It still functioned as a glove when need be, but the improved nanobots were far superior. He kissed Loki one more time and then walked over to the door to the kitchen.There, he paused a moment to mentally prep himself for what was no doubt going to be a very painstaking and difficult conversation. There was zero doubt in Tony's mind that Rogers and Romanov had to want something. Neither one of them had ever bothered to follow up with him once he'd told them what had happened in space. It was like once Tony ceased to be useful to them, he ceased to matter. So, if they were here now, that meant there was some way for Tony to be useful. Just the thought of it all made his head start to ache. Last time he'd been useful to them, he had nearly died. He'd been left a battered, broken, changed man. It had ended his relationship with Pepper. He tightened his right hand into a fist and drew his shoulders up, tipping his chin up proudly. It had been a while since he'd had to pull that old genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist mask into place, and he wasn't wearing a three-piece tailored suit... but the mask still settled over him comfortably in spite of his torn jeans and stained button-up shirt. Wearing a blank expression, Tony opened the door and stepped out onto the porch."Tony!" Rogers said, stopping short at the sight of him. The years had been good to him. Rogers still looked as young as the day Tony had departed from the Compound. He had gotten rid of his beard, which had always had the effect of making him look younger, and his hair was styled a little differently, but those were the only changes that Tony could pick out."Good afternoon," Tony said curtly, glancing next at Romanov. The very first thing he noticed was that she was growing her hair out. It hung around her shoulders, natural red at the top to her chin where the strands changed to blond. The effect didn't look bad, but it definitely stole attention to her, and it made him wonder if she had, however temporarily, given up the spy game. Without Fury, SHIELD had quietly crumbled from within. So far as Tony knew, and his reach extended pretty fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Loki (Marvel) Lives
Tony Stark is happily married
just not to Pepper
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Tony Stark gets along with magic
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Gets a Hug
discussions of time travel
Time Travel
set during the endgame movie
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
team civil war iron man
still salty as the ocean over here
Shapeshifting
Loki (Marvel) can shapeshift
Tony Stark Has A Heart
tony stark has moved on
steve rogers has not moved on
neither has natasha romanov
Implied Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers - Freeform
team cap does not want to work with loki
unfortunately tony doesn't give them a choice
time travel is dangerous
Loki (Marvel) Redemption
Domestic Tony Stark
domestic loki (marvel)
Tags May Change

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

