Chapter 1: One (Peter)
    


Notes:
Please readIt's been over 1,5 years since I published this story and four months since I completed the series, and yet, there's still people discovering this for the first time. Therefore, I decided to update these notes. If you clicked on this story and haven't properly read the tags, please do it now. Only proceed if you read them carefully and are still interested. The general idea about the heist, as well as the whole hostage situation, is based on the Netflix TV show “Money Heist” (Original title: “La casa de papel”), but the rest of the story comes from me. Please only read this story if you don't care that the Avengers, especially Tony, are the bad guys for once. If you think that it can't possibly be so bad: Yes, it can. If you read this, you will be disgusted. You will shocked. You will cringe. You might have to skip certain scenes or chapters. You might even have to take a break or stop reading altogether. You will wonder why I wrote something as dark as this. You might think that I've got to be a bad person to come up with something like that. Well, spoilers for you: I'm not a bad person. I'm a very good person who likes to read and write really dark stuff. Why? There's no "proper" reason for it, I guess, but some of it is explained in these comments and in my notes of part 2/chapter 4.If you're still here: Buckle up and "enjoy". After all the torture porn in this part and half of part 2, the story will actually get very twisted and psychological challenging. I put these characters through a lot, so obviously, some of them will go through changes that might (or might not) surprise you. Long story short, if you manage to go through with this series and if you like whump, then I'm almost sure you won't be disappointed. At least, if I can trust all those lovely comments I got while writing this and even long after finishing it. Thank you for reading my TED talk (if you have)!One last "warning": When I started writing this, my English wasn't as "good" as it is now and I didn't have a beta until the second half of part 2.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Day One.
For the rest of his life, Peter will always deeply regret complaining about the class trip being boring. Just like he regrets barely talking to Aunt May in the morning, too focused on scrolling through his pointless Instagram feed to listen to her. Instead he was deeply invested in liking pictures of pets, boring selfies, and promo pics for the next Star Wars movie.Now that Peter is scared for his life, he wonders why he didn’t take the time to tell May how much he loved her. He didn't even kiss or hug her goodbye... He just left, expecting to return to her after school like every other day before that. Seems like neither the deaths of both his parents, nor the brutal murder of Uncle Ben managed to teach him anything about living every day as if it was his last.Thinking back, the class trip wasn't even that boring. Sure, there are more exciting things than walking around a museum looking at old bank notes and ancient printing machines, but Peter would rather do this for the rest of the school year than being held hostage at the mercy of armed, masked bank robbers. He has no idea how the robbers managed to overpower the security guards and outsmart both the alarm system and the detectors scanning visitors and their belongings for metal objects, but somehow, they did it.At 11 o’clock sharp, an explosion in the adjacent main building of the American Bank Note Printing Plant made everyone inside the museum jump. Only seconds later, three armed men in blue jumpsuits, hoods, and carnival masks stormed in, commanding the visitors and staff to raise their hands, drop their bags, and hand over their phones before ordering them to hurry over to the ‘bank’, as they called it. Shortly after Peter, his class and a dozen other visitors of the museum had arrived in the main hall, more and more people – hostages - joined them.All of this happened fifteen minutes ago. Now, Peter’s kneeling on the cold floor, trembling, clutching the back of his head with his hands. Most girls and women he can see are sobbing, including MJ, who usually manages to stay calm even in hairy situations. Peter can’t blame them, though. He’s on the verge of tears himself, and as he glances over to Ned, he realizes he’s not the only one.Suddenly, deafening gunfire echoes through the hall, causing everyone to scream in fear. MJ, having forgotten all about keeping her hands up, clings to Peter in sheer panic. The boy instinctively wraps his arms around his girlfriend protectively, failing at holding back his own tears any longer.“SILENCE!” A voice roars through the hall. The hostages flinch in fear, and some even scream again. Forcing himself to look up, Peter sees a man standing on top of the stairs leading to the upper floor, holding a big automatic rifle. Is he the one who was shooting?“Excel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Kidnapping
Heist
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Torture
Psychological Torture
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Has Issues
Hurt Peter Parker
Sexual Violence
Poor Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Humiliation
Mind Rape
Knifeplay
Forced Orgasm
Overstimulation
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Public Humiliation
Field Trip
Spitroasting
This eventually gets a plot

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

