Work Text:
Fandom: X-Men First ClassPairing: Erik/CharlesRating: NC-17Summary: It starts one morning when, walking down a hallway during a lull between lessons, Erik comments casually to Charles, "Don't forget to train yourself too."Warning: mention of non-con fantasyDisclaimer: I don't own the characters mentioned herein; they’re based on the movie "X-Men First Class" (2011), which in turn has been adapted from the Marvel comic series. 
given back, but not to keep
It starts one morning when, walking down a hallway during a lull between lessons, Erik comments casually to Charles, "Don't forget to train yourself too."Charles nods. "I shan't. Though it’s quite rewarding to use my abilities to help other mutants. To share the experience of what that they can do...”Maybe it’s the angle from which Erik is looking down at his friend, or the tiniest twitch in that guileless expression, or the unthinking, dismissive confidence in Charles’ voice, but Erik’s semi-wandering thoughts suddenly remember said voice on another night promising, I can make you stay. But I won't.Erik has never really thought about what those words could mean. Charles is so... aggressively earnest, dark curls and wide blue eyes exuding warmth and trustworthiness in every moment. Even Erik believes the guise. It's been a matter of survival for him to sniff out deception; he's met every flavor of it, has seen the cruelest forms of human creativity, moved among the lowest ranks of scum.And that's what makes him wonder. Because Charles has been in his head, I know everything about you, and he's never looked at Erik any differently. Charles has lived an easy life, and yet none of the darkness in Erik's head seems to faze him. It might be the mark of arrogance, which Charles is not immune from, but it's so different from the kind Erik is used to that it'd confused him at first and fascinates him now. So, Erik believes, because stronger than anything, inexplicable and occasionally infuriating, is Charles’ compassion. For everyone, humans and mutants alike, and Erik wants to resent him for having had the luxury to develop it, but mostly he can’t help wonder how someone can be that fucking self-assured...It hits him. Raven is wrong, after all: Charles is hiding, just like the rest of them. Just a harmless, pampered young man, nose buried in books, nothing to see here.A harmless telepath.“... A pity we couldn't take Cerebro with us, or I'd be training there. But Hank is cobbling plans out of what he remembers from the CIA prototype. You’re not listening to me anymore, are you?”Erik raises an eyebrow - he’s not an amateur. "We've seen your reach and stamina on Cerebro, but do you actually know the extent of your abilities?"The look in Charles' eyes definitely grows more intent, and he gazes at Erik searchingly. "What's on your mind, my friend?"Erik refrains from the instinctive response of can't you tell?, because it's childish when Charles made a point at the start of promising to not read their minds without permission. Or do his best not to, anyway. He simply gives Charles a curious look. "I can throw things around, twist and melt and reform metal, function like a giant magnet,” he says quietly. "But those are just party tricks." He meets that intense gaze with his own. "Has anyone ever looked at you, my friend, and realized just how much you can do?"Those blue eyes flick away. After a long moment, Charles admits, "No. I suspect even Raven doesn't think about it.""To be fair, you don't look all that dangerous."Charles' lips quirk up at the corners. "General human fear response aside, telepathy appears fairly innocuous next to what Alex or Sean can do. The... additional applications of my ability, not to mention my strength, usually don't occur to the few people who know about it."But of course it would occur to Erik, his tone implies. Erik nods, to both spoken and unspoken. He's long accepted that he's a weapon. For a lifetime, he'd believed that that's all he was.And then came Charles.Looking at Charles now, he realizes another difference between them: Charles will never see himself as merely a weapon, and by extension, will never truly embrace that his fellow mutants are weapons too.On the one hand, this is an obvious weakness, and this will likely get Charles hurt; he'll always be weaker, always be less ruthless than the other side.On the other, Erik remembers a bullet he couldn't yet touch taking out the only light in the world. Followed by weeks and months of pain, observation, experimentation. Nights alone in his cell, jeered at by guards who hated and feared him, half-crushed by the knowledge that while he could escape, biding his time would make him sharper, stronger. There can be no bigger contrast, he thinks, than the Westchester mansion and its open, sprawling grounds.He's never known that it's possible to feel love and hate and fear and admiration all at once, for one person. He has no idea what to do with it. He ends up blurting, "If you n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Telepathy
Mind Control
Community: kink_bingo
Trust

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

