Work Text:
It’s too hot out to be alive, is what it is, and even though they’ve got the air cranked up and the windows shut and the blinds drawn, Bucky still thinks he’s going to lose his God damn mind trying not to burst into flame here. It’s what they get for moving back to New York with their hearts in their eyes, somehow having completely forgotten about the still heat of the summer.“Don’t we have a fan somewhere?”
“No batteries.”“But I think it’s melting,” Bucky says morosely, holding up his left arm. Steve, on the floor, cracks an eye open judgmentally and then shuts it again. Bucky drops his arm and figures that maybe he shouldn’t complain, because all things considered, life is fine today — Steve likes this weather, and in all honesty Bucky would rather burn a hundred times over than freeze to death once. And then, because Stevie’s right there, Bucky looks down at him from his place up on the couch. His baby’s all splayed out on his back, his eyes closed, a little damp and pink around the edges, sweet-looking; overheated. It’s too hot for too many clothes and Steve’s wearing a tank and those tiny girl’s shorts Bucky likes so much — not girl’s shorts, Steve has corrected, boxer briefs, it’s what fellas wear — but hell, in Bucky’s opinion they’re eensy and tight enough to be panties, and he’ll call them what he likes. And then Bucky gets distracted by the stretch Steve makes, the strong big muscles in his thighs bunching up and releasing. Lazily he gives a little yawn that does stupid things to Bucky’s chest. “I’m gonna make some lemonade,” Steve decides, but doesn’t move. “Later,” Bucky advises, and then: “Hey, get up here.” Steve chuckles. “I’m not moving. Don’t you know that heat rises, Barnes? What, you never take a science class?”
Bucky huffs.“You get down here,” Steve says. “You sayin’ I’m dumb?” Bucky asks, kicking a foot out. Steve bats it away.“Dumber than the day is long,” Steve agrees, grinning hugely, and Bucky tucks and rolls lightning-fast off the couch. Steve makes a grab for Bucky’s wrists but Bucky rolls them again, dangerously close to the TV. The corner of Bucky’s brain that hasn’t shut up since he shipped out in 1943 tells him that tactically it’s a shit move, but he ignores that in favor of tangling his legs with Steve’s. Their damp skin touches almost everywhere and Steve’s shirt rides up. He’s laughing to himself, loving it, his eyes bright when he lets Bucky trap his wrists and pin them by his head. Bucky thinks about tickling him, and biting him, and nosing at the tender skin inside his thighs. There’s a hot flush on Steve’s cheeks, and it’s climbing steadily on down his neck. His eyes are wicked when he says, “What, you want some?” “Hell yes, I want some,” Bucky murmurs. He tilts his head down, some hair escaping from where he’s got it tied back, and gets real close to Steve’s pretty little lips, enjoying that they’ve got all the time in the world today, and that he can do or not do whatever he likes. So with this in mind he shifts, pinning both Steve’s wrists in his metal hand. Steve chuckles at him when Bucky rubs the palm of his right hand between them over the exposed strip of Steve’s belly, wanting to feel the damp heat of the skin there. Bucky lets up a little to look down at the picture underneath him, catching his thumb in Steve’s belly button. “God bless the USA,” he mumbles, and Steve makes an undignified snorting sound, shaking his head at him. “Damn, baby, I fucking love these,” Bucky continues needlessly, snapping the band of Steve’s underwear. Steve’s skin is already warm and pink from the still heat in the apartment, but he turns a little darker when he feels Bucky looking down at him. They’re tight enough Bucky can see the exact outline of Steve’s dick as he chubs up. Bucky bets that if Steve got hard all the way his cock would peek out the top of the waistband, just the sweet red tip of it, and isn’t that a thought. Bucky lets Steve’s wrists go and slides down his body, shoving up his tank. He sinks his teeth in gently just under Steve’s belly button where the skin is thin and veined and especially pale, sucking a little. Steve makes a little huffing sound and tilts his hips invitingly. But because Bucky’s a bastard, and because Steve’s sweat tastes good and salty and honest he keeps at it, pulling the blood up to the surface for a few seconds at a time, leaving behind tiny red patches that fade way too quickly for his taste.“Hey,” Bucky chuckles. Sure enough, the head of Steve’s dick is just barely visible over his waistband. “Would you look at that.” Steve raises an eyebrow to where Bucky’s cock is making a break from his own boxers, which Bucky categorically ignores. Instead he hooks his thumbs in Steve’s tiny shorts and starts tugging them off. “It’s a crying shame that I’ve got to get rid of these,” he sighs when they’re gone and all that’s left in front of him is miles of Steve’s body, still Irish pale even with the enhancements.“Yeah,” agrees Steve, pus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Bottom Steve Rogers
Endearments
gross best friends in love
Multiple Orgasms

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

