Work Text:
Danny barely had any warning at all this time. Just an electric tingle that ran down his spine seconds before he was pulled by his feet to destinations unknown. He barely had time to grab the towel he’d hung over the shower rod (for just this reason) and wrap it around his naked waist before the white walls of his shower disappeared and were replaced by what appeared to be the coldest, draftiest warehouse in existence.
Danny stood there stupidly clutching a towel to protect his modesty, and stared at the bubbling cauldron that was about five feet in front of him. To the left of the cauldron was a group of crazy people wearing matching uniforms. Crazy in that they’d attempted this so many times and still hadn’t gotten a clue that it wasn’t working. Also they were terrorists. To the right there was the group of people Danny had come to expect during these encounters.
“Hey Tony.” Danny said to the superhero who was currently tied up like a pig.
“Is that shampoo in your hair?” Iron Man asked.
“I was in the middle of a shower!” Danny defended. “I have to clean myself at some point you know!”
“We get that.” Captain America said, from his position chained to the wall. “And we’re sorry we weren’t here in time to stop this one.”
“Not your fault.” Danny sighed. “Although I do wish these creeps would get the message that this summoning magic they’re doing is totally bunk.”
“Impossible! We checked the tomes! We researched every possible iteration of the spell!” One of the creeps yelled. “Where is King Phantom?”
“Couldn’t possibly tell you.” Danny lied. “This is the 10th time you’ve tried this guys, maybe just give it up? Clearly whoever you’re trying to contact is…ghosting you.”
Three of the Avengers groaned at the pun while the Hydra goons began to argue between themselves about how the magic had failed again. The first time this had happened Danny had been freaked out and terrified by his forced magical summoning to a well defended Hydra base. Even more so when the magic around the summoning circle had kept him trapped until the Avengers had burst in and rescued him.
Each time after that had been less and less exciting. In fact, if Danny were to graph the amount of excitement he felt each time Hydra tried this, it would be rapidly approaching zero.
So far as Danny could tell, Hydra was trying to summon the King of the Ghosts and force him into slavery. Danny was incredibly lucky that these goons had managed to only summon him when he was in human form. He looked over at the heroes again and frowned.
“Where’s Thor?” He demanded. “He’s the only one who knows how to send me back!”
Thor, being a god who’d grown up surrounded by magic, knew enough of it to use a summoning circle. The god of thunder had sent Danny home using the unbroken summoning circle 9 times now and Danny was a bit upset he wasn’t here. How else was he going to get home? He refused to fly in nothing but a towel!
“Thor went to Asgard to get help, we need to figure out how to stop you from getting summoned kid.” Hawkeye said. “We didn’t think they’d try again so soon.”
“So, I’m stuck here? Naked?”
“You’ve got a towel at least.” Hawkeye comforted.
“I can’t miss class tomorrow.” Danny whined.
“Speaking of class, how did you do on your Algebra 2 exam?” Tony asked. “Did my tips help at all?”
“They did!” Danny said brightening. “I got a B+!”
“Hey! Congrats. Next time we’re going to get you an A.” Tony decided, still lying flat on his chest with his wrists tied to his ankles behind him.
“You think?”
“SILENCE!” The leader of the goons shouted. “You insolent little worm! You will tell us what you know!”
“I don’t know anything! Except Algebra, sort of.”
“This ritual should have summoned the King of all Ghosts! But every time we use it, you stand in our way! Tell us why or I will kill them.”
“Woah! Dude!” Danny said, lifting up the hand that wasn’t currently holding the ends of his towel to his waist. “Chill out!”
“No. You will tell me why the ritual failed, or I will shoot Stark in the head.” The guy, dressed all in black with a weird multi-headed creature painted on the arm, backed up his threat by cocking a large gun and pointing it right at Tony’s head. Danny sucked in a breath.
What did he do? What could he do? The magic of the summoning locked his powers away as long as he was inside the circle and so he was of no help to Tony. But could he tell the truth? That the ritual worked, and that it had worked every single time? They’d just had the worst timing of all never managing to snag him when he was a ghost? No. No he couldn’t say that.
His mind flashed terrifyingly towards what would happen if Hydra got their hands on him as Phantom. Would they put him under mind control? Who would he kill? What would he take? What would he destroy? It couldn’t happen. It couldn’t! Fear gripped his heart like a fist and his breath stuttered out of his chest. He froze, just as much as if he’d been hit by a bolt of ice, he couldn’t.
The choice was torn away from him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Danny is king of the Ghost Zone
Magic Summoning
secret identity shenanigans
Hydra has plans
Not great plans
But still! Plans
Humor
slight crack
Ectober Week 2019 (Danny Phantom)
Pariah Dark - Freeform

fandom: 
None
