Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“Hey Bruce?”

The engineer’s soft voice drew Bruce from his thoughts, and he briefly peered up from the lines of blue text that enveloped the area in front of him, humming in question. Tony gnawed at his lip in thought, arms crossed and eyebrows creased as he looked down at the sleek floor below him. Noting the lack of a response, Bruce turned to look at his friend, eyebrows furrowing at his expression. 

“What’s wrong, Tones?”

Air escaping his lips, the billionaire dropped his hands to his sides, one hand falling limply on the workbench in front of him. 

“What...” Tony began, hesitating as restive words danced on his tongue. “What if this isn’t enough?”

“What do you mean?” Bruce asked, scanning Tony’s expression worriedly. “We’re creating an AI more advanced than anything we’ve dreamed about making. I don’t think there’s much more we can do.” He chuckled, though his laughter faded once he realized Tony wasn’t intending to reciprocate.

“I know,” Tony muttered, sighing, “but what if it’s still not enough? What I saw up there, Bruce, it was...”

“Tony…” Bruce exhaled softly, expression softening. “I get it. I really, really do, but you can’t let your anxiety consume you. There’s always gonna be what-ifs, and sometimes we need to accept that not everything is under our control.”

“Not being in control is not exactly what I do,” Tony retorted with a small smirk. “I’m an engineer, Bruce, not an anarchist.”

“Tony,” the scientist said, exasperated. Tony waved him off.

“Yeah, I know. Acknowledging my feelings is important, humor is a bad coping mechanism, et cetera, et cetera.” 

The billionaire walked over to the large, glass wall situated at the front of the lab, looking over the rest of the intertwining hallways of the facility. He stuffed his hands in his pockets and let out a breath, rocking back and forth on his feet absentmindedly.

“I know you don’t want to talk about it, and you don’t have to if you don’t want,” Bruce hesitantly started after a brief pause, “but what exactly did you see up there?”

Tony’s posture straightened ever-so-slightly, his tension restrained but noticeable. 

"Something bigger than this,” he eventually said. “Bigger than us.”

Bruce stared at Tony, unable to think of any response to his words. He simply watched as the man continued to rock on his feet with a small frown. He wished he could help - he truly did - but he just didn’t know how. 

When his friend had approached him about the idea of Ultron, all he saw was a man trapped by his own mind - a state he knew all too well. The only reason Bruce had agreed to help him was because he knew the billionaire was stubborn, and this was going to be the only way that he would be relieved of some of his anxiety. He couldn’t stand seeing the haunted look in Tony’s eyes whenever New York was mentioned, so he really had no choice but to agree. 

But it wasn’t going to make everything better, though, and he knew that. By the way Tony was acting now, it might be safe to assume that it was making it worse, and that hurt Bruce. All he wanted was his friend to feel safe.

Tony turned back to Bruce, sensing the discomfort in his silence, and the scientist attempted to conceal his worry in a feeble effort to minimize the billionaire’s distress. He opened his mouth to say something, but then paused, his expression crinkling into initially one of confusion, then realization. His eyes widened and he looked Bruce in the eyes, brown orbs sparkling with the gleam he always bore when he’d figured out something substantial. Bruce quickly became more alert, curious as to what the man might say next.

“Size doesn’t matter.”

Bruce blinked. He paused, and held back a snort. Tony cleared his throat, a red flush creeping up the back of his neck.

“That…didn’t come out right,” the billionaire muttered, pausing briefly to gather his thoughts. “I meant to say that it doesn’t matter how strong he is, or even how strong we are. None of it matters.”

“I’m not exactly following,” Bruce said sheepishly.

“You said we don’t have control of the situation, right?” Tony crossed an arm across his chest and gestured to him with the other, gears turning in his head.

“I mean, not necessarily,” the scientist hesitantly spoke. “I meant it more as advice so you didn’t - “

“Right, but,” Tony cut him off, “we can have control. We don’t need to worry about what happens because we can go back.” 

Looking back at the holographic lines of code in front of them, the billionaire scanned them over, the soft blue light reflecting something fiery and alive in his eyes. “We’re essentially making a brain right now, right? A fully functional, fully emotive artificial human brain. So, it’s safe to say we can equivocate parts of the brain to code and in theory they would be the exact same thing.”

“Yeah,” Bruce responded with a curt nod.

“So,” Tony continued, lingering on the ‘o’ for a few moments, “copying a real brain and converting it to data
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Everyone
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Thor & Avengers Team
Thor & Loki
Bruce Banner & Thor

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Canon Related
Peter Parker travels back in time
Tony's a smart boi
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Canon Temporary Character Death
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Humor
Everyone Needs A Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Thanos Sucks
The Avengers (2012) Spoilers
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
just spoilers in general
don't read if you're not caught up lol
Civil War Fix-It
Avengers: Infinity War Fix-It
Avengers: Endgame Fix-It
Slow Burn
Clint is Peter's dad
change my mind
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Everyone
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Thor & Avengers Team
Thor & Loki
Bruce Banner & Thor

