Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Well this was inevitable someday. There are a lot of hot female mutants in the Marvel Universe. That's all you need to know about the reasoning behind this little mini-series of one shots. 

I would say this is the return of Super Smut Sundays but this is being posted on a Monday. 
Amara Juliana Olivians Aquilla, better known as Princess Amara of Nova-Roma, and also Magma of the X-Men sat on the poolside, spread out on a Lawn Chair. She closed her eyes, basking in the sun that came down from her body. Being one with the Earth, she enjoyed the rays that came basking down on her.The dark skinned beauty rested, and felt the nice sea breeze roll in. She had her top unclipped, her breasts pressed against the chair. Her body was covered by nothing but a black thong and she breathed heavily.What a last couple of weeks! She was just glad to escape the island and get some downtime because she needed it.Suddenly she could feel the cool application of suntan lotion on her back and she shivered."Hi, Amara," a voice whispered in her ear and she shivered, when those talented hands moved slowly down her body."Harry, what are you doing?" Amara asked, and she trembled underneath his grip, the powerful hands of the young man worked her over."Relaxing you, you look tense, you shouldn't be," Harry whispered in her ear and she wanted to look up, but she couldn't do so because her body was being treated by his magical hands. The dark skinned beauty whimpered underneath his touch."Oooh, that's so good," Amara moaned and his hands slowly skimmed her body, touching her taut cheeks and she once again breathed heavily. Harry had a way of touching all of her sensitive spots but not for long, rather he made her wait for more."I'm sure that's good, but you need to roll over," Harry told her and Amara smiled, turning over onto her back.She allowed her bra to slide down, to reveal her nice round breasts, topped with chocolate colored nipples. Her body was extremely tanned."I want to be tanned all over, Harry," she purred and Harry got the message once, tugging her thong bikini bottoms down, exposing her smooth and shaved center."Just relax," Harry said with a smile, and he could sense that she was extremely horny."I am relaxing," Amara panted and his right finger rubbed suntan lotion underneath her ear and then lathered it all over her collar bone.Harry's hands traveled closer towards her, stopping at her breasts. He cupped them, really rubbing them in."Oh god," Amara whimpered and Harry ran his hands over her breasts, channeling just a little bit of magic through them. It wasn't enough to overwhelm her, but it was enough to drive her wild.It was now that her mind registered that Harry was completely naked and it took every single fiber of her being not to jump him right now.It was hard not to do and Amara breathed with Harry's hands roaming her body a little bit, skimming over every single inch of her.'She's like putty in my hand,' Harry said, running his finger down her stomach and it was good that he had some self-control because he wanted to be inside her as well.Amara waited, he was getting closer but suddenly, he rubbed her inner thighs. He was closer, closer to her core but then he drew further away.Her chest inhaled, sparkling with suntan lotion when he continued to apply it."Harry, Harry, please," Amara begged him and she was going to erupt if she didn't have him in her soon."I don't know what you're talking about, I think we should rub it in, all of the way," Harry said, brushing his hair against her clit.Needless to say, that sparked a reaction from Amara, and she could feel her body heat up and it wasn't because of her powers. She could manipulate magma and there was something molten and hot pumping from her core.Harry's fingers skimmed up her, closer yet, even closer and suddenly, his fingers brushed against her dripping slit. The dark haired Princess closed her eyes."Are you okay?" Harry asked her."Deeper, please," Amara said, and she could feel her powers bubbling."Relax Amara, remember, you need to learn control," Harry said, taking his other hand and slapping her on her firm ass."Not….helping," Amara moaned and his finger was only halfway inside her and then it went a little bit more into her.She bit down on her lip extremely hard and Harry pulled out."HARRY!" she yelled, she was this close to losing her mind and her breath was driven completely out of her body."What?" Harry asked Amara and he bent down towards her.Suddenly, she wrapped her legs around him and tried to flip him over but that was the wrong move to do.Harry grabbed his shoulders and pinned her down on the lawn chair."Now, good things come to good girls, but you need to be patient," Harry said, slowly kissing down the side of Amara's face.'Oh god,' Amara thought to herself, funny because the women of Nova-Roma worshipped Harry as a god."You need to learn control," Harry said, kissing down the side of the neck.'This is torture,' Am
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Lemon

fandom: 
None
