Work Text:
“What the hell are you doing in my closet? Get out of there!”“We must speak Phantom.”“Didn’t Clockwork tell you guys to leave me the hell alone? Do I need to get a restraining order?”“We do not follow his orders!”Danny fell back as three ghosts floated out of his closet, like demented clowns coming out of a tiny car. The ghosts were essentially long cloaks attached to giant eye balls. He didn’t hate these ghosts because of their lack of fashion sense, although that didn’t help their cause, but more because they ordered his execution without so much of a ‘by your leave’ when he was 15 and Danny was the type to hold grudges. So were the Observants come to think of it. Clockwork had saved Danny, and his family, and the world, against the Observants’ wishes and they’d held it against Danny ever since.Needless to say they weren’t friends, not even at the annual ghost Christmas truce.Danny folded his arms over his chest. He was starting his 4th year of being half ghost and he had lost any and all patience for ghostly shenanigans in his bedroom.“You’ve got 60 seconds before I transform and make it clear why I don’t let people on my turf.”The Observant in the middle, the tallest one, was holding two very familiar artifacts. Danny hadn’t noticed at first because they’d been hidden by the sleeve of the ridiculous cloak the Observant was wearing. When the Observant floated forward and lifted up his hands, Danny hissed like a cat.“What the fu-”“Phantom. The strand of time has twisted and made the way forward clear.” Said the one in the middle.“You must ascend and accept your place.” Said the one to the left.“It is your destiny.” Said the one to the right.“I swear to Clockwork if you’ve let Pariah Dark out again I will beat your asses until your eyeballs pop.”“Pariah Dark sleeps on.” Righty promised.“We have retrieved these artifacts of power, to present them to you.” Lefty explained.“You shall be our new king.” Middle ordered.“Why the hell am I king?” Danny demanded.“You defeated Pariah Dark.” The annoying short one on the left said, as if Danny hadn’t been there.“You have never lost a battle. Not even against yourself.” The middle added, as if reminding Danny about the time they tried to kill him was going to warm him to their insane idea.“Time has spoken, you will lead all ghosts into a new age.” The right finished, as if anything the time stream said had ever been valid to Danny.“Yeah no thanks.” Danny said, letting the transformation from human to ghost take over his body. “Get those things out of my house and do not ever get into my closet again.”“We offer you ultimate power!” The middle shouted.“Not interested.”“The chance to lead!” The right argued.“Even worse!”“We will…leave you alone?” The left offered.“No tha- Now wait a minute, what did you just say?”“If you accept the position of king, the Observants will have no right to come to you or judge you. You will be above us. And we may only interact when you wish it.” Lefty said. “As it has been since the beginning of time.”“Now that, is an attractive offer.” Danny said, letting his glow die down some to show he wasn’t about to beat the three Observants up for interrupting him in the middle of getting ready for school. “What else you got?”“As King you can command spaces free of interference!” Righty said. “You could order Amity Park be left alone and your orders would be followed.”“No more ghost attacks in the middle of the night?” Danny mused. “Tempting, truly tempting.”In truth most ghosts who came to attack Amity were quasi-friends of Danny. Ghosts who had once been trying to kill him but now saw him as an annoying little brother that they could go to when they needed to let off some steam. There hadn’t been a real invasion for Amity in months and it had left Danny optimistic for his grades his senior year.“So do you accept our offer? Will you become King of all Ghosts?”“What’s the catch? Do I have to live in the Ghost Zone? Be in ghost form all the time? Will I lose my mind?” Danny asked, suddenly very suspicious. If things seemed too good to be true, they generally were.“No.” The middle one said shaking his head, or rather his giant eyeball. “You may be called upon by ghosts in times of true crisis.”“You will be the representative of all ghosts.” Righty explained.“And you will have the power that comes with it.” Lefty promised.“Yeah but why are you giving me that power? You hate me.”“I could never hate you, you are our future king.”“Cut the crap.”The three observants looked at each other, blinked a few times in that weird way they did, and then looked back at him.“Something is coming to destroy the balance between the realms of the living and the dead.”“We have foreseen a sundering of the boundaries between the two.”“Destruction, untold destruction.”“And we see you at the beginning, a dam against destruction.”“You shall keep the balance.”“You who stands between life and death.”“So you want me to be a body guard.” Danny finished, ignoring the weird 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
ghost king
Danny is a senior in highschool
He has senioritis
But like...with ghosts
Timelines
Coronations
objects of power
Danny is King of Ghosts
Ectober Week 2019 (Danny Phantom)
Humor

fandom: 
None
