Work Text:
“He’s still asleep?” Tony’s voice outside the door makes Steve grumble.  “I swear, reveille was an hour ago.”“No more reveille for us,” Bucky’s voice floats down the hall.  “It’s Sunday, Stark.  Day of rest.”“I thought super soldiers didn’t need rest.”“He never gets to sleep in.  I swear to God, if you wake him up, I will hurt you.” The whirr of the metal arm is barely audible and Steve presses his face into the pillow to stifle his laughter as he pictures Tony’s face.  He rolls himself out of bed and finds a discarded pair of sweats to pull on.  Closer inspection reveals they’re Bucky’s—he’d crawled into Steve’s bed last night after a nightmare, though now Steve can’t remember whose, and must’ve shucked them this morning while Steve was still sleeping—and they don’t make it all the way up his hips.  He wonders if he should be self-conscious about that.  Instead he enjoys a little thrill because he’s wearing Bucky’s pants and deep down he’s still thirteen years old and in love with his best friend and drawing as much fodder for his fantasies as he can without actually telling said best friend.He opens the door and barks out, “What do you want, Tony?”  Tony jumps and Bucky laughs.  He looks up and his laugh dies as he stares at Steve wearing his sweats, and Steve feels a little sheepish.  Maybe Bucky’s annoyed.  Bucky gives himself a little shake when he notices Steve’s questioning look.“We have a scandal to deal with,” Stark reports.  Bucky hands Steve a mug of coffee.  “Dealing with the Captain America exhibit at the Smithsonian.”“A scandal?” Steve asks with a raised eyebrow.  How much scandal could really happen at a museum?“Oh no.” Bucky’s voice is far too concerned not to raise Steve’s suspicions.  “Did someone switch the tape so everyone had to hear Steve singing in the shower?  Promise he wasn’t really skinning a cat.”Tony wrinkles his nose at the thought.  “Is that an old person expression?  It is truly horrifying.  Every day reveals a more disgusting trait of yours, Barnes.”Bucky grins around a mouthful of muffin and toasts Tony with his coffee.  “Glad to hear it.”“What’s the scandal?” Steve asks, reaching for the muffin Bucky’s holding.  “Gimme some of your muffin.”“Only a little,” Bucky orders even as he breaks it clean in half.  “I know how guys like you operate.  I give you an inch, you’ll take a mile.”“Dear Lord, do you two try to lace everything you say with innuendo or is it really that accidental?” Tony asks.  Bucky catches Steve’s eye before making his face go completely innocent.“Sorry, Stark,” he says sweetly.  “Must be our boner.”Tony chokes.  Steve and Bucky both keep their eyes wide and innocent.  “Are you okay?” Steve asks earnestly.  Tony’s muttering curse words and Bucky has to stuff another bite of muffin in his mouth to hide a laugh.  Moments like these make Steve’s stomach hurt with how nice it is to have Bucky back with him.“Anyway,” Tony shakes his head.  “Pepper says you’re going to have to make a statement.”“What happened?” Steve repeats.“There was an incident with the movie,” Tony says.“Whoa, I was just kidding,” Bucky laughs.  “Did someone really switch the tape?”“No, but some teenagers were caught in the room they play it in.  They were, ah, getting frisky, is that how you would term it in your day?”“Fresh,” Steve corrects.  “Getting fresh.  Why do I have to make a statement about that?”“Maybe they weren’t using condoms and you have to give your VD speech again,” Bucky suggests.  Tony’s eyes go wide.“Again?” He asks.“Captain America was real big on using rubbers during the war.” Bucky throws a smirk at Steve.  “Well, not personally, seeing as how he didn’t have occasion.”“Hey!” Steve reaches to steal the rest of the muffin in retaliation.  Bucky licks it and Steve steals it anyway.  “Oh, yeah, like that’s going to stop me.  Seriously, Buck?  We shared one spoon all of 1938.” They scuffle a little, both leaning into the other more than strictly necessary, and Bucky ends up taking a big bite out of the muffin while Steve’s still holding it and nips a little at Steve’s thumb in the process.“I swear, you a different person with him here,” Tony says, shaking his head.  “I’m pretty sure I’d never even heard you laugh before he showed up.”That, of course, kills some of the levity in Bucky’s face.  Steve knocks their shoulders together to keep that hang-dog expression out of Bucky’s eyes.“Seriously, why does anyone care what I have to say about kids having sex?”“Well, some conservative news anchors are saying they ‘disrespected and defiled’ your exhibit, I believe is the quote.”“Ah, jeez.” Bucky rolls his eyes.  “I did it in a church once and no one accused me of defiling anything.”“Catherine McGinty?” Steve guesses.  Bucky nods, wiggling his eyebrows.“She liked doing it in the confessional.”“Please stop telling me about your weird old person sex kinks,” Tony sighs loudly.  “The reason people are very upset is because it was two male teenagers getting fresh in your exhib
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
brief homophobic language
but not really
Bucky doesn't know modern political correctness
Tony tries not to like Bucky but fails
No one can not like Bucky
Accidental sexual innuendo
And then purposeful sexual innuendo

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

