Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Everything hurts.That’s not overly unusual, granted. Marc’s never hesitated to take a few hits when they’re necessary, or even when they're not, and he’s been in the business for a while. The days he aches are a hell of a lot more common than the days he doesn’t, but—This just feels worse than normal, that’s all.His breath bubbles in his lungs, tastes of copper and salt. Marc hisses out a breath that takes too much effort, curls. He’s not resting on the ground, but higher, and there’s something hard under his cheek, like metal, or maybe like bone. It’s blessedly warm, fighting off the chill that’s seeping in to replace the blood he’s losing, and Marc turns his face into warm metal and warmer cloth and feels like maybe, maybe, he can just go to sleep right here.Warmed bone brushes at his cheek, through a wide tear in his mask. “Still awake, my son?” Khonshu asks, familiar reverberation and strange, clicking edge. It’s a voice that’s wound so tightly against Marc’s bones that he can’t not hear it, even if his head is swimming.Khonshu is carrying him, he realized vaguely. Cradling him like a child, but even though Marc’s woken like this before, it’s not quite the same. Khonshu is moving, not sitting on his throne. There’s light spinning all around them, galaxies and worlds that Marc can see even behind his eyelids, and it makes him want to be sick. With a low groan, he grabs for Khonshu’s cloak, gets the bare edge of it. It burns in his fingertips, like light against eyes used to the dark.“Khonshu,” he rasps.Not a neat business suit under his cheek, like Khonshu tends to adopt when he visits. No, this is Khonshu in full armor and godly garb, the image of the man in the statue Marc has cursed and worshiped at too many times. Desperately, Marc tries to remember where he was, what was happening that he needed Khonshu's direct intervention, but—Everything hurts, and that’s all he knows.“Soon,” Khonshu soothes, and Marc tries to pull himself up, even open his eyes, but he can't. “It has been a long trip, but it’s almost over now.”Something panicked flares at that, some deep-seated instinct that Marc normally manages to ignore. “Over?” he demands, and his fingers dig into Khonshu's cloak like claws.There's a chuckle, low and vast, immense. It spreads like ripples on water, far out of sight. “Only this crossing, my son. You are still my knight.”Marc won't admit that something turns in his chest at that, wretched relief and too much gratitude. “Don’t need you,” he whispers, even though it’s stupid. Even though Khonshu is carrying him across somewhere vast and dense and terrible, weighty enough that he’s no longer the skeletal bird-headed creature Marc has seen so many times, but something fiercer. “Never did.”There's a long, long pause, long enough that Marc almost thinks Khonshu is about to drop him, leave, never return. But then, soft, Khonshu makes a sound of amusement, and long fingers that feel like bone curl around his shoulder, tighten.“No,” Khonshu agrees, so terribly amused. “You never have. One of the reasons you are the greatest of my knights, my son.”Things are getting darker, like all the many stars around them are setting. “Test,” Marc spits as best he can without moving, and Khonshu laughs.“A test,” he agrees, wicked, and then stops. His cloak curls around them like a live thing, moving in a breeze that Marc can't feel. There's a brief moment of silence, and then Khonshu says, “Shen Li-Men. Or do you go by the Doctor now?”“Swift, if you don’t mind,” a woman says, firm, flat. “Do you have a reason for crossing into this universe?”“My knight is in need of care,” Khonshu says, and Marc wants to laugh, wants to snarl. Can't, because Khonshu is carrying him, and it feels like the full moon, like the only thing that’s keeping him alive, the warmth beneath his head. “And your universe is in need of a guardian for those who travel at night.”“You mean no harm to the occupants of this universe?” Swift asks, and she sounds suspicious.Khonshu chuckles. “I would not refuse worship, were it offered, but my knight keeps me tethered well enough.”“Keep it that way, then.” Swift steps back, a brush of feathers all around her, like she has wings. “There are beings in this universe that would crush you easily, and if you step out of line, I won't hesitate to send them right to you.”“Give my greetings to the Century Babies,” Khonshu returns, unmoved, and starts walking. All around them, the air darkens further, but—There's light, too. One single beam of it, like a pathway lit for them. Marc doesn’t like it. It could be a trap, or a sign for attackers. He twists, wants to slide down, but Khonshu holds him firmly.“Swift is a guardian, nothing more,” he says. “An incarnation of magic and human existence, back to the beginning of time. She will not stop us.”Marc wonders what kind of guardian lets an ancient god wander right into her universe without so much as a pat-down. A bad one, probably. Maybe th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Wayne/Marc Spector
Marc Spector & Jason Todd
Roy Harper/Jason Todd
Marc Spector & Damian Wayne
Bruce Wayne/Steven Grant

freeform: 
Dimension Travel
Friendship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Minor Character Death
It's the Joker
Families of Choice
Khonshu is closer to earlier characterizations of him
rather than an absolute dick
Religious Fanaticism
Moral Ambiguity
Dissociative Identity Disorder

fandom: 
Bruce Wayne/Marc Spector
Marc Spector & Jason Todd
Roy Harper/Jason Todd
Marc Spector & Damian Wayne
Bruce Wayne/Steven Grant

