Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

PROLOGUE
 
 Earth time 2018: The thousand version. 
 
  Lady Future was staring at the view before her. Darkness surrounded the entire Galaxy, slowly eating it up. Darkness brought by Thanos. From the very first moment, he was born, she saw his future and the terrifying consequences his birth will bring up. It repeated each time, in every timeline, before each Ragnarok. The failure of the Avengers and the success of Thanos. It was happening in every circle of the lifetime. Every single time and there was nothing that could stop it. 

   

  She looked back at her sisters, the Past and the Present, they were looking at their Mother's golden lines with the fate of each creature of the universe. Some were tattered already, some were too strong to be broken.  

   

  “My preciouses, it is time again to begin the Time again,” Mother spoke in her low tone. A moment later, her two sisters appeared on both sides. Life and Death. “Let the circle start from the beginning.”  

   

  Mother grabbed the golden threads and put them in the vessel in the middle of the Yggdrasil. The bright light spread in each branch of the World's Tree and lighten it up in million small points. Life, Death, and Fate joined their hands and began chanting the old enchantments to start creating the worlds again.  

   

  Suddenly, the Future spotted something on the Yggdrasil. There at the bottom of the vessel lay two golden treads. One was circled by the green mist, while the other shone with red light. The Future reached for them and took in both her hands. Then she saw it. Images were running fast behind her misted white eyes. The green mist around the first thread connected with the red light of the other, mixing perfectly together.  

   

  A new vision appeared before her. A vision she never expected to see.  

  She couldn't stop a small smile creeping on her face. The vision was beautiful and rightful for the Galaxy. All she had to do was send a little push so the vision becomes real.  
     A vision of hope for the whole universe.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
time traveling
Post Captain America Civil War
Post Infinity War
Slow Build
searching for stones
meddling of the Future
Changing the past
changing the future
More tags to be added
Bonding
Post-Movie: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Avengers Endgame
Post-Doctor Strange (2016)
Nebula & Tony Stark Friendship
Temporary Character Death
un-beta'd
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

