Chapter 1





Chapter Text
One of the owls carrying the school acceptances returns and drops the unopened envelope on Minerva’s desk.  She looks at in stupefaction for a moment, then watches the owl flying away.  “What in Merlin’s name?” she murmurs, grabbing the envelope.  When she reads the name, her eyes widen; and then she is up and hurrying towards the Headmaster’s office.   “Starbursts,” she hisses at the gargoyle, which moves aside without delay.  Her anger grows with every step, with every turn – she had told him, hadn’t she?  The worst sort of muggles, and Lily and James’ son left like the daily post on that stoop!  And now letters being returned unopened!  Oh, but she should have checked on the boy.  Not listened to Albus’ assurances, allowed herself to be placated like a girl.  She is, after all, a lioness. She stalks into his office and throws the letter onto his desk.  “Returned unopened, Headmaster,” she says.There isn’t even an address, just the name Harry Potter.  “Oh, dear,” Albus murmurs.  Then, with barely a glance at her, “Thank you, Minerva.  I’ll handle it from here.” She wants to snarl at the man, to rend and tear.  Instead, she pulls herself to her full height and stares down at him until he meets her eyes. “And how, exactly, Albus, shall you be handling it?” He blinks at her over those ridiculous spectacles and then gestures towards one of those ridiculous devices. “He is healthy,” Albus says.  “I shall send someone to Lily’s sister to fetch the boy.” Minerva glares.  “And who, exactly,” she demands icily, “shall you be sending?” There are many times Minerva has allowed herself to be swayed after disagreeing with some plot of his; his reputation as a great man is not, after all, undeserved.  He is powerful.  He has done so many great things. But the world is not a chess board, and people are not chess pieces.  So when Albus declares, “Hagrid, of course,” Minerva decides that enough is enough. Let the man have his plots.  She has a dear child to find.  It’s the least she owes Lily and James..When she needs to, Minerva can move as quickly as a cat.  She is at the Dursley door while Hagrid is still plodding his way to the road for the Knight Bus.  She considers for just a moment before choosing to keep her usual robes.  She knows Lily’s sister enough to know that her garb will intimidate and irritate; that is all to the good. Time has not been kind to Petunia Evans.  She looks tired, worn, and old.  “You,” she says when she opens the door.  “Get out of here!” “I am here about Lily’s son,” Minerva says, stalking past her.  Petunia lunges to the side and slams the door behind her.  “Lily’s son?” Petunia repeats.  “Then shouldn’t you be talking to Lily?”  Everything in Minerva stops.  If the boy is not here – has never been here – “Petunia,” she says, “Lily died ten years ago.” Petunia blinks at her.  Goes to say something and closes her mouth.  Raises a hand to her face and shakes her head.  “What?” “Headmaster Dumbledore left her son on your doorstep with a letter that explained everything.  Protections were in place that would take effect when you brought him into the house.  A watcher was left to report.”  Minerva keeps her voice soft, tone as gentle as she can manage.  Petunia is entirely too pale, and blinking far too frequently.  “You have a son, Petunia,” she says, because someone was being reported on. Petunia nods. Minerva sighs.  “What happened on November 1 ten years ago?” Petunia says, “Ten years ago?  I think, there was – there was a baby on the doorstep.  I startled – I mean, I opened the door and there was a child, how I could be expected to react?  I barely had a chance, and then some man was there, grabbing him, and I just – ”  She shakes her head.  “I panicked and slammed the door, and I called the police, of course.  Nothing ever came of it.” She stares up at Minerva with eyes that have never been as green as Lily’s, with blonde hair that has never been as striking as Lily’s dark red.  “That was Lily’s boy?” she asks, tears beginning to flow down her cheeks.  “Lily’s dead?” “I – I am very sorry,” Minerva says.How could this have happened?  Why did she never check on the boy? “Please get out of my house,” Petunia says. Minerva goes. .She visits the muggle authorities but their file is miniscule: a woman reported a strange child and man on her doorstep.  There was no evidence anyone had been there.  Case closed. Ten years is a long time.  Albus’ devices show the child still lives, but not where.  Is he being cared for?  Is he loved?  If she could go back in time – She returns to Hogwarts.  Hagrid is there, reporting to the headmaster.  Minerva waits quietly, her anger banked for just a moment.  She lets it simmer.  She must choose her battles wisely, and there are so many other children in her care.Albus Dumbledore has resources she does not.  After Hagrid leaves the office, she says simply, “Find him, Albus.”  And when he is found – She is, after all, a lioness. Albus i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanoff/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Manipulative Dumbledore
Everyone is Badass
no seriously so fucking badass
Darcy Lewis and Tony Stark speak in references
timelines what timelines
Healing
Grief/Mourning
Fix-It
POV Outsider
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Iron Man 3
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Harry Potter was Raised by Other(s)
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanoff/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

