Chapter 1: Ah shit, here we go again...
    




Chapter Text

Disclaimer: I own nothing
 
Chapter 01 : Ah shit, here we go again...
 Deep breaths... nice and calm... Deep, deep breathes. Pros... I'm alive. I should be dead, but I'm not. Cons... EVERYTHING ELSE! My Skills? Gone. My Levels? Gone. My Inventory, my Perks... all gone. “Hey...” a hologram of Shiro starts, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. I know it's a Hologram because I tried to punch him when he appeared, but I went straight through. “So, I know you probably aren't exactly happy about all this.” Oh really... what gave it away? “But, I'd like to bring your attention to the good sides of all this! One, we took your... technical death as a chance to update you to the full Game, no more training wheels for you. Two, this is a chance for a do over, any mistakes you made? Just avoid them, I mean realistically you've spent what? A couple of months? You haven't lost that much time, and yes, I'm sure that re-doing DxD and Overlord will be annoying, but it won't be time consuming at least.” he said making me scowl, he isn't completely wrong... and getting out of this limited game mode is a nice benefit even if it doesn't make up for everything else. I don't care that I've lost progress, I can get that back... Losing my girls hurts however, even if I can get them back. “I was going to try saving your progress but.. well Ophis took your death poorly, and there's not much left of DxD. And the destruction of the Tower Heart kinda... blew up your tower... along with everything in it's vicinity. I did manage to save some data, some of your girls memories to be exact... you'll know them when you find them... and I saved your pet bird, she'll be back soon enough, when you're in a place she wouldn't attract the wrong kind of attention.” Well... at least I have that. Nyx being fine takes the edge of... slightly. “I also managed to recover some of your old data, turns out the Game has a recycle bin... it's been really touchy about that, all this time and it never realised it wasn't properly deleting data... even if a lot of it was corrupted. I gave some of them a bit of a touch-up... along with a little gift from me to you, call it an apology, you're not the only one who's played with Necromancy” 
Item Received

[The Black Necronomica]

A Grimoire on Necromancy, compiled by the Grand Necromancer Shiro the Wight after centuries of research. 
 
Skills Recovered

[Gamers Mind (Kuro's)] (Passive)

Protects the mind of the User, preventing outside influences and access without the Users permission.

Does not affect the mind or personality of the User.

Has other abilities for the User to discover.
 
[Gamers Body (Kuro's)] (Passive) 

Allows the User's body to take on Game-like abilities, preventing the user from dying as long as they have HP.

Has other abilities for the User to discover.
 
[Observe (Kuro's)] (Active)

Provides information on the target.
 
[Skill Creation (Full)] 

Allows the User to create their own skills if they have the pre-requisite knowledge and proficiencies for them.
 
Perks Recovered

[Background Customisation]

Allows you full customisation of your chosen background when it is selected during a Jump-chain, allowing you to alter it to your will.
 
[Companion Background Maker]

Allows you to create a background for your companions in other worlds, allowing them to blend in easier with real documents to prove they are who you say they are. The backgrounds will be made true, Altering the History of the world you are creating the background in.Cannot explain away races foreign to the world you are in.
 
[Companion Alignment Suppressor ]

Companions aren't always going to agree with you, Heroes won't want to help villains and Villains won't want to be made act like do-gooders... that's where this comes in.

This Perk prevents Companions from disobeying or betraying you due to your actions... they won't Approve of your actions if they are against the Companions code but they won't Oppose them either.

Does not prevent Affection and Reputation Loss from actions.
 
[Soulbound Bets]

Any Bets made with you are Soulbound, forcing all participants to follow through with their bets, unable to try and worm out of it no matter what their personality is like. 

Warning! All Participants includes you...
 
[The Multiverses Most Popular Man]

Makes People in organisations desperate to recruit you into their organisations, or if that is impossible then they will attempt to ally you with them.

Makes people more likely to join any Organisation that you are the leader of.

Warning, Desperate People do stupid things sometimes. This won't always be to your benefit, as Evil Organisations, or Evil Members of Neutral or Good Organisations may attempt methods such as Blackmail or Threats to force you into their organisation.
 I know I should be focusing on the recovered stuff... but really? Shiro the 'Wight'? “Gonna admit... the Game shredded the rest. I was teasin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
dark protagonist
Male Protagonist
Gamer Protagonist
Shameless Smut

fandom: 
None
