Work Text:
“Oh come on, a graveyard? Really?”“I thought it appropriate.”“As if you care about what’s appropriate or not. It’s freezing out here dude!”And it was freezing. The summoning circle had been painted in the middle of a graveyard at midnight. The moon was full and doing its best to make everything look as creepy as possible. A harsh biting wind blew across the graveyard, howling and whistling around, sending up red and orange leaves into the air. It was the perfect scene for summoning a ghost.“Hmm. I wouldn’t know. What are you wearing?”Danny was decidedly not a ghost at this time.He was in fact, a tired teenager, wearing a too large novelty t-shirt and sweatpants with holes in them.“Pajamas. I was in bed, sleeping.” Danny hadn’t actually been sleeping. But looking at your phone and scrolling mindlessly through the internet was basically the same thing, right? The important thing was that he’d been laying down. He’d read that somewhere he was pretty sure.Loki quirked an eyebrow up, catching his lie or rather his partial lie. Turns out the rumors about that particular ability were true. Or maybe Danny was just that bad of a liar.“Isn’t part of your job making sure me being pulled randomly from my life doesn’t happen?”“On paper yes.”“What is that even supposed to me?”“It means that it would be far more worth my time to figure out why the King of All Ghosts is masquerading as a mortal child who can’t even do maths.”“I can do math!”“Stark’s been tutoring you.”“I didn’t say I could do it well.”“The others think the circle is faulty or that the spell is wrong.” Loki said. “They refuse to believe what their eyes are telling them. Despite what they might think sometimes the easiest answer is the truth.”“I have my cellphone and I’m not afraid to use it. I will call Tony.”“It’ll still take time for the Avengers to get here. None of them can teleport like I can. Besides, they’re a bit busy with some slime monsters attacking San Francisco. I think we have time for a chat.”“They’re fighting slime monsters at midnight?” And why did Danny feel sort of left out? Yes, being king had meant a steep decrease in ghost fights, which was good for Amity, but Danny now had so much excessive ecto-energy that he had nothing to use on. It was making him twitchy.“Evil waits for no man.”“And you’d know all about that wouldn’t you?” Loki gave him a sharp grin and Danny rolled his eyes. “Look I can’t help you dude. I’m not masquerading as anything.”“Don’t lie, it doesn’t suit you.” Loki said. “I bet you look quite terrifying beneath this glamor you’ve constructed. Or is it shapeshifting? I admit I am terribly curious.”Danny rolled his eyes and looked around, hoping to see someone with some bit of sense. A grave to his left had been partially dug out and Danny saw dirt stains on Loki’s pants as well as a shovel hidden poorly behind his cauldron.“Were you robbing a grave before I got here?”“And doesn’t that just anger you?”“Well yeah! What the hell dude?”“It is written that the King of Ghosts defends the rights of the dead.” Loki read out. “So. Defend one of your subjects, oh mighty king.”“You got to be kidding me.” Danny grumbled. “What, are you going to dress up like a scarecrow next because the King of Ghosts is supposed to be aggressive to things that frighten omens of death?”“Would that work?” Loki asked out of curiosity.“No!”“Pity.”“And this grave stuff isn’t going to work either. I mean it’s nasty don’t get me wrong but it’s not pushing me into whatever you think I should be doing.”“You should be a ghost. Terrifying and awful to behold. You should strike fear into the hearts of all who see you. Weaker beings should fall to their knees at your power. You should be an unstoppable force.” Loki snarled.“Don’t these summoning circles block the power of whomever gets pulled into ‘em?” Danny asked even though he already knew the answer. Loki’s face dropped and Danny continued. “What you see is what you get, dude.”“But that…that doesn’t make any sense!” Loki snapped. “You’re a child.”“Yep.”“A child can’t be the powerful being I’ve read about for centuries.”“I’m not even 18 years old. Don’t know how you could have been reading about me for centuries.” Danny told him.Loki began to stalk along the perimeter of the circle, looking more and more frantic with each pass. Danny watched him, first with ironic amusement and then slowly it changed to a small amount of genuine concern. The man was muttering about how this was supposed to work and what else could he do now that it had failed?“You were really serious about summoning this king, weren’t you?”“Of course, I was! And stop talking as if you’re not him.”“I’m not admitting to anything.” Danny said. “Why did you want to talk to him? Did you want to control him like Hydra?”“If it came to it yes.” Loki said. “If you were anything like the tomes promised you would be and you weren’t willing to listen to reason, then I was prepared to bind you.”“Reason? What did you want with the king?”“What I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Summoning Circles
Magic
Secret Identities
Danny is King of Ghosts
ghost king
thanos mention
Loki is on Parole
Ectober 2019 (Danny Phantom)
Ectober Week 2019 (Danny Phantom)

fandom: 
None
