Chapter 1: Chapter 1 - A New Start
    


Summary:

A flashback to how Stephen and Tony met while studying to become High Care medical professionals.



Notes:
Hello, hello, hello!So, here we are with LP 2.0! This is still set in the LP universe, but I made a separate work to differentiate between what Soph and I made in 1.0, and what I have so far written with Richie and Ali in 2.0.Strap in for more exciting adventures with everyone at Greenport High Care Little Medical Facility! (yes, we finally have a name c: )

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Waking up to a shady text from his ex fiancée is not how Stephen wants to start his busy day of three practicals and one lecture. At least the lecture was first, so Stephen can enjoy a strong cup of coffee while the professor talks about Little psychology, specifically their attachment types and their signs. Still, the doctor-in-training is not in his best mood as he gets ready and eats some breakfast before getting his travel mug and leaving his apartment. The university is just a few minutes away and Stephen is always on time to the lectures, but it seems like someone else is even earlier than him. Another man is sat in the lecture hall, nose buried in one of their five medicine books. “Anthony, isn’t it? We’re in the same group for the practicals later.” Stephen says as he goes to sit down next to the other.“Please, call me Tony. The only person who called me Anthony was my father.” Tony replies, wrinkling his nose in disgust at the thought of Howard. “And you are...?” He then asks, turning to watch the man sit down next to him. He tries not to make it look like he is staring, but when his own dark brown eyes meet steely blue ones, he feels like that is all he can do. The man is attractive, there is no denying that, and Tony’s grip on the book he is reading becomes a little bit tighter.“Right, sorry.” Stephen apologises, noticing right away that Tony really does not like to be called by his full name. “I’m Stephen.” He says, offering his hand out. When they shake hands, Stephen feels something warm up inside of him. He has not felt like this for years and the last time he did, it was about Christine. Could he... No. No, no. Stephen had left his ex to go study to become a medical CG for High Care Littles. He can hardly start falling for someone new. Or could he? Stephen takes a long drink of his coffee to try and clear his head, but the only thing he achieves is a burnt tongue.Tony cannot resist a small snort of laughter when the man, Stephen, splutters over his coffee. “Careful, that stuff’s hot.” He says lightly, like it is the most obvious thing in the world, and turns back to his book. “Shut it.” Stephen snaps a little, and for a second he fears that he has been too harsh. After all, they had just met. But, Tony seems only amused by it and his laugh soothes Stephen. His tongue still hurts, but he laughs along before they both fall silent for a while.
Tony feels almost hyper-aware of Stephen’s presence next to him, no matter how much he tries to ignore the man and focus on the passage he is reading. This has never happened before, definitely not during his training or indeed before it. He drums his fingertips against the hardback cover of the book in frustration, annoyed with himself that he has allowed one conversation with an attractive guy completely distract him from what he was doing.Stephen curses at himself. Why is he so awkward all of a sudden? He is a grown man, for God’s sake, and here he is acting like a lovestruck teenager. In a way it feels fresh and good, especially after the whole mess with Christine and poor Clea. “So, uhm, have you thought about where you’d like to work after finishing these courses?” Stephen asks.Tony hesitates for a moment, but eventually puts the book down. There is no way in hell he is going to be able to concentrate on reading it any more, not when this attractive asshole is sat next to him. “A surgeon at a hospital, I think. Then I would get to meet a lot of different HC Littles. There’s a local hospital not far from the university that I was thinking of applying to. What about you?” He asks politely while he picks up his pen and begins spinning it absentmindedly across his fingers. That was how he knows he is fucked- he never fidgets with things unless he is nervous or flustered. For God’s sake Tony, pull yourself together, he thinks scathingly.Stephen nods as he listens to Tony answer, and for a second he freaks when he realises Tony has asked him the same question. Stephen has been way too distracted at looking at Tony’s warm brown hair and how it nearly matched his eyes to really think of an answer to his own question. “I uhm, I’d like to work in a medical facility where the High Care Littles live permanently, you know? I think Professor Laine got to my head yesterday with her argument.” He says and pauses for a bit. When Tony looks curious, Stephen continues. “T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Age Play
Ageplay
Non-Sexual Age Play
sexual ageplay
Daddy Kink
Mommy Kink
Medical Kink
Medical Procedures
Medical Examination
Medical Professionals
Medical Conditions
Surgery
Body Modification
Injury
Injury Recovery
Medicine
Sickfic
Illnesses
Crying
Whump
Hurt
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

