Work Text:
1.1939The one thing Steve loves more than Bucky’s mouth is his nipples. Growing up, it’d always been a constant series of the same jokes from all of his best guy’s friends – cold in here, Buck? You could cut glass with those things. Oh rats, the radio signal is down! It’s fine, just tweak Barnes’s nips until it comes back – that usually works. Steve would sometimes yank on his chain, too, to avoid suspicion. But the truth was, Steve loved how hard and perky Bucky’s nipples always seemed to be. He still does; he’s crazy about them.They’re pure perfection in every way: areolas near perfect circles, lying flat against his pecks – except for those little nipples of his, which always seem to be pebbled up as if having been pinched all day. (The thought used to get Steve off less than a minute after getting his hand on himself… because if he wasn’t picturing his own fingers doing the pinching, he found he also got off for some perverted reason on imagining Bucky writhing and moaning on some inanimate object while big and calloused fingers of some complete stranger playing with him until the brunet was delirious.) They’re the absolute prettiest shade of pink, Steve’s sure of it - even if his ailments prevent him from being able to see their actual colour.The best part about it all is: Bucky is just as crazy about having them touched as Steve is with the desire to touch them.Steve had discovered Bucky’s private kink during the course of their friendship – long before they’d even decided to move in together. When Bucky would regale him with stories of his sexual conquests with the dames, Steve couldn’t overlook the way that Bucky would always throw in little comments; how good it felt when what’s-her-face pinched his nipple with her teeth while kissing her way down to his prick, or how whenever he seemed to have his strongest orgasms, it’d be in a story in which Bucky had those sensitive little buds played with or tweaked just when he was about to come.Once they moved in together, that suspicion was confirmed, to say the least. Though Bucky would admit everything dirty secret to him under the sun, he couldn’t seem to bring himself to voice to Steve this particular fetish; almost as if he were ashamed, or perhaps worried that Steve would look at him with disgust if he ever found out. Little did he know that every time Steve heard him through the paper-thin wall that separated their rooms, he could hear the sound of Bucky being ridden or fucking into some pretty little doll and the blond listened for the way his best friend would groan quick snippets of pleas – that’s right, baby doll… fuck, yeah, pinch my nipples, baby… auuuhhh, Christ Almighty, suck ‘em… fuck, m’gonna come…And then he always would – and Steve would always be right there with him from the tiny cot in his substantially lonelier bedroom.Bucky loves having his nipples played with, and every time they indulge in it, Steve falls a little more in love with his best friend. The first time they could no longer avoid the elephant in the room had been the first time they’d kissed and the first time they’d had the guts to finally tell the other how they felt. Because Bucky had just come back from taking a shower, and as he’d strode through the apartment with his towel slung low around his hips, his chest had been on a proud display and Steve’s eyes had been unable to break their gaze from the two perfect little points on his pecks.Somehow, that had led to talking and talking had led to questionable decision-making – depending on where you were standing – and suddenly Steve, who had been drawing, was straddling Bucky on the floor and running his eraser back and forth across Bucky’s chest, causing the boy lying beneath him to shudder and choke on his moans every time it would glide over one of his nipples. When Steve had switched to his actual pencil and lightly traced invisible lines across Bucky’s areolas, his best friend had grabbed Steve’s hips in his hands and suddenly breathed, “I’m coming, Steve, oh shit, m’about to come--”And so Steve had pressed the pointed tip to Bucky’s right nipple and scratched down it with just the tiniest bit of pressure, and sure enough, Bucky had thrown his head back instantly and dirtied up the towel around his waist with a long and heavy orgasm.Bucky loves having his nipples played with, and luckily for him, Steve is only more than happy to oblige. His favourite nights are the ones where they can get tangled up in the flimsy blankets on their cots and lose themselves for just an hour or two; swallowing down each other’s sounds and ensuring that even if the rest of the world can never find out, for a moment in time, nothing exists but each other.Bucky’s been around the block more than anyone else Steve’s ever known, and yet his body is so responsive that he reacts almost virginally to any way Steve touches him; gets his hands on him and uses those long, artistic fingers to pinch and twist and squeeze until he’s begging
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Five Times +1 Fic
Anal Sex
Anal
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
Rimming
Nipple Play
Nipple Licking
Nipple Clamps
Phone Sex
Dirty Talk
Knifeplay
Pre-War
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Domestic Avengers
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Like 6 prompts/kinks in this one lol
Reference to crygasms
Tony just can't catch a break
Steve and Bucky just love to fuck
This killed me to write
Fluff and Smut
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
consensual knifeplay
So much fucking sex and dirty talk jfc
Shameless Smut
porn with a little plot
Mostly porn
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

