Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint didn’t expect Mjolnir to actually move when he grabbed it. Really, he honestly didn’t. After months of watching idiot supervillains try to snatch the hammer from Thor’s grip—and Tony try to steal it from the kitchen table—Clint had figured out that Mjolnir tolerated no one’s touch but Thor’s. And Clint was the kind of guy who respected a magical hammer’s right to choose who in the hell it wanted to be hefting it. After all, Clint hated it when random people started touching him, and his bows liked to snap bruises on the junior agents who thought Clint’s gear was what made him the best and borrowing it would improve their aim. And if Clint and his gear hated it people touching them, he could only imagine how much the thousands-of-years-old enchanted hammer felt about that shit. But see, for all that Clint respected Mjolnir’s right to be as persnickety as it damn well chose, Clint was a little more focused on the monster about to eat him than he was about violating Mjolnir’s personal space. His bow was broken—snapped in half by slathering jaws—his knives had all been thrown into vulnerable eyes, and one of these freaking Wargs had eaten his quiver. (And Clint was going to have to punish Coulson for naming these things and forever tainting The Lord of the Rings.) So Clint had grabbed the hammer’s handle mid-lunge away from a gaping maw and just swung. He’d been expecting the hammer to stay put, a stable bar that Clint could use as a base to maybe kick his heels someplace that might buy him a bit more time to run. But his first touch of Mjolnir had seared the flesh of his whole arm like he’d shoved his way into a burning building; or, he supposed it might have felt just like getting struck by lightning. It hadn’t been the wrenching pain that came from ripping his shoulder out of its socket, which some part of him had always thought would happen if he ever actually got Mjolnir to move. But no matter how strange the pain, it was worth it when one blow from the hammer ripped the open jaw off the Warg’s face. After that, well… he and Mjolnir just had themselves a good time. They smashed and bashed their way through ribs and skulls, and Clint even got comfortable enough to start throwing the hammer around. (And for a hefty, square, lump of metal the accuracy on Mjolnir was incredible.) In the end it was an all around good fight, just another day in the life of the Avengers. When the last Warg was down, Mjolnir gave a little tug of warning before it flew away to rejoin Thor. The Asgardian seemed to think his hammer had been off taking down Wargs all on its own, and if Mjolnir didn’t feel like sticking around to tell Thor where he’d been, Clint wasn’t going to be the one to tell. Clint had silently agreed to pretend like the whole thing had never happened, just a secret between him and Mjolnir. Which shouldn’t have gotten out since Clint had kept some of the world’s most classified secrets while Mjolnir was… well, a hammer. (Though, Clint did plan on tracking down something like hammer polish as a private thank you for saving his life.) Clint had no problem with keeping this stroke of luck all to himself. At least, he didn’t up until he woke up the next morning with a tattoo on the back of his shooting hand. Or at least, part of a tattoo. The tattoo’s thick, black lines formed a bird’s head, something with sharp eyes and a hooked beak. But the bird’s body tapered off at the shoulders, like the ink had once stretched along the whole of Clint’s arm but had long since faded away. Or, maybe it was just now fading in. Either way, it didn’t take a genius to connect yesterday’s fierce burn of touching Mjolnir with the sting that had taken shape on his hand this morning. Clint pressed his thumb into the ink, rubbing away the ache and trying to rub away the color. “Hey, J?” Clint asked Stark Tower’s AI. “Would you like me to call for Dr. Banner, Clinton?” Which was the most informal Clint had ever been able to get JARVIS to be. “Nah, let’s keep this between you and me for now. No point in worrying anybody until we know that there’s something to worry about. You happen to notice when this started to turn up, though?” “Given your propensity to sleep nestled within in a pile of blankets where I am unable to observe you, I would only be able to estimate based upon the growth pattern I have observed since you ended your REM cycle. Is this sufficient?” Clint ignored the comment about his sleeping habits for the passive-aggressive scolding that it was. Clint was pretty sure that some of Stark’s own voyeuristic tendencies had rubbed off on JARVIS, and if the AI had his way there would be cameras everywhere and all of the Avengers would be forced to roam around naked, just so they couldn’t keep anything from him. “Sure, J. Estimate away.” “I assume that the mark began to appear after you entered your REM state of sleep. You have proven that without such depth you will wake at the slightest provocation, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Past Lives
Asgard
Fluff and Angst
Romance
Alternate Universe - Reincarnation
Mental Coercion

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

