Work Text:
“Fuck Archie” you heard as you went up the stairs in your boyfriend’s house. What the fuck. No one was supposed to be home but Archie. Turning around the corner you see the door to Archie’s bedroom was half-open, creeping silently towards it your heart racing with every step, you push it open. Your eyes widen and fill with tears, all you can do is stare in shock at the scene before you. Not once did you ever expect to see Archie fucking Betty in his bed.

In a daze you reach into your pocket and grab your phone, sliding to the right for your camera, you hit the button to record and stand there numbly as tears stream down your face. After a few minutes of doing that you turned it off, they were so into each other they didn’t even notice you standing there. You wanted to scream and yell at them, tell them off for betraying you this way, but you stopped yourself, refusing to let them make a bigger fool of you. Blinking away the tears you move silently, knowing they didn’t hear you and didn’t even realize you had caught them. As soon as you were outside his house and a safe distance away you let yourself take in the situation and the thoughts started swarming in.That lying little bitch! She was fucking him! Behind your fucking back. How could they do this to you? They swore they felt nothing for one another anymore. It was in the past and they were just friends now. Bullshit. Fuck you should’ve trusted your gut, you knew they looked at each other weirdly, you knew there was a connection. Jughead refused to see it though, fuck, he was going to be crushed by this. Fuck them! He told you he loved you. You stayed in Riverdale for him, instead of going with your family. Fuck, of course, he didn’t love you. He loved her, your best friend. How could she do this to you, she was supposed to be there for you. She’s supposed to be in love with Jughead. You told her almost everything, you thought you could trust her. How could she hurt you and Jughead this way, did you really mean that little to her. At least she never found out who you really are, who your dad was, thank god you never told her the truth. Fuck you Betty Cooper and fuck you, Archie Andrews. You don’t need them. You don’t need either of them. You weren’t going to let them get away with it either though, no they would be sorry they ever crossed you.***“Y/n? Betty’s not home right now” Alice said as she answered the door. You smiled and shook your head, raising the bottle of wine in your hand. “Hahaha, no silly, I came to see you tonight. I was in the mood for one of our chats.”Alice smiled at you and let you inside. This wasn’t uncommon for you two, you had always been close with the Coopers, practically lived there as you and Betty had been friends since high school, after you transferred in to escape the publicity of your last name. Being an avenger’s daughter wasn’t easy and came with a lot of drama and unwanted attention. To keep you safe and able to live a normal life, your dad, Tony Stark, got you set up in Riverdale with Pepper’s last name. No one ever suspected you were a Stark, and that’s how you intended to keep it. You don’t know how you haven’t gotten caught though as dad sucked at being discreet when he’d sneak in to see you, usually choosing to fly in his suit.After a few drinks in each of you, you were quite buzzed, while she was on her way to drunk. It might have had something to do with the fact she was drinking each glass as if it was water and not slowing down though. Pretty soon the alcohol helped relax her and she became far more open with everything she usually held back. She was sad and missing FP since he was away, and Betty barely ever was home, busy with university or Jughead. Or Archie you thought bitterly to yourself. You nodded along and comforted her, leaning into her side and wrapping your arm around her back. Alice was quite drunk as she looked up at you, her eyes lost and blurry. Bringing your hand up to her cheek, you gently trace your thumb across her jawline, attempting to soothe her.The tenderness of your action caused her to lean up and brush her lips against yours. You responded by grabbing her face and pulling her closer to you to press your lips firmly into hers. She knew how to kiss and soon had you tilting your head and opening your mouth for more, whimpering as your tongue went into her mouth. You began moving your other hand to her waist and moved closer to press yourself against her.

You pushed down gently on her shoulders to get her to lie down on the couch as you laid half of your body on top of hers. Slowly you started to grind your hips into her leg and move your lips over her jaw and down her throat. She was moaning below you, thrilled with the attention, you helped her remove her shirt before you continue your journey to her perky nipples. Damn, she wasn’t wearing a bra and they look good, you had to admit, she was ageing nicely. You couldn’t help but lick and suck at them, enjoying teasing her.A 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Alice Cooper (Archie Comics)/Reader
Alice Cooper/You
Alice Cooper and Y/n
Alice Cooper (Archie Comics)/Original Character(s)
Archie Andrews/Betty Cooper
Archie Andrews/Reader
Alice Cooper x Y/n Stark

freeform: 
NSFW GIF
NSFW
Smut
Angst
Cheating
Revenge
a little bit of non-con
because drunk
Drunken Kissing
Drunk Sex
Nipple Licking
Nipple Play
cunninglus
Eating out
pussy eating
Oral Sex
Missionary Position
Bed Sex
getting caught
Walking In On Someone
Taking Advantage
Seduction
Mentioned Tony Stark
mentioned Pepper - Freeform
Married Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Mentioned Jughead Jones
Jughead Jones Deserves Better
Mentioned Archie Andrews
Minor Archie Andrews/Betty Cooper
Betrayal
Partner Betrayal
don't sleep with your friends boyfriend
stark daughter
Y/n Stark - Freeform
reader Stark
Tony Stark's Daughter Reader
vengeance
Caught
best friends mom
Reader-Insert
Original Character(s)
sex gif
porn gif
Erotic Gif
Animated GIFs
Explicit Gif

fandom: 
Alice Cooper (Archie Comics)/Reader
Alice Cooper/You
Alice Cooper and Y/n
Alice Cooper (Archie Comics)/Original Character(s)
Archie Andrews/Betty Cooper
Archie Andrews/Reader
Alice Cooper x Y/n Stark

