Chapter 1: Alpha
    


Notes:
(New) Branded the playlist: 
SpotifyYouTube

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


You pushed the apartment door open and shut it with a definitive thud behind you, wobbling on your feet. Within seconds you heard a banging on the wall; the neighbors making their displeasure known.As if your night couldn’t possibly get worse. Your head was pounding, your feet hurt, and you were sure your Uber driver had thought you were wasted with your red-rimmed eyes and runny nose.You tossed your purse on the counter and kicked off your shoes just as a wailing noise announced its presence from the doorway to the kitchen.“Hi, stinker.” You sighed, bending down to pet the large grey cat as he bumped his forehead against your legs. “Miss me?”Monster gave another loud meow, his head tilting and green eyes wide as he screamed up at you. You laughed and felt your mood already improving despite the disastrous events of the evening.“Yeah, yeah, one second—no, stop, get out of the way—“You had to untangle your legs from your cat’s massive body as he tried to commit light manslaughter on the way to the kitchen. You made it in one piece and opened a can of cat food for him in his bowl. He voraciously chowed down, practically inhaling his food and ignoring you now that he had been appeased.You walked, or rather stumbled to the bathroom and flipped on the light, nearly startling yourself in the mirror. You’d already forgotten what you were wearing and a blush crept up your neck from scaring yourself in the mirror. It was somewhat intimidating, the sight of grey skin, various fetid wounds, and copious amounts of fake blood and exposed bones.You didn’t normally go for company parties, even Halloween ones, but you’d taken the chance because a certain attractive—and more importantly, available—coworker had been planning to attend.At least, you’d thought he was available. When you’d seen Davin leave the party with his arms around Theresa, the woman whose cubicle was right next to yours and you knew for a fact wasn’t interested in your crush because she had said so many times, you knew his availability was no longer a question.You went home, alone, as you did every night, but this time with the benefit of getting plastered to drown in your self-pity. The garish face staring back at you did nothing to make you feel less like an idiot, and you sighed and pulled off your long, bright red wig. The Avengers were a popular choice every year and people at the party had complimented your creative “Zombie Black Widow’ outfit you’d spent hours putting together.Well, almost everyone had noticed it. Davin had completely ignored you. And to think, at one point you believed he’d liked you. You should have known better. You were never anyone’s first choice.Swallowing down the lump in your throat, you took off your costume a piece at a time, washed the makeup from your face, and tried to pick out the black glitter and fake blood in your hair. You were too exhausted for a shower, not to mention by the state of your pounding headache you were transitioning from inebriated to hangover.After putting on your pajamas, you immediately went to bed, sighing in relief as you crawled under the covers. You were still disappointed; Halloween was your favorite night of the year, and you had hoped this one would be different. You’d always been obsessed with the occult and the macabre; even when you were a kid you’d tried to use Ouija boards and séances to contact the dead. It had never worked, but sometimes strange things would happen to you, and you took it as a sign that there was something out there, magical and unknowable.And yet, here you were, a pathetic adult trying your hardest not to think about what your coworkers were doing right now. It made your stomach twist and the self-loathing dig that much deeper.There was a soft thump as your cat jumped up on the bed, followed by a loud meow to announce his arrival. You clicked your tongue at him and held out your hand; he bumped his head against your palm so hard it knocked your hand back. You giggled and stroked his grey fur as he curled up against your side.At least you had Monster on your side. Who needed men?You fell asleep to the sound of your massive cat purring. You woke to the feeling of suffocation and a low, menacing growling.You couldn’t remember opening your eyes but you were staring upward, barely able to breathe. You tried to lift your arms and head but they didn’t respond. You attempted to curl your toes and fingers but they remained inert.The growling rose into a warning hiss, an aggressive yowl, and you realized the weight on your chest was Monster. You could see his grey fur, puffed up and agitated. He wasn’t growling at you, he wasn’t even facing you, instead turned toward your bedroom door.Your heart hammered in your head, blood pumping through your ears, but your body was a foreign entity and wouldn’t respond to your
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Horror
Dubious Consent
Demon Bucky Barnes
Incubus Bucky Barnes
Succubi & Incubi
Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements
Pheromones
Sex Pollen
Demon Sex
Occult
Claiming
Fuck Or Die
Smut
Top Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Soul Bond
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Rape Mention
Hurt/Comfort
Demons
Accidental Bonding
Demon Deals
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Asexual Reader

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

