Chapter 1: Harris and the Roombas
    


Summary:

For Zeefood, who requested the following: "A gaggle of Roombas (Roombae?) have taken to following Harris around like ducklings."Harris gets the best prompts.  Just saying.





Chapter Text
“Aw, you have a Roomba!”Harris looked up from his work.  “Yes, want it?” he said to the pleasant agent who had paused at the door of his cubicle.  She handed him a file, and Harris took it.  “Thank you.”Dani grinned.  “Sure.  I like them.”  She tucked her files under one arm and leaned over the wall of Harris' cubicle to pat the Roomba on its case.  “They're cute.”Harris gave her a polite smile.  “So I'm told,” he said.  He reached out with his pencil and set the eraser against the Roomba's side, pushing it back, away from his paperwork.  “Stop it,” he told it, when it whined.  “I agreed to let you serve as a paper weight.  You move, you're no longer weighting.”“I'm surprised it's staying,” she said.  “Most of them keep moving constantly.”“I noticed.”  His trash can started rolling away, and set his foot on it.  “I guess I'm just lucky.”Dani looked down at the trash can, her lips pursed.  “Is there a Roomba under there?”“It was annoying me,” Harris explained.  A faint, confused beeping came from the inside of his desk drawer, and he gave her a tight lipped smile.  “Anything else?”Her head canted forward.  “How many-”“Watch your feet,” Harris told her.“What-”  She scrambled backwards as a Roomba shot between her ankles.  Her mouth gaped open, and then she started laughing.  “How many of them are in there?”“Way too many,” Harris said.  He bent back over his work.  “If you'd like to take a few with you when you go, I'd be grateful.”“I think you're on your own,” she said, giving him a cheerful wave before she headed down the aisle.“Story of my life,” Harris said.  He gave pushed the paper weight one back in place.  “I swear if you end up sucking my brains out through my eyeballs or something, I will haunt your creator.”  The Roomba beeped cheerfully at him.“Yeah, that's what I thought.”  Harris sighed.  The day was almost over.  And maybe this time, they wouldn't have multiplied by the time he came back in the morning. *“You can't leave with those.”Harris stopped, confused.  “Excuse me?”The guard, a pleasant fellow named Gary, shook his head.  “You need to have clearance to remove proprietary tech from the building, Harris.”“What're you-”  Harris glanced behind him.  Half a dozen Roombas were bouncing against each other and swirling in complicated patterns across the lobby floor.  “What, those things?  I'm not-”  He stared at Gary.  “They're not with me.”Gary gave him a doubtful look.  “They look like they're with you.  They're following you.”“Well, that's their problem,” Harris said.  “They belong in here.  I belong-”  He pointed both hands at the door.  “Out there.  Not here.  I'll go, they'll stay.”Grinning now, Gary tipped his cap back with a flick of his finger.  “You think so?” he asked, brown eyes dancing.  “They seem real attached to you.”“I suspect a dark hand in this,” Harris said.  He crouched down. “Hey, bumble bots.  Back to work.”The Roombas clustered around him, beeping and whirring in a way that seemed almost pleasant.  Harris was pretty sure that they had been programmed to look nonthreatening.  It didn't work all that well, but he appreciated that someone had tried.  He stood up.  “Okay.  Off you go!”One of them tried to consume his shoelace.“Okay,” Harris said.  He shifted his messenger bag around to his front, digging through the pockets.  Agents and support personnel streamed past him, smiling and laughing as they did.  Harris was used the the amused looks, most of them knew Tony Stark well enough to have some pity for him.  He stepped out of the way, letting the lucky ones leave, and the Roombas followed.“Yeah, looks like they've decided anywhere you're going, they're going,” Gary said, crossing his arms over his chest.  “We'll see.”  Harris pulled a pencil sharpener from the depths of his bag.  Giving the little cup a shake, he yanked the top off, checking the contents.  It was mostly full of wood shavings and graphite shards.  He wound up.  “Fire in the hole!  Watch out for flying Roombas!” he yelled and lobbed the damn thing like a grenade.There was an instant of silence, and time slowed down as the pencil sharpener went tumbling, end over end, scattering wood shavings everywhere.  Almost as one, the Roombas spun on their little wheels, and took off, beeping at the top of their little circuits.“Have a good night, Gary,” Harris said, shifting his bag back behind him.“Good night, Harris,” Gary said, chuckling under his breath.Harris pushed the door open, grinning at the fading blue of the sky.  “Freedom, sweet freedom,” he said, spreading his arms.  “And that's-”The sound of a Roomba impacting with a glass wall was like a gunshot.  Harris twitched forward, his arms folding over his head in a desperate attempt to protect himself.  Horrified, he twisted a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Various Relationships

freeform: 
Humor
Angst
bad choices
Mostly me for suggesting this
But also whatever Clint is doing

fandom: 
Various Relationships

