Work Text:
Tony gaped in simple, uncomplicated horror at the headline. There was usually an element of pride, or comedy, or anger at a bad headline, but this was pure oh God no. He fumbled for his coffee mug and took a swig. It was too damn early for this. On the weekend, too."Pepper?" he bleated, and she nodded, her fingers already tapping at the touchscreen of her phone. "Okay, just - can we hide the papers from him?""I'll unplug the TV." Pepper strode towards the door, then backed up fast before two hundred and fifty pounds of gorgeous blond morning person."Good morning Ms Potts," Steve stopped for pleasantries, of course, which gave Tony the chance to hide three copies of the paper under the tablecloth. "Are those new shoes?""Why yes," and he could almost hear Pepper blush. "You're so observant!""That's right," Steve said gravely. "I'm a natural observer. It's not at all because I like to stare at ladies' ankles." A giggle, and then Pepper's heels were tapping down the hallway and Steve advanced to take his seat."Good morning, Tony," and Steve gave him that small, fond smile Tony liked to think was just his. Everyone got the wide, sincere toothpaste smile, but that goofy little quirk of the lips was all Tony's. It never failed to lift his spirits; even now, his mouth was curving in response. Steve loaded his plate with toast, and Tony sipped his coffee and watched the muscles in his arms shift as he assembled his breakfast. It would be all right. Pepper would slap suits and gagging orders on absolutely everyone, and they'd keep Cap away from the news for a day, and no harm done."Say, is the paper here?" Steve turned his head, vaguely, as if Jarvis might have decided to leave the papers stuck to the refrigerator door for a change."No," Tony said with elaborate casualness. "I checked a news site not long ago, though; nothing much happening.""Oh," Steve looked a little put out. "I like the cartoons. I suppose I can go pick one up after breakfast."Tony was just mentally running through a list of distracting things they could do after breakfast, when the voice of doom spoke behind him, in soft, feminine tones."I have a paper, Captain; I've finished with it now." Storm laid the paper down at his elbow, and gave Tony a quizzical look. "Is everything all right?""Of course," Tony gritted out."He's always grumpy in the mornings, you know that." Jan patted his head as she went to the coffeemaker. Every Saturday, Jan and Storm got up, fetched the papers, bought pastries and elaborate coffee concoctions, and retired to Storm's bedroom to 'discuss politics'. It seemed to involve a lot of giggling.Still, perhaps he could distract Steve before he looked at it."Have you guys seen the headlines?" Peter wandered in, clutching his own paper. Tony briefly regretted not possessing a death ray. "Because, um.""Sure," Jan lied unconvincingly. "Read the whole thing. Gosh. What do you think?""Well, I, it, um." Peter said intelligently, and Steve reached out and shook the paper out, exposing the headline Avengers Love Match above a large photo of Captain America clasped in Iron Man's arms. In a purely airlifting capacity, of course."It's all nonsense," Tony gabbled. "Tabloid garbage. Don't worry, Cap, we'll soon get retractions printed and sue for enough money you can buy a new shield.""That's a lot of money," Peter shuffled forward to grab some toast. "I wonder why they thought they were safe to print it?"Steve was still staring down at the paper. His ears had flushed red. Tony bit his lip. Steve was - well, Tony was sure he wasn't homophobic or anything, but he was from a different time, and Tony hadn't felt the need to tell him he was bisexual, and maybe he'd feel Tony should've told him so headlines like this didn't happen, and oh God Steve wasn't going to want to be friends anymore.The future was a bleak, empty, Steveless desert. No more hanging out on patrol, or going for basketball and burgers; no more Steve handing him screwdrivers while he worked; no more movie nights; no more Steve coming to wake him up with coffee and sitting on his bed and chatting until Tony had picked the morning goo out of his eyes."Seriously, Steve, don't worry about it. It's so ridiculous, no one will believe it for a second.""Well." Steve finally looked up, and gave him a wavering, uncertain smile that made Tony's heart plummet. That smile said comfort me and right now Tony didn't dare hug him. "Um, this is awkward.""No it's not," Tony insisted. "We'll get the papers to print a retraction and everyone will forget about it."Steve opened his mouth, but was forestalled by the entrance of Pepper, looking as if she'd seen a ghost."What's wrong?" Tony jumped to his feet. "What now?""I spoke to the papers," she said. "Three of them. They said their source -""It was me," Steve blurted out, and Tony turned to stare. Was - that was a really odd joke. Sort of cruel, really, if he'd noticed the way Tony looked at him. "I'm sorry. They - there was a robbery - 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

