Work Text:
“Steve —“
“Not now.” “Rogers, I swear to God —“ Steve jerks his arm away when Bucky grabs at it. When he turns to glare his eyes are blue and hotly angry, and there’s a furious tick in his jaw. “Don’t do that.” “Like hell,” Bucky says, grabbing his arm again, this time with his left hand, so that it’ll really be starting something if Steve moves away. “Will you look at me? This isn’t on you.” Steve’s eyebrows are an angry line, his mouth frowning, his whole body held tense like a bow. Bucky hates that frown. It kills Bucky to see, because what happened on the op today wasn’t Steve’s fault — it was the fault of shitty intelligence and bad visibility. Not nobody’s fault in the team there was a school where there was. No one could’ve done anything about it. But Steve used to get this way too during the war, Bucky remembers that — remembers this exact look on his face, the way he’d beat himself up after, running it over and over again with his picture perfect memory until he either had to give it up and fall asleep or find something to beat the shit out of.And Bucky remembers, too, that there’s only one real way to get Steve out of this cycle of self-flagellation, and as a result of this revelation he says, in a totally different tone of voice — commanding, brooking no argument: “Meet me in the gym. Ten minutes.” Bucky gets changed, gray SHIELD issue sweats and a tank, and when Steve meets him on the mats ten minutes later he’s got the worst look on his face. He seems resigned and grimly determined. Bucky realizes that Steve thinks he’s gonna get the shit beaten out of him because of his perceived fuck-up on the field today, and he feels even worse. But if he remembers right — and sometimes he doesn’t, but he thinks right now he does — if he remembers right then this is what Steve needs to believe that nobody’s mad at him, that he should cut himself some slack. Steve goes to tape up but Bucky shakes his head. “Come on,” Bucky says. “Come at me. Bare-knuckle.” Steve drops the tape, takes his stance, and makes a perfunctory attempt at a hit. Bucky blocks it easy with his left arm. “Jesus, you’re a pussy,” he bites. “That all you got? That all you got, tough guy?” Steve’s nostrils flare. He aims for Bucky’s throat, and this time it at least takes some of Bucky’s strength to fend him off. He goes for a dirty shot and lands a punch into Steve’s sternum that knocks the air right out of him. But Steve won’t fight back. So Bucky shoves him, sending him stumbling back a few steps. He can’t think of a way to piss Steve off enough to get this ball rolling, to make him let all that anger out, and so he shoves again, and again, and starts running his mouth: “Come on, you fucking pussy, you scared? What the hell’s wrong with you, huh? Land a hit. Land a hit!” Whip fast Steve lashes out, and this time it takes all Bucky’s strength to catch his fist. And so Bucky hits back even though he pulls the punch, and jumps nimbly when Steve tries to sweep his legs out from under him. And then Steve jumps sideways at him, into his arms, planning to take Bucky by surprise and take them down together, but instead Bucky tucks and flips neatly over his shoulder and wrestles Steve into the ground. They grapple viciously, the mat squeaking under them, their breathing harsh. Steve winds up on top, but Bucky knows this game, and he lurches up and locks his thighs tight around Steve’s ears, flipping him over onto his back hard, mindful of the angle of his neck.Bucky looks down at him. Steve’s exerted, panting at the viciousness of it, and there’s a surprised look on his face. There it is. Bucky chuckles and grabs Steve by the hair and rocks his hips into his face. “You like that?” Steve snarls, really pissed off now, and somersaults over and away. He launches himself fast at Bucky’s back, trapping him with his big body, but Bucky elbows him hard in the stomach, once, twice, and finally throws him off. And then Bucky’s on Steve, who thrashes, but finally after a hit to the nose Bucky flips him onto his belly and gets his thighs straddling him, his right hand pressing Steve’s face into the mat and his left holding Steve’s wrists together behind his back. Steve struggles, and finally, frustrated, kicks his foot to the mat. “You out?” Bucky asks. It’s not hard to get going with the day’s op and the adrenaline of the fight buzzing just under his skin, and he’s at least halfway there when he settles all his weight on Steve, shifting back so Steve can feel it right on his ass. “Huh? Gimme an answer.” “Are you gonna fuck me,” Steve gasps into the mat lowly, “Or are you gonna fight me?” “I don’t know,” says Bucky, like he’s really contemplating it. He makes his voice sweet and condescending. “It’s just you look so pretty when you’re pissed off.” Steve tries to lash out but Bucky clamps down hard, legs, hands, hips, and Steve’s forced to still again after a minute. “Ask me nicer,” Bucky grunts, squeezing Steve’s wrists behind his back, just to m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Dom/sub Undertones
Face-Fucking
Rough Sex
Angry Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

