Work Text:
 The first week after Steve walked out of SHIELD, he went clubbing. Sometimes the bouncers recognized him, sometimes they just let him in because he had on a tight shirt and looked like he had money. He made himself get out on the dance floor and pretended he was learning a new martial arts technique. The music was so loud you couldn’t talk to anyone, but that didn’t seem to matter. He didn’t have to ask girls to dance; they just looked at him and smiled, and when he smiled back tentatively, they came up on the dance floor and started dancing with him. Sometimes they even put their hands on his waist and pulled him in so close their bodies were grinding up against each other and he got hot and panting and turned-on.He sure got the appeal of that part, but he could barely see their faces, washed with green and yellow and red, and at the end of the night he walked out with four or five new numbers on his cellphone and only a vague idea who any of them belonged to. He called and texted a few of them the day after, but they rarely answered. When they did, they mostly sounded confused when he tried to explain who he was, which was a challenge in and of itself. “That guy you were rubbing up against last night at the club” didn’t seem right, and when he said, “Steve,” they said, “Who?”One of them did remember him and said, “Sure!” when he asked her to come out for lunch, and then she added, “But it’s got to be on the other side of town, I don’t want my boyfriend to find out,” and Steve stared at the phone a moment and then said, “Sorry, my mistake, I’ve—got to—go,” and hung up.He even took the drugs people offered him, trying to throw himself into the spirit of the thing: a few hits off a passed joint, a handful of ecstasy pills, a tab of LSD. The LSD briefly made the room writhe and spin around him queasily. The guy who’d given it to him said, “Dude, I think you’re having a bad trip.”“Yeah,” Steve said. “I think so too.” He let himself call it a night and crossed nightclubs off the list.#The second week after Steve walked out of SHIELD, he drove up to Atlantic City and blew $5,000 gambling in a night. It felt almost criminal, even if he had more money in his bank account than he’d be able to spend in the rest of his life, but he let girls blow on his dice at the craps table and bought rounds of drinks, and a small crowd of people formed watching him play, friendly and excited, ready to cheer and give him advice, everyone chatting easily. No one stayed for very long, though, and he ate dinner alone in one of the dozens of restaurants, which all seemed interchangeably neon to him.When he got up to his room, he discovered the casino had sent up a bottle of champagne, which he figured had to mean he’d lost an immoral amount of money even by their standards. He packed his bag and went downstairs to check out.He had to walk through the casino past the slots, which he’d tried to avoid. There was a bank of Captain America machines with a recording of his actual voice from the 1943 newsreel saying “Every dollar is a bullet in the barrel of your best guy’s gun!” that creeped him out every time it went off. Fortunately that wasn’t too often; the machines weren’t very popular next to the giant stand of red-and-gold Iron Man slots. He emerged into the shopping strip walking a little too fast and had to stop before he knocked into a double-column of seniors pouring in off a tour bus.He waited next to a small booth staffed by a tiny old lady who was just sitting in a chair reading a giant paperback romance novel. He glanced over her head at the banner reading AFFINITY in glitzy silver letters, with two posters side by side underneath: They Don’t Need Us... over a picture of two stick figures holding hands, surrounded by family and friends, and the second one of a figure all alone in a black empty space above the words ...But Maybe You Do.He flinched, maybe; anyway some instinct made the little old lady scent blood in the water. Her head came straight up out of her book. Two seconds later she had her hands on his arm and was tugging him inside the booth, stuffing a pamphlet into his hand. “Listen, honey, signing up is free,” she said. “We don’t charge your card unless we find you a match. It takes ten minutes, fifteen minutes, it’s nothing. Come on, sit down: what’s the worst that happens, you meet the love of your life?”He stared at the interview chair: it was a big square thing with leather padding and long cables snaking out to a computer tucked under one side. There were videocameras pointed at it from three different angles and a bank of blinking lights along the top. It looked awful.Then he took a deep breath and sat down in it. “Okay,” he said. “What do I do?”She triumphantly handed him a clipboard with a form to fill out. “Just do that while I set up, then we’ll do the questions.”It seemed to take forever, a computer tablet feeding endless questions that the old lady read out to him slowly and loudly. He half t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

