Work Text:
“Do you ever wonder,” Bucky asked from his place at the counter, “if the real reason we opened up this place was so we’d have a constant stream of coffee?” He was sitting on one of the barstools, a mug in his hand, while Steve idly cleaned the glasses behind the counter.Steve laughed. “We’re in Brooklyn,” he pointed out. “There are easier ways to get coffee 24/7 than running a business.”Normally, Bucky stayed busy back in the kitchen while Steve and their staff took care of the customers, but it was well past their official closing time. The fluorescent lights of the American Diner beat back the muggy, gray Brooklyn night. In the city, it never truly got dark, not with the level of light pollution. Instead, the stars were blocked by a layer of murky smog and cloud. Once, Steve had dreamed of seeing the stars. After years in a desert with a clear night sky and endless sand though, Steve was content to stay inside the four walls of their diner."Yeah, but not good coffee," Bucky pointed out.When they had been younger, living together in a shoebox apartment in Crown Heights, they had learned that good food could satisfy both their bodies and souls. Bucky had learned how to improvise three square meals a day on their budget, while Steve had sat in the air-conditioned public library and learned how to bake pastries that could bring in some supplemental income.Back then, their talents had been cobbled together for each other. It was Steve and Bucky against the world, and that was all that mattered.It wasn't until they came back from the war, battered and exhausted to the core, that Steve realized that they had real profitable talents outside the battlefield.The elbow grease and dedication required to turn the rundown building in the middle of Murray Hill into a functioning diner with a livable apartment on top had taken nearly three months, especially with Bucky still adjusting to his prosthetic arm, but by the end, the pair had a secure building, a workplace, and a home all in one."You're a coffee snob," Steve pointed out."Damn right," Bucky agreed, taking another sip.It was nearly two in the morning, but neither of them suggested that they try to go back to bed. They had been friends for decades, and lovers for half that--at this point, nights like these didn't even require a discussion.A knock on the door brought Steve's attention up from where he had been rubbing a cloth over a glass he had already cleaned twice.The glare from the lights inside the diner made it impossible to see any details about the man standing outside, but the exhausted slump of his shoulders was recognizable even in silhouette.Steve and Bucky exchanged a glance. After a second’s deliberation, Bucky shrugged, and Steve went around the counter to open the door. “You know, we’re technically not open,” Steve told the man, even as he stepped aside to let him through. Warm air swept inside with the man, but Steve firmly closed the door again. The summer night outside was hot and muggy, and Steve was glad that he and Bucky no longer had to rely on rattling fans to keep them cool. One of the main draws of the diner had been its old but functioning central air-conditioning.The man was unsteady as he walked, but he didn’t smell like alcohol. “Coffee?” the man requested. Steve wasn’t sure how much he was processing of his surroundings.In the diner’s light, Steve was able to see that the man was close to their age, possibly slightly older. If he hadn’t had the dark circles under his brown eyes and such a glazed expression, he would have been attractive.Shrugging, Bucky leaned over the counter and grabbed a mug, filling it with the coffee pot he had kept sitting beside him. He set the mug in front of their customer at the bar seat two down, and he immediately snatched it up and drank half in one gulp. Steve returned to his place on the other side of the counter. Even if the man were drunk or on something stronger, Steve was confident in his ability to subdue him before anything bad happened.When the man set down the mug again, it was empty and his eyes already looked slightly clearer. “Um, sorry,” the man said, looking around. “You look like you’re closed.”Steve rolled his eyes, but Bucky cocked his head slightly and examined the other man. “Tony Stark?” he said incredulously.“You know him?” Steve asked, surprised, but then blinked and looked at the customer. “Wait, weapons manufacturer Tony Stark?”“I’m a lot of things,” Stark said. “But I’m not that anymore.”“Right,” Steve said. Stark’s decision to shut down his weapons production had been the talk around base for ages. Stark weapons were expensive but reliable, and most of the guys had been sad to see them go. Steve, who had seen firsthand the kind of damage they could leave in the wrong hands, had been less saddened by the change.Stark was looking around the diner with interest. “Wow, you guys really are closed.”“I told you that,” Steve pointed out.“If you said it pre-coffee, I can guaran
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Diner!AU
no powers!AU
PTSD
Polyamory
Misunderstandings
First Time
Bucky doesn't know how to talk about his feelings
it causes some issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

