Chapter 1





Chapter Text

A waking nightmare.

He’d heard of them but never experienced one himself, at least not of this kind. He’d been living one for the past four years, but that was another story entirely. Brown eyes blinked and he shook his head to clear his thoughts. Those memories were not for here, not now. Anthony ‘Tony’ Stark stood contemplating the scepter in front of him, studying it. Meanwhile doing his best to shake the remnants of what had felt more like a vision than a nightmare.
A staff of solid gold, smooth and graceful looking, with a deadly curved blade framing a glowing blue stone. He hadn’t seen it in a few years, having never assisted S.H.I.E.L.D in their assessment of the foreign object. Now here it was, innocently glowing in a force-field cage in the tiny country of Sokovia. Of course HYDRA had gotten their sticky hands on it, they were buried in every government organization on the planet and then some probably. The scepter had disappeared almost immediately post-New York, much to their resident thunder god’s ire.
About to remove the scepter from its cage, Tony’s headset chimed in his ear. He tapped it with a finger and said, “Stark.”
“Tony, we need your assistance! There’s some kind of fight going on in the room we’re in. They’re not doing any damage but we’re getting caught in the midst of it,” the voice of Steve Rogers piped up in his ear.
Tony gave a slightly exaggerated sigh. “On my way, Rogers. I need to secure the scepter and I’ll head your way.”
He cancelled the call without any further ado, not concerned in the slightest if Rogers’ feathers were ruffled at his lack of manners.
He turned back to the suit still standing in sentry mode and ordered, “JARVIS, send one of our express packages to my location, pronto.”
“Yes sir,” the cool-toned AI replied.
Just a few moments later Tony could hear a roar of rockets and jerked out of the way, just avoiding a tall red and gold capsule that crashed through a window and landed directly where he had been standing. Tony eyed the still-smoking metal warily, taking note of the dent it had punched into the stone floor.
“JARVIS,” he said with a sigh, “I didn’t mean to literally squash me.”
“You did say to your location, sir,” the AI’s reply was almost snide.
Tony sighed, shook his head and stepped forward, tapping a series of keys on a small virtual pin pad that popped up on the side of the capsule. While he was working he muttered about needing to tweak his sarcastic AI, not meaning a word of it. What Tony referred to as his ‘express packages’ were capsules launched via satellite uplink from a forward launch station in Florida on some property he owned. They could be sent anywhere in the world with a few keystrokes or a verbal command to his AI.
He popped open the hatch and cautiously walked over, examining the security system on the scepter. Snorting, he walked over, stepped into the Iron Man armor waiting for him and carefully aimed a repulsor blast at the reinforced cording running from the cage. With an audible crackle the security system overloaded and failed, Tony stepping forward to take the scepter into his gloved hand cautiously. The number of times he had warned Tony not to touch possibly cursed objects…
Tony put the scepter into the capsule and closed the door, locking down the system. “Send this to the Quinjet, JARVIS. Set it down next to the plane, not through it, pretty please?”
“Yes sir.”
Once the capsule had launched, Tony flicked down the faceplate on his helmet and rocketed through the same window the capsule had all but destroyed. Once clear of the actual castle HYDRA had been operating out of, he hovered in mid-air, talking again to the AI as he casually shot a few random rockets out of the air. His red and gold suits were like beacons for trouble, but hey, they were flashy.
“Link into the team’s earpieces and give me a location.”
“The majority of them are in the building in front of you, sir. There is a lot of heat emissions from the building, based on their signatures there is quite a lot of live weapons fire.”
“Very well,” Tony replied. “Is the roof enforced?”
“No, sir.”
Tony swiftly changed direction and flew rapidly directly towards the roof, firing a single blast from his right hand that blew out a small chunk, weakening the structure and allowing the entire section of the roof to cave in as he sped through. Spotting several HYDRA agents blinking at the sudden invasion of sunlight, he fired a single rocket at a small container next to them and blew the entire party up. It also produced quite a bit of smoke, but his infrared radar informed him there were no other warm bodies behind the smoke.
“Finally decided to join the party, Tony?” Natasha said in his ear.
“Well you know me, can’t miss a party,” Tony replied cheekily. “What’s going on?”
“This fight was already going when we came into the room, though it has grown exponentially,” Natasha said. Tony flicked his eyes in a few directions before finding the red-hea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Harry Potter
Bruce Banner/Hermione Granger
James Rhodes/Pepper Potts
Draco Malfoy/Luna Lovegood

freeform: 
M rating mostly for language
I mean it's Tony Stark
first MCU fic
Possibly OOC
Team Tony
Tony deserves better
Natasha's awesome
Nick is Kingsley's older brother
MCU shenanigans
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
trying not to bash characters
Steve gets better
altered HP events
Bad Ministry of Magic
Molly Weasley Bashing (mentioned)
Albus Dumbledore bashing (mentioned)
HP plothole fixed
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
NaNoWriMo 2019
Don't post off-site without permission
Ron Weasley Bashing
discreet Mpreg
Bottom!Harry

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Harry Potter
Bruce Banner/Hermione Granger
James Rhodes/Pepper Potts
Draco Malfoy/Luna Lovegood

