Work Text:
The countryside rushes past the outside of the train, green and gold a characterless blur of farmland. Beside him, Charles has been silent for most of the journey, hours passing without a single word. It surprises Erik how comfortable he feels with that; there's no push to find a topic of conversation. He leaves Charles with his thoughts, deep as they are.Finally stirring beside him, Charles turns his body towards Erik with controlled determination. "Erik, I ought to warn you of something before we reach New York," he says. "It's been a long time since I've been in a city this big. Oxford hardly compares."Erik's face moves, unable to pick an expression. His mouth half-curves into a smile. "Are you worried you'll get lost?""In a way," Charles says. His wide blue eyes are all too sincere. It would be impossible to look away. "My control over my ability may be tested - so many people, so many thoughts. Keeping them all out... It's difficult."Erik's difficulty has always been with limitations; he always wants more of it, not less. "What might happen?"Charles holds his hand between them, two fingers extended. "May I?" he asks, not putting the rest of his request into words. The carriage around them is busy, not a single empty seat nearby. Too many unevolved people; too much risk.When Erik nods, he feels the warmth of Charles's fingertips against his temple, and then the bright onslaught of a memory that isn't his own; a teenager falling to his knees in the centre of the hotel lobby, sound and emotions and thoughts and images assaulting his mind. It's impossible to escape, too loud, too much; god, is there no happiness in this city? He places his hands against his forehead, nails digging into the skin, his eyes screwed shut, his throat raw from shouting, but nothing helps, nothing can drown it out. His mother's hands claw at his arms, trying to yank him back to his feet. "Charles, please, you're causing a scene," she hisses at him between clenched teeth, her cheeks flaming in embarrassment, but he can hardly hear her spoken words, overwhelmed by her desire to leave him there, to turn her back and pretend he isn't hers.Charles pulls his fingers back from Erik's temple, placing his hands back in his lap. Erik's heart races as if he's been running for miles; a phantom ache throbs in his head. "I've taken cares to avoid over-populated areas since then," Charles says. Erik can hardly focus on what is being said; his mind feels cracked open. "I've had a few trips to London, but I've never stayed for very long. People stack on top of people; the Empire State Building alone has over one hundred floors. That's a lot of thoughts."Erik wants to ask him how he managed to cope; just that glimpse, a single shared memory, has left him flustered and unsettled - and, day to day, Charles is polite and enthusiastic, and far calmer than Erik could imagine."What should I do?" he asks instead. Practicalities are more important than ponderings. "If this happens, how do I stop it?"Charles's eyes slip away from him, and the creases in his brow tighten. Erik is struck with the desire to reach out and soothe them away, to run his thumb along the tense space between Charles's eyebrows and stroke until he melts like liquid metal into his hands. The desire causes a frown of his own; it's been a long time since he's felt anything like that.Charles doesn't seem to have an answer for him, worrying his bottom lip instead."I'll rephrase," Erik suggests. "How did it stop last time?"Charles shakes his head. "It didn't," he says. "I was in hospital for a week, screaming. When they transferred me out of the city, closer to home, the voices faded."Erik can see the click as his jaw clenches; for all his air of easy openness, sharing his own weaknesses and failures is a tricky thing for Charles Xavier. It's plain to any observer. Wrapped in layers of self-confidence and arrogance, it's a wicked thing to have to pierce it yourself."You'll have to learn to control it this time," he says. They can't afford to have their mission pushed back. Control is important; over a power like Charles's, it's especially so.More than that, however, Erik doesn't think he could stand to watch Charles in such pain. The memory that has been shared with him is like a jagged rock in his brain, ripping everything around it. He has suffered a thousand hurts of his own and he has inflicted a thousand more onto others. Watching Charles, his brilliant and naive saviour, fall apart in front of him might just be too much to take.*The first few hours in the city are a scattered mesh of travel, running into metaphorical roadblock after roadblock: people who have moved on since Charles located them, who remain blank-faced and purposefully unresponsive in the face of shared demonstrations of powers, who tell them they're not interested in being discovered. It's disheartening - but just meeting them, seeing them, sensing them, it's enough to make Erik feel alive: connected.(you a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Telepathy
Restraints
Community: kink_bingo

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

