Work Text:


I.
“Stop smiling like that,” Erik said gruffly, as he followed Charles out onto the tarmac where the newly repaired Blackbird was waiting.  “You've been smug for days.  It puts my teeth on edge.”Charles made a vague, dismissive flutter of his fingers.  “It's nice to feel validated.”“At your age? A telepath should have grown used to feeling validated by now.” The meeting with the CIA had been tense but constructive, and cautious thanks had even been forwarded, if in an insultingly tentative manner, at the very end of it, as though the fat, uniformed humans that had peered superciliously down the length of the boardroom table at them had been the ones sweating and bleeding on a beach south of their borders, staring down two world powers with only a handful of children at their back.  Erik would have sneered, if Charles' presence wasn't a constant murmuring, soothing, cajoling presence at the back of his mind.Politics permeated every aspect of America's so-called democracy on every level of its inefficient bureaucracy, but Erik couldn't help but feel that it had been a sharp twist of chance that had shunted them away from another fate, on a Cuban beach, not even a week ago, watched by two fleets of warships from different nations.Moira had somehow talked her superiors into taking credit for stopping a 'neo-Nazi' plot to sabotage 'peace' between America and Russia, Shaw's body was identified as Schmidt's with the aid of early, grainy photographs in the CIA's possession, and a cadre of Nazi gold was shortly after 'conveniently' found to seal the deal.  Erik rather missed the gold, not so much for what it was worth, but for the reminder that it was, but he knew that that was now an older war, different, entombed for him now with Shaw's death.And so Charles had, amazingly enough, despite his gentle, frustrating breed of stubbornness, gotten everything that he had wanted.  “They said that the President wants to meet us next week.”“I have good ears and a good memory.” Erik had personally thought that it was a trap, but Charles had projected a warm, sudden buzz of happiness towards him when the CIA director had reluctantly mentioned it, and he'd held his tongue then.Charles sighed, but waited until they had embarked the Blackbird before turning around to look at him.  “Good things can happen to us all, Erik.  To you.  There are happy endings.”“Perish the thought,” Raven muttered, somewhere near the cockpit, but Charles ignored his foster sister, grasping Erik's roughened right hand firmly with his soft fingers, seemingly oblivious to Erik's flinch.“We've done it, you and I, don't you see? We've been accepted, in the way that I knew that we would be.”“For now.” Erik shook his head.  “They're afraid of us, for now, because they don't understand us.  They don't know what we can do.  Once they find a way to stop us, that's when it'll all change.  People fear and oppress the different.  Just look at how those humans in power treat their own minority races.”“Could we at least wait to get home first before arguing? Please?” Sean asked, a little plaintively, next to Raven, then he added, “What?” when Alex elbowed him in the ribs.  “Mommy and Daddy are fighting.  Not cool.” Raven rolled her eyes.Charles lowered his voice, but the warm blanket of contentment had flared into the passionate intensity that Charles occasionally allowed the world to see, the rich welter of emotion that Erik didn't require telepathy to sense, that painted lustre onto brilliant blue eyes and a most becoming flush onto pale cheeks, that made his breath catch and his heart quicken.“You're wrong,” Charles said firmly, and for a moment, Erik wished that he'd brought the helmet that Charles hated, it had to be obvious to Charles what the unlikely edge of steel in his voice was doing to Erik, surely.  “People evolve.  We have evolved for centuries.  Society betters itself.  All it needs is example.  Proof that we aren't to be feared.”In the camps, with Schmidt, Erik had learned that if he wanted something, it was best to let it go, or it would be taken from him, dangled before him, and eventually taken apart.  After the camps, chasing his vengeance, Erik had learned that if he wanted something, it was better to set it aside, or it would distract him, turn his focus, create choices where there didn't have to be any, or worse of all, he'd end up corrupting it to his purpose.  He had met good people before, in the course of his search, when he'd volunteered now and then at survivor's camps to glean information and gain connections, and he had usually avoided them, not wanting to affect them with the trouble that he usually brought in his wake.Erik recognised that there were good people in the world.  Unlike Charles, he also recognised that they tended to be fragile anomalies.His silence had stretched longer than it should; Charles smiled tentatively at him, as though the young professor had won some sort of personal victory, and the fingers on his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Slash
alternative universe

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

