Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve stared down into the liquid pools of Tony’s eyes, tracing their edges lightly with his finger.  He gently brushed against one crease, a smile starting to crinkle around Tony’s eyes, and moved his charcoal pencil back into position to refine the image a bit.  He could never quite get the expression on Tony’s face just right.  It probably had something to do with the fact that Tony was movement given form, whatever his expression was one moment, the next emotion was already bleeding into it, leaving it impossible to truly capture on the page.  Didn’t stop Steve from trying though.  Again, and again, and again, he thought with a sigh.  Glancing up from his position on the sofa in Tony’s workshop, he realized Tony was still talking to him.  Or at him.  It was hard to tell sometimes.  Generally, a response from Steve wasn’t required, though he knew Tony enjoyed the company more than he’d admit.  Or maybe he just liked an audience.  Again, Steve was left with shifting sands under his feet, never quite able to find any sense of solid ground with Tony.This happened to be one of those rare occasions when Steve’s input was not only requested, but desperately needed because Tony was ordering pizza, or, rather, ordering JARVIS to order pizza, and if left to his own devices, there was no telling what they’d end up with.  The pineapple debacle was still too fresh in his mind. “Something with veggies, please, JARVIS,” Steve requested, ignoring Tony’s mock indignant look from where he was perched on his workstation stool. “Fine, fine, throw some rabbit food on there for Spangles here, J,” Tony grumbled, but he did it, so Steve took that as a win.  Tony could be oddly solicitous at times. After New York and the Mandarin and Bucky…somewhere in there, Steve had learned to tell when Tony was teasing him good-naturedly, which was most of the time, it turned out, and when Tony was actually being unkind, which was surprisingly rare.  And God forbid anyone else tease Steve or make any ‘Man out of Time’ references.  At first, Steve had assumed Tony was just annoyed he hadn’t been the one to think of it when a reporter or whomever would make some crack about Steve’s presumed lack of knowledge about twenty-first century pop culture, but he’d long ago realized that Tony was actually rather endearingly protective when it came to the Avengers. Catching sight of one of Steve’s now rather infamous “Things I Missed” lists, Tony had snatched it away and cackled like a madman before crossing off things he disagreed with and making his own additions.  But once Tony took some ownership of the List, he’d gone all in, Steve would give him that.  Weekly movie nights, the odd book club meeting that sometimes ended in Thor dabbing at his eyes after an impassioned discussion of Noah and Allie and their beautiful Notebook of love.  Steve wasn’t quite sure if Natasha put him up to that or not, but he was in full support of anything that made Tony get so frustrated as to actually lose the ability to speak.  Good times.  Steve had just nodded in sympathy and murmured  how much he admired the couple’s “deep and abiding love,” while Tony threw his hands up in the air, huffed “Plebeians!” at them and left the room as gales of laughter followed him down the hall.  For all Tony liked to poke fun at Steve’s lack of modernity, last Halloween, Tony had dressed up as the Scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz, which he insisted was ironic, and came sauntering into the party at the Tower, tapping Steve on the shoulder with a quick, “You get this one, right?” before moving on to generally behaving as if he actually didn’t have a brain.  Steve was left with the strange feeling that Tony had selected the costume, in a twisted way that would only make sense to Tony, on his account. Steve had worn a replica Brooklyn Dodgers uniform.  Tony spent much of the evening making wildly inappropriate comments about pitching and catching that left Steve attempting to frown with disapproval while simultaneously trying desperately not to let a laugh escape.  Sometimes Tony said things to get a rise out of Steve, and more often than not, Steve could ignore him.  He knew it wasn’t exactly Tony being mean, more like Tony behaving like a two year old and testing his limits.  Next thing, he’d be throwing things on the floor at the dinner table to see if Steve would pick them up.   Which, let’s face it, Steve knew he probably would.  Steve had been leaning against the wall, tossing a baseball into his waiting glove when he happened to look up at Tony, who was doing nothing more remarkable than holding a Jack-o-Lantern and reciting Hamlet, and thought, I think I might be in love with him.So, that happened.He’d expected it to be awkward after this realization, but it turned out that being in love with Tony was an awful lot like enjoying his company and wanting to spend time with him and finding him funny and charming and generally being annoyed when Tony ditched
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
Sexual Fantasy
Masturbation
Steve Feels
Jealous Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Virgin Steve Rogers
Pining Steve Rogers
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

