Work Text:
Sometimes Sam Wilson feels like he’s falling.It’s like his wings aren’t there, his suit isn’t working. He’s plummeting a hundred miles an hour with no one but the wind to catch him. Other times it feels like he’s there, in the sky, diving faster and faster in a desperate attempt to catch whoever is underneath him. Occasionally, he sees Riley with his broken wings, or Steve jumping from that damn helicarrier—He’s always been just a bit too slow to catch them.Then he wakes up. Captain America’s shield lays inconspicuously by his bedside and he remembers that, yeah, he had been too slow to catch them. He had been too slow to catch Riley, too slow to stop Thanos (and, as a cause, not strong enough to save Natasha or Stark or half the universe). And Steve? Well, that’s an entirely different situation of in itself but it doesn’t once stop the guilt of seeing his friend slowly wither away.The only other person that understands this clusterfuck of a situation, Sam has found, is James Buchanan Barnes.It’s ironic, really, because Sam’s never been a fan of the Winter Soldier. He went along with Steve’s bullshit plan because it had been Steve. Now, with Steve gone and the team in splinters, Sam finds that Bucky is a surprisingly decent person when he’s not being a pain in the ass at any given hour.Coincidently, Sam found the form of a roommate for his Brookyn apartment in one Bucky Barnes. At first, it had been because they both of them were trying to take care of Steve together because—holy shit, time travel is still a lot to think about—Steve is old now. Then it turned into trying to fix what’s left of a broken world together and, well, Bucky seems inclined to stay and Sam never tries to kick him out.(Sam’s not heartless. He knows that Steve was all Bucky had left in this time period so he opens his home and isn’t once surprised that Bucky just doesn’t leave. It works out for the both of them, after all.)Rescue ops, relief efforts, super-villains. It’s been eight months since the war, since everyone came back, but eight months is not enough time to distribute the little resources they have for a population that more than doubled in size. He and Bucky are running just about every operation imaginable with little time to spare and absolutely no team to lean back on.(Tony Stark is dead. Natasha Romanoff is dead. Vision is dead. Clint is retired. Wanda is missing. Bruce is grounded due to injuries. Captain Marvel and Thor are both off world. T’Challa has his own country to attend to. Steve isn’t quite dead, but, well, with his age Sam doesn’t expect him to last much longer. Together, it paints a very dull picture for the future of the Avengers.)Crime, too, is at its highest ever—a combination of lack of resources, losing housing, finding out who lived and who died—but that’s what Spider-Man is for. Sam is grateful for that at least, even if Spider-Man is an annoying little shit. (He’s not still bitter about Germany. He’s not bitter about being knocked around in that Berlin airport despite the fact that Spider-Man had appeared only six months beforehand. He’s not.)At least, that’s what Sam tells himself as he wanders into the living room to rest—finally!—for the first time that week. He flicks on the television without a thought, places a cup of water on the coffee table and collapses on the couch. He opens his phone, scrolls through his notifications, and is content to not pay attention to the world.A new section of his story starts, like most other and life-changing happenstances of the world, with the news.Same’s not quite sure what catches his attention first. Possibly the Breaking News coming from the news anchor on the screen, or possibly the familiar figure of Spider-Man in London of all places. Possibly it’s the grim tone declaring that Spider-Man, local hero and resident pain in the ass, is wanted for the murder of hundreds of people after ordering a drone strike on the capital of the United Kingdom.The words bur together just the slightest amount with the sudden dread that curls in his stomach. “—with NBC news reporting live in New York City. Following the release of footage captured by locally acclaimed hero Mysterio, Spider-Man is revealed to be sixteen-year-old high school student Peter Parker. His last known sighting was earlier this afternoon in Times Square. If anyone has any information on his whereabouts, please report it to your local police station—”A high school yearbook picture of a kid pops up on TV. He knows that kid. That’s the very same kid that stood in the front of Stark’s funeral with tears in his eyes and never once spoke a word to anyone. It hadn’t been weird at the time but now, eight months later with a picture of Spider-Man flashing in the dim light of his humble Brooklyn apartment, Sam doesn’t ever think he’s ever been so unaware.Sam Wilson drops the remote. “What the fuck?”“Are you yelling at the TV again?” Bucky calls from the other side of the apartment.Sam had forgotten abo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Team as Family
Fluff and Angst
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home Mid-Credits Scene
Found Family
Identity Reveal
(did i rlly write a fic if it doesnt have some sort of identity reveal)
sam and bucky are roommates
(oh my god they were roommates)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

