Work Text:

A knock interrupted Steve’s train of thought, and he groaned, dropping the pen and leaning back. He wasn’t getting anything done anyway, and there was really only one person who’d be knocking at the door after he’d snapped at everybody else with his foul mood. “Come in,” he called, running a frustrated hand through his hair. 

Tony peeked his head in, smiling nervously. “Alpha?” he asked quietly. “You okay?”

Steve tugged on his hair before letting go with a huff and gesturing for Tony to come in. “Come in, sweetheart, no need to stand outside.”

Tony walked in and moved to behind the desk where Steve dropped his knees open comfortably, squeezing Tony’s waist and growling as Tony leaned down to scent him. “You okay?” his mate asked again and he groaned. 

“I’m alright,” he said gratifyingly. “Just--stressed is all.”

“Oh,” Tony said, and Steve reached up to cup Tony’s cheek unconsciously. Tony looked disappointed and he was wringing his hands like he needed something but was too scared to ask for it. 

“Sweetheart?”

“I dunno, I just—” Tony wrung his hands and dropped his head as tears began to well up, overwhelmed. “I don’t—”

“Oh, baby boy,” Steve said. “Why didn’tcha come ‘ta me earlier?”

Tony shrugged. “Thought you were busy. An’ Nat told me that you were stressed an’ all, and I didn’t wanna bother you.”

“Oh sweetheart,” Steve said, his heart aching. Was he acting too busy? He had spent a lot of time at work the last couple of days--weeks really if he counted the business trip, though Tony had come with him. 

Shit.

He was gonna have to change that. “I’m sorry that I made you feel that way, bay boy, but I’m never too busy for ya.” He leaned up to kiss Tony’s cheek tenderly. “But I’m guessing you wan’ed somethin’ different baby boy.” He dropped his tone deliberately. “You wanna tell Daddy what you want?”

Tony shifted and Steve smiled as his ears turned red. “Wan’--Wan’ you to take care of me.”

“You want my knot?” Steve growled under his breath, dropping his hand to squeeze at Tony’s ass. “That it?”

Tony panted and wiggled eagerly in his grip, whining high in his throat. “Uh-huh,” he panted. “I don’t, I wanna—”

“Oh sweet boy,” Steve purred and pushed his chair from the desk to ruck his baby boy’s dress up and feel for his backless panties. “Y’know Daddy’s always happy to help you.”

Tony flushed. “I just--you were busy, and I thought—”

“I’m never too busy for you,” Steve crooned and kept Tony’s skirt up to unbuckle his own pants. “‘S a good thing you shut the door sweetie, what if someone came in here and saw you with your skirt up, baby?” He gasped in mock surprise as Tony’s cheeks flushed and he eased two fingers into Tony’s already sopping hole. “Christ, they’d know how randy my sweet omega is, huh?” He drove his fingers in with a loud squelching noise and snorted as Tony groaned and flushed, arms dropping. “Uh-uh,” he tutted, masking his grin and resisting the urge to palm his cock. “Keep your skirt up, and turn around.”

Tony burned with embarrassment. He shuffled around and hiked his dress up more. Steve fingered him idly and held him up as Tony wobbled and whimpered at every brush of his prostate. “Daddy,” he whimpered after minutes of the teasing. “Please.”

“What, baby boy, maybe I like teasin’ ya.”

Tony whimpered and rolled his head, jerking as Steve began to massage his prostate with steady hands. “Daddy!”

“Right, right,” he mock-grumbled and pushed Tony’s dress up all the way to ease him onto Steve’s cock and pound up a little bit. “Christ, maybe I gotta get you a plug baby,” he remarked idly as he rubbed Tony’s caged cock, knowing the dirty talk got Tony going more than anything.

(Except for maybe his dick, but that was sort of included with the dirty talk.)

“What’s the point of Daddy fucking you if your little pussy is gonna drip over everything anyway?” he punctuated his words with a sharp snap up and Tony whimpered, clenching his eyes shut. 

“Sorry, Daddy,” Tony clutched at his shoulders as Steve’s knot bumped his hole and Steve tightened his grip on Tony’s waist.

“Oh, it’s not your fault,” he crooned. His poor baby’s cunt was so young, it wasn’t all trained to just drip for his Daddy’s cock. “I know your cunt just isn’t trained enough, baby, it’s just learning.”

Tony’s face was burning. “Okay,” he whispered. He was starting to circle his hips down on his cock like he was actually in control, and Steve halted him with one arm. 

“Uh-uh-uh,” he tutted with mock amusement, “What’chu doin’ baby boy? You know this pussy is just for Daddy ain’t it? That’s why I got you in your pretty little cage, don’t I? Cause your orgasms belong to me, don't they, jus’ like the rest of you?”

Tony cried out, squirming as Steve stopped helping him. "Daddy," he panted, twisting to look at him with tears in his eyes. "Wh-What--"

"When I ask a question," he rumbled, smacking his ass as keeping Tony down as he whined. "I expect an answer. You belong to me, don'tcha?"

"Uh-huh," 
Tony whi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Cock Warming
Cock Warmer Tony Stark
CEO Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Crossdressing
Lingerie
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Cock Cages
Established Relationship
Semi-Public Sex
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Cock Slut
I suck at titles
sorry - Freeform
Dirty Talk
Top Steve Rogers
Daddy Kink
Feminization

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

