Chapter 1: Cat Scratch
    




Chapter Text

“Again, I just want to say thanks Ladybug.” It had happened again, another akuma attack thus requiring both Chat Noir and Ladybug to come and save the day. This time, the Akuma had been a student who had been envious of Luka for his talent when it came to music and thanks to Hawkmoth the student gained the power to entice others with their songs, and then sent them after Luka. It was once more thanks to the combined efforts of Chat and his lady that they were able to hold off the hypnotized students and get Luka to safety and figure out how to take down the Akumatized student and set him free and fix everything. Now, you’d think that things would be all fine and dandy after everything went back to normal..that was not the case. 

 

After the events of the akuma, Luka had been making passes at Ladybug every moment that he could, and with every pass at his lady Chat felt his temper slowly boiling, and if it wasn’t enough his lady was blushing and getting flustered. Chat had always proven to be one to keep his head, and be a cool cat when it came to his temper, but Luka seemed to have a way of pressing the buttons that were just so he could piss chat off. It wasn’t enough the teen thought he could flirt with Ladybug, but that he had the nerve, the gaul, the shere brass iron balls to do it in front of Chat and not give a damn is what pissed the cat themed hero off.

 

“Honestly, you truly are an angel upon Paris.” Luka smiled, one hand holding Ladybug’s as he gently pressed his lips to her knuckles. “Your beauty, your brains, and your charm are a gift that make you truly unique.” His eyes had a glimmer to them, a glimmer that Ladybug couldn’t help but find to be attractive to the point it almost made her weak in the knees. “I would like to ask for one thing before you go.” Chat rolled his eyes, and felt his stomach do flips honestly what was he going to ask her for now. “Could I kiss you?”

 

A beat passed, and there was a moment that Chat thought he had heard wrong. He could have sworn he had heard Luka just asked Ladybug for a- “you didn’t hear wrong my dear Ladybug what I want from you is a kiss.” Luka smirked moving closer to Ladybug who was turning as red as her costume.

 

Chat was furious and ready to pounce, how dare this this boy make a move on his lady, well the only thing keeping him from saying something is the fact Ladybug would turn him down the same as she does to himself.

 

“W-Well.” Chat’s heart skipped a beat. “I-I mean..one kiss couldn’t hurt.” She said rubbing the back of her head as she looked at Luka. “Just one kiss?”

 

“Just one, unless you beg for more~” Purred Luka leaning in closer to get his kiss.

 

Chat was frozen she was kissing him, no this could not be true, his green eyes narrowed he would have to deal with this problem.

 

As Luka leaned in, Ladybug was doing the same both of them closing their eyes as their lips began to inch closer and closer to one another ready to press against one another.

 

“LADYBUG your time is almost up,” Chat shouted thankful he did not use his Cataclysm this time so he was not in danger of timing out.

 

Ladybug’s eyes widen, her hands flying up to her earrings which she had almost forgotten. “S-Sorry Luka m-maybe next time.” She was stopped as Luka stole a quick kiss from her. 

 

“Go on and go my lady.” Chat’s eyes went wide and his lips pulled back into a snarl. “Next time we shall get to that kiss.” He said as Ladybug blushed and whipped out her yo-yo and swung off the scene. “Ah, to kiss the great Ladybug how simply wonderful.”

 

“We need to Talk Luka,” Chat said moving towards the other male a glare in his green eyes.

 

Luka turned towards Chat, his lips pulled back into a snake like grin one that was infuriating Chat. “Something wrong little kitty? You look like someone just took your bowl of milk away.” He teased. 

 

“Follow me,” Chat said knowing there was a flat close by his mother had bought for him that he could use to tell the older male to back off of Ladybug.

 

Following behind Chat, Luka’s grin never wavered as he was snickering to himself. How could he not, after all he had obviously set off the cat themed and gotten under his skin something he found easy to do. “I hope you didn’t mind Chat.” Luka said. “I mean with the fact that Ladybug didn’t seem to mind the kiss I hope this doesn’t give us any bad blood, though between you and me her lips were very soft, and she tasted very sweet.” He purred his tongue licking his lips. 

 

Entering a flat Chat quickly slammed the door shut and licked it, before Luka even had a chance to ask why Chat pounced with a low growling hiss and  slammed Luka against the wall, “Ladybug is mine, she is 

my 

lady, 

my 

partner! Not yours not anyone else’s!” His green eyes were glowing as his pupils were pinprick slits his lips pulled back exposing his fang like teeth. “So get the point? Stop messing with her or else!” He hissed holding u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir/Luka Couffaine
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle/Ginny Weasley
Goblins/Harry Potter
Misawa Daichi | Bastion Misawa/Yuuki Juudai | Jaden Yuki
Matt McGinnis/Terry McGinnis
Black Star/Soul Eater Evans
Hogarth Hughes/Dean McCoppin
Hyoudou Issei/Kiba Yuuto
Brad Carbunkle/Sheldon Oswald Lee/Tuck Carbunkle
Kaiba Mokuba/Kaiba Seto
Emperor/Tatsumi
Adam Lyon/Jake Spidermonkey
Fiskerton Saturday/Zak Saturday
Jonathan Kent/Damian Wayne
Dipper Pines/Robbie Valentino
Kumatetsu/Kyuuta | Ren (Bakemono no Ko)
Noah Nixon/Rex Salazar
Ron Stoppable/Artie Smarty
Higurashi Souta/InuYasha

freeform: 
Dom/sub
straight to gay
Piercings
hardcore dirty talk
Self-Lubrication
Stomach Deformation
Dry Orgasm
Squirting
Rough Sex
Foreplay
Anal Sex
Public Sex
Transgender
Feminization
Mind Control
Hypnosis
Brainwashing
Naga
Rape/Non-con Elements
Sexual Slavery
Slave Harry
streaking
Exhibitionism
Incest
Body Modification
Large Cock
Massive Cum Load
Sibling Incest
Public Humiliation
Humiliation
Tattoos
Symbiote - Freeform
Latex
Muscles
Muscle Growth
Harness
Accidental Voyeurism
Lust
Hung Shota
Watersports
Sharing a Bed
Bedwetting
Hempheradite
Vaginal Sex
Anthropomorphic
Mating Cycles/In Heat
adoptive incest
Day At The Beach
Beach Sex
Sex Toys
Masochism
Cock & Ball Torture

fandom: 
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir/Luka Couffaine
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle/Ginny Weasley
Goblins/Harry Potter
Misawa Daichi | Bastion Misawa/Yuuki Juudai | Jaden Yuki
Matt McGinnis/Terry McGinnis
Black Star/Soul Eater Evans
Hogarth Hughes/Dean McCoppin
Hyoudou Issei/Kiba Yuuto
Brad Carbunkle/Sheldon Oswald Lee/Tuck Carbunkle
Kaiba Mokuba/Kaiba Seto
Emperor/Tatsumi
Adam Lyon/Jake Spidermonkey
Fiskerton Saturday/Zak Saturday
Jonathan Kent/Damian Wayne
Dipper Pines/Robbie Valentino
Kumatetsu/Kyuuta | Ren (Bakemono no Ko)
Noah Nixon/Rex Salazar
Ron Stoppable/Artie Smarty
Higurashi Souta/InuYasha

