Chapter 1: A First Time for Everything
    




Chapter Text
Steve moaned as he was slammed against the wall. Underneath them the bass continued to pound from the speakers, and the vibrations carried up through the walls and thrummed against his back. That combined with the lips on his and the hands on his hips were giving him marvelous feelings.It was the night of graduation and there was a huge party for all the seniors at one of the jocks’ house. Steve had agreed to go, only because Bucky and the football team were helping host it and Bucky had insisted that Steve needed to get out there and “make something out of high school”, whatever that meant.At first it had been awful, just sitting around grimacing when the music got too loud and drinking shitty beer from plastic cups. But then he’d started drinking more beer, because he figured that if he drank enough he’d become immune to the noise, and it turned out he was right. And after that the party hadn’t been so bad.It had gotten considerably better when he felt someone’s hands on his waist and warm breath on his neck. “What’re you doing all alone over here, hot stuff?” someone had whispered. Steve had turned, and standing there grinning at him was none other than Tony Stark.Beautiful, wonderful Tony with his dark hair and gleaming eyes and wicked grin, who was one of the most popular guys in school. And who Steve had carried a massive crush for since freshman year science class. Tony was confident, arrogant, and a certified genius, and Steve had taken one look at him and his self-assured smirk and fallen madly in love.“Wanna dance, cutie pie?” Tony asked. Steve nodded and Tony handed him another drink and pulled him over to the dance floor. Some thumping, bass- heavy song was playing now, and Tony tugged Steve’s hand until their bodies were pressed closely together. Steve swayed his hips a bit, putting a hand around Tony’s neck. Tony gripped Steve’s hips and swayed with him, close and hot and so nice. “Shame I can’t see more of you in this light,” he said in Steve’s ear, keeping their bodies pressed close together. “All I can get a good look at are those gorgeous baby blues. Bet you’re a cutie all over, huh?”He didn’t know who Steve was. He almost sighed in relief. It figured, since they’d really only had one class together before Tony started taking all advanced and AP courses. Besides, why would someone perfect and beautiful like Tony notice a scrawny nobody like Steve unless he was completely wasted?Which he apparently was, even though he was handling his booze surprisingly well. There was a glaze in his eyes and he stumbled every once in a while, but Steve probably looked the same right about now so he couldn’t really judge. Besides, the extra shine in Tony’s eyes made the gold flecks in them pop out and that made Steve’s heart speed up.“Feel like having some fun?” Steve managed to blurt out. In the dim light, he saw Tony grin wickedly and swallowed his nerves down with another gulp of beer. “You know what they say about going out with a bang.”Tony laughed, loud and clear. He wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist and nuzzled at his neck. “I like your attitude, sunshine. Sounds like a plan to me. What do you say, feel like getting out of here and going someplace a little quieter?” And Steve really couldn’t say no to that.And now they were in someone’s dark bedroom, and Steve was pushed against a wall with Tony grinding against him and biting at his neck. Progress.Steve knew Tony was drunk, and he knew he was drunk, but he couldn’t bring himself to care because in the fall Steve was joining the Army and Tony was going to MIT and they’d probably never see each other again, and damned if he didn’t want this more than anything right now. So he let Tony guide him to the bed and fell back against the covers with a sigh. He might just be some skinny, small asthmatic with a big mouth, but if he could just have this one night to remember he was pretty sure his life would be complete.Tony mouthed his way back up Steve’s neck, nipping little bites and kisses along Steve’s jaw. Steve felt him grin against his skin when he let out another soft moan. “Fuck, that’s a really hot sound, gorgeous,” Tony murmured. “Do it again, would you?” He bit under Steve’s ear and sucked a little bruise there, and Steve moaned for him again. “That’s it, just like that.”Steve slid his hands underneath Tony’s shirt and bit his lip at the feel of smooth, warm skin underneath his fingers. He was straining against his pants to the point of aching, but he was enjoying this far too much to care. Tony reached down and tore off Steve’s shirt and then his own, and pressed his lips to Steve’s collarbone and bit lightly before sucking, leaving a red mark that Steve was pretty sure would end up bruising. And fuck, the thought of Tony leaving a hickey had him shuddering all over again.And then Tony was unbuckling his belt and sliding it off, and he hooked his thumbs in Steve’s belt loops and pulled 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Superhusbands
Getting Together
First Time
Tony Stark Has A Heart
(but he is still an asshole)
Steve Feels
Smut
Fluff and Smut
guess who's evolved to smut fics bitches
Porn With Plot
fuck buddies
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
(for like half a chapter)
Pet Names
Frak Buddies

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

