Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text




Chapter 1



Boredom did not even begin to describe what Tony Stark felt at the beginning of that evening. Little did he know that because of his actions there, his way of life was about to change forever... And it all started with three little words from himself."Hey there sexy." he said seductively as he walked up to the tall dark haired man that stood in one corner of the room. Tony usually didn't care about gender in the bedroom, so in his minds eye he had no lack of confidence in being able to hit on this guy. The man he approached wore a plain black suit with a white shirt, green vest and a long tailed coat, accompanying a green tie and a fashionable cane which gave him a posh yet sophisticated look. His mid-length coal black hair was neatly slicked back from his face, and his head was tilted at such an angle that to Tony's eyes, the light caught and accented his high cheekbones. Tony himself was wearing a similar outfit, minus the cane, but his shirt was red and he had on a red and gold tie, completely contrasting to the blue glow from his Arc Reactor that shone through from underneath. The colour scheme was similar to his suit, and he took pride in that fact.He had noticed the man eyeing him from the shadows throughout evening, so Tony thought at least saying 'hello' would make this dull party seem more interesting. He had never seen this man before, and was drawn in by curiosity.An amused smirk played at the other man's lips as he stepped forward, leaning down slightly so as to be roughly the same height of the flirtatious man."Hello Mister Stark.""That's me, and what's your name?" Tony said. As their eyes met, piercing green stared curiously into chocolaty brown ones. Mischief seemed to dance around the green iris's that were also, interestingly, flecked with hints of gold. If Tony was some stereotypically love-stricken teenage girl, he may have melted from just that look alone. Instead, he placed his hands in his pockets and attempted to play it cool."What's wrong with sexy?" The man raised a perfect eyebrow and one side of his mouth quirked up in a smirk."Well, nothing, but I'm sure there's a name that goes with that pretty face." He grinned flirtatiously.The man then leant close and breathed a name that left Tony with tingles. "Loki.""Loki..." Tony repeated, liking the way it rolled off his tongue. "That's cool, I've never met a Loki before. Where're you from Loki?""Oh, far away. You wouldn't know where.""Ah, mysterious are we?" Tony raised his own eyebrow and smirked back. "Although please, I prefer Tony. Mister Stark's way too formal.""And what is that short for?" Loki swirled his bourbon round in the glass."Anthony." Tony said with noticeable displeasure. "No one calls me that though, I don't like it.""Well Anthony." Loki held put his hand. "Pleased to meet you."Tony sent him a small glare but took his hand anyway, taking note that (1) he had a strong grip, and (2) that his hands were quite large."A bit dull these parties aren't they?" Tony mused as they both turned to face the rest of the room. "I was planning to do other things tonight but Pepper dragged me out. Apparently it's rude not to turn up to your own charity ball.""Especially when there are these delightful little things." Loki grabbed a caviar blini from a passing platter and popped it into his mouth.Tony's eyes were glued to Loki's lips as they parted, unconsciously and shamelessly licking his own before his eyes darted back up to hold his gaze again and he smiled cheekily."Always so suave, Anthony? You're terrible at it. I wonder how you get anything at all?"Tony snorted. "Please, I'm Tony Stark; genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist." He raised a suggestive eyebrow. "I could always show you first hand?""It appears to be you who needs the lesson. Not all of us need a surname like yours to get what we want.""Oh? You do, do you?" He challenged. "And honey, I wasn't offering to teach." He said as he took a sip of the drink he currently had in his hands.Loki chuckled and took a sip of his drink."So do I take that laugh, which is quite sexy if I'm honest, as a yes?""A yes to what?""Me personally showing you," he paused and leant closer so as to whisper, "how I get some.""You seem very confident."Tony shrugged. "Have you seen me? Plus I'm a superhero, and everyone wants a piece of me." He took another sip of his drink with a smug smile."That we do." Loki smirked into his glass."So...?" Tony asked then sighed and placed his now empty glass on a passing tray. "If you're not interested, then it's not good to get my hopes up. I'm sensitive." He placed a hand over his heart and pulled an expression of mock upset."I said 'we' didn't I? I would so gladly like a piece of you. And I dare say you will be unable to resist" He downed his drink and gave Tony his empty glass "my charm.""Is that so?" Tony said, taking a sma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Mentioned Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (mentioned in final chapters)

freeform: 
Light BDSM
Mpreg
Thor/Avengers storylines involved
Use of toys in later chapter
mainly bottom!Tony
Light Bondage
Fandral flirts a lot (later chapters)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Mentioned Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (mentioned in final chapters)

