Work Text:
Sometimes Steve sees Bucky staring at him. Usually he pretends he doesn’t see, but this morning when he looks up and meets Bucky’s eyes, Bucky doesn’t look away."You look like him," Bucky says. No prompting, no nothing. He just speaks, like this is a thing he does."What?" Steve asks. He didn’t really hear it, too stunned by the fact that words were coming out of Bucky’s mouth to understand their meaning."You look like him. So did Pierce." His voice is soft, gravelly from disuse. "Is that why they picked you?"Steve’s heart plunges like an elevator with the cables cut. “Buck, it is me.”The hard line of Bucky’s mouth softens just a little. “Sure,” he says.Steve stares at him while Bucky eats the last of his breakfast, methodically shoveling oatmeal into his mouth and swallowing. When he’s done, he folds his hands in his lap and stares straight ahead, waiting for instructions.*Steve searches for things only he could possibly know. He tells stories of their life before as if he’s praying. Maybe he is. It wouldn’t be the first time in his life prayer was all he had, probably won’t be the last. One night, Steve suggests they watch Snow White and makes some stupid crack about not having to worry about not getting dive-bombed by dumb birds and Bucky looks at Steve with a frown.“I don’t remember,” he says. Steve holds his breath. “I don’t remember telling anybody about that.”It’s like there’s something stuck between his lungs, like something’s pulling them apart in his chest. “You mean about the bird?” he whispers.Bucky looks at him. Not staring, not really, but looks at him like Steve’s looked at paintings before. Like he’s trying to work out how it’s done. “That little bird,” Steve says quietly. When he speaks, he speaks like the words are a spell or a prayer. Like the words are going to reach into Bucky the way his name once did. Like they’re going to catch his arms and pull him up to safety. This secret they both kept. Something so little, so inconsequential that no one has touched it. “That thing you said you never told anybody about. Do you remember what happened that day?” “We were walking,” Bucky says. “It hit the window beside me.”“Yeah. It hit the window. You went over and picked it up.”“Small. Warm,” Bucky murmurs. “Bad omen.”The softness goes out of Bucky’s face, and his eyes seem to shutter without actually closing. Steve knows there’s no point in talking any more. He puts on the movie, but neither of them actually watch it. *Steve’s discovered Bucky likes perogi and he tracked down the one place in town that makes them by hand, and pickles their own cabbage too. He’s trekked across the city and back, a styrofoam box in his hand. Bucky looks at the food like someone who’s only heard about it, never actually seen it. And then he looks at Steve. “I brought it for you,” Steve says. He doesn’t like them. Didn’t mean to buy the frozen ones that first time, it was an accident. Bucky exhales a long, slow breath and he begins to eat.Steve watches. It’s so rare to see Bucky do anything in a way that betrays pleasure. It’s always eating like an automaton, cleaning the plate or the bowl. It’s always a three minute shower in the morning. It’s always what Steve suggests. But this is, well it’s pleasure. He eats fast, cheeks bulging, a little sour cream on his chin. “Hey, slow down,” Steve says and Bucky looks up and stops chewing. “I mean, don’t choke, okay?” Steve amends. He wishes he hadn’t said anything. There was something childlike about the abandon. “If they’re that good I’ll get you more.”Bucky looks at him, not moving, for a long time and for a moment Steve thinks he might speak. He holds his breath. Slowly, like an engine starting up, Bucky starts chewing again. He eats the last one very slowly, cutting it with the edge of his fork, cutting it and cutting it again, and portioning out the sour cream as if this some miniature feast. Bucky swallows the last morsel, and then a few minutes later he looks up again. His eyes are a little wide, his forehead creased, his mouth a little taut at the corners. “You’re kind,” he says. “So was he.”“Who?” he whispers.Those eyes. They look from side to side, as if he’s trying to untangle something. “Pierce,” he says at last.*Steve spends a fair bit of time in the shower. The bathroom is the only room in the whole place that’s got a lock on the door, and even though it’d take about a half a second for Bucky to take that door off its hinges, at least it feels like privacy. Every night, he turns on the fan and turns on the water and strips and gets in and tries to wash it all away.He stands in the shower, in the steam, with his forehead resting against the tiles, and tries to ignore the way the water doesn’t quite cover the little hitching sounds he makes. Some people are good at it, but Steve never could get the hang of silent crying.* “That bird,” Steve says, because they’ve been silent for two days now, and he’s exhausted by it. “Do you remember that bird? The nigh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Angst
POV Steve Rogers
Birds
Alexander Pierce - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

