Chapter 1



Notes:
Heeeey! Good whatever-part-of-the-day-it-is to you! Welcome to this story! Please read everything below to prevent confusion! Thanks for giving this a look, and I hope you enjoy. ;)Summary: Loki falls into the grasp of Thanos after Thor's failed coronation. Five years later, as Thanos begins to put the Infinity Gauntlet together, Wanda, captured by the Black Order in a failed act of heroism, has the unfortunate pleasure of meeting what remains of him.Disclaimer: I ownth this not.Parings: Jane/Thor, Wanda/Vision, Pepper/TonyWarnings: Some violence, gore, past torture, torture, PTSD, depressive thoughts, Thanos's A+ (sarcastic) parenting, psychological manipulation, and paranoia on my part. No slash, no smut, no non-con, no incest. If further warnings are needed, they will be posted at the top of chapters. ;) Language is all K.NOTES:*Pietro and the the Other aren't dead*"Nova" is Loki, not an OC. I'm trying to delve really deeply into psychological manipulation. (This isn't permanent.) *This takes place post-civil war, but not everything is canon up to this point.*The attack on New York was led by another member of the Black Order and he was killed in the skirmish. ;)For your information, this story is cross-posted on Fanfiction.Net under the pen name of "LodestarJumper"Just a personal note, if you could refrain from using cussing/strong language if you comment (no offense to how you speak! Promise! =) It just makes me uncomfortable) I would greatly appreciate that. ;)NOVA IS LOKI! NOVA IS LOKI! NOVA IS LOKI! (Please, for the sake of preventing confusion, don't ignore this. This is so I can immersive myself into the story, if you're wondering why I'm keeping it at all.)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

"I am awful.

I am heartless.

I am scared those things are actually true."
-Unknown
 Raw, agonized pain splits between the open gash, a fresh pool of blood beginning to trickle down his back like sorrowed tears.He flinches, drawing away sharply away from the touch. The cool metal of Nebula's cybernetic hand stings against the open, salt-touched wound along his spine and he can't repress the shudder of agony that ripples through his shoulder blades. Nebula's fingers stop, but he's already done damage. The thin leather she was sewing between his skin yanks sharply and he hears it snap a moment later.His sister swears, and then, "Stay still. Are you incapable of managing that?"Yes.It hurts. He wants to writhe, coil on the ground and howl, but that won't do any good. He holds his tongue when something nasty threatens to come pouring off of it, and straightens, dipping his head. "My apologies," he murmurs, his voice barely audible. He's learned better than to speak up now, and its hoarse anyway. At least this way she can't really tell.Nebula sighs and he hears her shift behind him, grabbing something out of the bag she brought with her into his ce—his room. 'He's going to make infection inevitable if he'—her thoughts start off in a tangent of annoyance that's quickly quieted once she seems to realize she's blaring them everywhere. She's trained to keep her mind quiet, and unless he pushes, he won't have to listen.The thoughts he can't stop reading.The one's he'd rather can't.But his magic—his punishment, and gift—is a hazardous waste now, and it's to be expected. Thoughts are just a byproduct of that, something Ebony promised would stop if he'd focus harder. He is focusing, but it isn't helping. He remembers having such control at some point, but he's lost it ever since Father—"Don't apologize." Nebula demands sharply, moving towards him again. He feels her fingers lightly brush against the skin and he winces again, wrapping his arms around his ribcage and trying to ignore the smell. It's strangely sweet, when he thinks it should be tart and bitter.Nebula shoves the needle in again, and he bites on his tongue. The skin is inflamed. He can feel it. Even with Midnight's merciful bucket of salt water thrown on top of him, infection feels like it's seconds from sprouting and conquering his back with a firm hand.He has half a mind to let it. Maybe that's part of the reason he didn't try to do anything himself, and Nebula found him less than thirty minutes ago, feverish and attempting to sleep off the worst of the sting. The latter wasn't working. It has before, but it won't here."You need to be more careful, Nova," Nebula chides softly after a few more minutes of silence has passed. She's almost to the top of the wound, but he keeps holding his breath in anticipation for her to stop. The needle is making his skin crawl for reasons he can't pin down. He would have rather she simply used cauterization. "You're insubordination doesn't do anyone any favors." She continues, but her tone is slightly distant. He can tell she's focused on other things.Nova sighs, blowing the breath between his teeth, but unwilling to admit she's right. He should have ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Wanda Maximoff
Loki & Pietro Maximoff
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Protectiveness
Telepathy
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Minor Injuries
Serious Injuries
Repressed Memories
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Loki is a mess
Anxiety Attacks
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Loki Whump
Whump
Redemption
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Thanos (Marvel) A+ Parenting
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
It Gets Worse
Friendship
Brother-Sister Relationships
Mental Health Issues
Mental Instability
References to Depression
Trust Issues
Maximoff Twin Feels
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Brothers
Thanos is a practiced jerk
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
LOKI IS NOVA
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki & Wanda Maximoff
Loki & Pietro Maximoff
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

