Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
"Put this on."The man in charge turns and gives Bucky a thin black lacy thing closely resembling a pair of ladies lingerie and stands back, his face devoid of any expression. He's a beta, and a seasoned professional at that it seems, because the blond man doesn't even bat an eye at the onslaught scent of a young unmated omega in the middle of its heat."That's it?" He asks hoarsely, hands shaking around the flimsy black silk. He has to fight the primal urge to run up to the man and rub his aching body against him, the omega part of him actually feeling insulted that he doesn't even get a reaction. The still-functioning rational part of his brain kind of wants to die of embarrassment. The silver blond beta smiles thinly, but it doesn't really reach his slate grey eyes."Put that on first." He murmurs and averts his gaze politely when Bucky drops the fluffy white towel around his waist. The luxurious bathroom reeks of his cloying sweet scent. He winces and wipes at the leaking wet moisture between his legs with an annoyed huff when it runs down one pale smooth inner thigh."Leave it. The alphas will like it if you're wet." The man suddenly speaks up again and this time Bucky can hear the tiny strain in his voice. He peers up between dark lashes at the man and sure enough, there's a slight bulge in the junction between his legs under the neatly ironed trousers.The thought sends a shiver of pride through his body and he hurriedly slips the lacy underwear on, groaning at the cool silk against his wet sensitive flesh.The butler wordlessly hands him a heavy cloak, a heavy red cloak. Bucky stares incredulously at the thing. Seriously? The metaphor can't be any clearer."I will escort you onto the hunting grounds." The blond man says when he finishes with the three buttons at his chest and squirms a little when a new trail of moisture runs down his leg. Bucky follows on unsteady steps, the blood red cloak rubbing against the sensitive pink nubs of his nipples.They pause by the archway, the blond beta drawing him close and gently fastening a cool white ivory half mask over his eyes to protect his identity. Bucky draws the red hood over his still-wet silky brown hair and steadies himself.He can do this. It's nothing, just getting his man-cherry popped that's all. He would be paid fifty thousand dollars for the whole ordeal, and his and the alpha's identity would be safely protected. It would be unorthodox for them to see each other's faces. He'd heard about the annual Hunt from Clint, who was another omega from the slum districts and Clint has had no trouble after his first time. The only downside, according to Clint is that it's a one-time only thing. The rich higher-up alphas only want their first untouched heat. Thankfully Bucky has kept his virtues mostly intact during his time living in the shady parts of the city.The grass feels cool under his bare feet. Bucky keeps his gaze forward as he stumbles after the blond butler like a newborn calf. There are five omegas, all decked out in identical red cloaks. The only difference is the color of the brooch around their neck. Bucky has a brilliant blue sapphire fastened around his throat by a golden pin. He can't help but glance around curiously, noting that the other omegas all have their heads down, shoulders slumped meekly and radiating the innocent lamb-like vulnerability bound to make an alpha's blood boil.He keeps his head up, watching curiously as the five alphas in dark shirts and expensive designer pants approach from The other side of the field. They stop about five feet from the omegas who all shudder collectively at the dominating scent of five strong virile alphas, Bucky included. He wiggles his bare toes restlessly on the grass when his slick drips down in a steady stream, showing just how eager his body is for mating.The four male alphas are about the same height, the brunet one on the left maybe a tiny bit shorter, the female redheaded alpha being the shortest of the group. They all have on black masks, opposite the white ivory ones the omegas are wearing. The simple black masks cover the upper parts of their faces, but since they have no hoods, it's easier to discern which is which. There're two blonds, one with long tumbling locks of gold and easily standing the tallest, with his broad shoulders and huge hands in clear display. Bucky squirms longingly at the sight of those muscular arms. The alpha turns and gives him a small smirk when he catches Bucky's curious gaze and his cheeks flame red with embarrassment when he tears his gaze away.The other blond man is somewhat slighter, with short cropped golden hair and standing across from him with his legs parted in a familiar military stance. The alpha has his sky-blue gaze averted and firmly on the grass at his feet, jaw clenched tightly as if he doesn't particularly want to be there. Bucky's eyes linger on the alpha for a second, wavering between the two blonds. Shorter-hai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Self-Lubrication
Multiple Orgasms
Porn With Plot
Fluff and Smut
Alpha!Steve
Omega!Bucky
Sugar Daddy Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Size Kink
Shameless Smut
Fingerfucking
Public Sex
Nipple Play
Bucky runs an orphanage
Protective Sam Wilson
Puppy Piles
SO MUCH FLUFF
Military Uniforms
One Big Happy Family
Secret Relationship
Alternate Universe
mentions of mpreg
Thor Is a Good Bro
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

