Chapter 1: Ironman
    




Chapter Text
"You were supposed to be on the plane an hour and a half ago." Pepper's voice filtered in through the hallway. Tony was sitting on the floor listening to his six-year old read the beginning of the first Harry Potter book. 
"That's funny, I thought with it being my plane and all, that it would just wait for me to get there." Tony rebutted, barely taking his eyes off his kid. He watched as Peter jumped up to greet Pepper. 
"Auntie Pep! Look Daddy said I could read this while he's away!" Peter squealed, jumping up and down in front of the woman, showing off his book. Pepper's annoyance with him faded, and her face filled with amusement. 
"Oh wow, Pete that's great. But, Daddy needs to leave now, you think you could help me get him moving?" Pepper asked, lowering her voice into a conspiring whisper. Peter giggled and nodded his head. 
"Daddy, Peppa says you need to go now." Peter whispered as he walked over to Tony. Tony rolled his eyes at Pepper. 
"I know bud. How about this. I'll run upstairs and grab my bag, and you and Auntie Pep can meet me at the door to say goodbye?" Tony said, standing up and picking Peter up in the process. Peter nodded vigorously and Tony pressed a kiss to his head before putting him down and sending him after Pepper. He waited for them both to leave before heading upstairs to a secret door right next to his bedroom. 
"Hey, Tash?" he called as he shut the door behind him. He looked around the room, it was where he usually spent his time, but nobody but Peter knew that. And even though the kid was only 6, he knew not to mention this to anyone. His wife was a spy, for a super secret organization that he wasn't supposed to know about. And because of that, no one but him and Peter could know she existed. So he kept her hidden in her tower, for lack of better terms, whenever she was off mission. 
And while she wasn't Peter's biological mother, she was as good as, and Peter saw her that way. He was ripped from his thoughts by someone exiting the bathroom. 
"Hey, I thought you were supposed to be on the plane like an hour ago?" Natasha said as she walked up to him, letting him rest his hands on her hips. He scoffed. 
"Not you too. Pep's already been on me. I'm headed out right now, I just got to say goodbye to Pete. Plus I couldn't leave without seeing my lovely wife." He said, giving her a goofy grin. She rolled her eye, but her mouth was tipped up at the side, showing her amusement. 
"How long are you supposed to be gone this time?" She asked then, pulling out of their embrace to move around the room, continuing to get ready. 
"Three days. I'll be back as soon as I can. Did you get a mission?" Tony asked, hoping she's say no. She shook her head. 
"No I promised I wouldn't. I told Fury I was taking some me time. I was hoping you'd say that Peter was going to stay with a friend of his mother's for a couple days, so I could spend some time with him. I could use a disguise to pick him up?" Natasha then said, looking more vulnerable than she usually would. Tony felt his heart melt. 
"I think that could be arranged. Just make sure it's a good disguise, I don't want to worry about your cover being blown." Tony said, worry laced in his tone. Natasha gave him a soft smile, and nodded. 
"Tell Peter I'll be 'here' to pick him up in an hour." She said, starting to push him out the door, "Now you need to go. I'll see you in a couple days, любовь." She pressed a quick kiss to his lips before pushing him out of the door and closing it in his face. He scoffed, before grabbing his bag and heading downstairs. He could tell he took too long by the glare Pepper sent him as he approached. 
"Make the goodbyes quick, James is getting impatient." She reminded him. He nodded, deciding not to piss her off anymore. 
"Hey Petey, you remember that friend of your mommy's I was telling you about?" He asked the young boy who had ran up to greet him. Peter looked confused for a moment before he realized what Tony meant. He nodded excitedly. 
"Well she's going to be here in a little bit to pick you up. Your going to stay with her until Daddy gets back okay?" Tony asked, hoping Pepper wouldn't get too suspicious. But the smile that broke out on Peter's face at the idea of getting to spend time with his mother, made it all worth it. 
"Okay Daddy, I'll go pack!" Peter said, starting to run off, but Tony caught him before he could get too far. 
"Why don't you say goodbye to me first and then Auntie Pepper can help you pack?" Peter nodded. 
"Okay, bye Daddy! Love you lots! Don't be gone too long!" Peter said cutely, before placing a wet kiss on Tony's cheek. Tony's heart clenched at the thought of leaving his kid, even for such a short amount of time. 
"Love you too, baby. Be good while I'm gone okay? And if you're good we can go out for ice cream when I get home." Tony said, and watching Peter nod so hard he almost fell over. 
"Okay, Pete why don't you start packing and I'll be there to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Natasha and Tony married
MCU reimagined
ironman - Freeform
Ironman 2
Avengers - Freeform
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Feels
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

