Chapter 1: Times Are Changing
    


Notes:

Welsh Pronunciation Guide 
    Now, I do occasionally use other Brythonic and Goidelic languages but I definitely have some bias towards the Welsh and some later titles and names are in Welsh. Now, feel free to just gloss over, but once you get your tongue around some of the stranger (LL) and brain around the peculiar (DD is Th), Welsh is actually phonetic. Every letter is said and there are no hidden letters or weird rules (glares at English.)This is a pretty nice guide, and you can find a lot of pronunciation by Googling the word and how to say it xD

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Tony POV
He's not sure how long he's been lying here. Blood on his lips, ice sinking, sinking into him. Words echoing in his mind. Images flash by, memories pile up. He can't see a tunnel but it is like life is flashing before his eyes. Or at least every painful moment.
There are so many.
Things are not in order, not by date or severity. Maybe his brain is firing as he dies and memories are being sparked. He's forced to watch events from a different perspective.
Is this madness?
Looking back, he wonders if they were really his friends.
"The futurist, gentlemen! The futurist is here! He sees all! He knows what's best for you, whether your like it or not."
The problem is, that he thinks the answer was yes.
"You better watch your back on this guy. Chances are he's going to break it."
Sitting in the vents with Clint's eating mini snickers. Hanging with Clint in the rafters. Snarking with Clint during battles. Holding baby Nate…
"I said I'd help you find him, not catch him. There's a difference.."
Natkas hand slipping into his when he was feeling overwhelmed. Natkas head resting on his shoulder as she slept. Natkas face when he ordered those sweets."Sometimes my teammates lie to me ."Steve bringing him food. Steve pulling him away from the workshop when insomnia gripped him so tightly. Steve's concern after battle…This is what madness feels like.They were his friends. But it didn't stop Steve… Rogers lying.
"Look, I'll tell you… but you have to go alone and as a friend."
It didn't stop them running off to his side.
Red sparks with visions that for some reason look different now.
The vision. The nightmares. He can see them all not and they seem to vibrate at a different frequency to his memories. She was still playing with his mind?
He had done everything Steve asked to bridge the gap
He'd known though. Oh, he'd known. He asked, he cajoled, he downright begged Rogers to make her stop using her magic around him.
You're being unfair Tony.

It's integral to her being.

She is her magic.
Who gives a fuck about people's trauma, right?He coughs and he feels like he's drowning again, but slowly this time. Every cough tastes of iron.
"Tony, I'm flying dead stick."
Why did it take nearly dying to gain this clarity? Again?Not when he had people like Rhodey in his life. His brother. His best friend. His saviour.The man who caught him when his knees hit sand.The man that he failed to catch.Footsteps appear out of nowhere, derailing the chaotic nature of his thoughts and instantly putting him on alert.Steady pace, they aren't in a rush. Women's shoes.But he can't see.Even though the footsteps sound close enough that he could reach out and touch them."Oh, your memories have yet to return. Well, I could wait, but it seems needlessly cruel."The woman is suddenly kneeling over him and Tony is spiralling."You've been through far too much this cycle little one."Her eyes are while. Completely white and that should be terrifying but it's comforting.It probably says a lot about Tony's life, but that scares him more.Her words barely register. But she feels like a homecoming.He can't pinpoint her age, she seems ageless somehow. She could be your sister or your mother. Silver hair, the colour of the metal rather than usual greying hair. Her skin is pale, her lips are deep red and her dress is black. It looks complicated, layers and layers, silver writing of some kind is embroidered but it's no language he knows and looking at it makes him dizzy.She reaches an arm out, towards his face and he tries to back away but it hurts and he's drowning.He notices odd details, like the laugh lines on her face and the complicated blue design that start winding around her fingers and vanish up into her sleeves.But that isn't the strangest. Nor is the fact she feels different. His mind is screaming at him that she is not human. Danger is here. Caution. A primal instinct ticking at the back of his skull...So why does he want to curl up on her lap?"Calm my Cadeyrn.""Look, lady, I think you have the wrong gu-"She brushes her fingers across his forehead this time, delicately but still smearing blood. Tony freezes and his eyes turn white. Memories flood through his mind, power floods his veins."Dammit! I was a few years off winning that bet. I… probably… maybe… could have surviv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Alternate Universe
Magic
Civil War Team Iron Man
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Hurt Bucky Barnes
not team Cap friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
God!Tony
Fae Magic
Fae & Fairies
Fae Tony Stark
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Magical Tattoos
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Tony Stark Loves his Magic
Not Steve Friendly
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Underhill - Freeform
OC DubhMáel
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Stephen Stranger's bedside manner
Fomóire Molaich
Fae History
dimension hopping
Not Wanda Friendly
Shapeshifting
Reapers
James Barnes Grand Fae Adventure
Fae Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

