Chapter 1: FUBAR
    




Chapter Text
 






  
FUBAR
         (U.S. Army) Abbreviation for ‘Fucked up beyond all recognition (or repair).’  Steve wakes up on the cold stone floor of the foyer. He scrambles up; there’s glass shards everywhere and they crunch under his gloved hands. People are staring, holding themselves back. They must have seen the fight, must have seen two of him.His own voice rings in his head.
“Bucky is alive!”
No, not his voice, Loki’s voice. It was Loki in disguise as him. Steve’s already seen him do it once today.His body feels heavy and sluggish, but he pushes himself forward. Past the frightened office workers who’ve barely had time to emerge from wherever they’ve been hiding from the Chitauri army.Fucking space whales!He eventually makes it to the front entrance, where everything is in full chaos. Paramedics are crouched over Stark, the Hulk is nowhere to be found, Thor is yelling at an old man in a grey suit surrounded by a SHIELD STRIKE team dressed all in black, and Steve, Steve can’t breathe.Bucky is alive. Bucky is alive. Bucky is alive, echoes in his head, and he can’t make it stop, even as he knows it’s a lie. Maybe because he knows it’s a lie.It has to be a lie, it’s from Loki, after all, but he can’t quite make himself ignore it. Those words said in his own voice; desperate and struggling. Steve shakes his head, trying to silence that one piece of him that thinks it just might be real.When Thor shoves the man in the suit with his hammer, shouting “you and your petty laws can go fuck themselves!”, and then the entire STRIKE contingent raises their weapons, Steve rushes forward, grabbing Thor’s arm and pulling him away before the situation can escalate even further. Everything’s already gone FUBAR with Loki in the wind and the Tesseract God knows where. At least the portal’s shut and the weird space whales are dead, but they really don’t need an incident between Thor and SHIELD right now.“Captain Rogers,” the man in the suit says, suddenly turning to look at Steve. “It’s an honor to meet you.”His voice is steady and authoritative, as if he expects to be listened to. Obeyed. Thor is still glowering, and Steve scrutinizes the man while still trying to disengage a pissed off God of Thunder from a group of very twitchy-looking agents.“Who are you?” he finally says, as Thor lowers his hammer a fraction and some of the electricity in the air dissipates.“Alexander Pierce, secretary of the World Security Council.” He pauses, looking right at Steve. “And the head of SHIELD. We’re here to collect both Loki and the Tesseract for safekeeping.”“You have no authority over –” Thor yells, and Steve yanks him back, putting some serious force into it finally, managing to pull Thor off-balance enough to step in front of him and take some control over the situation.“Well, as you can see, Mr. Pierce, Loki isn’t here anymore.”“Because of your interference!” Thor bellows from behind him, and Steve struggles to hold him back from launching himself at the SHIELD agents again, who are all clearly beginning to regret ever having put on Kevlar.“We’re not going to let this go, Captain.” There’s steel in the man’s gaze, and Steve finds himself bristling.“You’re very welcome to conduct your own search, but he isn’t here anymore, as I already stated.”“We’ll see about that, Captain Rogers.” There’s a threat there that Steve can almost taste, but before he can reply, there’s a soft tap on his shoulder and a gentle “hey, let’s go.”It’s Natasha, her lip still bloody and swollen. Steve has no idea where she’s materialized from, and she doesn’t seem inclined to explain. “Stark needs medical attention and Pepper’s just landed at LaGuardia and is on her way.”Thor’s already turning towards her, giving the STRIKE team his back like their hastily assembled tactical formation and pointed guns mean nothing. Natasha is still talking, not giving STRIKE even a fraction of her attention.“They’re taking him to Mount Sinai, Stark’s got a private wing there, so come on.”She motions them to follow and Steve wants to spit out that his city is in ruins and of course rich assholes get priority, but for once, he keeps the thought to himself. He catches Pierce looking at them as they go, his expression flat and unreadable.They get into one of those stupidly large black cars which has appeared from somewhere, strangely undamaged, and Clint follows the ambulance all the way to midtown. They get let through all of the roadblocks with minimal fuss behind the ambulance. Steve’s in the back with the still-glowering Thor, the comforting weight of the shield against his calf. None of them has any idea where Bruce, or the Hulk, for that matter, is, nor what the fresh hell actually happened in the foyer. Steve hopes that at least the Hulk’s somewhere finding Loki and bashing him into the floor again. That would be great.
Bucky is alive. Bucky is alive. Bucky is alive.
It still rings in his head as they drive, he can’t help it, and he has t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
2012 Alternative Timeline
2012 AU
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Recovering
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Pining
Idiots in Love
Sharing a Bed
Explicit Sexual Content
brock rumlow's fragile masculinity
graphic description of violence
Generic Winter Soldier Awfulness
Embedded Images
Captain America Big Bang 2019 | cabigbang
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

