Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
The week had been hard and Peter felt it in his muscles and bones when he twisted and turned in his bed, trying to stretch out his sleep-induced body. He had passed out as soon as he'd gotten out of the shower last night, which was almost easy because he'd stayed in the Stark Tower and Mr. Stark always had the nicest everything. This meant silk sheets and feather pillows that could swallow him whole and it was an utterly large difference compared to the brick of a pillow he had at Aunt May's. Yet, at the moment, it hadn't struck Peter that he was physically in the Stark Tower because he'd never been in this part of it and only once in a blue moon would he even be there in the first place if it weren't for his long-term internship with Tony.When Peter finally got the motivation to sit up and yawn he rubbed his eye's, reaching his hand to the bedside table and tapping the screen of his phone to check the time. 12:30pm. He'd slept in quite a lot longer than he normally would and a refreshing feeling washed over him because I don't have shit to do today, thank God. He smiled and walked to the restroom to wash his face and finish his daily hygienic procedure. With not a care in the world he stepped into his favorite pair of little spanx. They're black and form-fitting, and glide slightly up his hips to hug his taught little tummy exposing the bottom half of his tush. He grabbed his pink crop sweater out of his bag and threw it on. The back of it read: Kiss me, Daddy. And slid his feet into his fur house slippers.Peter smiled at himself in the bathroom mirror, turning every which way to check out his tight ass and firm legs. He'd shaven them the morning before and made a mental note to apply more moisturizer later in the day. His hair was a small mop of curls that he hadn't cared to fix. He thought he looked cute and gave himself one last grin before he grabbed his phone and headphones, leaving the room.As he was walking, searching for the kitchen, he was distracted by tapping through his phone, bringing up his contacts for a three-way call to his best friends. Plugging in his headphone's he tapped the Call button and slid the phone into the spandex of his hip when it started to ring. He soon became occupied with digging in the refrigerator.  Within the first couple rings both Ned and MJ had picked up."Peter, what's up dude?" Ned said automatically before Peter got a word out. "Where the fuck did you go last night," MJ shot in and Peter giggled at that. There had been a party off campus that Peter really wanted to go to because both his friends were able to attend and it wasn't very often that that happened either. Peter couldn't remember meeting MJ's girlfriend either. He knew he was going to get an ear-full because of it too . It was a crazy though, the experience, Peter knew it was, but not much of last night was coming to him yet and he was surprised he didn't have a banging fucking headache right now."I'm fine, I made it home somehow," He laughed again, pushing past the apple juice in the fridge to reach for the orange juice.Unbeknownst to Peter, off across the kitchen where the dinning area was located, The Avengers and many others were sat in utter fucking surprise watching this boy, who, by this point, didn't know who the fuck he was rattle off on the phone like its some regular ass Saturday. The hero's were eyeing each other and Tony found that he couldn't speak, completely confused and taken aback by what he was witnessing that he couldn't even respond to the questions shot his way. He was completely speechless and it became more apparent that Peter didn't know they were there, mostly based on the fact that he hadn't heard them speaking moments ago.The brunette boy was leaning into the fridge, the only thing showing was his ass as it looked like the fridge had swallowed him whole. No one had made a move to stop the younger. No one moved from their place as Peter obliviously chatted away."Oh my God, Michelle, i so did not do that. No-" a pause, "Oh you have got to be fucking kidding me! i wouldn't do a body shot off of Flash if you paid me a million dollars. Those jock-types don't bathe properly.”Peter giggled and then blinked twice, stopping momentarily to listen, almost frantic, "Tell me i didn't- fuck, Ned. UGH." before slamming the jug of orange juice down on the counter. By this time he had kicked the fridge door closed and was leaning up to open the cabinets for a glass. His body practically on display and the shows of a well developed abdomen was presenting itself. Unconsciously, Thor found himself licking his lips, almost uncomfortable at the presentation in front of him. Tony was sitting at the table to his left and he'd notice the other had completely stopped typing mid sentence, fingers frozen and eye's intensely focused. A small sigh was heard to his left by Loki, who was otherwise not interested but still kept his mouth shut. But even Natasha had shifted i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Loki/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Aged-Up Character(s)
Dirty Talk
Humor
Rough Kissing
Daddy Kink
Sexual Tension
Smut
Blow Jobs
Embarrassment
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
My First Smut
Don't Like Don't Read
Twink Peter Parker
Anal Fingering
Dildos
Secret Identity Fail
Masturbation
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Phone Sex
Peter Parker has a Nice Ass

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Loki/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange

