Chapter 1: Contingency Plan
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes knew he was probably the last person in the world who should be taking care of children, but that didn't stop him from running toward Steve the moment he realized what that flash of light had done.  Some kind of magic was at play here, which would have been difficult to believe if he hadn't been watching his best friend fight alongside a Norse god for the last few months. But just because he could accept the evidence in front of his eyes - a flash of light that, once it had dimmed, left behind 6 suddenly very small Avengers - didn't mean he had a contingency plan for it.Technically, his contingency plan for this was the same as his contingency plan for everything, which was "jump in if I have to to protect Steve," but it seemed like a desperately inadequate plan now that he was actually putting it into action. He'd kept carefully away from Steve when his old friend was searching for him, but once Steve had been pulled away, dragged back into the Avengers to save the world, Bucky had stopped avoiding his friend and started shadowing him.  He'd been careful not to let anyone see him, and to leave only casualties that looked like they'd been Black Widow's kills when he had to do something to protect Steve's back. Mostly, he'd just watched, hidden in the shadows to keep Steve safe even though he wasn't ready to go back to him.As he threw a knife into the sorcerer's chest to keep the man from casting any more spells on the now-vulnerable Avengers, he couldn't help thinking that this was pretty far from what he'd thought his contingency plan would look like when he finally used it.Half of the sorcerer's companions vanished the moment they realized their leader was dead, pressing buttons at their wrists that teleported them away, but the other half hesitantly continued to move toward the Avengers.  Bucky got there first, concerned to find that the Avengers, all of whom looked about six, weren't trying to fight back.  The Steve he knew would fight back no matter what size his body was, as long as he thought it was the right thing to do. If he wasn't fighting, if none of them were fighting, it meant they didn't understand the situation yet.  They weren't just small.  They were small, and confused, and they might be actual children.He wanted to curse, but didn't. He needed the breath to take out the last few minions surrounding the Avengers.  It wasn't difficult, but he needed to do it quickly, because he didn't like Steve being vulnerable in the middle of the street.  He needed to start dealing with the Avengers themselves as soon as possible.Four men went down in just over a minute, and the others cut their losses and ran.Bucky found himself alone with a crowd of 6-year-olds staring up at him.Abruptly, the adrenaline from the fight drained out of him, leaving him feeling hollow and useless.  He'd spent a lot of time feeling hollow and useless since he'd left HYDRA to become a person instead of a weapon.  It was harder than it sounded.  But he couldn't afford to think like that right now, because the kids didn't need a weapon.  They needed a person.  He needed to push through the empty feeling and be a person for them.He took a deep breath and looked them over, trying to get his bearings and determine how much trouble they were actually in. The children's clothes hadn't shrunk with them, which was probably going to be a problem, but most of them had managed to adjust on their own, some more effectively than others.Natalia didn't seem bothered by the fact that she'd had to abandon the one-piece suit that no longer fit her. She'd apparently also decided that grown-up Natalia's too-big underwear wasn't working for her in her new body, either, because she wasn't wearing it.  She stood behind the others, completely naked, in what looked like a trained defensive stance, and there was a hardness in her eyes that suggested she had no intention of standing down.  He wondered, briefly, how young she'd been when they'd started her training, because her SHIELD file hadn't listed much of her KGB history.He would have to deal with the fact that she was standing in the middle of New York completely naked.  He would also have to deal with the fact that she looked ready to run, and that he suspected she was behind the other kids so that he would go after them first if he turned out to be another enemy. But she wasn't his only worry, and if she hadn't run already, she would probably stay until she had a specific reason not to.It would help that she was considerably less frightened of him than Bruce was.  Bruce was trembling and wouldn't meet Bucky's eyes, but he at least kept himself covered, holding tightly to pants much too large for him and trying to keep them up around his chest.  He was definitely human at the moment, which was better than the alternative, but he looked on edge, and they couldn't 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Fic
Past Child Abuse
(more referenced than actually there)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
healing!Bucky
memory recovery
Team Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
deaged avengers

fandom: 
None
