Work Text:
The first time it happens, Bucky has no idea how to react. He and Steve are walking down the street, when a slight woman takes in Bucky’s terrified eyes, the dark circles so bad they almost look like bruises, and Steve’s protective hand resting on his lower back, guiding him down the busy sidewalk (but it must look possessive, to someone looking for a sign), and comes to the wrong conclusion. She glares at Steve, who curls his fingers against Bucky’s spine when she reaches for her purse, and pulls out a card. “When you’re ready to leave, just call,” she says, pressing the little card-stock rectangle into Bucky’s hand.Bucky accepts it, blinking in confusion, while Steve flushes hot and swallows down the anger and shame at her misconception. It’s good that people are concerned about him. Steve wants Bucky to know that people care. Steve watches the way her straight, black hair hangs down her back as she walks away—there isn’t a single strand out of place. Bucky is quiet the rest of their walk, but when they get back home, he’s all questions. “Why did she give me a card?” he asks. “Why was she mad at you? What did she mean about me leaving?” his voice takes on a panicked edge on that last part. “Is she with them? Are they going to take me away?”“No one is taking you away, Buck,” Steve says. He brings Bucky’s hand to his lips, to kiss Bucky’s knuckles. They’re bruised, from when he put the wrong hand through a wall after a nightmare. “I promise.”That calms Bucky, almost in an instant. The way that Bucky trusts him, when no one would blame Bucky for never trusting another soul again, makes something warm and flutter in Steve’s chest, every time.Bucky moves in close for a hug, and Steve pulls Bucky close and holds him there for a long moment. Since Bucky made the shattering (and jesus, had it been shattering to watch) discovery that physical contact did not necessitate pain (and Steve will never forget the stunned look of realization on his face, never, never, never), he has been eager to use touch for comfort. No one should ever have to realize a thing like that, but it is progress, and when it comes to touching him, Steve can never get enough. The way Bucky feels in his arms—the mixture of fragility and tensile strength—makes the protectiveness surge in Steve’s chest. Bucky’s warmth pierces straight through seventy years in the ice. Steve wants always to have him near like this, pressed skin to skin. Steve wants to kill everyone who’s ever hurt him, and kill anyone who might try to hurt him again. Once Bucky has had his fill, Steve lets him go. The loss of contact aches, but in all likelihood, Bucky will want to cuddle in front of the television after they eat. He is starved for positive contact the same way that Steve is starved for him. Steve doesn’t think that Bucky quite understands his own feelings yet, but they were intense enough to break him through decades of torture and brainwashing, and this new Bucky’s trust and faith and the warmth that emerges as the ice melts away all take Steve’s breath away.“What did she mean, Steve?” Bucky says. Steve is making them sandwiches, and heating up a vat of tomato soup from the restaurant they both like. It is easy to try and stall, but he is never going to keep the truth from Bucky, not about anything. “She thought I was hurting you, Buck,” Steve says, spreading mustard on thick-cut whole wheat bread. “She wanted to help.”Bucky frowns. It’s an expression Steve has gotten used to seeing on his face, but that doesn’t make him like it any better. ”You don’t hurt me.”“It’s the last thing I would ever want to do,” Steve says. “But why did she think that you do?” Bucky says. He’s eyeing the sandwiches like he’s not one-hundred percent sure he’ll be allowed to partake. Steve piles all the fixings onto one quickly, so that he can cut it in half, and give it to Bucky straight away. Bucky crams the thing into his mouth in a few inelegant bites—he’s the one person in the world who gets hungry just as quickly as Steve does—and waits for the answer. “You, um,” Steve chooses his words with a great deal of consideration. Leaving the house is already enough of a challenge, and he doesn’t want to give Bucky a complex. “People who pay attention can tell, just by seeing you, that you’ve been through a lot. You’re...wounded from everything they did to you. It’s harder to see those kinds of wounds, but some people do.”Bucky looks troubled. “There’s nothing wrong with you, Buck. It’s normal, after what you went through. You’re amazing, and doing so well, and I’m so proud of you, and—”Bucky shakes his head. That isn’t it. Steve waits. Sometimes, it takes a little time for Bucky to express himself. “She doesn’t know me,” Bucky says, after a while. “Why—why does she care if someone hurts me?”“People care, Buck,” Steve says. “When people see someone being hurt, they want to help. Good people—when they see something wrong, they don’t just stand by. They try to fix it.”Bucky process
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Past Abuse
Healing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Walks In The Park
Memories
Minor Original Character(s)
Misunderstandings
Ice Cream
Fluff and Angst
Support Groups
Background Relationships
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

