Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text


 “I don’t know about this, Sam,” Steve says dubiously. “I feel a little uncomfortable asking for a favor from a complete stranger. Mechanics have to make a living too, you know. Plus, it’s not like I can’t afford it.”Sam lets out a long-suffering sigh. He should’ve known this was coming.“I’m sure they’ll survive, Steve. If they really think they’ll go bankrupt from charging you a few bucks less, then they’ll let us know. There’s no harm in asking, is there?”“I guess.” Steve still doesn’t seem convinced, but Sam hadn’t expected him to be. He knows him too well by now.Sam first met Steve about a year ago. It was a bit of a shock, to say the least, when Actual Captain America suddenly showed up at his veterinary clinic in Cobble Hill, carrying a large dog bridal style in his arms and looking like he was close to tears. The dog was an old, sick golden retriever that was no longer eating, and Sam had had no choice but to put her out of her misery.Steve had been devastated. “I got her a month after I came out of the ice”, he’d choked out, just about managing to hold back the sobs that were threatening to rack his broad shoulders as he explained how he’d found Sheila in a shelter and how she’d helped him preserve his sanity in this strange new world. Dogs were one thing that hadn’t changed since the 1930s, and Sheila had become Steve’s trusty companion when he hadn’t really been able to trust anyone else.Steve’s employer, SHIELD, tried to forbid him from keeping her, but Steve had threatened to strike if they’d take her away from him. In the end, SHIELD had decided that national security was more important than keeping their offices pet hair free (though not by much) and let Steve keep his mangy dog. They probably weren’t going to be mourning Sheila’s demise too hard.As a vet, Sam was well-aware that he couldn’t just take in every sad, lonely puppy that found its way into his clinic, but he’d made an exception for Steve. And not just because the guy was Captain America, for god’s sake. He’d asked Steve if he had anyone he could call, someone to look after him tonight, but that had only led to a fresh round of tears as Steve told him he hadn’t really made any friends during the three years since he’d been found in the ice.It was just too much; this big, blond, blubbering mess of a man who was seemingly all alone in the world. He may have been one of the strongest men alive, with his 6’3 and his bulging muscles that his t-shirt struggled to contain, but right then, Steve seemed to be feeling about as small and vulnerable as a new-born retriever pup. So, Sam had given Steve his personal phone number and said that he was welcome to call him anytime, if he ever needed somebody to talk to. Steve had looked at him with huge, watery eyes, unable to wrap his head around this kind gesture from a complete stranger who hadn’t even asked him for his autograph, and then thanked him profusely while blushing and tripping over his words.Steve had called him that same night, just when he was about to get into bed, to ask Sam (again) whether he was sure that his dog hadn’t suffered. Sam had assured him (again) that she hadn’t and then talked to Steve for a while, asking about his plans for the next couple of days to reassure himself in turn that Steve wasn’t about to off himself. Sam wasn’t sure if supersoldiers could even off themselves, but he wasn’t going to take the risk.When it became clear that Steve didn’t have anything planned except for attending ultra-secret SHIELD meetings (that Sam was pretty sure Steve shouldn’t be telling him about in the first place), he’d sighed inwardly and told Steve to meet him at a nearby diner for a coffee the day after tomorrow. He wondered for a moment if it was a good idea to pick up another charity case, especially one this high-profile, but he couldn’t help it. Much like Steve himself, Sam had never been good at standing by futilely when people – or animals – were clearly in need.Over the months that followed, Steve and Sam had gradually struck up a friendship. Once Steve had somewhat recovered from his most recent loss, he actually turned out to be a really great, friendly guy. Of course, he was stubborn as all hell, and – surprisingly, for someone who was literally a superhero – extremely insecure, though more so about the ‘real’ Steve Rogers than about his Captain America persona. But underneath all that he was smart, witty and charming and, above all, he was kind. Sam genuinely had a hard time understanding why Steve didn’t have more friends, although it all began to fall into place when Steve explained to him how SHIELD basically treated him simultaneously as a fossil, a national treasure, and a secret weapon, instead of like the traumatized human being he really was.Sure, Steve had the Avengers who he got on with well enough, but they were all superheroes; a little damaged, a lot complex, and generally speaking just not the most easy-going b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Coming Out
Virgin Steve Rogers
Canonical Character Death
Slow Burn
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Blow Jobs
Frottage
Anal Sex
Fluff
Humor
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Mechanic Bucky Barnes
Grief/Mourning
Steve blushes so prettily
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Big Bang 2019 | cabigbang
There Was Only One Bed
yes indeed
Thor is not an Avenger or a God
canonical character death is not bucky's btw

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

