Chapter 1: Where Are We?
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
20XX, UNDISCLOSED LOCATION
 Anthony Edward Stark woke up with a strangled gasp, immediately feeling a throbbing weight press down on the back of his skull. He felt like he was facing the onset of a head-splitting hangover born of a night filled with downing too many shots and making too many mistakes. A rasping, guttural groan tore out of his throat as he sat up, one hand instinctively reaching up to massage his head in an attempt to ease the growing headache.  What the hell happened?  he wondered, eyes still closed. As far as he knew, he hadn’t gone on a  devastating liquor splurge in quite some time. Searching his brain for answers, he probed his memories carefully; the last thing he remembered was watching the Hulk slam the God of Mischief into the ground like a ragdoll and then...Tony wrenched his eyes open in a panic, the pain lining his muscles and his lack of awareness of his own location reminding him all too eerily of Afghanistan. Did we lose? Did Loki do something? As soon as he had his eyes open, Tony frantically searched his surroundings, quickly taking in where he was and who was with him.The first few people he spotted were the other five Avengers, Director Fury, Agent Hill –– and Loki himself. The sight of Loki made Tony freeze for a moment, the phantom terror of free-falling from his tower balcony returning to him in a rush. However, he quickly realized that Loki—just like the other Avengers and the SHIELD representatives—was sprawled out on the floor unconscious, which eased his worries slightly.Tony frowned. As relieved as he was to find out that Loki clearly couldn’t have been behind this, the revelation didn’t help answer any of his questions. He picked himself up off the floor, swallowing down a strangled gasp when his whole body shrieked in pain, and twisted around slowly, eyes greedily drinking in his surroundings.Aside from the first eight people he found, Tony could see a number of others scattered throughout the room. His eyes widened in surprise when he easily recognized Pepper, Rhodey and Happy to be among the crowd. What the...? Why are they here? Are they hurt? He forced himself to set his concerns for them aside for the moment as he scanned the rest of the people. In one corner of the room, a group of seven people were gathered: two Africans—a man and a teenage girl—a brunet with a metal arm ( wait, METAL? Am I dreaming?  Tony wondered to himself), a young woman with wavy auburn hair, a dark-skinned man in a heavy brown coat, another brunet dressed in flannel, and strangely enough, a red-skinned (  seriously, RED skin? I must be going insane ) humanoid in a cape. In another corner laid three teenagers along with his bodyguard and longtime friend, Happy. For some reason, Happy was located all the way to the side of the room, a ways away from Pepper and Rhodey who were on their own and lying closer to Tony’s own group. The teenagers didn’t look like anything special—Tony had to wonder why they were here, too, amidst superheroes and super-spies and, apparently, men with metal arms and red skin. Two of the kids, a girl with curly hair and a heavyweight boy with possibly Filipino roots, looked as if they had just come from school, what with their casual t-shirts and book bags. The third teenager, on the other hand, looked worse for wear: his hair was unkempt and matted with blood, his pale skin was bruised in odd places, and he was dressed messily in a pair of ripped jeans and a bloodied hoodie. Jesus, Tony thought to himself, a pang of worry shooting through him despite himself, what on Earth happened to that kid? Tony was drawn out of his sympathy by a muttered curse a few feet away from him. He jerked back to alertness, eyes swiveling back around only to come face-to-face with Natasha Romanoff regaining consciousness.“Tony?” Natasha blinked once, then twice. Her eyes narrowed as if she had just processed their current situation. “What happened? Where are we?” she demanded in quick succession.“No idea,” Tony replied, “and, uh, no idea for the second question, too.”Natasha rolled her eyes at him, visibly unimpressed. “Who else is here?”Tony shrugged and waved grandly at the space around them as if to say, Take a look for yourself. When she arched an impatient eyebrow at him, however, he was quick to answer, “The rest of the Avengers, some of your SHIELD friends, and funnily enough Loki, are all here. There are also some other people who weren’t involved in the battle against Loki—I saw Pepper, Rhodey and Happy, but I didn’t recognize anyone else.”Natasha hummed, finally tearing her eyes away from him to inspect their surroundings on her own. “Why are there kids here?” she muttered, quietly enough that Tony figured she hadn’t meant for him to hear. He spared her a quick glance and was surprised to find that her gaze was still fixated on the three teenagers, her li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Break
like the biggest break
Hurt/Comfort
Time Travel
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Loki & Peter Parker Friendship
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Happy Hogan
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Light Angst
Time Travel Fix-It
Developing Relationships
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone

