Work Text:
The first time he sees the Asset, it’s just a glimpse through a thick glass window set into an iron door. The Asset is tied-down-head-thrashing-eyes-wild-foaming-at-the-mouth. An animal that knows too well the habits of its keepers. Pierce does not remark, but that doesn’t mean he hasn’t formed an opinion, there and then, about what he sees.“He is an animal,” someone says.“All humans are animals,” Pierce tells him.  The second time he sees the Asset the whole base is in lockdown. Rumour is that the Asset shook off his programming on the way to cryo and there are a dozen dead in the chamber, and now the Asset has their clothes and their guns and their ammunition. Pierce is the only living person in the whole damn base who’s been blooded, and he was thoroughly blooded in Vietnam. The AK he took off the dead guard in the corridor fits like a child in his arms.He goes to the door, peers through, and then goes into the hall. The great, white-pained door to the labs is there. Iron. Riveted. Even the Asset isn’t getting through that. And certainly not when he’s in the grip of the fits that have been a problem for Hydra for the last god knows how many years. Bouts of lucidity, bouts of will.Pierce was not surprised to hear that the Asset was unstable, difficult, unmanageable at times. He’s made a study of James Buchanan Barnes. Not an official study, more the study of a childhood spent starry-eyed, belly-down on the carpet reading Captain America comics, and five years of quasi-religious devotion to Commandos! on Wednesday nights. Other kids could quote baseball stats but Alexander Pierce learned James Buchanan Barnes like a slaughterman learns the inside of a pig.He looks through the window in the iron door. It’s a small room. The Asset is looking down, standing bloodied like an monster, looking at the corpses collected by his feet. A broken sink is gushing water, and the Asset is anklebone deep in a soup of water, drugs, bodies, human fluids. AKs lie half-submerged, and Pierce, who waded through Vietnam, knows that its even odds that every one of those fucking guns will jam.Pierce knows when he opens the door, the Asset will try to escape. He knows the smell will roll over him and stick in his nostrils and stick in his throat and he’ll have it in his hair and on his skin. He’ll bite a nail in two days and he’ll taste it hiding where the skin and nail join. And if he thinks about it, if he really thinks about it, it’s hard to believe it’s been so long since the taste of death was in his mouth.He readies his AK, dry, clean, functional, and opens the door. The stink rolls over him like a wave. The Asset looks up. The animal snarl that’s on his face suddenly falls away. He stares at Pierce as if Pierce has already shot him.“Steve?” the Asset whispers.And Vietnam did not prepare Pierce for much, no, except a distrust of narrow spaces and the disdain of other Americans, no, it did not prepare him for much but it did make him quick on his feet. He puts a finger to his mouth and feigns a glance over his shoulder and he hears the Asset’s shaking, gulping breaths. He steps into the little room. It’s a half-step down, and the warm, stinking liquid on the floor swamps his shoes and soaks his feet.The Asset grabs for him, hands open, reaching like a child. “Steve? Steve, Steve, Steve!”He is aware, as the Asset is scrabbling at him like a blind man, that there was a time he would have found this upsetting. Back when he still believed we the people meant anything but chaos and disorder. Back when he swallowed whole the lines Commandos! And Captain America comics were feeding him. He looks at James Buchanan Barnes.The Asset looks right back. His eyes are pinned out, the waxy skin of his face all splotched with uneven colour. He wonders what Hydra's been feeding the Asset, and he wonders what the Asset thinks he's seeing. “Bucky,” he says, testing it, and the Asset makes breathless, wordless sounds. Every little boy wants a toy gun for his birthday, and this, well, this is something special. Pierce smiles.The Asset’s mouth hangs open, he’s panting. He coughs and his voice rattles into gear again. “I knew you were coming, I knew you were coming for me. They said you were dead, they showed me the newspaper. I knew you wouldn’t…” then his voice fails him altogether.“Shhh,” Pierce says and Barnes subsides so there’s only the gushing of the broken sink.There was a time Pierce did the right thing, just like Captain America said. And at that time the right thing was agent orange. And the right thing was clearing VC out. And the right thing was bodies pushed out of helicopters and the breathtaking conflagration of jungle foliage, and not beating the piss out of the hippy who spat on him. The right thing has never, ever worked for him. He smiles at the Asset.“I’m here on a mission,” he whispers. “I need your help.”A crooked smile. Exactly the smile he saw in countless photographs. The books of his childhood, The Commandos in Col
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

freeform: 
Alexander Pierce POV
Alexander Pierce is a horrible human being
Poor Bucky
Not Canon Compliant
Mental Anguish
Physical Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Liberties of all sorts taken
Artistic liberties abused
Angst
Heavy Angst
off-screen non-con
HYDRA Trash Party

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

