Work Text:
“For some reason, I’m attracted to you.” 
Tony’s deadpan comment brought the entire kitchen to a halt in the middle of breakfast. On one side, Steve simply gaped at him with a stunned expression, Clint and Wanda  sneered, Sam and Scott just stared and Natasha rolled her eyes. One the other side, Rhodey snickered along with Peter and Harley, while Stephen looked amused, Vision looked bemused, Carol just sighed and the Defenders started pointing and muttering at each other, seemingly arguing about whose turn it was to make the popcorn.
“Doll, you’re regularly attracted to the coffee machine,” Bucky said dryly from where he was leaning against the bench next to the appliance in question.
“The coffee machine makes coffee,” Tony said with great dignity. “Therefore, it should be worshipped as appropriate.”
Bucky contemplated that for a moment. “Okay, fair point.”
Tony took another bite of the pancakes that Bucky had plunked down in front of him when he’d slouched into the kitchen after a night of repairing his suit. He’d forgotten that he didn’t do breakfast with the ‘team’ anymore because Rogers used it as an opportunity to either try to talk to him (bad), give him sad puppy eyes when he wouldn’t talk to him (worse) or give him the Captain America Look of DisapprovalTM (terrible). But he’d been working since they returned from their mission the previous afternoon and FRIDAY had refused to let him order anything in. In fact, she’d locked down all his projects until he ate, showered, changed his clothes and got some sleep, in whatever order suited him.
He closed his eyes in utter bliss and hummed his approval. The pancakes were perfect. They made putting up with his ex-teammates marginally worthwhile. Actually, no, that was wrong. There was nothing that made dealing with his ex-teammates worthwhile but he was willing to ignore them in order to enjoy Bucky’s blueberry pancakes.
“Enjoying those, sugar?” Bucky asked, amusement obvious in his voice.
“Yup,” Tony said, ignoring the strangled noise that Rogers made somewhere off to his right.
He was well aware of the affectionate terms Bucky was using, even if he didn’t quite know why he was using them. It wasn’t the first time. Bucky peppered all their interactions in the workshop with things like ‘doll’ and ‘sugar’ and ‘sweetheart’ and even some Russian terms. He’d never used them in public before though. Not surprising though. The New Avengers didn’t share missions with the Rogues. Okay, they were officially the Avengers but no one other than the Accords Council actually called them that. There hadn’t been anything that had happened that had required more than one team to respond, so Tony had never had the opportunity to find out if Bucky would call him those affectionate nicknames over the comms. He knew that might change in the future since Bucky had apparently made a request that was going to make Rogers very unhappy but Tony wasn’t in charge of that side of things so he was firmly ignoring it until he had no other option.
Tony polished off the second pancake then raised an eyebrow when the plate disappeared as swiftly as it had appeared and was replaced with a plate of eggs and bacon and toast. He eyed them with delight and then decided that turnabout was fair play. “You’re going to make me fat, baby.”
There were more strangled noises and scoffs from the direction of the Rogues and snickers and giggles from his own team but Tony ignored them in favour of both eating and enjoying the soft blush on Bucky’s cheeks.
Bucky cleared his throat. “You didn’t eat dinner last night.”
Tony glanced up briefly. “FRI? Are you tattling on me?”
“Proper nutrition is everyone’s business,” FRIDAY said primly.
Tony grunted and kept his attention on his food. The bacon was perfectly crispy, the eggs were done exactly how he liked them and the toast had even been cut into soldiers like Ana used to do for him. He decided that FRIDAY’s tattling was okay this time and he’d let it slide.
The room remained weirdly quiet as he ate but Tony didn’t much care. The food was excellent, at least some of the company was good and he was too tired to care about the rest of it. Then a cup of coffee, brewed exactly how he liked it, slid into his field of vision.
“Here you go, котенок,” Bucky said.
Tony was sure that the choked noise that came from the other side of the room had been made by Natasha but once again, he ignored it in favour of taking a huge sip of the coffee and making some semi-pornographic noises in order to convey how good it was. 
He put the cup down and attacked his breakfast again. He alternated between bites of food and long slugs of coffee until he had finished both. Through all of this, a weird silence had reigned in the kitchen, only broken by the giggles and whispers from the other New Avengers. The Rogues hadn’t made a sound, which if he’d more awake, Tony would have agreed was strange but he was enjoying the silence too much to question it and from the way Bucky was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Sam and Scott are on thin ice
but largely neutral here
Tony Stark Feels
Fluff
lots of fluff
Tony is vague when tired
Bucky likes using endearments
Rhodey is amused
Carol is the only adult here
and she's not getting involved
Moderated because of trolls
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

