Work Text:
“I thought you were dead.”
The statement had been made by a very startled Sam Wilson and it brought the rest of his team crowding around him in the doorway. As each of them saw the man lounging in one of the chairs in the room, there were various gasps and shocked exclamations. Finally Sam stepped forward into the room properly and the team followed him, ranging themselves on either side. Directly to his right stood Bucky Barnes, whose expression was flat and guarded and just a little bit haunted. Beyond him stood a gaping Scott Lang and a composed but wary Hope Van Dyne. On Sam’s left, Wanda was glaring absolute daggers and he carefully placed one hand on Wanda’s shoulder. She had a tendency to be extremely volatile these days, since Vision had left to ‘find himself’ in the wake of his resurrection, and he didn’t want her starting something they would all regret.
“It’s not the first time people have thought that about me,” Tony Stark said idly as he tapped out a sequence into the old HYDRA computers. “You’d think they’d learn better.”
“But…” Scott said. “You died. We saw you die. We were at your funeral.”
“So I heard.” Tony wrinkled his nose. “Bit tacky and crude - even cruel - of most of you to turn up, especially since it was a private service and not a public memorial.” He paused and cocked his thoughtfully for a moment. “Then again, Carter turned up to my parents’ private memorial and I’ve recently found out she was directly involved in the cover up of their murders so I suppose there’s some precedent for it.”
The silence that fell after that statement was awkward to say the least. Scott and Hope were just confused but Bucky took a step backwards as he swallowed hard and Sam shifted the shield slung on his back just a fraction.
As if the movement of the shield had prompted him, Tony said, “Could you put that dinner plate on the floor and place your foot squarely on it? It’s just that the last time I was here, Rogers rammed that thing into my chest and nearly killed me. I’d feel a bit safer if it was on the floor.”
“What?” Sam said, blinking.
Now Tony turned to look at them. His gaze was intent and searching and very hard to meet, then he snorted and shook his head. “Why am I not surprised that Captain I Don’t Like It When My Teammates Keep Secrets From Me was a lying hypocrite to the day he drew his last breath.”
“He was a better man than you,” Wanda snapped.
Tony didn’t even bother to look at her. “You keep telling yourself that, HYDRA. You are, after all, very good at lying to yourself.”
Sam wanted to turn and look at Bucky when he heard the indrawn breath come from beside him but he couldn’t quite tear his eyes away from Stark.
“What?” Bucky snapped. “What do you mean HYDRA?”
Tony sighed and looked over at him with disdain. “Seriously? I am I the only one who ever does the reading? She was HYDRA, Barnes. Willingly volunteered for both HYDRA and to be experimented on by them. She’s not some poor innocent little waif in need of protection.” He grimaced. “You should see the training videos. What she does to the minds of the people she was honing her abilities on is nothing short of horrific.”
Sam didn’t even see Bucky move. Just that one second, Bucky was standing next to him, the next he was behind Wanda and dragging a knife across her throat. Chaos reigned for the next few seconds and when things calmed down, Wanda was dead on the floor and Bucky was standing in the far corner of the room, weapons in his hands. Scott and Hope were staring at both of them in shock and had shuffled several feet away from all of them. They looked on the verge of shrinking down and disappearing. For his part, Tony had finally stopped tapping away at the computers and was watching all of this with a sort of clinical disinterest.
“Huh, I didn’t expect that,” he said. He looked over at Bucky for a moment. “Was that you or the Soldier?”
Bucky licked his lips and didn’t move. “Both of us.”
Tony nodded. “Well, you won’t get any shit from me, though I’m guessing that you’re going to have some ‘splaining to do when you get back.”
“Wait… what?” Sam said as he looked between Tony and Bucky. “What Soldier? That’s Bucky.”
Tony snorted. “You mean, you actually believed that Wakanda had somehow managed to magically cure him? As I’ve been told repeatedly by a neurosurgeon I know… the brain doesn’t work that way.”
Sam twitched. He’d heard those words from Dr Strange as part of a terse, disgusted explanation of why the man wanted to have nothing to do with the Avengers. The rest of the explanation had had a lot to do with Wanda.
“When did you know?” Bucky asked. He didn’t look offended, just curious.
“When I saw the footage from my funeral and your performance in a number of interviews,” Tony replied easily as though people talked about their own funerals every day. “And when I saw the footage from the public memorial on the one year anniversary. I mean, at first I thought the Wakandan treatment had turned you into a sociopath 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
With a slight AU
I'm sure you can guess what it is
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Bucky's been keeping secrets
Civil War Team Iron Man
Even though we're very much post-CW
but the point stands
Tony is all out of fucks to give
Bucky hates HYDRA
Rhodey is done with everyone
Moderated due to trolls
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

