Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As much as you hate to admit it, that dorky smile he gives you every time he sees you, every time he laughs as if his sides will fall apart, and every time you notice that glint in his eye when he talks about his passions, you could become a puddle at his feet. His short blonde hair slicked with sweat as he tries to lift a few boxes to take them to the back of the factory, and he passes by you, giving you that smile. Sometimes, he comes back from a weekend with unusual spirits, and you tried not to notice how rare a smile was on those days. Even passing by you, he uses a forced grin, and it feels like an offense. Knowing damn well why he's down, but wanting him to let it out, you sit down on a box and look at him expectantly.
"Tell me what happened" you call in his direction, and before he even answers, it rings in your ears.  Can you believe they turned me down again? 
"They turned me down for the army again, said I was too small" Steve responds after a moment of holding his breath. 
"I don't understand why you keep putting yourself out there, Rogers, you know that they'll keep saying that until beyond the war is over" you admit. He turns, and nothing but raw determination is lining his features, and it is quite a turn on, except for the scowl.
"Because men are risking their lives while I sit here and work with the women in factories" he mutters. 
"You have nothing to prove to anyone, Steve. Just because Bucky got draf-"
"Don't compare me to James, we're not the same person" he insists before you can even finish. It's true, the pair were high in differences, not only in look in build. Bucky, as much as you have heard about him, is cocky, good with the ladies, tough, and constantly kept Steve out of trouble, his duty as a best friend. Steve isn't exactly shy but he's down to Earth, awkward, and constantly without meaning to, stirs a fight. Really, it's more for protecting his beliefs, or as he says he  doesn't like bullies. 
You notice he's glancing over a label on a box, avoiding eye contact with you actively, and honestly it fires you up. So, you stand up and go straight to him, tugging his collar to where he's looking right at you. His eyes are wide, and he's blinking rapidly, making the blue of his eyes rip into yours every time.
"No, you don't get to cut into an argument and then not talk to me" you say, feeling your jaw setting. Even through your irritation, you notice just how close you've gotten to him, and he doesn't dare pull back. Sighing and biting his lip, he opens his mouth to talk, but then closes it.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you, I just don't want to argue with you" his voice is sincere, and he places his hand on yours, trying to get you to loosen your grip on him. Laughing a little, you let go of his collar and back up a step or two.
"Is that the first time you've ever backed out of a fight in your life?" 
"Probably."
"Well I feel special" you say, grinning, and his puddle-inducing smile returns. Another thing you noticed through your rage was how kissable he looked like that, all innocent and defensive, almost submissive. You quickly shake away the thought, and he goes back to work with a better demeanor. --
Since you'd met him, you always noticed that little sketch book he carried in every day. During lunch, he'd occasionally pull it out and sketch, lose himself completely in every line. But you'd never complain, it gave you plenty of time to admire every part of him you could see, and imagine what you couldn't. The way his hand moved, his arm straining, the intensity of his stare, it was sinful. He'd look up and catch you staring a few times, but he just gave an assuring smile and continued on the lines. He is a piece of art, himself, and you'd never know exactly how he didn't see himself as such. You constantly wonder if he knows the effect he has on you, and if he knows the way he describes Bucky being a charming guy that could get every woman, how he's describing himself for you. 
That memorable longcase clock ringing through the place indicates a lunch break. Noticing most of the other workers pass by in a breeze, not catching a glimpse of Steve, as usual. He's heavily concentrated on something and is taking his time for food in order to finish it up. You'd met Bucky briefly once, and you made a promise before he left that you'd watch Steve carefully, don't let him get into trouble. Sighing, you go to find him in the back, opening the door of the supplies room. Hearing the typical noise of a pencil against paper, following it to the source, the small blonde propped on the ground, his back to you.
"You could at least take a chair, and you should probably eat something" you chide gently, and he leans his neck back to look at you, even if he knows it's you. The veins of his neck press against his pale skin, and you want to kiss down them desperately, you barely hear his response.
"-Later."
As soon as you come behind him to help him get up, he's shift
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Female Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Shameless Smut
Smut
Art
Explicit Sexual Content
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Sexual Tension
Sexual Fantasy
Awkward Sexual Situations
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Erections
I'm Not Ashamed
Steve Rogers Feels
Self-Denial
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Bucky Mentioned
This Wasn't Supposed To Be Smut
at first
Vaginal Sex
Condoms
Awkward Sex
Asthma
Dom Steve Rogers
sort of both
Foreplay
Kissing
Forehead Kisses
All Over Face Kisses
First Time
Love Confessions

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Female Reader

