Work Text:
Infinity War hit hard on everyone. Tony had went through a comma for two months and a half, Natasha had sacrificed herself, Vision and Loki were dead, and the memory of everyone’s loved ones turning into dust still haunted them in their sleep.
Everyone went to therapy. Sometimes they had sessions together, which was good too. They were all dealing with some sort of trauma, but they were glad it was over.
Tony had offered a place in the compound to basically everyone, even Aunt May, but some didn’t accept, like Doc. Strange, Thor, Cap. Marvel, Scott, even The Guardians had received an invitation. There were a lot of heroes around, and even though crime rate didn’t completely disappeared, it did get extremely lower.
The almost three months Tony was in a comma were the worst. Pepper, Peter, Rhodes and Happy visited him every time they could. Pepper had gotten Peter and May a place at the compound, and even though it was great, it didn’t feel like home when Tony wasn’t there.
When Tony woke up, they decided to throw a party to celebrate the victory on the War. It had been close to three months, but no one complained, they were too happy to see their favorite billionaire awake to even think about it.
The party was in a week, and in that meantime, Tony and Peter got as close as they could. Tony even talked a bit about how were the years without half of the universe, and Peter hugged him. Tony let him work in the lab with him (he had way more fun he thought he would) and they spend a lot of time together.
Tony and Pepper were like the parents Peter lost. Of course there was Aunt May, but well, she was his aunt. She didn’t get jealous or sad; she thanked the two for taking care of him and for making him happy. “If you want to make it legal, I’ll have you know I wouldn’t mind. Not that I don’t care for him, of course, but I’ll still be his aunt. You guys are really good for him, I’m cheering for the day he calls you ‘Mom’ and ‘Dad’.”
They had a conversation about that, adopting Peter was a big step and they should talk to him before anything. Pepper suggested they gave it more thought after the party; after all it had been barely a week since Tony was back, even though she’s been taking care of Peter for all those months.
By the time the party started, Peter had interacted with almost everyone. He didn’t feel the need to use his mask, he was surrounded by the people who saved the universe, he shouldn’t think about hiding his identity.
They didn’t comment on his age as he thought they would, only saying a thing or two about too many traumas for not enough age. Most of them congratulated and thanked him for the help, and some were surprised someone so young had so many abilities.
It was four a.m., Peter was talking to Bucky about his metal arm, and the people who hadn’t gone home were too drunk to send Peter to bed.
Pepper, the only responsible person present since Rhodes had gone home, showed up with a frown. “Peter, what are you doing awake? I really hope you didn’t drink from anyone’s cup.”
Peter quickly shook his head, Bucky chuckling by his side. “I didn’t think it was a problem, I mean, we’re celebrating, aren’t we? Just today, please! I swear tomorrow I’ll be in bed by nine.”
Before Pepper could sigh tiredly and Tony could enter the conversation, almost falling because he was way too drunk to properly function, they passed out.
 

 
When they wake up, everyone’s sober. They quickly scan the room, it’s a cinema room, way too wide for the exact eight seats they’re each place in, and there seems to be no door.
“Hello!” a way too enthusiastic voice speaks. “I am She, and do not worry, I did not bring you here to hurt you whatsoever.”
She sounds way too omniscient and omnipotent to everyone’s liking, specially because her voice comes from everywhere, and they can’t see her.
“I sobered you up so you could enjoy the movie!” She says.
The screen, now, shows the title “Spider-Man: Far From Home”.
“I know you have questions,” She cuts in before anyone could ask. “I am only going to clarify a few things. The movie you are about to watch is a very close replica to reality, and basically everything shown did happen in fact, apart from the fact that Tony Stark did not die. It happens while he is still in a comma, not eight months after the War ended.”
They’re all silent, what the hell’s happening after all? They still have too many questions.
“The reason why I do this, you ask? Well, I did this in another reality and things ended up well. I could not do what I am doing now there, because well, they were lucky enough to be the one where Thanos was not born. Yes, yes, that is correct; there was no Infinity War there whatsoever! How lucky.”
Peter feels like crying, he really wishes he’d been born there. So much pain had been gone through because of Thanos and his actions. He holds it in, though, because he still needs to be in alert if anything happens.
“Anyway! You are going to be back to your previous locations afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Avengers Movie Night
Movie Night
The Avengers react to Spider-Man: Far From Home
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Parent Tony Stark
Peter-centric
Peter Parker-centric
Avengers react
Protective Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Lives
Natasha is dead
im sorry
Not Beta Read
probably bad spelling & grammar
english isn't author's first language
but i try
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

