Chapter 1: Viridian Shadows
    


Notes:
Edited 10-3-14Angels are often depicted as vengeful servants of God.  Angel in this story doesn't refer to the idea of a conventionally angelic person. Think Old Testament scare the crap out of the person seeing them angel. This refers to arrogance and entitlement as well. Loki may be the Green Angel in the title, but he is not "angelic".




Chapter Text
  




The first time it happened, Tony was more than a little surprised.
He was in his shop welding the chassis of the Mark 20, his new Python, as he called it, when he felt the strange sensation of someone watching him. It was almost like he could sense someone in the very room, and not in the way he normally did. It was a completely different thing. He shook his head, looking up with the welding goggles still on and pausing. It was odd because no one came down to his lab unless they wanted something, and then they certainly didn’t watch him without saying something. He waited a moment to see if the sensation passed.The infamous “invasion” had occurred over three months ago, and since then, they hadn’t seen Thor, but he’d invited the other Avengers to use Stark Tower as a home base, unofficially naming it Avengers Tower. They all been very quick to take Tony up on his offer, and he often wondered if his money and gadgets were the only reason they wanted to be here. Fury had wanted to base everyone on the helicarrier, and to be honest, one of the reasons he offered Stark tower was to annoy SHIELD’s director. He also wanted to have Bruce around, and he knew that he’d be off and gone if he had to stay that close to SHIELD. Offering him a somewhat neutral area to work from, gave him the chance to stick around. To be honest, though Tony would never voice it aloud, he wanted Bruce’s friendship more than anything. Sometimes he was lonely, and he couldn’t tell anyone that because of who he was. He also wanted to see if he couldn’t have a better relationship with Steve since they’d gotten severely off on the wrong foot. Natasha he was still wary of and Clint seemed like he could be fun.The sensation of being watched did not go away. He wondered if Steve had come down and was hem hawing around waiting for him to acknowledge him. He felt like Steve expected him to turn and salute him when he walked into a room. Tony did, sometimes, however it was because he was being facetious. It never failed to get an annoyed look out of the military man. At least he stopped with the “salutes are a privilege” crap. Like Tony cared. He turned off the torch and stood up straight slowly. He was curious but at the same time, felt the strangest sensation crawling up his spine. He turned around, pulling the welding goggles down to see someone he didn’t expect.Loki was standing in the middle of his shop in a set of green and gold robes and looking around as though it were perfectly normal for him to be there. Tony saw no weapons or armor, and he didn’t have the crazy helmet that he liked to wear when he was trying to conquer Earth with an alien army. He looked positively placid and unhurried. It was if he hadn’t just somehow appeared in the middle of Tony Stark’s lab that quite possibly had more security on it than Fort Knox and the Pentagon combined. Tony watched for a long moment to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating. It wouldn’t have been the first time he’d imagined seeing the figure that often appeared in his night terrors of flying through the glass of his tower window and spiraling toward the ground. He swallowed a thick rising of spit and bile in the back of his throat and wondered if perhaps he had actually lost his mind this time. He’d been several days without sleep…“Sir, there is an intruder…” JARVIS began. Okay, well, if JARVIS said there was an intruder, that meant that he was actually standing in the shop and this wasn’t just some strange nightmare made in the daylight hours indicating a possible psychological break.“Really, JARVIS?” Tony cut him off before he could give him further details. It was quite obvious that he didn’t need them. What else was JARVIS going to tell him? There’s an alien that’s worshipped like a god standing in the lab. “I think I can see that.”“My apologies, Sir, I’m afraid I am not designed to pick up magical teleportation signatures,” JARVIS said.“We’ll have to fix that,” he muttered pulling off the welding gloves and approaching Loki carefully.When JARVIS spoke, he hadn’t seemed surprised, simply continued what he was doing, which seemed to be looking around the shop. Tony wasn’t sure what was going on, but he wasn’t walking right into some sort of trap. Tony was more than aware of what Loki could do. Thor had been quite willing to let them know his brother’s capabilities.Loki smiled at him, turning with an even stare. “Hello there, Anthony Stark.”“You know, we still have a hulk upstairs that is more than willing to leave another Loki-print in the floor,” he said, moving closer and putting his equipment do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Soul Bond
Tony Angst
Protective Loki
Tony-centric
Bottom Tony Stark
Dubious Consent
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Child Abuse
Past Drug Use
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Asgard
Abduction
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Bullying
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Arrogance
Red String of Fate
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers Tower
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Avengers in Asgard
Revenge
Jötunn Loki
Lemon
Parent Frigga
Thor Is Not Stupid
Loki is Not Amused
BAMF Loki
Loki Redemption
Hurt Tony Stark
Loki is a dick
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
FWUCollections

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

