Work Text:
The first time Peter’s timer stops he is eleven years old. It times out in the middle of the night and wakes him up like an electric shock. The blank timer stares at him from his wrist as he yells and screams for his aunt and uncle.He’s eleven and just lost his soul mate and it tears a whole inside of him next to the ones left by his parents.By the time Ben and May make it to his room he’s curled up and sobbing so deeply there’s barely room for breathe between each cry. When they finally wrestle him into sitting position and find out what happened, his timer is counting down three years, seven months, nine days, two hours and no seconds. This is not the last time it happens.-When Peter is thirteen he is riding his bike as quickly as his legs can propel him. He’s caught the attention of some bullies at the park, one of them a boy from his school and the others hangers on, and he knows that if they catch up it will be terrible.He knows that if he can get back home, put some walls between him and his aggressors, he’ll be fine. That’s why when his timer suddenly goes blank and he crashes from the pavement onto some gravel he wonders if there is some inherently unkind entity watching him and timing this perfectly just to mess with him. When the bullies catch up they jeer and laugh, prepared to inflict their worst, until the boy from school sees his wrist. There’s an uneasy silence as they falter in their aggression, faced with a situation all of them dread. Slowly they back away until there is only one left, he looks between the retreating group and Peter, finally reaching down to grab his arm and pull him up.
Finally he mumbles something so quiet Peter barely catches it and leaves to catch up with his friends. His words drift behind him, laced with something that might be shame and something that might be fear.“I’m sorry.”Peter walks home crying and when his aunt sees him she assumes it’s because of the grazes gracing his arms and shins, because his timer has started again. The moment he walked in the door.Ten years, no months, fifteen days, eleven hours and forty one-forty seconds.-On his second day of high school Peter encounters Flash. Flash who is big and looming for fifteen years old, who’s already grown into his body, compared to Peter’s lanky gangly self. 
He shoves him up against a locker and sneers, egged on by the crowd fanned out behind him.“Oi, Parker,” Flash starts, “I heard that-““I heard that you had to go to a psychologist when you were ten because you had such severe bladder control issues they thought it might be linked to your development. Didn’t it turn out you were just lazy, Flash?” A pretty blonde perks up to both of their lefts.Flash stutters and moves his hands away from Peter, turning to face the girl head on. His face his red and his shoulders and pulled tensely up by his neck.The girl, called Gwen Peter learns later, just smiles and stares him down head on. The crowd aren’t sure how to react and a few are struggling to hold back their giggles.
Finally Peter says, in some convoluted effort to be heroic, “No. They took him to a regular doctor. You’re right about the lazy thing though.”After that the world goes black for a second, then stars burst in his peripherals and a wonderful view of the ceiling is evident from where he lies on the floor, the owner of a brand new black eye. On his second day of high school he meets Gwen and for the first time in a long time he feels at home around another person.-Two weeks after they become friends they talk about their timers. Gwen shows him her time, a jumble of numbers and letters, not all of which look English.“They have no idea what’s wrong with it,” she says, a sly pride flowing smoothly through her voice, “The first time it was activated it said I had two seconds until the one, and then it did this. Sometimes I wake up and it looks like normal numbers, but then it changes back to this.”“Does it worry you at all?” Peter asks, self-consciously gripping his wrist.“Yeah of course, sometimes, but,” Gwen hesitates for the first time since they’ve started speaking, her eyes darting from side to side on the wall opposite them, “I dunno. I kind of like not being defined by a date. I like that, I dunno. I don’t have to be worried about being in the right place, right time. Worried about who I’m with. But yeah. It can still bother me. But I try to think big picture, you know?”Peter swallows and smiles, then tells Gwen everything. She’s pretty shocked, then intensely curious and interested. A tiny, guilty, teenage hormone boy part of Peter wishes he could show her the way it stops starts, stops starts like a jittery pulse, but all he can show her are his times.Four years, six months, nineteen days, six hours and fifty-eight seconds.It goes blank again one month later and Peter begins to think he’ll never be prepared for this, no matter how many times it seems to happen.-Peter is sixteen years old and uncle Ben is killed because he couldn’t co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Uh First fic
so if i've tagged something wrong just let me know
tumblr prompt fic
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Timers
abuse mention
cancer mention

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

