Work Text:
“You almost ready Y/n?” Tony asked through the door.“Um, can you come in for a sec, I need help.” You hear him chuckle and then the door click, followed by a small gasp from him. You can see his expression in the mirror, he can’t seem to take his eyes off your back, completely exposed as you hadn’t done the zipper up yet.“Tony” He seemed to come back to reality and moved his eyes to yours in the mirror.“Yeah” You roll your eyes knowing he hadn’t heard a word you said.“I asked if you could zip me up, I can’t reach” He froze for a moment before he snaps himself together and nods, walking closer until he was almost touching your back. You take a breath when his hands touch your zipper, goosebumps appearing on your skin.

You can feel his breath on the back of your neck as he moved the zipper slowly. His eyes focused on yours in the mirror, neither looking away, something so electric in the air between you. It always caused you to feel a little warmer, especially lower down. You couldn’t help it though, he made you want to do sinful things with him.

Once his hands got to the top, he let his fingers run along your shoulders and as he caresses you gently. You don’t move, you can’t even think with him this close to you. Watching him in the mirror as he moves his head down to your shoulder and gave you a small kiss before breaking eye contact. “Okay princess all done.”You cleared your throat and looked away from the mirror, taking a deep breath, you couldn’t focus on him right now. Moving away from him and the intensity of his eyes, you distract yourself by putting on your earrings.“So, how do I look” you ask twirling around for him. His eyes were big and round as he stared at you in awe, his pants getting tighter the longer he stared. Coughing to cover up that he was reacting very positively to your look, in a way he shouldn’t for his sister. “Wow, princess you look amazing. Steve’s a lucky guy.”“Thanks, Tones” you say kissing his cheek.“Should we get going.” He asks, cheeks turning pink.“Yeah” you bit your lip to stop your giggle at how adorable he looked like that and followed him out the door.***“I’m proud of you princess.” Tony said after a few minutes of Happy driving you two to the church where Steve and everyone else was waiting for you.“Yeah.” You can’t help but smile, eager to hear what he could say. Even after all these years, you still sought his approval. He stared down at you and you notice how close you two had gotten to each other. If you moved anymore, you’d be on top of him.He licked his lips and couldn’t help but glance down and look at yours. “Yeah”You don’t know who moved first, but his lips were suddenly on yours and you couldn’t help but moan at being able to finally taste him. His hands moved to touch your hip with one hand and your cheek with the other. Deepening the kiss and opening your mouth a little for him. He took full advantage and started to probe your mouth with his tongue. Moaning into his lips, you move from the seat and onto his lap without breaking the kiss. His hand on your hip starts to slide slowly over your body. You can’t help yourself and you soon start grinding your hips into his. Feeling something start to harden in his pants. You moan at the thought that you did that to him and keep up your movements needing him to be harder for you.

Tony groaned and brought both hands to your hips, helping guide your movements to make sure you got the best pleasure. Feeling his hard dick hit your clit caused you to moan loudly in his mouth. “Fuck.” You whimper wrapping your arms around his neck needing to ground yourself. He quickens his movements a bit more trailing kisses down your mouth to your neck. Tempted to leave a few bites down your neck but he didn’t want you to get in trouble.“Tony.” You moan bucking into him, not being able to hold still. He holds your hips tighter not letting you go any faster.“You like that babygirl. Want to cum on my lap and soak those panties for me. Tell big brother what you want.”“Please big brother, I wanna cum. Please let me cum, I need it.” You whine, needing to cum so badly.“Fuck, yeah baby, cum for big brother.” He slapped your ass letting you know you could move faster and you did. You start grinding as fast as you can, feeling yourself about to go over the edge.“Fuck Tony.” You moan loudly head falling back and tightening your legs around his as you finally let go, drenching your panties.He starts to guide your hips again, knowing you couldn’t move. You were still riding out your aftershocks and he helped you work through them. Eventually, it becomes too much and you make a small noise of discomfort and he stops, moving his hands to your cheeks and bringing your lips back to his. He lets you calm down and relax for a moment more before he grabs your legs to flip you over, so your back is on the limo seat.Settling in between your legs, his hands reach up to your thigh and slide your dress up until it’s over your hips. He admires you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Sister!Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Fiance!Reader
Steve Rogers x Y/n
Tony Stark x Y/n - Relationship

freeform: 
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Animated GIFs
Smut
Sex
Cheating
Infidelity
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
First Time
inappropriate crush
cheating on Steve Rogers
Cheating on Fiance
Wedding Day
Sex in a Car
Limousine Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Making Out
Risky
Lust
Cum dripping
Incest
Sibling Incest
Brother/Sister Incest
Brother Tony Stark
sister reader
Sister!Reader
Dry Humping
Grinding
before wedding sex
Mentioned Steve Rogers
she loves both
Vaginal Fingering
Penis In Vagina Sex
Vaginal Sex
Incest Kink
Happy forced to listen
poor Happy
Erotic Gif
Explicit Gif
sex gif
porn gif
Reader-Insert
Original Character(s)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Sister!Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Fiance!Reader
Steve Rogers x Y/n
Tony Stark x Y/n - Relationship

