Chapter 1: Just Go Along With It
    




Chapter Text
☾✩☽
 
 

Thor could work for hours, and it would always feel like time went by in the blink of an eye.

 

He was the CEO over the American sector of Asgardian Enterprises, and although he didn’t own the company 

yet

 -his father was the CEO over the entire thing- that was his goal.

 

He’d been working in his father’s company since he was 21, and he’d steadily worked his way up to becoming the CEO of the American sector, which was a position he’d been vying for his entire life.

 

He was currently 40, and didn’t plan on stopping anytime soon.

 

Of course, he was 

also

 single, but… that wasn’t important. 

 

In a world where everyone was getting married around him, Thor kept working, knowing that more than anything, he didn’t really care about something like mating and having kids, and being responsible for people other than himself. 

 

So when his best friend of 30 years called him to tell him he was engaged, Thor was beside himself with shock.

 

He even had to take a small break from his work, completely beside himself with disbelief. “What the hell do you mean you’re getting married?”

 

His best friend Freyr laughed softly, amused by Thor's reaction. “I’m 38, Thor. I think it’s been a long time coming.”

 

Thor shook his head, trying to wrap his head around this. “I-I didn’t even know you and Gerd were that serious! You’ve only been dating her for-”

 

“5 Years. I’ve been dating her for 5 years, Thor.”

 

“...Oh.”

 

“Yeah. It took me some time, but… I know she’s the one for me.”

 

Thor exhaled softly, happy for his friend but still shocked that he was getting married. “And here I was thinking that we’d be eligible bachelors forever.”

 

Freyr let out a hearty laugh. “Thor, that was never my dream or a goal that I wanted to reach in life.” The man sighed softly then, his voice gentler than Thor had ever heard. “I want kids, Thor. And… and I want to marry the woman I believe completes me. Gerd is literally everything I’ve ever wanted, and we’re both in a place with our careers where we feel we can take a break, and focus on being married, and starting a family.”

 

Thor was silent for some time. “Freyr… I don’t really understand, but… but if you’re happy, then I’m happy. I’m proud of you, and… and I know that you’ll succeed in this endeavor just like you’ve succeeded in every other part of your life. You deserve all the happiness in the world.”

 

“Wow… thank you, Thor. That… that actually means a lot coming from you.”

 

Thor snorted, deciding that he would extend his break for a bit longer to talk to his friend. “So when’s the wedding?”

 

“In six months, in Hawaii. I was sort of hoping that you’d be my best man.”

 

Thor inhaled sharply, blown away by the honorable request. “Freyr… Freyr of 

course

 I’ll be your best man! You didn’t even have to ask me.”

 

His friend laughed, amused yet touched. “I hope you know that means you’ll be 

quite

 involved in this wedding.”

 

Snorting, Thor rolled his eyes, believing that the best man of the groom only had to plan the bachelor party. “What else do I have to do but plan a bachelor party?”

 

“Uh, help pick out tuxes for myself and the other groomsmen, be responsible for organizing where we’re all going to stay, pay for the groom’s gift, just to name a few. Look up the responsibilities online, Thor, there’s got to be a list somewhere out there.”

 

Thor huffed, mildly annoyed by the heavy involvement that would be required of him, but knowing that he would do whatever his best friend needed him to do in order to make his day special. “Well, I’ve got six months to plan. I’ll be alright.”

 

“That reminds me, who are you bringing to the wedding? I need to know now, so that Gerd and I can mail out the invitations.”

 

Thor’s face pinched into a frown as he weighed every option.

 

If he paid someone to go with him, it would be obvious that he did so, and that would only make things worse for him, and make him look bad. His mother would cry about how he was wasting his life away with “undesirable omegas” and bringing this proud family to shame, his aunts would keen about him being a bachelor forever, Freyr’s family would try and continue to set Thor up with one of Freyr’s cousins, and he really didn’t feel like dealing with any of that. 

 

If he went alone, he’d be the eligible bachelor of the event, and everyone would be swooning over him, trying to win his affection or set him up on dates with people that he could honestly not care less about.

 

He was leaning towards bringing his youngest brother as his date -the omega would love the opportunity to go to Hawaii- but figured he shouldn’t, as that wouldn’t stop people from trying to woo them 

both

.

 

Knowing his brother, he would take 

full

 advantage of being the center of attention like he always did, and then Thor would be forced to protect his brother from questionable alphas all night.

 

“Uhhhh… I’m bri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Age Difference
CEO Thor
Assistant Loki
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Male Pregnancy
Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Smut
So much smut
Introspection
Abusive Parents
Abusive Family
Loki needs all the hugs
Light At the End Of the Tunnel
True Love
Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

