Chapter 1: spending time
    




Chapter Text

It was a Tuesday. The day Peter Parker's whole world came to a halt was a Tuesday.
 
Tony and Pepper told him they were going to become parents three weeks prior. And Peter was stoked. He really was. There's nothing more exciting than a new addition to the family.
 
Except… except Peter wasn't really part of this family himself. He realized that on said Tuesday. He was in school, like every other weekday, and he had gym. Ned was failing to climb the rope, MJ was skipping, Peter was pretending to be failing and Flash… Flash was being a dick. As always. Really.
 
At least it should have been as always. But the Starks had announced their expected baby to the news the day prior, so everybody wanted to talk about it. Including Flash. Or better said, Flash wanted to talk about Peter. Wanted to taunt him, because he would never have a parent. No matter how much he liked to play pretend or how much he lied to have an internship at Tony's. He was just an outsider. And he would never be more.
 
And of course it wasn't the first time. It surely wouldn't be the last. But somehow, on that exact day, Peter realized Flash was right. Tony and Pepper would have their own baby, their own child. And Peter just was an intern for Tony. Nothing more, nothing less. So what if Peter loved Tony like a father? It didn't change the fact that he wasn't. Not until their child at least.
 
And with that realization came even more realizations. Like that maybe Peter shouldn't be around the Starks so much. They would need all the time they got to care for the baby.
 
So maybe… maybe he should use all the time he had still left and spent it with Tony? So when the baby finally comes he can leave them alone and maybe just drop by occasionally?
 
***
 
He starts following his new plan right after gym class. While he's waiting for Ned to finish changing, he types a message to Tony.
 
>So… maybe I can drop by today? Work on the suit or something?<
 
The answer comes almost instantly.
 
>Today's Tuesday. Right?<

>I dont have the wrong day?<

>Yes?<

>Not a good time?<

>You don't usually come over on tuesdays. Something happened?<

>No? Just wanting to spent time?<

>not sounding very convinced there<

>Happy'll pick you up after school.<
 
Peter can feel his own relief hitting him like a wave.
 

He seems to act very suspiciously after their conversation, because Ned starts eying him weirdly 15 minutes into their next class, until he slips a piece of paper over the table to ask what's up. Peter smiles at him reassuringly and just writes down 'going to Tony's after school' to which Ned smiles brightly and doesn't ask further. Ned know how nervous Peter gets whenever he meets with Tony.

 
At 3 pm school's finally over and after saying goodbye to Ned, he sprints to Happy's car which is parked in front of the school. He always waits in the no-parking zone but neither Happy nor Tony seem to have a problem with that. And the school doesn't seem to either because no one ever said anything.
 
Happy greets him as grumpy as ever and after that it's silence. That doesn't matter though because now Peter has all the time to think about stuff he could do with Tony, stuff he has to do with Tony before his time runs out.
 
They should tinker on Peter's suit, at least for a bit, because Peter used that explanation for why he would come over. But after that… maybe they could go out for an ice cream, or watch a movie, or maybe they could just talk a bit, or even tinker with the Iron Man suit? 
 
So many possibilities, so many things they still haven't done. He just needs a bit of time. All the time he has left. He needs to use every single second.
 
When they finally reach the tower Peter actually runs towards the elevator which is to slow in opening up the doors, so he nearly slams into them. FRIDAY also seems to be confused by his enthusiasm, when she ask where he would like to go. He lets her take him to wherever Tony currently is and ends up in his lab, just as expected.
 
What he didn't expect though was Pepper standing next to him and both of them seemingly absorbed into a discussion they're having.
 
Peter doesn't immediately make himself known, so he hears Pepper complaining about Tony not having any time for her and how he promised to accompany her to her doctors appointment today. He doesn't hear anything more, seeing as FRIDAY loudly announces his arrival.
 
Both Tony and Pepper turn towards him and Tony smiles apologetically.
 
“Ah. Kid. Sorry, I seem to have missed a date I had today. So no tinkering today. But maybe when you can come over tomorrow? You ask your aunt and just come over after school then. Alright?”
 
Peter stands in the hallway, completely taken by surprise. “Oh… Yeah… sure. I'll just go home then…” Peter tries not to show how hurt he is, but Tony seems to pick up on it regardless.
 
“How about we just drive you home? Sounds good?”
 
But before Peter can answer Pepper cuts in. “Sorry, Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Lives
Irondad
spiderson
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Pregnant Pepper Potts
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Starkfamily
Peter Parker Misses Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Jealous Peter Parker
Eventual Happy Ending
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Eventual Fluff
creepy watching
Sneaky Peter Parker
Moving
Fainting
Oblivious Tony Stark
Oblivious Pepper Potts
Unhappy Peter Parker
getting stabbed on patrol
Stabbed Peter Parker
Blood
Medical Inaccuracies
Sleepy Tony
Movie Night
tired tony
Lonely Peter Parker
Pepper's parents - Freeform
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

