Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Thanos looks at him, smugly, victoriously.


"I am… inevitable." 


The alien snaps his fingers. 
Nothing happens.


 


Confusion spreads over Thanos' face. Quickly followed by realization. Then, alarm as he once more glances at Tony.


 

"And I... am," a wry twist of Tony's lips, but utter conviction in his voice as he continues, "Iron Man."

Somehow, he knew it was always going to come down to this. From the moment he first announced to the press that he himself was Iron Man, Tony knew that it was always going to end in some version of this.



He snaps his fingers.



And it changes the very fabric of the universe.

+++
It tugs at him. The darkness. Oblivion. Death.
He can't fight it.
There is barely anything left in him.
+++
Rhodey lands in front of him.
His platypus.
A hand brushing through Tony's hair, resting against the side of his face.
An almost-smile.
And utter desolation in Rhodey’s eyes as they meet Tony's.
+++
Peter scrambling up to him.
"Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark, we won! We did it!"
There is a desperate sort of pleading in the kid's voice, almost the exact tone of voice as in the aftermath of their last battle against Thanos, the 'I don't want to go' that rung in Tony's ears for years, when Peter was fading and Tony could do nothing but watch.
He likes 'We did it!' much better as a note to go out on.
But Rhodey’s hand is on Peter's shoulder, reassuring the kid and also telling Tony without words that he doesn't have to worry.
That Peter will be taken care of.
Same as Rhodey has always taken care of another too-bright-and-far-too-idealistic genius.
+++
"We’re going to be okay, Tony. You can rest now." 
Pepper.
His Pepper and her beautiful, soft smile telling him that everything is okay. Even as he can see her heart breaking in her eyes.
He never meant for her to get hurt.
He thinks she never expected anything else.
+++
He knows it's only the remnants of his old, trusty stubbornness that let him cling on to life for just that little bit longer, just long enough to at least give him the chance to say goodbye.
But even that is fading now.
There simply isn't anything left in him.
No fight, no strength, no nothing. It has all been taken by the infinity stones. Everything of him taken in exchange for returning everyone else.
Tony thinks it's absolutely, incredibly worth it.
The best damn deal he has made in his entire life.
+++
He slips away a little further, can barely make out Pepper's features anymore. Vision blurry, hearing gone.
He's barely there anymore.
And it's tugging at him, almost a little coaxing.
Vast and inky blackness. Cold and ever-lasting numbness.
And peace.
Tranquility.
If he had the strength, Tony thinks he would quite like to smile at the serene feeling beckoning him from the beyond.
+++
He lets go.
+++
Tony thinks he might have blinked. An instant of all-encompassing, all-consuming darkness.
+++

"I am inevitable."


"And I am... Iron Man."

+++
"Truth is, I am Iron Man."
Mayhem.
There is a ringing in his ears.
Like the echo of a drum, like thunder rolling, like a deep bell being rung, the echo reverberating  through his very bones, the sound so boundless, so all-consuming it makes it hard to even see straight.
Maybe that's the reason why the things in front of him just don't seem to be making any sort of sense.
Because, why in the world are there reporters? Why is there a whole room full of reporters in front of him, yelling for his attention.
Not that their questions are making a whole lot of sense to him.
He blinks against the confusion.
Just seconds ago, he was still on the battlefield, Thanos defeated, destruction everywhere around him, Rhodey and Peter and Pep in front of him.
And Tony died. He knows he did. Knows it with utter, immovable certainty.
He had felt himself dying.
Not like in Siberia where he had stubbornly forced his body through the motions to get himself some help or to find a way to help himself. Because he still had things to do.
Not like in that cave with the Ten Rings. Where freedom had only ever been a question of 'when' and not 'if'.
Not like any of those other life-threatening situations or almost-deaths over the years. Some medical, some courtesy of the villain of the week, some self-inflicted by way of reckless self-endangerment.
No, this had been different.
He had faded, literally felt his grip on life loosen.
A blink of utter darkness.
So, how is he here?
Wherever here is.
Tony blinks at the reporters all crowding around where he is standing at the front of the room, podium in front of him, Rhodey at his side.
He just blinks at them all, utterly stupefied, tries to make sense of his surroundings.
Although, seriously.
If this turns out to be his afterlife, he's going to be pissed. Being caught in a never-ending press conference, forever forced to answer the increasingly invasive questions from complete strangers while fully aware that no matter what h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Time Travel Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony-centric
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

