Work Text:
Steve pulls the guy into his apartment, past the entrance to his bedroom, and into his kitchen.“You needed to use my phone?” He calls out. The guy nods with a puzzled expression.“Why are you yelling, dude?” Steve shushes him with wide eyes and a stern expression. He gestures toward the bedroom. His neighbor, a lean brunet with a perpetual smirk, lowered his voice. “What’s the plan here, buddy?”Steve levels him with a steely gaze—or tries to. The guy gives him an amused smirk and rolls his bottom lip into his mouth.  “Seriously, let me know and I’ll help out. I’m real accommodating,” his grin full of teeth. Steve started to respond several times, but interrupted himself each time. He must look like a complete idiot here. He’s never exchanged more than a ‘hello’ with this guy before in the six months he’s been living here, and here he is, trying to explain his mistake of a one-night-stand who he can’t get to leave. And it doesn’t help how good this guy looks with a mocking grin on his face. Not to mention that he’s cute, with a mouth that won’t quit moving and bright, heavy lidded eyes. A pang of shame runs through Steve as he wishes he’d woken up to this guy, rather than the man currently in his bed who—well, was fine, but more than a bit of an ass. He remembers shutting the man up with a hot and heavy open-mouthed kiss just as the man started parroting opinions Steve can’t stand, and letting the night take them back to his place, where Steve kept shutting him up, over and over. Not his best moment.“I—there’s this dude here and I can’t get rid of him.” Steve tries to play it off like it’s nothing, like he does this all the time. Inside, he’s anxious and annoyed and wanting to get as far away as last night as possible, but his face is placid as a lake as he smiles and shrugs.The guy raises an eyebrow. “A dude? Really?”“What?”“Nothing. I mean, I’m just a little surprised.”“At what? I see guys coming out of your apartment all the time,” and Steve hears himself and cringes internally. He didn’t mean to get defensive, but it came out quick. He still wasn’t quite used to this—not one-night stands, not talking to people about his sexual preferences. “Not that I’m judging, I just don’t really—“The guy laughs, and looks Steve up and down, apparently appreciating the view. “Man, I just thought you were straight, is all. Weren’t you with that blonde girl for months or something?”“I’m bi, not that it’s any of your business.” He peeks his head into the hallway, where he can see into his bedroom. Damn. The man, whose name (shamefully, so shamefully, Lord it had been such a rough night) has escaped him, would not get out of his bed. Steve was an affectionate guy, but while morning snuggles were fantastic—the best—when you liked someone, he’d woken and jumped out of bed, and out of reach of whatever-his-name-is.“Oh, you’re one of those dudes,” this guy says with a knowing tone, but whatever he knows is sure to piss Steve off; obstinate bull that he is, he barrels ahead.“What dudes,” he says, and turns to look for his phone. He finds it. “Before you say anything, could you fake an emergency. I don’t know, I have to drive you to the hospital or something.” He pleads with his eyes, even while annoyed as shit.“Sure, buddy,” this guy says with a fucking grin, and God it’s attractive, his lips are so full and his whole face changes when he smiles and his tongue keeps running across the bottom of his teeth, but then he says, “you know, those bi dudes who date girls and fuck guys in between.”“That’s not a thing,” Steve says, still on the defensive, and really, that’s not a thing.“It really is,” the guy says, taking Steve’s phone and walking into his living room. He’s loud, a bit too loud, but Steve’s grateful either way. He walks around the couch as he talks, walking around the periphery of the room to study the paintings on the walls.“Becky? Beck, what’s up? It’s Bucky, is everything alright? What? You were hit by a car and need me to come see you right now? You need your insurance card? Of course I’ll be there sis, you’re the only one I got,” and Steve is rolling his eyes at the fake sincerity in his voice, “I just need to get a ride. Don’t worry, I got this real nice neighbor, I’m sure he’ll do it for me,” and the guy looks at Steve and fucking winks. “Great sis, I’m real sorry about the accident, see you in a bit.”Then he pitches his voice toward Steve and says, “hey, neighbor. Could I trouble you for a ride across town,” and just keeps grinning. He mouths “pretty good, right” and Steve shrugs with a deadpan face. Steve wants to smile back—his grin is infectious, and Steve can feel the corners of his lips pulling up. The man from last night—Brett maybe? Or Brick? Neither of those seemed like real names—stumbled out into the hallway in his underwear. His neighbor looked Brett (maybe) up and down, nodding his head as he got to the man’s abs. “Steve? What’s going on?”Steve gestures behind him. “This is my neighbor—he’s h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tattoos
Veterans
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Bicycles
inspired by What's Your Number

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

