Chapter 1: The beginning
    


Notes:
Hello everyone! Welcome to my first fic!Fair warning, the first couple chapters were going to be short and sweet, but as the story goes on they will get much longer. Please stick through it, I promise things will get better!Thanks! Enjoy!B

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Alpha, Omega and Beta. The three classifications everyone is born with, but don’t know until the age of thirteen. Why our biology determines to find out our classifications during the most hormonal time of your life is beyond me. Of course, with your classification comes your marks, another thing that shows up when you present. I am not sure why being a teenager means going through puberty, presenting not just your classification but your mark, dealing with school, drama and every other thing under the sun. But I guess that is just biology, right? My name is Samantha, but you can call me Sam. I presented seven years ago now and things have never been the same since.I remember my thirteenth birthday so vividly. I woke up to my mom knocking on my door and walking in with a tray of food with a tiny wrapped gift sitting on the corner of the tray. I sat up in my bed and watched as she walked to me and set the tray on my bedside table. She looked at me and smiled. “Good morning, sweetie! Happy birthday!” she said and gave me a hug. I returned the sentiment and smiled when she pulled back. “Okay honey, I want you to know your father would be so proud of you no matter what you present as. Just as I am.” She said with tears pooling in her eyes. My father died last year in an accident, my mom never told me the details saying I was too young and wanted me to remember my dad in the most positive light possible. I smiled at my mom, she was such an inspiration to me.My mom is an omega, and my dad was her alpha. When he died she was a wreck, but she pulled herself together for my sake and beat all the odds against her and got a job to support us and began working full time. She was a clerk at the post office, nothing glorious but it paid the bills and allowed her to keep the house my father built for us.I got out of bed and began walking to the full body mirror. I was wearing a tank top and shorts so it would allow me to see any marks I had. I kept my head down as I walked up to it, and with a deep breath, I looked at myself in the mirror. My eyes widened a bit as I saw not one mark I like I was expecting, but at least four. My breath hitched as I studied them, with shaking hands I lifted the hem of my tank top and saw two more marks.On my ankle, I had a silhouette of a ballerina on pointe, on the front my thigh I had an arrow, the side of my left thigh had a blue circle looking thing, the inside of my right arm had a circle with red and blue circles with a star in the middle, my ribcage had a green double helix, and my hip had a red star. I stared at my body in disbelief, not sure how to handle what I was looking at. My lip quivered as I stared at myself, feeling totally overwhelmed. My mom was watching my reaction carefully, I turned around to look at her with tears threatening to spill over to my cheeks. “Oh baby, it’s okay. Come here.” She said with her arms open. I ran to her and hugged her, she pulled me onto her lap and ran her fingers through my hair. “Multiple marks are totally fine sweetheart, it just means more people are going to love you and take care of you.” I began crying harder at that, “Momma it isn’t just a few marks, I have six!” I exclaimed before I began sobbing into her chest.She shushed me as she rocked me back and forth in her arms. We waited for my body to present itself with my classification next. The slick that began forming between my legs and the way my body began to get uncomfortably hot confirmed what I was worried about, not only did I just find out I have six marks, but I presented as an omega. I began crying even harder and she rubbed circles on my back. “Baby girl, I am so proud of you! There is nothing wrong with being an omega, I think I would know.” She said with a wink. I let out a wet laugh and tried to wipe away my tears on my arm. She brought me over to the bed, urging me to sit down. “Your father and I bought this when you were just a baby.” She said grabbing the present off the tray and walking it back over to me. She handed it to me, and I held it in my shaking hands. I untied the ribbon and ripped off the paper. It was a black velvet box. I opened the box and saw the most beautiful bird necklace with diamonds on the wings. I gasped and hugged my mom. “Momma, it is beautiful! Thank you, I wish dad was here to see me with it.” She grabbed it and told me to move my hair and turn around. She clasped it around my neck and gave me a kiss on the cheek. “I guess I will leave you to it, darling, I know how it is for an omega when they present for the first time.” She chuckled and left. I watched her close the door softly, h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/OFC
Tony Stark/OFC
Steve Rogers/OFC
Bruce Banner/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC
Natasha Romanov/OFC
Clint Barton/OFC

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Dom/sub
Light BDSM
BDSM
Developing Relationship
not realistic timeline
Spanking
Consensual
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Sex
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
not sure what direction this is going
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Romance
Fluff and Angst
Eventual Smut
POV First Person
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Domestic Discipline
Soulmates
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Clint Barton
Beta Natasha Romanov
Beta Bruce Banner
Omega OFC
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Minor Character Death
Superpowers
Subspace
Mind Manipulation
Recovery
Mental Health Issues
we get through it
sam will be fine
Bad Coping Methods
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Alpha Peter Parker
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/OFC
Tony Stark/OFC
Steve Rogers/OFC
Bruce Banner/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC
Natasha Romanov/OFC
Clint Barton/OFC

