Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It all started with a mistake…
A mistake he will never regret….….Waiting… it was the most hated thing he was forced to do. Just sit here in his chair and wait… wait for a bunch of stupid sticks to decided his life forever, wait for it to tell him how much he messed up, how he was such an idiot and destroyed his life. He swallows and closes his eyes tightly praying to God that it wasn't what he thought of. It was just a stupid mistake, just a stupid party he went to because it would be the last time he will see his best friend before he left for God knows how long, his problem? He drank too much, he clouded his judgment, and end up sleeping with someone without protection. It would have been fine, after all, he wasn't in heat, and it should have been fine… it should…But everything starts changing two weeks later when he started feeling sick every morning, the first time it happened, he thought he caught a stomach bug, that it will go when time pass but after a month and a half? He knew something was wrong… in the end, he went and bought as many tests as he could, hoping against hope that he was wrong…Just thinking about what his father would do made him sick again, ever since his mother died when he was ten, his father was too overprotective, too controlling when he wants, he would flip and he will tell him and then he would be forced to return home or worse, in hope of stopping the scandal that was going to take a place. A pregnant Omega without a mate? He would better kill himself than be at the world's mercy.The sound of the alarm going off made him jump from his seat, heart pounding in his chest; he stood up and went to the sticks that he arranged on the desk, his breath hitching as he put his hand on the first stick…
Positive…

Two lines…
Pregnant…The breath left his body, and he felt like he was going to pass out any minute now, he felt like the room was getting smaller and smaller and he was stuck in here with no way out. His breath hitches and he felt the tears he couldn't control anymore slid down his face.He wanted to scream, he wanted to curse and yell, and break things. He wanted to pick the phone and call his friends, tell them that he needs them, that he did something stupid, that he needed someone here with him. But the problem he couldn't, Rhodey has enlisted in the army, and no matter what he wanted he couldn't bring himself to bother the older man. Pepper was out there trying to get a job, trying to have a real-life with her fiance Happy, so why would she have time for him. Jarvis was gone, and so was his mother, and his father was not someone you just tell him this kind of things, you never know what the old man will do. And unfortunately, he didn't have many friends or people who will stand to be in his presence for more than a few seconds at any giving time.Tony never felt so alone…His first appointment at the clinic...Tony sat in the hard plastic chair thinking, as soon as he got the life-changing news from those sticks, he made sure to make an appointment with the Omegas' clinic near him, mainly in hope that the sticks are wrong and he was baby-free, but if he was… Tony swallows at that and clenches his shaking hands into fists. For a week now, Tony had been thinking about his options, about the baby, and about what he was going to do.And Tony agreed that he couldn't keep the baby, he couldn't take care of himself half of the time! He doesn't need a baby in the mix. His work was dangerous; inventing weapons for SI was no small fate, he had to beg his father for days hoping the older man will see that Tony had grown up, that he wasn't a child anymore, that he could be as good as his father, that his graduation of MIT at the age of sixteen meant something. His father didn't want him to work at first, fearing something would happen in the labs and Tony would get hurt, as much as it made a lump sticking in his throat just by thinking of it, Obadiah Stane was the one who convince his father that it was OK for Tony to work with them.So why would he be stupid as to endanger his only chance of being something, of changing the world into a better place for that… that parasite that letch on him? Tony made his mind, as soon as the obstetrician tells him that he was pregnant, Tony was going straight away to abort it."Anthony Carbonell." Hearing that name made Tony sick, made his voice vanish, so he just raised his hand and stood up, following the nurse that called him. "Wait in her Mr. Carbonell. Dr. Cho will be with you any minute now." Said the woman after leading him to set on the chair when his legs couldn't support him anymore, Tony swallow at that and nods his head feeling like he was going to be sick any minute now.A minute passed, maybe hours? Tony didn't know or care about that, he was in his own little world, trying desperately to convince himself that this was just a nightmare, a nightmare that he will wake up from… hopefully. Tony sighs and looks down at his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Implied Mpreg
Parent Steve Rogers
Kid Peter Parker
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Depression
Trauma
Car Accidents
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Bad Decisions
Panic Attacks
Asthma
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Kid Fic
Healing
Family Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Domestic Fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling
Slow Burn
Nesting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Mates
Eventual Romance
Eventual Relationships
Eventual Sex
Eventual Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

