Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It started with a phone call, a call that set off alarm bells with the newly pardoned Avengers, not that Tony would know for quite some time.The Avengers (both remaining and Rogues) found them selves altogether in the same room for only the second time since the Rogues had been pardoned. They were in a meeting discussing new training and asset distribution, the conversation stilted by the still present tension between both groups.Now, Tony might have been instrumental in the getting them pardoned, but that didn’t mean he forgave any of them, or forgot anything that happened between them. Most of the time he still felt numb over the events of Siberia. He could hardly fathom how one of his best friends, someone he had trusted most in the world, had been capable of leaving him for dead. He couldn’t move on when Rhodey was still in the throes of learning to walk again, with the help of Stark prosthetics. He couldn’t forgive when none of them could see how they had been in the wrong, how they had hurt him. But he knew the pardoning was necessary. The world needed the Avengers. All of them. Everything was changing, events were being set in motion and the future needed the Avengers in it to protect it. No matter the personal cost. But while he knew the world needed the Avengers, that didn’t mean he did. He had Pepper. And Happy. And Peter. He needed to protect them from whatever the world threw at them, which meant bringing the Avengers back together. It also meant keeping the Rogue Avengers far away from anything to do with Peter. Peter had partially moved into the Avengers Compound a few months back, after May had spent four consecutive night shifts in the hospital and Peter had nearly bled out on the carpet floor from a stabbing on patrol gone wrong. Tony and May had agreed that they couldn’t let that happen again. So they had compromised, May would have weekends and any odd day that she wasn’t on a night shift and Peter would spend the rest of his time at the compund. It was far from ideal, what with the extra travel for school and the added stress of avoiding the Rogues when coming in and out, but Tony had volunteered Happy to drive him to and from school and Peter predominantly stayed within Tony’s wing of the compound so had yet to actually see the other Avengers.Ned had flipped out when Peter had come into school and whispered to him in Chemistry about the transition. It had resulted in a detention for Peter from Mr Harris but it was worth it. So here’s where Tony’s problems began. He was sat in amongst the recently pardoned Rogues, the seating arrangement was Pepper’s idea to ‘foster and re-build old relationships’, so he was currently sat in-between Clint and Steve and opposite Natasha. Rhodey, unfortunately for Tony, had begged off attendance due to physiotherapy and Tony hadn’t wanted to post-pone and bring more attention to the still present consequences of their so-called ‘Civil War’.His phone vibrated. The buzzing interrupted the Clint and Sam’s negotiation of gym and training equipment, causing attention to turn to Tony. “Stark, I thought we booked your valuable time,” Sam huffed, jokingly. “I mean, it only took us two weeks.” Tony glanced at the Number ID to see Peter’s smiling face flashing from his home screen. He immediately felt concerned, checking his watch, he confirmed that it was only 14:30pm. Shouldn’t Peter be at school?Worried, Tony moved to rise from his seat and answer, the excuse tumbling from his lips, “It’s work, I’ve got to-“Steve questioned, curious but intentionally not accusatory, they were still working to repair old relationships, after all, “Tony, why would work be phoning? Pepper organised this meeting for all of us, and anyone else would phone Pepper not you. What’s going on?”“It, er, it is actually Pepper. Probably an update, or something, I’ve just got to-“ He pressed accept, still giving the passive ‘I’ll be just a moment’ spiels to the other Avengers as he left the room.As he exited, he pulled the door closed for privacy.This, however, didn’t stop Steve and Bucky’s super-powered hearing from accidentally overhearing the one-sided conversation.“Hey, is everything alright?” Tony’s voice sounded genuinely worried, which piqued their interest, was something wrong with Pepper?
“I thought I said you weren’t supposed to phone when at s-“
Steve and Bucky gave each other confused looks, Why would Tony say Pepper shouldn’t phone him?
“Oh, so you won’t be staying here tonight?”

“No. It’s fine! You are still coming over to stay this weekend though, right? Pepper will be in Japan then, so I’ll be by myself.”
That gained the concern of the two sitting in the conference room; Tony had just told them he’d been talking to Pepper and now he was talking to this unknown person about coming over to stay over when Pepper wasn’t around.It was almost reminiscent of, well, Howard.Before Howard m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Suspected Affair
Misunderstandings
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Identity Reveal
Protective Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

