Work Text:
Tony and Steve loved their son more than anyone could imagine. They spoiled him so much, fulfilling all of his wishes and making sure that he was always happy. They wanted to make sure that he got everything he always wanted as long as they got to see his big smile and the twinkle in his eyes. Peter trusted his parents a lot and was always very open with them, seeking praises, affection and reassurance from them. But it wasn’t only just emotional reassurances but also sexual. He didn’t know when it started but he craved for his parents to touch him in ways that he knew was wrong. He craved for his parents to run their hands all over his body: playing with his nipples, tongues running across his skin and lapping at his pussy. The feeling of his pussy juices gushing into their mouths and how they would drink it up made him moan. He couldn’t take it anymore. He needed his parents to make the ache go away. So he got out of bed and headed to their room.Peter knocked on his parents door and waited for them to answer. Steve and Tony were inside their room when they heard a knock on their door. They both looked at each other in confusion wondering who could be at their door at such a late hour. Tony got up and went to open the door and was surprised to see his son standing their, looking flushed. “What’s up kiddo? Aren’t you suppose to be asleep?” “Daddy, I’m wet.” Peter got straight to the point.“Did you have an accident kiddo?” “N-no. My uh, my uh, my p-pussy is w-wet daddy.” Steve and Tony looked at each other trying to figure out what they should do next. Tony ended up taking the lead and asking Peter a question.“Peter, would you like for me and papa to help you out?” “Yes please. Daddy, papa please.” Peter whined lowly. “Clothes off, get on the bed and spread your legs for us sweetheart.” Peter quickly undressed himself, climbed onto the bed and spread his legs out for his parents. Steve and Tony moaned when they saw just how wet Peter was, his hole and thighs glistening with his juices. They both undressed themselves before getting on the bed and coming face to face with Peter’s deliciously wet hole. Peter looked down between his legs and moaned at the sight. Both of his parents were between his legs, their mouths ghosting over his mound. They took their hands and spread apart his moist lips, gently running a thumb across his folds. “Me and papa are going to make you feel good okay sweetheart.” “You don’t have to hold yourself back, okay baby. Just scream and moan as much as you want.” Steve and Tony both got in their position. “Okay daddy. Okay papa.” They both inched their face forward and swiped their tongue over his pussy, causing Peter to arch his back and moan at the sensation. Steve and Tony didn’t waste time before they were diving their tongues into his vaginal opening and eating him out. “DADDY!” Peter screamed as he felt the sensation travel through his body. He arched his back and pushed his mound closer into his parents face and came. Tony and Steve slurped up their son’s juices, devouring the musky taste of his wetness. Steve pushed in a finger and started to finger his son’s cunt as the hole clenched around it. Peter was panting, his pussy throbbing around his papa’s finger as Steve began to speed up his thrusts, adding two more fingers into the hot and wet cavern. “OH FUCK DADDIES! I’M GONNA, I’M GONNA CUM! AH AH AH!” Peter screamed as his hole convulsed at the sensation. It didn’t take long for Peter to cum as Steve drove his fingers deep into his pussy, brushing up against his gspot while Tony lapped at his mound.Steve and Tony moaned at the splash of wetness that squirted out of their son and how his hole was clenching around their fingers. They fingered two more orgasms out of him before letting him calm down from his high.“Such a good boy you are Pete. Our good boy. So perfect for us. Who owns your pussy baby?” Tony purred out.“Y-you daddies.” Peter said.“That’s right sweetheart. Me and papa are the only ones, so don’t let anyone else touch you okay baby.” Peter swallowed thickly. “Yes daddy, I won’t.” “Good boy Pete. Such a perfect good boy for us.” Steve grabbed the vibrator from the side draw.Tony grabbed the lube and drizzled it over Peter’s mound and then spread it around with his fingers to make sure that it covered the whole area.“Ready sweetheart?” “Yes daddies.” Steve turned on the vibrator and put it against his son’s clit, pushing at the nub. He gently moved the vibrator up and down Peter’s lips, making sure to go a bit deeper and push harder into his hole. “Daddy, daddy, daddy, oh god.” Peter moaned and arched his back as he felt the vibrating sensation travel all throughout his body. Steve inched the vibrator down towards his hole, spreading apart his legs even more as he put it against his opening and pushed the tip inside. Tony pulled out another vibrator which was smaller than the one that Steve was using. So while Steve fucked his hole, he took the smaller vibra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Underage Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Boypussy
Boypussy Peter Parker
Threesome - M/M/M
Top Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Peter Parker
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Cunnilingus
Squirting
Multiple Orgasms
Daddy Kink
Father/Son Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Overstimulation
Butt Plugs
Vibrators
Praise Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker

