Work Text:
The call comes in at 6:23 in the morning - kitchen fire, nothing they haven't seen before a thousand times. Still, he's a little disgruntled to be called to duty as the station poker game reached a crucial juncture."Bunker up," Natasha smirks at him, pulling her turnout jacket on. The yellow garment dwarfs her, and clashes horribly with her hair. "I can beat you at cards later." "I was going to win it all back from Barton anyway," Bucky grumbles, tugging on his boots. Natasha swings into the driver's seat of the engine, which has been rumbling like a hungry dragon. "Well, not everyone can have a perfect poker face. Quit wasting time, Barnes." Over dispatch Coulson gives them direction and details - fourth floor of a crowded apartment building just a couple of streets away from Bucky's own neighborhood, call came in from a neighboring unit when the occupant started smelling smoke. It's a quick drive but Bucky has time to breathe, get himself into the zone. It's been a slow shift, thank god, but that doesn't mean he can let himself get complacent, and therefore sloppy. "How's the arm?" Natasha doesn't look at him while she navigates easily through the streets, steering the hulking engine through traffic at an intersection. His quiet must have tipped her off. He shakes his head, leaning back in his seat as much as his gear will allow. "It's fine, nothing to worry about."The thing Bucky likes best about Natasha is that there's no fawning nor undue concern from her. She just makes a "hmm" noise and pulls up to the red-painted curb outside of the apartment building.There's no elevator in the building so the two of them lug their heavy gear and PPE up four flights of stairs, surprising the hell out of a retiree couple and their yapping weiner dogs, clearly on their way out for an early morning stroll. "We've been here before," Natasha muses, not sounding the least out of breath as they round the third floor landing. "A couple of months ago. That guy thought he was having a heart attack -""Mid-coitus, I remember," Bucky grins, because how could he forget? "We should go say hi." Natasha opens the stairwell door, smirking. In the hall there's a pronounced smell of smoke in the circulated air, and just the sense memory alone wipes the smile off Bucky's face, all camaraderie melting away into training and instincts. "Which unit?" Over Natasha's walkie, Coulson says, "The call came from 410 but the smoke alarms in 407 went off." "Wonder if we'll ever be called to 420 for a blaze," Natasha deadpans. Bucky knocks his arm into her as he passes on his way to unit 407. The thick smell of smoke is much thicker the closer they get to the door, and he can hear clattering from inside. Bucky raps sharply on the thin door with his left hand and calls, "Fire department, is everything okay?" On the other side of the door there's another clatter and a muffled, "Shit," and footsteps approaching. The door opens and Bucky's greeted with a thick haze of gray smoke and a frazzled-looking blond guy sucking on an asthma inhaler. Bucky blinks in surprise. He looks like a stiff breeze would knock him over; Bucky's slid down fire poles bigger around than this guy."I told Peggy it was taken care of," the little blonde separates himself from the inhaler, running a hand through his bedhead and messing it up further. Natasha elbows Bucky aside, and pushes in past the little guy without so much as a by-your-leave. "What happened?" she asks, following the source of the smoke to the kitchen, where all the windows are thrown open. The smoke stubbornly refuses to dissipate, probably suppressed by the humid morning air outside. The guy's still coughing, and every so often from behind him Bucky can hear the hiss of the inhaler as he fights to breathe.A cheap white plastic toaster on the counter, still belching smoke, is all the answer they need. The guy looks at it like it's personally insulted him and his mother. On the stove a frying pan contains a mess of eggs, also burned. "I tried to make breakfast is what happened," he says, between puffs on the inhaler. He's wearing, of all things, black lounge pants that proclaim him to be a Gryffindor, despite being approximately Bucky's own age. "Breakfast didn't cooperate." "Happens to the best of us," Bucky says in what he hopes is a conciliatory tone. Natasha is poking at the toaster with her thick work gloves. "You put this out yourself....?" she asks the little guy. Her pointed, trailing pause prompts him to nod. "Steve," he says. "And yeah, I did." Bucky whistles through his teeth. "And you didn't make it worse? I'm impressed." Steve stares up at him, tucking his chin a little like he's bracing to throw a punch. "Well, thanks, I guess. I'm glad I didn't burn my building down too.""You didn't panic and throw water on it, is what I meant," Bucky says, wincing. He's seen more appliance fires spread by frantic water-throwing than anything else, no matter how many PSAs or fire safety tip letterboards
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Firefighters
Firefighter Bucky
Love at First Fire Call
Humor
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Surprise Angst
Steve is a snarky little shit
Natasha is devious
Bucky is Good At Wires
and Clint Barton is a human disaster
Romantic Comedy Syndrome
dumb firefighter jokes
Fire Safety Metaphors
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

