Chapter 1: Give me your daughter
    




Chapter Text
Loki leaned back against his desk, his forefinger stroking across his lower lip while he was deep in thought. The man on front of him was on his knees, begging and pleading for Loki’s mercy.‘Why should I give you any longer, hmm? I was already gracious enough to give you an extra two weeks to pay me.’ Loki’s tone was low and dangerous.‘I know… And I am so grateful, Sir. I just… I need longer. Just a few days, please. I beg you.’ The man was shaking in fear, he was desperate.Loki stood up straight and walked over to the window, sliding his hands into his pockets as he looked out across the city.‘I am a patient man, Kenneth. But you are really, pushing me to my limits. If you do not have the money to pay me by the end of today, what can you offer me instead?’ He asked, not turning around to look at him.‘What… what do you mean?’ Kenneth asked, confused.Loki’s two right hand men, Samuel and Ethan, were stood by the door and shared a knowing look with one another.Loki turned and walked slowly back towards his desk, picking up his glass of whiskey he took a sip and looked at Kenneth again, regarding him carefully.‘How is your daughter? What was her name again… Chloe? She must be what, eighteen now, yes?’ He took another sip of his drink before crossing one foot over the other and leaning back against his desk.Kenneth felt his stomach drop, not happy with where this was going. Surely not…‘She turned eighteen last month… She’s just about to start college soon.’ Kenneth said, his voice guarded.Loki nodded and looked up at the roof for a moment, thinking. He then looked back down at Kenneth and motioned for him to stand.The man scrambled up to his feet, but it didn’t make him feel any better because Loki was still far too scary. He was really starting to regret taking out a loan with him now. But he had been so desperate, in so much deep trouble he’d really needed the money.‘She’s the girl I saw last year at the company party. Pretty little thing... I’ll make you a deal, Kenneth. It’s your last chance, unless you have my money by the end of the day.’ Loki stood up straight and stepped in close, looking down at Kenneth.Kenneth swallowed hard.‘Give me your daughter, and I will wipe your debt clean.’-Chloe was in her room getting ready to go out, she was about to put on her make-up when she heard her dad come home. It became obvious he’d had a rough day, because she could hear him arguing with her mum. Though she couldn’t quite make out what they were arguing about.Worried, she went downstairs to see what was happening. When she reached the bottom of the stairs, she froze momentarily. There was a strange bearded man stood at the door, short brown hair, hands folded on front of him. He was wearing a suit and was just under seven foot tall, he was huge.The man looked at her and nodded slightly, but said nothing. She frowned and cautiously moved past him, heading to the living room where her parents were arguing.‘You can’t do this, Kenneth! It’s madness!’ Her mother screeched.‘I have no choice, love. I’m sorry. But he won’t…’ He trailed off when he saw his daughter walk into the room.‘Dad? Mum? What’s going on, why are you arguing?’ She looked between them both.Her Mum burst into tears and rushed over to Chloe, hugging her tightly.‘Mum, what is it?’ She asked, looking over at her dad while her mum almost crushed the life out of her.‘Chloe… sweetheart. I need you to come with me.’ Kenneth said.He felt so guilty, but he was in trouble. And this was the only option. After arguing briefly with Loki, saying that he couldn’t have his daughter, Loki pointed out that if he didn’t pay him cash or his daughter by the end of the day, then his daughter wouldn’t have a father anymore. And he would just go and collect what he was due anyway.So instead of risking his life and his daughter being kidnapped, he was going to hand his daughter over willingly to the most ruthless gang leader in the country. The most dangerous man… Kenneth just had to hope that Loki would look after his daughter.‘What? Where?’ Chloe asked, frowning.‘I’ll explain on the way. Just… go pack a bag.’ Kenneth said as he prised her mum off her.Her mum could do nothing but cry and she ran out of the room.Chloe was really confused. ‘What! How long for? What am I packing?’‘Stop with the questions, Chloe. I will explain on the way. Just pack some clean clothes and toiletries. You’ve got five minutes.’ Kenneth said. This was already difficult enough, he didn’t want it to be dragged out any longer.‘I was supposed to be meeting my friends!’ Chloe argued.‘I won’t tell you again, go pack your bag.’ Kenneth snapped.‘Fine!’ Chloe huffed and stormed upstairs, making herself clear on her feelings by stomping up every single step and slamming her bedroom door shut in the process.Samuel, who was waiting by the door, quirked his lips up at her attitude. But he waited patiently, watching Kenneth pace back and fore in the hall while
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
crime lord
Loki - Freeform
Billionaire
dangerous man
Dangerous Loki
Dominant
possessive
Kidnapping
Rape/Non-con Elements
Forced Orgasm
Violence
gang leader Loki
scary Loki
Suits
Fingering
Grinding
humping
Dry Humping
Humiliation
Spanking
Punishment
Forced Relationship
Murder
Stockholm Syndrome
Manipulation
Possessive Behavior
Protective Loki
Loki lies to get what he wants
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Anal Beads
Butt Plugs
Oral Sex
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Cunnilingus
Double Penetration
Talk of Abortion
One sided

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

