Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
… … … “Waiting that’s what my life consisted of more than anything… The waiting, the overwhelming amount of waiting… It burned your soul deep down and it hurt your mental state slowly… That’s my life…” A young teen hid in his closet scared of what was to become his fate for the day…“What if I told you everything that happened to me. What if I told you about everything that was going to happen to me? What, what if I told you I would never live to see my 16th birthday? Would you believe me?” He let go of a sigh, that he had been holding in as another figured walked passed his closet door.“No, you wouldn’t… No one ever did or would… They call me an idiot… someone who didn’t deserve to be alive.” Tears fell from the young teen’s face; it was an all too common occurrence. One that always seemed to be constant in his life ever since he turned 13… He was never the same after that… never.“I should have died that day… I should have been the one laying in a grave not her… At Least she would be able to take care of herself. Me on the other hand… I contemplate death everyday… I honestly consider it to be my only option if he doesn’t kill me first that is.” The door of the closet slowly opened, and a man dressed in a stained t-shirt and jeans stood before the very scared teen.“Parker, WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU BEFORE!” The man yelled, his voice filled with anger and hate. If the poor boy hadn’t been so use to it, he would be scared but this was only the best outcome.The man dragged the teen out of the closet and brought him into the horrible looking living room that the two called ‘home.’ It was by no means nice in any way. The man was a total slob and expected the poor kid to pick up after him no matter what. It didn’t matter if it was shit covered, it was the kids’ job, or it was… “Well take a guess.”The apartment was small, cramped, and smelled of victimhood, drugs, and alcohol. A small couch laid on one wall, it’s continuously a mess and ripped. A tv stand stood on the other side. The one nice object in the entire apartment stood on it… The man’s 70inch tv that he used to watch whatever sport was on.The rest of the apartment was as much a mess and disaster as the couch… well except for Pete’s room that was a closet in the hallway… It was the worst place imaginable and was locked every night so that the poor boy could never even consider escape.The man walked across the small living room and pulled a drawer on a small table open. He pulled out a metal chain… He smiled as he looked at Pete, it was his favorite pastime after all. “Come here you piece of shit, kid.” Pete did as tell; it was for the best…The man pushed Pete over the table that sat in the center of the room and smiled with every ounce of hate he held in his body. The first hit was hard, and his face was muffled by the man’s hands. Then another loud slap hit and once again Pete cried with everything he had.However, no one would hear, no one would come, for this was Peter Parker’s life after May died and it was never going to change at least he never thought it would. Pete’s screams filled the room for another twenty hits…When the man was finished Pete slowly slumped back towards his ‘room.’ His life was now nothing but pain and suffering. Yet he could never fight it or even force it back for a second otherwise he would be dead. His foster father was a very ‘difficult man.’ Pete sat in his room trying to forget the pain, but he would never forget it.His eyes ran dry as he cried for what seemed like hours and yet his pain never stopped. He was lucky though at least Fred wasn’t in a bad mood or overly drunk… those were the worst times. His back and knees still hurt… and his body felt like pure death.Pete fell asleep with his eyes filled with tears and his body acknowledged the pain. However, tomorrow was school which is his only escape from all that was bad at home. Pete looked forward to school and everything he could accomplish there.While the bullying was a problem it was nowhere near Fred. However, what was a problem, however, was if anyone ever saw his gashes or bruises… That would lead to a phone call home and then Fred would think he snitched and then… then he would be dead…The Next Morning…Pete awoke at 6, Fred would be awoken by his alarm clock in an hour. He got to work quickly, making breakfast and cleaning the best he could. Once he had done everything Fred could ever ask Pete waddled out the door of the small apartment. He slowly made his way down the streets of Queens. A place he knew well ever since he was young, he had grown up here but now they only seemed like a place to flee from Fred.Pete walked down the street as fast as he could, which was only a slow walk. He walked up to his usual bus stop and waited. While he waited, he leaned against a lamp and slowly dozed off. However, something woke him from his sleep. A man stood next to him, his suit wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
May's dead
Adopted Pete
Irondad
spiderson
Mama Spider
flash will be flash
Flash is a bully
pete's hurt
Hurt Peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Pepper is a good mom
so is nat
and so are the rest of the avengers
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Abuse
Peter Parker abuse
OU
Foster Care
Foster Parent
Mean
Evil
hurtful
Rape/Non-con Elements
Near Death
Death
Peter Parker Crying
Tony adopted Pete
Tony crys
everyone crys

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

