Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Steve Rogers was one of the most powerful CEO’s that walked the face of the earth. At only 31 years old he had it all. The money, the looks, and of course, the charm. Anything he wanted he’d get it with a snap of his fingers. Being one of the most powerful men on Earth also gave him titles such as New York Times “Hottest Playboy” Or “World’s Most Eligible Bachelor”. He guessed in a way, all the acknowledgement and praise can go to his head most times, like when he’s at a high event and wants to hookup with a woman all he has to do is send a smile her way and she’s jumping on him before the night is done. 


He took the parking spot that someone else was going for, drifting into the area.


 There are times when he can egotistical, selfish and arrogant but hey he’s only human. Nobody’s perfect...but if there was someone to be described as perfect, it would be him..according to himself and several other famous publishers. He had a net worth of 78.9 billion dollars, give him a break.


Steve stepped out of his car and rolled his eyes at the man who placed a mug near him ringing a bell, ultimately walking straight past him.


“I thought you just renovated your office? Mean to tell me you don’t like the view?” His mother said to him.


“The views was amazing..during all other times except for this. It’s only September, there should be no reason why these people are filled with cheer already.”


“You can’t be serious honey. The whole city of New York is amazing,especially around the holidays-“


“Ma, it isn’t the holiday season yet, it’s only September,” Steve said boredly, brushing his shoulders past another person who was also on the phone, disrupting their conversation.


Watching as people went into different shops for holidays,the stores and streets lit up with beautiful lights, even he would admit that, and he hated this time of year. Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, he honestly couldn’t care less about any of it.


It was literally September but people were so happy that Christmas was near, despite it being a few months away and also being the worst holiday of the entire year.


“Aw sweetheart, you used to love Christmas.”


“Yeah when I was 5, I’m 31 now, I don’t have time for Christmas, presents, reminiscing on the past, or dating.”


His mother let out a very tuneful laugh, “Whatever you say dear, and remember to be nice to people, get in the spirit already, would you. Love you.”

Steve scoffed, get in the spirit his ass. “Love you too.” “A little help here?” A worker asked carrying a heavy box, Steve hung up, opening the door for himself, the boxes in the workers hands tumbling over as he entered the coffee shop, thankfully it was fairly empty.Something about people so happy and jolly really made him sick to his stomach. What was it about this time of year that made people act that way?

However, it didn’t matter, he’d close a deal of $550 million dollars later this afternoon and be deemed the 3rd spot of “World’s Most Successful Men”. Absolutely nothing can ruin his mood-


“What the hell!” Steve backed away as a nearby employee spilled coffee on his WHITE button up shirt.


The black haired waitress scrambled to get up, picking up the fallen cups of now spilled coffee, “Oh my god sir, I’m so sor-“


“Are you fucking blind?” Steve gritted out.


The woman fearfully shook her head, “I-I pay for dry clean-“


“You think I need you to pay for my dry cleaning?” He asked arrogantly, “I make more in a minute than you earn in an entire year.” He was practically fuming, the coffee was hot as hell. “Just get the hell out of my face,” he shooed the woman off, the lady quickly going into the back of the kitchen.


“Come on man, lighten up, she said sorry,” a man that looked a little bit older than Steve said. “Hey aren’t you Steve Rogers? Owner of that big corporate building in Manhattan?”


Steve took an annoyed breath, “Yeah, I am. Want a picture or you plan on ordering?”


The man held his hands up in defense, turning back around on the line and beginning his order.


Steve’s jaw clenched, while he waited impatiently, looking at his watch. He was gonna be late. Not only was he going to be late, but he was going to be late and show up to work looking a hot ass mess.


Talk about nothing can ruin his mood. He forgot how many idiots lived in this place. Now he’s the one that looked like an idiot with coffee all over himself.

 
 

It was as if a phone was constantly to his ear, whenever he walked into his company building from when he walked out, a phone would always be attached as he went into his office. His team of PR agents at his side and quickly dissipating as he took care of their questions in the elevator.


The man huffed out a breath as he took a seat in his office chair, trying his hardest to relax just a bit. He had an insane headache that’s been present for about an entire week now.


“Rogers!”His best friend Bucky burst through the door with an iPad in his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Christmas Story
Fluff
Smut
romanogers - Freeform
hate to love relationship
Steve Rogers is a major dick at first
learns to be a nice guy
Angst
Slow Burn
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Assistant Darcy Lewis
Tatiana Romanov is an adorable baby
Mother/Daughter Bonding
Steve/daughter bonding
lots of ice cream and fro yo
lots of smut
kind of similar to it’s complicated
Christmas Fluff
Christmas Special

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

