Chapter 1: unimportant / beacon
    




Chapter Text
Stephen’s ropes lashed out, battlefield now devoid of any conscious bodies. Everyone was either knocked out or had been portaled away.They tied around Tony’s arms and legs, keeping him in place no matter how hard he struggled. Hatred burned in his chest, sure it wasn’t subtle in the way he was glaring at the sorcerer.The sorcerer stepped forward, growl around his lips, which immediately had him on guard.He stopped an inch from where Tony was suspended in front of him, so close Tony would be able to count each freckle if he’d had any, but tony refused to look away from his eyes.“Who did this to you?”A simple question worth such a complicated answer.“You did.”Stephen tutted in disapproval, playful smirk returning for barely a second. “I would never. Not that pretty little face of yours.”“It must have been an accident -“The sorcerer growled, low and deep, making Tony’s stomach twist as the sorcerer reached up his hand to cup his chin and tilt his head up to the light.“You had this before the battle,” he ground out, thumb tapping the edge of the bruise adjourning his left eye. “You think your pathetic little make up artists could hide it from my attention?”Tony fought the urge to roll his eyes. It could have been way worse, but he had controlled himself. With his enhancement there could have been a lot more damage. And Tony knew he had provoked him, had questioned his judgement one too many times and had made one reckless decision too many.No he hadn’t. He wasn’t some battered housewife. He knew this wasn’t right, but what choice did he have? The team had seen it happen and thought he deserved it. He had to suck it up for the greater good.“Don’t pretend I don’t already know,” Stephen ground out, digging his fingers into his skin as a warning. Even if he’d wanted to, he could never leave bruising, not with his wretched hands. “Who did this to you?”“If you know, you know…”He dug his fingers harder, ignoring the spikes of pain through his own hand and leaned forward into Stark’s space, foreheads barely grazing together. “I won’t do anything unless you tell me. You need to say it.”“Then I won’t.”Stephen hissed as if disappointed, pressing forward a little bit more. Tony could feel the sorcerer’s lips so close to his own and knew his heart was starting to speed up, hatred coursing through him. His body reached forward as if on instinct, even as he screamed at it to behave, but a second later, the sorcerer had pushed away, retreating out of his personal space and leaving only his hand, still wrapped around his chin and thumb now pressed against Tony’s lips in a shushing movement.“We’ll see each other again soon, Stark,” the sorcerer drew out, voice like liquid as he let go of Tony and glanced around the ruins of the abandoned building. Tony didn’t take his eyes off the sorcerer, but could see some of the bodies starting to stir with consciousness out of his peripheral vision.A second later the sorcerer was gone, and portals dropped open to drop off their remaining team mates minus Steve. He always got back a little later, a little more bruised. The ropes faded from his arms and he dropped them, taking a deep breath as he let his faceplate cover him, his suit a preferred hide-out as his teammates were already complaining about having lost once again.“What did he even want,” Scott groaned from where he was still lying on the ground, sprawled out in exhaust. “He just wrecked this building for no reason.”“Stark,” Clint called out, readjusting his hearing aid as he favoured his left arm, “what did he say to you this time?”“Nothing of importance.” He spit out, because after all, his well-being wasn’t of importance at all.Not to them.----New York was always noisy, but up this high he could hardly let it bother him.Just because he wasn’t allowed to put restrictions on his lab and everyone was too suspicious of him to leave him alone in there for more than three minutes, didn’t mean he couldn’t code FRIDAY to lie about his location to the team.No one would dare mess with the AI, but even then, chances of running into someone inside were too high for Tony’s liking.The roof had become an easy escape.He had built this tower with so many hopes for the future, to be a beacon of … something….He couldn’t even imagine what he had hoped for back in the day.Instead it had grown almost into a prison tower.He knew he could leave if he really wanted to. No one could really stop him from taking his suits and getting the fuck out of there. Yet his own conscience, the voice telling him he had so much to make up for, couldn’t let him walk away from helping however he could. It was his duty. He was iron man, and he had made the world dependant on him the second he’d outed himself at that press conference so many years ago.He could hate it, could regret the decisions he’d made, but he liked being Iron Man. He liked helping people and protecting them from harm. Just because he’d messed up a fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Not Avengers friendly
Mainly just focussed on Ironstrange though
Alternate Universe
Enemies to Lovers
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

