Chapter 1



Summary:

"No, we haven't forgotten but it seems that you've forgotten that Loki was as much a victim as you were," Tony argues with the archer who glares at him and scoffs. "All of us here have gotten a second, third, fourth and fifth chance, why can't Loki have one? What makes him so different to the rest of us?"



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Sir," JARVIS speaks up, startling Tony who'd been entirely too focused on his work to realize that his lab was a tad bit too quiet despite his music having been previously loud enough to burst an eardrum, as Pepper would say. "I apologize for interrupting you, but Mr Odinson has returned-""Thor's back?" Tony asks excitedly as he stops working, whole face lighting up like a Christmas tree and he quickly starts saving his work and waving away holograms to go greet his friend."-and has requested for a team meeting in the usual conference room.""A meeting? Is everything alright?" He freezes, frowning as waits for an answer."He appears to be uninjured, however, Mr Odinson is showing high levels of stress and anxiety."Tony worries the whole way up to the conference room, wondering what could make the usually sunshine-like man so stressed out. Well, one name comes to mind, but last he heard Loki was still locked up in Asgard. Maybe he escaped and that's why Thor's requesting a meeting. Well, whatever it was had to be important for Thor to call them into a meeting.Tony was the last one to walk into the conference room, and when he did, he stopped halfway to his seat when he saw Thor for the first time in weeks. The blonde god of thunder was still ridiculously handsome, though he looked exhausted which was an unusual look for someone who was practically a human puppy, overexcited and eager to learn new things. Thor still smiled though. His lips tugging into a large grin as soon as Tony walks in and he's up and out of his seat in an instant, pulling the shorter man into his arms and holding him for a few extra long seconds. Tony hugs him back, unconsciously melting into his strong arms and breathing in the god's scent which reminds him of a stormy day. And Thor's scent has become so familiar since they took down Loki and his army and Thor saved his life after the heart attack he had, that it's comforting now. Dare he say, it smells like home.Tony relaxes completely in his embrace and closes his eyes as he enjoys the feeling of Thor's strong arms wrapped around him. Both completely forgetting about the others in the room who had become their audience.Someone coughing brought the two back down to reality and they pulled away, Tony throwing Clint a quick glare before taking his seat and trying to fight off a blush and avoiding everyone's looks. The archer simply grinned smugly while Natasha looked about done with everything and everyone. Steve's expression was a mix of fond and exasperation while Bruce stared at the table awkwardly, clearly wanting this to get done and over with as soon as possible."So, big guy, what'd you call us in for?" Tony asks as he leans back in his seat, to the left of Steve's who sat at the head of the long table."I bring some news, my friends," Thor tells them solemnly as he places his hands, fingers laced together, on top of the table and avoids prolonged eye contact with the rest of his team as he tries to gather his thoughts."Is everything alright, Thor?" Steve asks worriedly, sitting up straight in his seat and going into Captain America mode. The others look at their teammate in concern and Loki crosses Tony's mind once again."I need you all to listen and please, do not interrupt. This is something important and all I ask is that you let me explain, please," Thor pleads as he looks at each and every one of them with wide blue eyes and Tony wishes he were sitting next to the god to offer him some sort of comfort."Hey, Thor, buddy, whatever it is just know that you have our support. We're your team and we have each other's backs," Tony reassures the blonde and the rest echo that statement with nods and comforting words of their own. They've never seen Thor this distressed before and it's actually setting them all on edge."My brother-""Of course," Clint interrupts Thor with a scoff, scowling angrily as he crosses his arms across his chest."Clint," Steve hisses at the archer. Loki might not be their favorite person, but whatever happened involves Loki and made Thor look like he hasn't slept in awhile. "Thor, go ahead. What about Loki?""My brother was being held in a cell in Asgard, awaiting a second trial where the All-Father would then decide what to do with him. His options were not looking very favorable. Loki would either get banished from Asgard for good or he would spend the rest of his days locked up in that cell," Thor explained and Tony didn't want to admit that both options sounded really harsh to him. "Mother and I did not agree with that and we tried to fight my father
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark & Thor
Loki & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Age Regression/De-Aging
de-aged loki
baby Loki
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Thor (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pining Tony Stark
Pining Thor (Marvel)
Idiots in Love
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Protective Avengers
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Steve is a Troll
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Kidnapping
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Kid Pietro Maximoff

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark & Thor
Loki & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers

