Work Text:
“Where did that cat come from?”
Steve wasn’t sure what it meant that it took that particular question from Wanda to finally make Tony look up from his tablet. For the entire meeting, Tony had been working away at something and Steve had wanted to take him to task for his rudeness but his one and only attempt to do so had led to him being reprimanded by Danvers for talking out of turn. Also, when Danvers had asked Tony a question, his answer had proven that not only had he been paying attention, he’d heard everything that had been said in the meeting.
But now he looked up and over at Wanda when she asked that question and Steve couldn’t quite read the expression on the man’s face. Tony seemed amused and intrigued and there was something indefinable that washed over his face before he turned to Danvers and raised an eyebrow, silently asking a question. Danvers’ mouth twitched into a tiny smile then she looked around the room.
“Don’t mind the cat. Goose is mine and he’s always been a bit wilful.”
Everyone on the other side of the room immediately relaxed and settled back into concentrating on what Danvers was saying but Steve couldn’t quite relax and neither could anyone on his side of the table. The cat, who had now jumped up on the table and was sitting there with its tail wrapped primly around its paws, was staring at them in a truly unnerving way. Steve wanted to insist that the cat be removed from the room but from the way everyone on Tony’s side of the room was ignoring it, he doubted he’d get anywhere.
He tried to concentrate on what Danvers was saying but the damn cat kept staring at them, Wanda in particular. It never moved, it never made a sound, just sat there and stared. It was only when Danvers started talking about Wanda that he dragged his attention away from the cat.
“Now,” Danvers said. “We’ve had some inquiries regarding Ms Maximoff that we can no longer dismiss or ignore. As you know, some of our off world allies asked to review all files and footage regarding the Ultron incident, given that it’s the first time anybody has good records of what the Mind Stone can do when it is allowed to act on its own.”
Steve frowned. He remembered some talk about this but had dismissed it. Everyone knew that Ultron was Tony’s fault and that he’d someone managed to trick the official investigation into clearing his name. The Avengers hadn’t forgotten though. That was why they’d had to keep Tony in check. He hadn’t known that Danvers had actually turned over the files and footage but he quickly shrugged. It didn’t matter. All it would do was prove that Tony was to blame.
“They’re still putting together their formal report and observations for us but they’ve given me a heads up on what will be in it,” Danvers was saying. She turned to Tony. “There are a few people who would like to talk to you about JARVIS. They didn’t realise there was anyone on Terra with the skill and intelligence to create such a sophisticated AI and they’d like to help you recover him.”
Tony looked gobsmacked. “Re…cover him?” he said, sounding a bit dazed and Steve noticed that the late afternoon sunlight streaming into the room made it look like there were red highlights in Tony’s eyes. It was a nice effect.
Danvers frowned and Steve didn’t noticed for a moment that the cat had shifted just a little closer to Wanda. She seemed unconcerned and actually looked a little like she wanted to pet the cat. It actually set Steve’s mind at ease. If Wanda didn’t find anything wrong in the cat then he must be overreacting. The cat was just being a cat.
“Yes,” Danvers said slowly. “Tony? JARVIS would have had a backup, wouldn’t he?”
Tony blinked and the red highlights became more noticeable. “I… don’t know.”
“Tony,” Danvers said carefully. She looked over at Strange and raised an eyebrow before turning back to Tony. “Can you look at me?”
Tony did so and he raised his head, Steve noticed that the angle caused the red highlights to fade. It was a shame. They made Tony’s eyes look very pretty, contrasting as they did with the warm brown. Danvers’ frown deepened and Strange came up to crouch next to Tony’s chair, his ridiculous cloak flaring out behind him.
“Tony?” Strange said, his voice low and soothing. “May I use a small spell on you? It won’t harm you.”
Tony shrugged. “Sure.”
Steve frowned and wanted to protest. Tony shouldn’t be so cavalier around magic. He had no idea what this Strange character was going to do to him. How could he just trust him like that? He opened his mouth to voice that but suddenly realised that the cat was glaring at him. It was so unnerving that he lost his train of thought until the golden flare of Strange’s magic engulfed Tony.
For a moment, nothing happened then the strange golden markings that had settled into Tony’s skin flared bright and drew back, taking with them a swirling, malevolent, red cloud. There was a split second of silence as they all stared at the twin magics, then three things happened almost s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
No Actual Character Death
despite what it looks like
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Wanda Friendly
Pay attention to the tags
Moderated because trolls are morons

fandom: 
None
