Work Text:
It’s not that Steve’s ever wanted to be “pretty”. In fact, he can’t stand the idea that people might have ever thought of him that way – sure, he’s slight and small, with big round baby blues that are too mesmerizing and soft to ever really be seen on a man’s man. Sure, he has skin as smooth and porcelain as the dames in the pictures, and maybe he could be described as “delicate” and “fragile”. And those terms, he knows, are not ones that any respectable man would feel endeared being called.But the thing is, he’s not a dame; he never has been and he never will be. Because if one actually took the careful time to examine his body more closely, they’d see all the parts of it that could never  be “delicate”, “fragile”, or “pretty”… Aside from the obvious difference in anatomy and reproductive organs, Steve’s face isn’t as feminine as it may appear by first glance; his nose, with its hump and sturdiness, is about the manliest feature he has going for him. His lips, though full, are often chapped. His eyes may be wide and round and framed with long lashes, but there’s a hardness to them that’s come from years of getting kicked to the ground by bullies, and circumstance, and poverty, and sickness. Pretty dames don’t have that edge to their eyes.He’s thin and tiny, but he isn’t beautiful. He’s bony. He’s knobby. He’s got big hands and bruised knees and gangly limbs. His cheeks are gaunt and his neck is too long. His spine is twisted and misshaped and – like the rest of him – doesn’t sit quite right. He’s always had slightly big feet compared to the rest of him, and his toes are definitely not womanly or “feminine”. And though, from a distance, he may look soft to the touch and welcoming, he definitely doesn’t smell as nice as ladies do.Blame it on the lack of soap, or the inability to shower all the time, or the heat of Brooklyn’s hot summer days, but Steve always smells like sweat and what can only be described as a boyish musk. He’s very specific in his own mind about using that particular word – boyish. Boyish, unlike Bucky, whose smell is that of a man – hard labour and cigarettes and testosterone. Bucky’s always smelled like that, while Steve’s always carried a scent more similar to a roughhousing boy.Steve isn’t “pretty” and it’s not like he’s ever really wanted to be. It’s just that sometimes…Bucky’s going to be home from work within the hour, and Steve doesn’t want to admit to his best friend – let alone himself – the reason why he’s suddenly so compelled to do this today. They haven’t done it for months; Steve can’t even remember the last time all that well. And it’s not like they’ve engaged in it very often, either. But he’d gone for a walk that day, down to the park to sit and sketch, and he enjoys people-watching, he really does, but… Then he’d seen it and his heart had sunk and before he knew it, he’d been back at the apartment and curled up on their beat up old couch.Most of the time, it doesn’t bother him. Nine times out of ten, he can look past it; distract his mind until the feeling passes and he reminds himself what he has going for him – what he and Bucky have going for them. Steve’s had a lot of things go wrong in his life and not a lot of reasons to remain optimistic, but despite all of that, he’s never been one to let himself stew in it. You don’t get through life letting negativity make you stagnant in one place; you gotta play an active role in your happiness, you can’t just expect it to come to you willy-nilly.Which is why when it does finally get to him from time to time, he does this… because for just a few hours, he can pretend. They both can.His things are packed away in a single box, big enough to hold it all. It’s pushed all the way into the deepest corner of their closet; covered and hidden beneath articles of clothing and their extra blanket and, though they’ll never admit it out loud, basically anything that can keep it from plain sight. It’s not that they’re ashamed of it, really. Bucky’s actually more embracing of it than Steve is, though Steve’s hesitancy stems from something sadder rooted into his system than from embarrassment. It’s just that they spend so much of their time trying to keep the world convinced that they’re good, moral, righteous men – and those kinds of men don’t do things like this.If their home was ever raided and they were mugged of everything they had, the thieves could take it all as far as Steve and Bucky are concerned – just so long as they don’t come across that box hidden in the corner of their closet. They’re both realistic enough to know that the consequences of that would prove far deadlier than any amount of poverty ever could.Steve unburies it and then takes a seat right there on the floor. He opens up the box and pulls out the items one by one; takes his time holding everything and mapping it out with careful fingers. He handles each individual thing with the same tenderness and delicacy with which Bucky treats him whenever they do thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Crossdressing
Crossdressing Kink
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Rimming
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
so many feelings
Period-typical lingerie
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-War
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Needs a Hug
Hurt Steve
Bucky Barnes Feels
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hickies
Angst with a Happy Ending
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

