Work Text:
Erik walks into Charles's study late one afternoon.  He has two small metal spheres orbiting one another just above his left shoulder.  Charles has seen him toy idly with metal objects before, much like a normal man would play with a small object--a pencil or a bottlecap or a rubber band--but lately he's been getting much more elegant.  Twirling spheres, dancing coins, a top he kept spinning for a good four hours while they played chess.  Charles is growing used to it.He's growing used to Erik's smiles, too, which he likes rather more than the fidgeting.  Erik has a few different smiles nowadays.  There's the small grin of satisfaction he sometimes gets when the day's been productive; there's the light hint of amusement when one of the younger mutants surprises him.  Right now, though, he's got one of those huge, teeth-baring grins on his face, the kind that generally presages some kind of ill-advised suggestion.  Charles has failed utterly at being Erik's voice of reason so far, but he continues to have hope in that regard.The spheres dance in the air in a complicated pattern, never touching each other or Erik.  It's beautiful, but very distracting.  Charles has to work to take his eyes off them."You're making me dizzy," he says.  "Are you going to tell me what's gotten you so excited, or do I have to read your mind?""Subatomic particles," Erik says, and God help everyone in the mansion, he sounds positively cheerful.  He lifts a hand, palm-up, and the spheres drop into it.  They spin around in his hand before he closes his fingers over them.  "Electromagnetism.""I'm not entirely sure how you manage to make one of the four fundamental interactions in nature sound quite so pornographic, but well done," Charles says dryly.  "What exactly have you been up to?""Hank is convinced there are applications to my power I hadn't even considered.  Electromagnetic fields.  Charged particles.  I've never had an opportunity to consider science as a method to extending my reach, but it's damned interesting stuff.  I think he's on to something."  Erik's enthusiasm dims a shade, mentally; Charles skims it off the surface of his thoughts.  All that intelligence and he's still ashamed of being what he is..."Well," Charles says.  He clears his throat; it gets Erik's attention back on him, fully on him, Hank's issues with his own gifts temporarily put aside.  "Would you care to show me what you've come up with?""Very much," Erik says.  It was just this morning Erik was saying very much in response to something else entirely, and he sounds now like he sounded then.  He steps a little closer to Charles's desk.  "Come to my room?"This time Charles doesn't peek; he'd hate to ruin his own surprise.  "I think I can spare some time in the interest of science."Erik snorts, but he leads the way.There is something vaguely frightening about the idea that one of Hank's suggestions has led Erik to bring Charles back to his room and start stripping clothes off, but Charles hasn't exactly been too proud to take Erik up on his various offers of companionship since their first meeting; he doesn't hesitate in taking his clothes off now.Erik's lost everything but his marbles now--funny turn of phrase, hope it's true, Charles thinks--and those two marbles just keep spinning behind him as he pushes Charles towards the bed.  Charles goes, willingly, although he's very much hoping those marbles aren't going to explode or take his head off or something.  Erik's getting better at controlling his magnetism during sex, no broken bedframes so far this week, but still.Pushing, pulling, and tugging, Erik situates Charles in the center of the bed and angles his legs apart.  This is getting more and more promising.  Charles grabs Erik's pillows and props himself up with them so he's got a decent view; Erik stretches out flat on his stomach and leaves a sharp bite on Charles's inner thigh.  Well, all those teeth; it was bound to come to something eventually.  Erik is still grinning like a maniac."It's small-scale, you understand," he says."Oh, very flattering."Erik snorts and slaps Charles lightly on the thigh.  "You know what I mean."One of the marbles comes to rest on Charles's chest and rolls downward.  It catches in his navel, and he raises an eyebrow.  "I'm waiting for the part where science gets involved.""Yes.  Right."  But Erik doesn't make any sort of move for the marble, nor does he do anything with the one that's still hovering in the air; instead, he lowers his head and takes a long, sweeping lick up the length of Charles's cock.//So much for science,// Charles thinks, but he exhales softly and relaxes into his pillows.  //But by all means, go on...//The marble goes rolling back up Charles's chest, and as Erik fits his mouth over Charles's cock, he sends the marble sliding in a long, slow circle around Charles's nipple.  It's actually a fascinating feeling--heavy, cool, quickly warming up from contact with Charles's skin, but clearly unde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Temperature Play
Anal Beads
Established Relationship
Community: kink_bingo
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

