Chapter 1: drop the beat (beaker)
    


Notes:
EXPERIMENTAL STEVE POV!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Steve was in the gym with Bucky when Bruce’s tentative voice came through over the comm system: “Ah, Steve?  We’ve, uh, got a bit of an issue in the labs.  If you could, um, grab Natasha or Sam or, anyone really, we could use your help down here.  There was an…incident.  I’m trying to keep it from becoming an incident.”That had both men freezing in place.  Steve knew that Bucky had yet to actually meet the mild-mannered scientist’s big green alter-ego, but he hoped he’d seen enough of the footage to have a healthy amount of concern over the possibility of an ‘incident.’  “I’ll be right down, with help,” he said, knowing JARVIS would make sure his answer reached the labs.“You want me to come?” Bucky asked quietly.  “Nat’s out, but Sam’s upstairs, if you’d prefer – ““It’s your choice, Buck,” Steve told him, voice equally soft.  The ex-assassin tended to avoid the labs due to the memories they brought up.  He was fine with Tony and Bruce when they were in the common area, but he avoided that section of the Tower like the plague.  “I’ve got your back.”“And I’ve got yours,” Bucky said, smiling wryly.  He rolled his shoulders a few times and then cracked his neck, “Alright, sooner we fix Stark’s mistake, sooner we can mock him for bein’ an idiot.  I don’t remember Howard bein’ so stupid…”“He had his moments,” Steve replied, grinning.They headed straight for the elevator and, since JARVIS remained silent, Steve assumed that meant their gear wasn’t necessary for this situation, whatever it was.  Steve had only been down to the labs a few times, mostly to consult with Tony or Bruce about his uniform and possible upgrades.  He was vaguely familiar with the layout of the labs and had met most of the other scientists who shared space there, like the Doctors Selvig and Foster, and their various assistants, but he didn’t exactly ‘hang out’ there.Still, he knew the way better than Bucky, and so led the other man towards Bruce’s labs, where he assumed the source of the trouble must be.  When he walked in, he found Bruce sitting on one side of a panel of glass while Tony and Darcy, Dr. Foster’s primary assistant and a friend of Thor, were on the other.  Tony was fiddling around with something, looking more manic than usual, while Darcy was crouched and…petting one of the bots?  They appeared to be fine, none of the mayhem or chaos he was expecting was apparent, which left him at a bit of a loss.Bruce had looked up at their entrance and was watching Steve look around with a resigned expression on his face.“You…said you needed our help?” Steve said, now a little unsure.“Yeah, ah,” Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose and blew out a sigh.  “We were working on a modified Hulk tranq, Tony was doing…something and it blew up in our faces.  Well, their faces.”“They don’t look particularly sleepy,” Bucky pointed out helpfully.Bruce sighed again, and then…blushed?  “No, it’s not, ah, having the effect we intended.  Instead of knocking them out, it appears to be acting as a sort of super-intoxicant, with a side of sodium pentothal.”“In English, doc?” Bucky prodded.“They’ve lost all of their inhibitions,” Bruce said flatly.  “I need your help getting the two of them…wrangled so I can get blood samples and figure out how long this is going to last.”“I’m still not really seeing the problem,” Steve said, frowning.  “Tony is…building something and Darcy appears to be playing around with some of the AIs – why do you need our help?”The scientist looked heavenwards for a moment, then stood slowly, heading towards the door panel that would let him into the contained room.  “The contaminant has already been purged by JARVIS, so I can show you this without much, ah, fear.  I do ask that you…let what happens in the lab stay in the lab.  Please.”With that, he hit the button, quickly stepped through the door, and smacked the button again – sealing himself in, and the two soldiers out.  The instant he’d entered the room, both Darcy and Tony had looked up and over, and now bore disturbingly similar grins of delight at the sight of the scientist.  Tony dropped the tools he was working with and ran over to Bruce, grabbing his arm and dragging him to the station he’d been working at, obviously taking great delight in showing off what he’d been building.  Meanwhile, Darcy was slowly but surely making her way over to them, eyes locked on Bruce…or, Steve realized abruptly, more specifically Bruce’s hair.  As soon as she got within reach she was running her fingers over it and through it, smiling beatifically.Bruce slowly turned his head to face them and mouthed, “HELP ME.”Steve glanced over at Bucky, who was looking distinctly amused.  “Have you met Darcy before?” he asked.“Nah, seen her around Thor a coupla times, though.  She’s, ah,” Bucky paused, obviously searching for appropriately complimentar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Darcy is going to give him that hug
whether he likes it or not
spoiler: he does
chemical induced dub-con that never goes past first base
i think
i never really understood the 'bases' analogy
AMERICA'S FAVORITE SPORT IS DARCY MAKE-OUTS

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

