Chapter 1: One Thing Leads To Another
    




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers stared at the stack of folders in front of him. They each contained a résumé and background check and interview notes on the candidates he was considering for open position in the PR department. He’d already looked through these candidates before, helping his head of HR, Natasha, to narrow them down. She had conducted the first round of interviews, narrowing it down to four potentials. Now it was up to Steve to make the final decision.He grabbed the last folder and flipped through the file in front of him. James Barnes. The second round of interviews was really just a formality. Of the four candidates, he’d been the clear favorite, based on his experience. Natasha’s notes said that Barnes had been full of charm when she’d interviewed him. Good, that was a quality he was looking for.Star Spangled Security was Steve’s baby. After he’d retired from the Army, he’d gone into the private security business. It had taken a lot of hard work and dedication, but he’d built the company up from nothing into the high-level firm it was today.His eyes flicked across Barnes’ résumé again. The man was an Army vet too. Another good quality. A lot of Steve’s other employees had served in one capacity or another. He looked at the mountain of paperwork on his desk and blew a slow stream of air between pursed lips. Glancing at his watch, he hit the intercom button.“Sam, go ahead and send the last candidate in, please.”He released the button and closed the file folder. He heard the sound of a knock against the heavy wooden door of his office.“Come in,” Steve said, raising his voice to make sure he was heard.The door opened slowly, revealing a well-dressed, dark haired man. A well-dressed, dark-haired, attractive man. Upon seeing Steve, he smiled broadly.Steve returned the smile, rising from his chair. “You must be James.” He held out his hand in greeting.“I am. Pleased to meet you Mr. Rogers,” he said, accepting the handshake. His grip was firm, and his long fingers slid softly across Steve’s palm as the handshake ended.“Please, call me Steve. Have a seat, James,” he gestured to the chairs on the opposite side of his desk as he took his seat again.Barnes sat down, looking slightly nervous. He smoothed down his gray suit jacket and for a moment Steve was sure he was going to start playing with his tie.“James, thank you for coming in today.”“Thank you, Mr. R— Steve, for having me,” Barnes smiled easily, belying his obvious jitters.Steve went into autopilot, asking the typical interview questions. He heard the important things, and Natasha was right, Barnes was the best man for the job.“So, James, tell me why you’d like to work for my company,” Steve asked.Barnes’ face lit up. “Everyone knows this is a great company to work for. And I think I would be a great addition to your staff.”Steve chuckled at his enthusiasm. “Oh, really? And why is that.”Barnes licked his lips and launched into what sounded like a practiced speech. Steve watched Barnes’ animated expressions closely. He tried to pay attention, but it had been a long day and he knew he wouldn’t be leaving the office any time soon. And as hard as he tried to pay attention to what Barnes was saying, he couldn’t keep his eyes from focusing on the man’s mouth as he talked.Silence. Barnes had stopped talking. Steve cleared his throat before speaking. “I’m sure Natasha went over our employee benefits, the insurance and medical plans?”Barnes nodded.“James, based on your resume and the things Natasha told me after her interview with you, I’d like to offer you the job.” Barnes beamed but before he could speak, Steve held up a hand, interrupting him. “There are a few conditions to your employment however,” he continued. “I know you haven’t been out of the Army long and I know what that can be like. One of the things I offer my employees is the means to make sure they’re healthy, in every way.”“Right, you just said you offer an excellent medical plan.”Steve nodded. “What I also offer, or more accurately, encourage, is that my employees, especially the ones that have served, take advantage of some sort of therapy. Whether you feel more comfortable talking to a private therapist or taking part in group therapy, that’s up to you. It’s not required,” he said, stressing the word. “But as I said, highly encouraged. That way I feel better about any stress the job might bring up. Does that make sense?”Barnes licked his lips, a habit that Steve was beginning to find maddening. “Of course.”Steve nodded. “Welcome to the company, James.” He offered the man another handshake and then immediately regretted it. As Barnes’ fingers grazed his palm again, he felt a warm flush shoot through his body.“Thank you, Steve.” Barnes replied.Steve stood, walking around from behind his desk. Smiling broadly, he put an arm around Barnes’s shoulder, walking him to the door. He meant it as a friendly gesture, but really it was an excuse to touch. W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Dom!Steve
gentle dom!Steve
Sub!Bucky
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Bucky has issues
Steve likes being in control
Blow Jobs
Drunk Sex
I'll add more tags as we go along
Mildly Dubious Consent
maybe? - Freeform
just in case
Teasing
Restraints
Light Bondage
Aftercare
Rimming
Frottage
Spanking
Steve Has Issues
Anal Sex
Blindfolds
Angst
Anal Plug
Finger Sucking
Desk Sex
Under-Desk Blow Jobs
Anal Beads
Collars

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

