Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"This is your target. You will break into his home and kill him. You will leave no evidence; you will bring the body back to your handlers."The words echoed in the Soldier's head as he walked towards the townhouse. It was early in the morning, too early for most people to be up and about, so it was quiet. There was no one to see the Soldier stand in front of a window and use one of Hydra's devices to hack the electronic lock. The window snapped up easily and he effortlessly hefted himself up and over the sill. In a matter of seconds, he was standing inside the living room of one Luke Osmund. His eyes flicked briefly around the room, taking everything in: it was just as his handler had told him it would be.He moved towards the stairs, gliding soundlessly over the floor. He climbed the stairs to the second floor and was met with five doors. According to Hydra's intelligence, Osmund lived alone. His bedroom was at the front of the house. That was the door that the Soldier chose. He stood in front of said door for a moment, listening intently. Had he heard anything other than quiet, rhythmic breathing, he would have chosen a different tactic. But as it sounded like Osmund was asleep, he drew a knife from the collection at his waist and opened the door.A hand grabbed his wrist. Instinctively, the Soldier lashed out and made contact. A blow that would have felled a normal man glanced off of the person attacking him; the Soldier was wrenched around and his head was forced up. He found himself looking into icy green eyes. His body had done things against his will before, but it had never been quite like this. The Soldier found his arms and legs falling to his sides. The knife slid from his grasp and landed on the floor, spinning away into the shadows - where, the Soldier didn't know, for he could not turn himself away from those eyes.Something cold and slippery brushed against his mind."Ah," a voice whispered. "That won't do."And then all he knew was green. Green, and warmth.When he opened his eyes again, he had a monstrous headache. He lay there for several seconds before realizing with some confusion that he was laying down. His handlers would never have allowed that. He sat up quickly, then gasped as the pain intensified. He gripped his head and braced himself with his elbows to his knees, holding perfectly still in the hopes that the radiating waves of pain would eventually subside. It was nothing like the chair, at least, which was a sharp, crackling pain. This was duller, slower."James?"He opened his eyes and looked up.Osmund - no, this wasn't Luke Osmund. The profile that he had been given before dictated a man in his late twenties with long, dark hair, green eyes and a cold smile. The man standing here had the same face, but he commanded attention. He was more than Osmund, as though a veil had fallen away and his true presence could finally be shown."You are James," the man said with slow, deliberate patience. "Do you remember?""I - I am the Soldier," he said, but he didn't think that was true. Not entirely. Not anymore."You are not. While you were unconscious, I went through your brain and repaired much of the damage they had wrought. Not all of it, of course. Some will heal with time. Other scars will always remain." There might have been a spark of pity in those eyes. "But you'll learn to live with them, as we all do.""Who - who are you?!""Ah. I am Loki, from Asgard." Loki finally sat, gracefully unfolding himself into a chair beside the bed. "I am your soulmate.""My... my what?" he said in disbelief."Your soulmate. You were born with a clock, were you not? Everyone has at least one..." Loki rolled up the sleeves of the shirt he was wearing. On one arm was a black clock that read 00:00:00, indicating that Loki had already met his soulmate. But on the other arm was a black clock that still had time remaining on it, which meant that Loki had a second soulmate had he not yet met.And looking at those clocks, written upon pale skin, James remembered. Remembered being a small child and asking his mother why he had two clocks, and two white clocks at that.Remembered his mother tearing up as she told him that two clocks meant two soulmates, but that white clocks meant your soulmates were dead.Remembered the absolute agony of one of his arms being cut off, and knowing that meant he'd lost one of his clocks.His breathing quickening, James grabbed his left arm. Loki must have stripped him out of his gear, because he was wearing a pair of boxers and little else. He looked at the inside of his flesh arm and saw that, rather than having a clock on each arm the way he used to, he now had both clocks written on the same arm. Much to his astonishment, they were now both black. One countdown had run out. But the other... His eyes darted back to Loki's arm and he realized with a sense of deepening incredulity that both his remaining clock and Loki's clock had the same amount of time left.“How?” h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Man 1
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Pre-Iron Man 1
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate AU
Polyamory
Polyamorous Soulmates
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Not Thor compliant
loki (marvel) is estranged from Thor
Bucky Barnes Feels
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Tony Stark Feels
soulmate au - countdown clocks
Soulmate-Identifying Timers
soulmates work a bit differently for asgardians
loki (marvel) lives on earth
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Protective Bucky Barnes
The Ten Rings (Marvel)
Obadiah Stane is an Asshole
tony stark is a badass
removal of brainwashing
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

