Chapter 1: Prologue / Go Dte Tu Un Cead
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

* * * 

Prologue

Washington D.C., 2013
 He had endured cold before, had endured hunger and pain, and wasn’t particularly worried about his capacity to handle them. The damage he’d sustained was significant but not critical; his right arm was more or less useless, but had slipped back into the socket on its own in all the fighting, and his fingers tingled but he could move them. It would heal. The left arm had taken some damage and needed maintenance; it made grinding noises, didn’t move fluidly, and some of the plates were immobilized. It wouldn’t heal. But he didn’t go in, didn’t go back to be debriefed and repaired and put back to sleep.It was a long time since he had made deliberate choices. This wasn’t entirely a deliberate choice. His handlers were gone in the chaos. But he didn’t even go to the rendezvous point that had been set, or any of the alternates. And he deliberately waited, though the cold became brutal, until after dark before he moved away from the culvert where he’d been sheltering and went into an inhabited area to find materials to become inconspicuous. Sweatshirt, hat, jeans, socks, money. He had been wiped too recently, and too imperfectly, and he knew he wasn’t operating at anything like full, or even reasonable, capacity. Everything felt far away and like it was happening to someone else, and he knew he wasn’t presenting anything like a normal affect. People thought he was odd, crazy, unstable, but it meant they avoided him, and that was fine. The pain was bad, that first day, and the night that followed— his right arm was agony, and his head. He stayed out of sight as much as he could, though he had to make one foray to buy food when the pain in his stomach started outcompeting the pain in his head. His left arm didn’t freeze up entirely, and remained usable, but it hurt, it made noise, it was unpleasant. On top of that was the withdrawal— he knew they had drugged him consistently, he knew he had suffered before when he had gone too long between doses, and so he knew he could get through the shaking and nausea and convulsive pain. He knew it would pass, it just didn’t make it pleasant to bear.But he began to try, through the pain in his head, to think. Thinking was hard. Thinking was bad. Thinking wasn’t something he’d really been allowed to do for a long time. But he’d known, now, for a while— maybe always— that they were lying to him, that they were hiding things from him, that they weren’t trustworthy. He’d pretty much always known, he just hadn’t had the capacity to care.They had told him he was a hero, had told him he was a great weapon, had told him he was the tool by which history was shaped, the instrument that cleared the way for peace. He’d believed it, somewhat, but he had never really… been all that concerned with it. He was just a guy doing a job, and whether it was an important job or not wasn’t something he worried about. It wasn’t like he had time to think about it. For a long time he’d thought he was a robot. But he wasn’t. He’d figured that out a long time ago, and it had been a gradual process but he had slowly, through the reprogramming and the wipes and the weight of oblivion, formed the coherent, concrete thought: he was not a robot. He bled, he sneezed, he had stomachaches and occasionally had to take a shit and was often hungry, and his nails and his hair grew and had to be cut, and his flesh parts sometimes failed and sometimes changed shape and sometimes were exhausted and couldn’t be forced onward. Often he bled, sometimes his bones broke.He knew he was human. He knew he was a weapon. Now he knew he’d been someone, before. And he knew, now, everything they’d said, all of it, had been lies. He wasn’t stupid, was the thing. He knew he had always been smarter than they’d accounted for. All along, he’d known they weren’t telling him everything. He’d just always sort of assumed that, deep down, somewhere under all of it, it made sense in some way. Somewhere in there, doubt had crept in, and he’d started to feel that there was some hollowness at the core of all of it, something that they were fighting against, something they struggled to keep concealed from him. The more brutal conditioning, the more violent mind-wipes, all seemed to be bent on hiding something or breaking something. Even fragmented as his awareness was, it kept coming back to coalesce around that central point of something, something they were hiding from him. And then he saw the man on the bridge, and knew him. And— That was it. He’d been a person, once, a regular person who loved and was loved, who wanted and was wanted, who had dreams and goals and was allowed to feel. That was what they’d been hiding from him, what had been behind the otherwise-inexplicable, emphatic savagery of their programming of him.And that was gone, but now that he knew it had been the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Feels
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Brooklyn
Hydra (Marvel)
Drug Withdrawal
New York City
Irish Mob
Irish Language
American History
Gaelic Language
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky's Arm
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-OT3
Pre-OT4
Cyborg Identity
Social Media
Loss of Identity
Loss of Control
Artificial Intelligence
Cybernetics
Virtual Reality
novel-length
Marvel Universe
marvel 616 elements
uh whoops this is definitely explicit

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

