Work Text:
Loki scarce understood that Odin was falling, at first. The collapse seemed only right: his own rage like a bludgeon in his hands and Odin giving way before his wrath, until Loki was kneeling on stone, mind full of endless noise, and he realized his father lay gasping beside him. His hand trembled, hovering over him. Odin opened his eyes and reached a shaking hand back—and did not take Loki's hand, but pressed flat against his breast, and all the world went to dark and silence as power flooded into his veins.He woke dizzy and ill, struggling to rise from a pallet beneath his mother's hands as she urged him to rest. "Father," Loki said, forgetting for one moment that it was not so; that he had no father but a monster in another realm, who had cast him out at birth, to be picked up like a bit of flotsam for a battlefield memento."Loki," his mother—who was not his mother—said, and he remembered; he struck her hands away and dragged himself from the bed, unsteady on his feet. "My son—""Stop," he said, unable to bear the lie from her lips, and almost had to laugh: all Asgard called him a lie-smith beyond compare, and he had thought himself so in truth; how absurd that he should be more greatly deceived than all his lies rolled into one. "I know. I know I am not your son. He told me the truth at last."Frigga rose and caught his face between her hands, and he was too weak-hearted to pull away: a lie so great was too precious to surrender all at once. "Loki," she said. "Oh, my dear boy; you are my son, and his. It is some evil fate that you should learn of your birth in such a way, at such a time—""When Thor is gone?" Loki said bitterly, wrenching himself free. "Just when I might otherwise be of some temporary use—""Loki," Frigga said again, and he stopped: her eyes were wet with tears and red, and he said, "What—where is Father?" She gave him no answer but came into his arms weeping, and when the guards entered from the hall they knelt, and called him king.
He did not realize at first what Odin had done to him now, until he sat in hall upon the throne—after all, a lie so perfect deserved to be continued—and Cragga, one of Asgard's noble lords who ever had sneered at Odin's second son, spat on the dais before him. "I will take oath to no lack-spittle womanish sorcerer: would that Odin had contented himself with but one child!"The rage returned unbidden, hot in veins that Loki knew now had always been meant to run cold. There were words ready, words he had planned and crafted, anticipating some such challenge to his rule. They lay unused upon his tongue. Instead he reared from the throne and spoke a word which came to his mind in shining letters. The sound of that word hummed like a blade swinging through the air, and by its keening edge Cragga was flung down: torn from his armor and his flesh both, and his spirit fled the hall shrieking in lonely horror while all along the tables men fell silent as a battle's dawn.Loki stood on the dais with power seething beneath his skin, power and a wrath not meant for him to carry, and understood everything, saw everything, with sudden perfect clarity. Of course Odin had not contented himself with stealing a child, nor with binding it to him in hopeless stupid love, nor even with some half-thought plot to somehow seize control of Jotunheim. Odin had made of that child a tool to serve his own son, in whatever way it could. A supposed rival, to push him to ambition; a mage, to be his right arm in battle; a learned man, to be his councillor; and now, a vessel: to hold the throne, and hold Odin's own power like wine in a cup, until—until Thor came back to drink."But you are dead," Loki said softly to his father's ghost, "and I will no longer be a slave to you and yours."He forced down the rage-touched power, though it tried a thousand ways to well up through crevices and cracks in his mind; he swallowed it and in his mind built a prison of ice to close it in his belly; and he stood before all the lords of Asgard in the hall that now was his and smiled."My father Odin walks no more among us," Loki said, into the silence he had made: his crafted words might serve him yet. "My brother, in exile, is disowned. Asgard's throne stands empty." He stepped down from the dais, one foot after another, and paced the length of the hall, behind the backs of lords and warriors. "I know full well," he said, shading his voice with a perfect single note of regret, "that many among you have no love of me." He paused between Eldred and Rothrar, whose hands were clenched upon their hilts, their backs still. "— And for my share in that, I would ask all your pardon."The lords looked at one another uneasily as he turned at the foot of the table to come around and face them all again. Loki stood there and said gently, "I think you all here know that I never thought of the throne, for my father thought of it not for me. He had a noble firstborn son, and his second son, I think, he allowed himself t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Consent Issues

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

