Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They’ve just returned from a mission. A rather easy one at that. And, in usual celebratory fashion, the compound is alight with festivities, drinks are being poured and laughter travels through the group in waves. The successful raid of yet another Hydra base might not necessarily warrant a party, but that doesn’t stop Tony from dragging everyone out of their rooms not an hour after they’ve returned and forcing the freshly-showered and battle-worn Avengers to ‘just have a quick beer.’ Unfortunately, that’s not the way it works out, because putting alcohol and exhaustion and a bunch of egotistical men who think they’re all exponentially funnier than they actually are together never works out; and soon chaos reigns. Wanda tries to stay out of it, which is what she normally does, tucking her feet underneath her on the couch against the back corner of the living room. Content to watch everyone else get drunk and act stupid, but never partaking in that specific action herself. She’s not one for large groups, she never has been. It was always Pietro who would coax her out of her shell, convincing her that other people were fun and not at all scary. Especially now that she could pretty much silence anyone one she wanted to with a snap of her fingers, the red energy under her skin a very convincing deterrent for anyone who tried to do something she didn’t agree with. So, despite the fact that she was now unmistakably a part of this group, an Avenger, she still had yet to let her guard down, socializing in small doses and with few people.   However, something happens. Something persuasive and sexy and all pouting red lips and puppy dog eyes, begging her to join in on the fun because the majorly male presence surrounding her was practically smothering her in testosterone. That something being one Natasha Romanoff. That something being the current object of Wanda’s affections. However, she had yet to admit that to herself. Instead, trying to convince herself that the reason her heart beat faster when Natasha smiled at her was that she was just intimidated by the older women. That the reason she lingered at the window of the gym when Natasha was working out was just so she could watch her form, and try to replicate it herself later when she would spar with Steve (the word spar being used very loosely in this particular case.) Whatever the situation may be, when Natasha made her way over to where Wanda was sitting (hiding) and grabbed her hand, pulling her towards the raucous laughter and infectious energy of the party, it was impossible for her to say no. “Wow, you managed to entice the little witch to join us,” Tony says, his drunken smile greeting her and Natasha as they rounded the corner into the kitchen, and the rest of the boys cheer when they see her. “Just one drink,” she says, holding up her finger as if to cement her decision, and she smiles as the boys all boo at her, a Cheeto hitting her in the forehead courtesy of Sam. Clint, Rhodey and Steve are also seated around the table with Tony and Sam, a couple decks of cards in front of them, beers and bowls of various snacks littering the table’s surface.  “Isn’t she such a party pooper?” Natasha asks the group, leading Wanda behind the bar with her and letting her hand go. She grabs two shot glasses from the counter, flips them right side up and looks over at Wanda, a challenging smile on her face. “What are we drinking hun?” Wanda’s face flushes at the term of endearment, trying not to think about how much she likes hearing it come out of Natasha’s mouth, no time to unpack that at the moment. “Uhm- that is your choice, I don’t- don’t really care,” she says, shifting away from Natasha to lean against the counter of the bar, her back facing the boys. “Alright, vodka it is then,” Natasha says in a definitive tone. Wanda watches as she expertly pours two shots of the clear alcohol and pushes one towards her. Natasha tosses the shot back and swallows in one fluid motion, Wanda copies her, wincing at the sharp taste in her mouth that the vodka leaves in its wake. “Another one, Maximoff?” she asks, grabbing the bottle and filling her own glass. Wanda shakes her head fiercely, but her protests are futile, Natasha already pushing another full shot into her hand. She drinks this one too, the hand sanitizer-like flavour of the shot almost worse the second time. “Let’s make it three,” Natasha says, reaching for Wanda’s shot glass but Wanda takes a step back, keeping the glass firmly clasped in her hand. “Uh, no that is okay, two is fine for me.” Natasha’s eyes flash at Wanda’s response and she steps toward Wanda, instantly closing the gap Wanda had purposely put between them and then some, her chest presses against Wanda’s. Wanda instantly feels like the temperature in the room has just been cranked up. “I think you should do three,” she says, reaching for the hand Wanda currently has closed around the tiny glass, and tries to pry her fingers ope
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Dominant Natasha
submissive wanda
Friends With Benefits
Choking
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Lesbian Sex
POV Alternating
Minor Injuries
Soft Natasha
Soft Wanda
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Friends to Lovers
Praise Kink
Possessive Natasha

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

