Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes’s luck runs out on May 29th.  “I’ll shoot you if you come any closer,” the owner of Pronto Market says with trembling fingers and a shaky voice.  The barrel of the shotgun wavers as he tries to track Bucky’s movements up the snack-lined aisle.“Shooting me isn’t gonna fix your debt.  I’m just the messenger,” Bucky tells him calmly.  He trails his fingers over the cheap metal shelving as he walks and hears the crunchy sound of chip bags falling in his wake.  “I don’t have the money,” the man almost pleads.  “Not my problem,” Bucky says with a sympathetic shrug.“I have kids,” he tries one more tactic.  “You know how it is, James.  I’ve seen you with the girls.”“Give me the money that you owe my boss, or you can explain to your kids why daddy’s in a wheelchair.”  Bucky twirls the bat and arcs it into a candy display, punching through the cardboard and sending Skittles packets flying across the floor.  He reaches the counter and flicks the ‘You must be 21 to buy’ sign to the floor.The man swallows hard.  Bucky sighs and rears back, preparing his arm for the jolt of bat against human bone.  There’s a piercing crack behind him.In the confines of the store, it’s much louder than he’s used to hearing, and he registers the noise before he feels the white hot pain sear up his thigh. He turns his back on the store owner and stares incredulously at the pudgy woman behind him. She’s shaking like a leaf, but her hands are steady, and the look she gives Bucky is somewhere between disgust and fury.“What the fuck?” Bucky yells, clutching at his leg and feeling the warm slick of blood through his glove.  He takes a few steps backwards so the shelves impede her line of sight and he doesn’t have his back to either gun.  His leg burns with each step, but he can walk.  “You get away from my husband!” the store owner’s wife screams.  “I already called cops!”  She keeps the handgun leveled on Bucky as he swears and backs out of the store, hands in plain sight.  No one would describe Bucky Barnes’s life as ‘charmed,’ but what luck he has runs out the day he gets shot in a convenience store on 18th Avenue in Bensonhurst.  He leaves a palmful of blood, two emotional store owners, and his lucky bat behind as he barrels out the door and jumps into the waiting getaway car.“Looks deep,” the driver comments as Bucky hunches down in the back seat.  “Shut up and drive,” Bucky orders.  He clenches the  side of his thigh and squeezes his eyes shut.  “The emergency room?”“Fuck no, take me over to Yakov’s place. He’s got stuff to clean it,” Bucky growls back at him. He’s too distracted to handle this level of stupidity right now - what idiot would go to an ER after being shot during an extortion-turned-assault?  “Are you sure it’s not-”“Fuck, are they paying you to give medical advice or fucking drive?” Bucky yells.  There are sirens in his ears, and he can feel his pulse in his bloody leg.  He’s not sure how he’s going to get out of this one, but he and the girls don’t have any other choice.  “Sorry, Buck,” the kid apologizes.  He hesitates, then, “Is it-is it gonna hurt my prospecting chances if you bleed out?”Bucky pulls the hood of his sweatshirt over his face and doesn’t say anything else until they get to the bar.  His mind is too busy thinking ahead to damage control to deal with moronic questions.    Steve Rogers isn’t exactly bright-eyed when he lets himself into his Brownsville clinic. Frankly, he’s dead tired, but his work ethic doesn’t allow him to slack off.The clinic really isn’t anything special; truth be told, the building has seen better days, but it’s freshly painted, clean, and a definite step up from what the neighborhood previously had. Maybe he’ll eventually do improvements to the exterior when he isn’t steeped in med school loans.  For now, it’s somewhere he can offer people decent, safe medical care, and that’s what’s important.The smell of coffee hits him like an old friend, and he sags with a bit of relief when his Nurse Practitioner, Sam Wilson, appears with two steaming cups.“Wow. You look like you went a few rounds with… something,” he smirks. “I’d say our local heavy weight, but you’re not nearly that exciting.”“Pipe burst in the kitchen last night. I’m not about to call a plumber when I can do it myself, especially not at two in the morning,” Steve sighs, dropping down onto the waiting room couch. “I didn’t really expect it to take me three hours to deal with, though.”“Note to self: Don’t call Steve for my plumbing issues. Got it.” Sam grins down at him then rolls his eyes dramatically. “Man, that’s the time to call the damn plumber! It breaks on a Saturday, fine, I feel ya, but on a work night? Hell with that!”“Morning,” Peter grumbles as he walks in and flops down at the reception desk.  He looks as sleepy as Steve does, but unlike Steve, he hasn’t bothered to comb his hair or press his slacks.  “Want some coffee, Peter?  I made a pot because our receptionist wasn’t here in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - present day
Thug!Bucky
Doctor!Steve
Hurt/Comfort
mild medical procedures
racial tension (gang-related)
Implied Drug Use
Implied homophobia
Gang-Related Violence
Guardian!Bucky
internalized ableism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

