Chapter 1: Reckless Abandonment
    




Chapter Text
In the interest of fairness, Stephen wasn’t exactly surprised to find Tony on the other side of the incessant banging that had been coming from the front door of the Sanctum for the last two and a half minutes. He was actually surprised that it had taken the engineer this long to come and confront him.It had taken Tony seven months to figure out the quantum realm GPS, as he himself had dubbed it, in order for the remaining Avengers to go back in time and gather the infinity stones. Of the timelines Stephen had seen, that was one of the fastest turn-arounds for Tony. He was able to do it in tens of thousands of timelines, but this was the only one in which they had actually won. Won, meaning limited casualties. Won, meaning everyone that was snapped was brought back. Won, meaning Thanos and his army had been stopped and dusted from existence. Won, meaning Tony Stark survived.Again, in the interest of fairness, it hadn’t actually taken Tony seven months to figure it out. It had taken him about seven hours once he was able to properly focus on the problem. The other time was spent grieving those who had been lost, most notably Peter Parker, by drinking until he finally blacked out and didn’t have to see the boy’s eyes as he tried so hard to cling to life. Until he didn’t have to hear his voice telling Tony he was sorry. Sorry for what? It had been Tony’s fault. If he hadn’t fought with Rogers and the rest over the Accords, they would have been together to fight Thanos. And none of this would have happened.While the remaining Avengers had split up across the globe (and universe) to combat all of the issues that were occurring after the snap, Tony had retreated into his lab and rarely left. Rhodey managed to get him to eat, shower and sleep periodically. But when Rhodey was busy, Tony was alone. Not even Pepper could get through to him, and as Tony made perfectly clear, she had other things to worry about. They hadn’t been able to work through their issues that lead to their breakup right before the Civil War. Tony knew it was for the best, they both did. Pepper had moved on, met someone else, and been married right before Thanos. Shortly after the snap, she had found out she was pregnant. Tony was happy for her, he really was. They were always better as friends. But she couldn’t help him with this. And he was not going to let her continue to drag herself down to his level.His level happened to be the floor of his lab more often than not. That’s where he was when he decided, in an alcohol induced rage, that he should just do the world a favor and end it for himself. He had spent the previous some odd hours cursing Thanos, Stephen Strange, Peter Quill, and Stephen Strange some more. Why that infuriating wizard had saved his life at the cost of half the universe was still escaping him. And just to spite that tall, skinny asshole, Tony was going to press the repulsor on his palm to his temple and blast a hole through his head. He had tapped the nano housing on his chest and was watching the arm of his suit form when FRIDAY spoke up.“Boss.” She so rarely addressed him these days that he jumped in surprise. “This might just be the worst idea you’ve ever had.”Tony laughed. “The worst idea I ever had was that I was capable of doing the right thing and helping people. I’ve only ever made things worse.” His voice was barely above a whisper. He was exhausted and wanted it all to just stop.Before he could move his hand up to his head, FRIDAY continued. “Then allow me to show you something before you go.”Tony didn’t have a chance to argue. He saw a hologram appear before him displaying a picture. A picture of him and Peter, who was holding his Stark Internship certificate upside down. Tony stared at the boy’s face until the tears in his eyes completely blurred his vision. He blinked, and they cascaded down his pale cheeks. Right when he was about to tear his eyes away from the picture, it changed to a video from that same day.
“I can’t believe you had this framed for me Mr. Stark. Thank you, I really appreciate it.”

Tony watched himself try to hold back a smile unsuccessfully. “Well I figured I had to so that it would look more official seeing as how I just typed it up on my laptop about twelve minutes ago.”

“Wait,” Peter said softly. Tony looked nervous that the kid was going to take offense to that. But instead, he replied with “you made this for me yourself?”

Tony nodded slowly. “Yeah. I mean I know it’s just so that you’ll get credit for school and I could have just signed the paper, but I thought that this was-”

He was cutoff by Peter dragging him into a hard hug. The teenager was very strong, and the force of it all but knocked the wind from Tony’s lungs. Tony put his arms around Peter to steady himself as much as to return the hug, smiling fondly now that the kid couldn’t see his face.

“Thank you,” Peter said against his shoulder.

“It’s not a big deal kid,” T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
IronStrange - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Anxiety Disorder
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alcoholic Tony Stark
Friends to Lovers
Sexual Content
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Mental Health Issues
Slow Burn
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Endgame

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
IronStrange - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

