Work Text:
Bucky can barely stand it. He’s burning all over and his teeth clench so hard he’s worried they’ll break, creaking and grinding. With every breath he takes he feels his chest tighten that much more. He wants to fight, wants to argue and punch something, knows he is in an irrational mindset but can’t backpedal; he’s too far gone. He can hear Steve shout something from the kitchen, but he obviously can’t fucking hear him when he is on the other side of the apartment. He doesn’t respond.He hears his name again. His teeth grind some more. He shouts back, “What?!”, using the opportunity to raise his voice, hoping his aggravation soaks through his tone. He doesn’t hear much of anything back and fuck if that doesn’t make him even more upset. He slams his pen down onto the desk, the force of it ripping at one of the pages of his textbook. Fuck it.He woke up in a fiery mood, spittin’ and kickin’, for reasons unknown to him. Sometimes people just wake up in moods, which he knows well, but his tend to be on the sad and numb side, nothing like this. He woke up and has been in a piss mood ever since, very little working to calm him down.He walks with heavy pounding feet towards Steve, towards the kitchen, knows he is actively huffing and puffing but he can’t find it in him to care whatsoever.“What?!” he asks yet again, as he approaches the kitchen and Steve’s there and just seeing him makes Bucky want to punch his perfect fucking face. He watches the older man take a deep breath and he almost wants Steve to yell, wants him to raise his voice or smack him around.“I asked if you wanted me to make you something for lunch, sweetheart,” he explains calmly, turning towards the counter, working to make a few sandwiches loaded with all the fixins’, capable hands working quickly and efficiently.“I’m fine,” he grumbles, turning to walk back to the office but Steve’s voice stops him again.“Bucky. Come in here and eat, take a break from studying, honey.”He clenches his fists. He knows Steve is being a good boyfriend, being the sweetest person he knows, but he can’t fucking stand it. He doesn’t have the time to stop and take a break and he sure as hell doesn’t want to do it when Steve is telling him to. He turns on his heel to look at Steve as he says, “I said I don’t want to.” It’s a challenge, more than it should be, something so simple, and he crosses his arms over his chest as if to add on a physical representation of “make me”.“Bucky…” Steve says, almost sounding exasperated but it also sounding like a warning. He’s facing the younger man now and Bucky can’t tell if he wants to turn and walk back to the office, avoiding Steve’s damn near direct order or if he wants to square up and argue some more. Both are so so tempting.“Bucky, come here.” Fuck that. He doesn’t move. He doesn’t move and he finds himself gritting out, “Make me.” He knows he’s being a brat, knows he has been all damn day. He knows Steve is being as sweet as can be, trying to be supportive, but he can only take so much. He would normally be afraid to mouth off this much to Steve, but it doesn’t matter when he’s this far gone. He knows it’s coming but there’s nothing he can do to stop it.Steve is on him in a blinding few seconds, large hands grabbing, spinning, and pushing him back into the counter, hot and heavy frame pressing into his body. Bucky practically snarls, hands shoving back and pushing at the older man’s chest, lower back digging into the sharp and cold countertop. He sees fucking red. All of his pent-up energy and anger and fight boil up and out of him at the confining feeling of Steve’s hands on him. He knows it isn’t a fair fight, it’s Steve fucking Rogers who works out every morning and eats quinoa and can bench press Bucky without even grunting, but Bucky can’t help it. He wants this fight.“Bein’ a fuckin’ brat today, baby,” Steve whispers harshly into his ear, tearing at his earlobe, and Bucky growls as his legs kick into Steve’s, twisting his torso as he feels the older man’s hand gather both of his wrists into one wide palm.“Fuck you,” Bucky spits, shocking himself with his own words, trying not to regret them as soon as they’re out, but fuck he hates that he feels so weak and overpowered now in addition to his fury. Steve just chuckles darkly, sucking on the sensitive skin of his neck, pulling Bucky’s arms over his head, arching his back further. “Oh, look at you, kitten. So feisty. Daddy just needs to give you some release, put you in your place, yeah? You’ve been a little bitch all goddamn day and I’ve been so patient, sugar.” Bucky lets out a rumbly noise, pushing himself up onto his tiptoes to better ease the ache in his back. Steve’s low voice in his ear, calling him kitten, his unoccupied hand reaching down to pinch at his nipple, fuck, it’s nicer than he wants it to be. He tugs at his arms to show he isn’t down for the count just yet.“Don’t need a goddamn thing from you, Rogers,” he whispers gruffly, making the mistake of ki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Daddy Kink
Angry Sex
Manhandling
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Frottage
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Feminization
Size Difference
Size Kink
Age Difference
Dom/sub Undertones
Face Slapping
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

