Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

This fic is heavily inspired by a work called "A Dream Turned Dark" by unladenswallow. If you haven't read it than you should seriously go check it out! Now, onto my briefly and potentially crappy summary. 
Life sucks when you're an Omega. It's even worse considering society treats Alphas like superior beings and Omegas as trash compactors. No more. Violet Mason, an angry Omega with a penchant for defiance and haunted by an abusive past, has had enough of watching her fellow Omegas get pushed around and used like toys. She, along with fellow like minded individuals, team up to form the "Omega Protection Agency", which has saved and protected many an Omega from grievous harm form unworthy Alphas. Sadly, things only get harder as time goes on. Her best friend, Peter Parker, is now being courted by one of the most dangerous Alphas in the world, Tony Stark. The head of the Avengers Mafia. Violet has to save her friend before it's too late, and find a way to save herself when two more Alphas from the Avengers decide they needed to claim her as their own.





Chapter Text
Prologue

5 years ago

The warehouse was dingy and cold, reminiscent of atypical thriller movies designed to immediately put the characters and viewers on edge. Dusty, broken crates were stacked high in rows of 10, maybe fifteen pallets before revealing a walkway and then the next row began. Contents from those crates were spilled out on the cold, barren floors. Mostly machine parts, some bullets, and a random weapon or two. There was little to no light on the floor, most of it coming from the full moon on the surprisingly clear night, the rest from the flashlight standing up on a broken crate next to a group of individuals wearing malicious smiles.
The group consisted of four men and one woman. The tallest of the bunch was the blonde male alpha who had the build of an Olympian hero. 6’5’, broad shoulders, slim waist, prominent muscles bulging from his tight clothes. A beautiful, unexpectedly honest face with eyes plucked from the ocean and a jawline cut from a Greek blade. He didn’t smile. His hair was cut short, barely an inch standing up straight. Pairing it with his stiff stance and straight posture, he was the military man of the bunch. The battle commander. But they were not in battle now. He was known as the Captain.
He stood next to another male alpha that was not quite as tall as him, but far more intimidating. Long, dark hair was tied back in a messy bun, a few strands escaped to frame his devilishly handsome face and intense, icy gaze. He was bulkier than the blonde, a wrestler’s build versus the Captain’s swimmer-like build. His left arm was metal, a highly advanced robotic replacement he received after losing it during a Black Ops mission from years prior, the same one he was captured and tortured for months before he ultimately escaped, saved by his brother and a rogue, and came home. The Captain was his brother by bond, and apart from their significant others, they would die for no one else. He was known as The Winter Soldier.
The woman stood in front of the pair. She too was an Alpha. Auburn hair flowing loosely past her shoulders, a malicious smirk curling the corners of her plump, red lips and heating her smoldering gaze. She had the body that could shift from dainty and submissive to daring and lethal in seconds. Just now she appeared bold and ready to act, even with the tall figures behind her dwarfing her smaller stature. She was a weapon. Cultivated as a child to become the most lethal spy in her country’s sordid history before turning against them and bringing them down with a smile. She was the rogue that helped save the Winter Soldier and earned the Captain’s trust in doing so. They were the reason she turned against those who made her. She was known as the Black Widow.
Sitting a bit away from the group, taking off his glasses and rubbing them clean with his olive button down shirt, was the third man, another alpha. His posture slumped forward slightly; the corners of his mouth drooped. His wavy brown hair was unkempt, not much longer than the Captain’s, and flopped this way and that. His eyes took in the warehouse, tired and weary, reluctant for the inevitable outcome that was to occur. He placed his glasses back on his face, pushing them up his nose carefully, his shoulders drooping more. Right now, he was the Doctor, but not for much longer.
The fourth man was pacing in front of his comrades. He wore an expensive three-piece suit, grey in color with a matching vest, burgundy shirt, black wing tip shoes, and silver cufflinks adorned with a specially made, sapphire encrusted A. His watch was of his own making, high tech, and connected to his A.I. FRIDAY, who helped run his business Stark Industries. His company dealt with machine manufacturing and clean energy production, but it was a cover for illegal trade in weapons, secrets, and hits. They don’t deal in recreational drugs, not wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Smut
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Stalking
Kidnapping
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Coercion
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Natasha Romanov
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Dubious Morality
Implied/Referenced Dubious Consent
Eventual Relationships
Eventual Smut
Eventual Happy Ending
Possessive Behavior
Angst and Feels
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Karen Page
Protective Matt Murdock
Alternate Universe - Mob
Alternate universe - Mafia
Precious Peter Parker
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Protective Jessica Jones
Alternate Universe - Dark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

