Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It was never easy for you, pretending to be something that you weren’t. But in your specific field of work, secondary gender was just a word on a document. Medicine and chemicals could take care of erasing whatever you were, and morphed you into what you needed to be. 


There were drawbacks of course, like only having those closest to you knowing that you’re truly an omega, while all of your coworkers and work friends had no idea that you were anything other than a calm and collected, self-assured beta. 


But being in the espionage workline, being a beta without heats or the appeal of a dominating alpha was an advantage that just couldn’t be looked over. Sometimes you wish that you weren’t as good at your job as you were because then you could be the omega who got cuddles and praise, got dotted on and knotted on a regular basis, but it wasn’t who you were. 


Although omega rights had progressed immensely, there was always the glass ceiling, double layered for you, if not tripled because of your young age, female primary gender, and omega secondary gender. Being a beta at least erased the most important barrier in your way to being a successful agent at SHIELD. 


Which is how you find yourself in god knows where exactly, in a safe house tucked away in the woods of some snowy country. Wounded nonetheless, with your heat coming on because your bag had been lost in a fight a few days ago, which means no suppressants and it’s too risky to expose yourself in the small town that you had passed yesterday to get some emergency heat stallers. 


So you make do with what you can, you check the security of the safe house, and deeming it up to par, let yourself relax for the first time since the solo mission began two weeks ago. 


The quite significant gash on your leg desperately needs to be taken care of, but with your heat approaching and your inner omega stirring, the idea of pain isn’t nearly as tolerable as it normally is. So instead you walk around the house that’s more of a cabin and pull all of the blankets off of the bed and cough when the dust flies off of them, clouding in the air. It’s not exactly nesting material, but it’s going to have to do for now. You get lost in your thoughts as you pull all of the extra bedding out of the storage closet. A few extra pillows and some blankets are packaged so they’re not covered in dust and your chest hums quietly in happiness.



God, I really wish I had passed this onto someone else. Maggie wasn’t doing anything this month, why hadn’t she been put on this assignment? 



Your thoughts turn slightly sour as you put the nesting materials on the ground in the living room and kneel down and start arranging them in a small circle. You push the couch closer to the fireplace and then the chair cornered to it to give your nest the semblance of two solid sides. 


Your leg throbs and you involuntarily let out a whimper as you stand up, the wound still slowly bleeding. You know you can’t put off stitching it up anymore and filled with dread, head shakily to the bathroom where a very detailed first aid kit will be located. 


Sure enough there’s a suture kit and you grab it with shaky hands, not happy with what you’re about to do to yourself. 


In the silence of the very empty cabin you shakily open the suture kit and pick out the smallest needle with the thread that’s going to hurt the least being tugged through your skin. 


Just as you hold the needle with a shaking hand, your secure line cell phone rings and you startle, dropping the needle onto the towels spread out underneath you in the bathroom. 


With trembling hands you pick it, not bothering to check the caller, there’s only a few people it could be anyways. What you weren’t expecting to hear was the deep baritone of a familiar alpha wash over you. 


“Decided to go camping doll?” Bucky’s voice sinks into your bones although you’re hundreds of miles apart. 


“Hilarious Barnes. I know that you guys used to do that crap back in the middle ages in some forests in Germany, but we’re a little beyond that now. I’ve got four solid walls around me, so take that.” You lean back against the wall, and let your head ‘thud’ as you close your eyes and pretend that he’s here with you.


“Yeah, yeah, whatever you millennial. Pick on the old man. But seriously, how are you holding up? The computers telling me that you’re at a safe house? Where’d you lose the trail?”


You debate what to tell him, what the professional beta agent would say, or what your omega wants to beg for. 


Before you can let your omega instincts compromise your classification, you talk into the phone, “I’m okay. Lost them about 20 miles west of the cabin. The snow should be covering my tracks so they’ll lose my direction soon if they haven’t already.” Your voice shakes a little and you reprimand yourself, you have an image to maintain and aren’t about to jeopardize your future because your heat addled brain is slowly taking ov
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Phil Coulson & Reader

freeform: 
reader pretends to be a beta
Reader is an Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Reader
Alpha Phil Coulson
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
hurt reader
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Nesting
Glass Ceiling
Threesome - F/M/M
f/m - Freeform
m/m - Freeform
Breeding Kink
bonding to save a life
Praise Kink
authority kink
Beefy Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
everyone lives in the compound and is happy
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Happy Ending
Smut
first real attempt at writing smut
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
bottom reader
Bottom Steve Rogers
Medical Procedures
Alpha/Alpha/Omega
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Phil Coulson & Reader

