Chapter 1: PREFACE | Part I: DEPARTURE
    




Chapter Text



PREFACENor dread nor hope attend
A dying animal;
A man awaits his end
Dreading and hoping all.
W.B. Yeats—Death  Steve had assumed, by this point in his life, that he had a good shot at old age being the cause of his death. He was wrong, of course. That was the thing about assumptions. They were the mother of all fuck-ups.The crowd was screaming and the sand was hot underneath his feet. There was a riot of sensations; heat, light, sound. The blood gushing down his side was warm and too plentiful. How could Steve have ever guessed that this was how he would die? In an alien gladiatorial arena, thousands screaming for his death as Iron Man bore down on him?Tony’s face was cold as he stepped forward. His armor was gold like the sun and red like Steve’s blood. It was Tony and he was alive. Just the sight of him made all the pain Steve had experienced to get here completely worth it.“Good night, Captain,” Tony said, and his spear flashed in the light of the double suns as he raised it high in a killing motion.    
 ~ SEVEN DAYS EARLIER ~ 
   
Part I: DEPARTUREWhen you are old and grey and full of sleep,
And nodding by the fire, take down this book,
And slowly read, and dream of the soft look
Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep
W.B. Yeats—When You Are Old  Steve was dreaming.Or maybe it was a memory? He could hear fragmenting sounds, children laughing, Peggy humming under her breath while she tried and failed to cook something, and chuckling when Steve took over. It could be a memory, because he could see familiar flashes of their beautiful home, the clock on the mantelpiece, the upright piano, the long line of shoes queued up by the door in descending size.Then everything shattered with a screech, and a thump, and the sound of something soft hitting concrete, and that's when Steve knew it had to be a dream. It couldn't be a memory, because Steve had never heard those noises on that actual day. His attention had been pulled from the kitchen by a scream. A terrible scream that he would never forget. A scream that started again now, swelling, breaking, rolling across Steve's mind like a siren. Death was coming, that scream said. Death was coming soon. Death was coming now.Steve startled awake and didn't believe it for a second, because the ground wasn't solid beneath him. He felt off-balance, uncertain. He took a deep breath and when he looked up, he saw he wasn't alone."You know, if you really want everyone to stop treating you like an old man, you probably shouldn't fall asleep in your rocking chair," Bucky said, smirking.Steve resisted the urge to scowl. Bucky was perched on his usual seat near the window. He liked that he could see the white walls of the Avengers compound rising in the distance from that vantage point."I wasn't asleep," Steve lied. He was still clutching the book he'd meant to start reading after lunch. He shifted in the seat and surreptitiously tried to put the book to one side, like his thumb wasn't wedged in awkwardly enough to bend some of the pages. "You been here long?""Long enough to know you snore now," Bucky said, still smirking."Laugh it up, Barnes," Steve said. "You're not getting any younger either.""You've still got, what, a century on me now? I don't think I'm ever catching you up, old man Rogers."Steve smiled and then belatedly remembered his manners. "Can I get you something to drink?"Bucky arched an eyebrow. "I'd have one already if I wanted one," he said, which was fair; Steve encouraged everyone to use his small home as their own if they ever needed to. "Nah, I was just on my way up to the compound, thought I'd stop by before the meeting starts."Steve tensed. A meeting? And he hadn't been invited?"Relax, it's probably nothing," Bucky said. "If it was urgent, would I have been given an actual appointment time?"Steve tried to relax. "I didn't even know you were back in the states yet," he said."Oh boy, it was a surprise to me too," Bucky said, and immediately started launching in about his latest adventures with some Canadian superheroes, and apparently Sam had egged Bucky into challenging Justin Trudeau to a boxing match. "I'm only showing you this because Sam's looking forward to your face and I need to deprive him of that joy." Steve did laugh at the photo; Bucky grumpily holding up a sign admitting his loss to the retired politician."How about you?" Bucky said. "Kids driving you wild yet?"Steve pulled a face. Every weekend he helped coach some of the rookie wannabe Avengers and they were teenagers, their judgment wasn't always… amazing. Steve told Bucky how last weekend he'd had to confiscate the stunning device that Obadiah Stane had once used to nearly kill Tony.The little idiots had been stunning each other during class. For fun."The punks," Bucky said. "We'd have never done anything like that." Bucky winked and Steve laughed, because maybe there was that ill-advised game of Pocket Knife Baseball on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Post-Canon Fix-It
Action/Adventure
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Temporary Character Death
Minor Character Death
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
Mildly Dubious Consent
Body Horror
Canon-Typical Worms
Worms
Self-Sacrificing Steve Rogers
Self-Sacrifice
Violence
Blood and Gore
Gladiators
Kissing
Gratuitous Shirtless Steve
Killing
Battle
Angst with a Happy Ending
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Sleeping Together
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

