Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He couldn’t do this. Sitting in the back of the limo, back pressed against the rear leather seat, suit too tight and hot, Steve knew he just could not do this.  Everything he’d told himself since Clint had even mentioned this whole idea, everything he’d heard the lady at the agency say…it was out the window the moment the guy put his hand on Steve’s crotch and started rubbing. It had seemed so simple, a lifeline when Clint had casually mentioned that he’d done it from time to time when he’d been short on funds.  No big deal.  He’d seemed so nonchalant about it.   All high-end, Clint had said.  No weird stuff, unless you were into that.  You had to ok everything beforehand.  All above-board, or as above-board as something like this could be. And then the woman at the agency.  She’d seemed so professional in her tailored suit and sharp heels, going over paperwork and giving him her business card, embossed with nothing more than a black spider with a red dot and a phone number beneath it.  Just another day at the office. But then there was this guy and he was touching Steve and she’d said, “Only what you are ok with.  Only what you agree to beforehand,” and had he agreed to this?  He couldn’t seem to remember, all rational thought having left around the time the guy he’d met twenty minutes ago started grabbing his cock and rubbing like there was a wish-granting genie on the horizon.  He gripped the door handle, not sure what his plan was there, just glad to have some means of escape in his hand as panic set in. He’d taken a cab to the guy’s place, based on the address the agency had provided.  Dress nicely, they’d said.  Tux.  He’d had to borrow Clint’s.  It was outdated and too small, but it worked.  He didn’t figure on having it on long enough to matter, to be honest.  And therein was the problem.  He’d signed up for this.  Full disclosure.  He’d gone in, met with the scarily professional lady that he supposed was technically a madam, answered some questions and let her take some pictures and it had all seemed fine, a bit like he imagined modeling would be except with blood tests.  And the way Clint talked…well, it had seemed like such an easy fix.  Just a night, just sex.  He could handle that.  Wasn’t like he was afraid of anything happening that he didn’t want to happen. After all, he had a good six inches and fifty pounds of muscle on the guy.  So why did he feel small, pinned in place, sitting here in the back of a limo, sweating through his borrowed, too-small suit? “Looks like the whole package is industrial sized,” the man said with a lascivious smirk, continuing to rub up and down Steve’s cock.  Steve was this close to bolting when the limo stopped and moments later, the door popped open.  Air.  Breath.  Good God, Steve thought, sucking in a lungful.  He’d been on the verge of a panic attack over a little groping.  How was he supposed to get through the night?  He knew what he’d signed up for, after all.  He wasn’t an idiot.  She’d asked very specific questions about what he was ok with and what he wasn’t.  He’d blushed down to his toes, but answered them all.  So, this was no surprise. He knew he could expect much more later.  Later.  Later, when this guy was doing a lot more than putting his hand on Steve’s dick through his suit.  And Steve had said yes to this.  Eagerly.  Best not to forget that.  He’d signed up for this, whatever it was. The guy stepped out of the limo, and Steve was left to wonder if he was meant to follow.  The guy bent back down to peer into the limo at Steve.  “Well?  Come on.  We only have to put in an appearance.  But, I paid for the whole evening, so…let’s go, hot stuff!  Want to get my money’s worth,” he said, the smile that didn’t meet his eyes back on his face, leaving Steve to wonder what he considered getting his money’s worth. “Sorry,” Steve said nervously.  “I wasn’t sure if…I mean, if you wanted…” he stammered, waving his hand vaguely toward the limo door in a motion that he hoped said, I wasn’t sure if you wanted your hooker to join  you at the…benefit gala…for the evening or just wait in the car like a good boy.  It must have communicated just fine because the guy was laughing his odd little laugh.“Are you kidding, gorgeous?  Wait ‘til they get a look at you!  I’ll be the envy of every idiot schmoozer in there.   Come on,” his client replied, two-stepping to the side to give Steve room to exit the limo.  As he did, he was aware of a line of paparazzi and other people, most of whom were paying him little actual attention, but the sudden influx of attention jarred him.  He hadn’t been expecting that and found himself staring stupidly around, unsure what to do but follow the guy into the venue.  His client was looking around, eyes perked up, scanning the crowd for something, but apparently not finding it by the frown that filled his features. “They obviously don’t know real power when they see it, the idiots,” the guy said, waving Steve a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Steve Feels
Porn with Feelings
Mildly Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Jealous Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Getting Together
Age Difference
Protective Tony Stark
Rimming
Tony Stark Feels
Bottom Tony Stark
Angst
Tony Stark Angst
Hammer is a douche
hookerfic
hooker steve
Prostitution
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Pretty Woman Fusion
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
Sugar Daddy
Alternate Universe - Movie Fusion
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

