Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Midtown School of Science and Technology  Student Activities  Field Trip Permission Slip Form 
 Dear Parent and/or Guardian, your child is going on a field trip to Stark Industries. Please read the information on the next sheet of this form and then sign and return this slip by 
 
Peter Benjamin Parker can easily lift ten tons. 
 

 (That’s 20,000 pounds for anyone keeping score at home.) 

 
Peter Benjamin Parker can lift twenty tons with a little more difficulty. He picked up a city bus, recently, during a mission and those things are heavy. 
 

 (Anywhere from 25,000 to 40,000 pounds for anyone keeping score at home.)  

 
He once strained to keep a boat from falling apart, holding it together with nothing but his web fluid and his force of will. 
 

 (He’d failed. Again, for those keeping score at home. He’d missed the mark, but Mr. Stark saved the day and after some wacky hijinks featuring a guy with metal wings who happened to be the father of his date and a building falling on him, forcing him to really do-or-die, he’d found out just how strong he was and just how much he hates small, dark spaces. It was a redemption arch for the ages, with a story that would make a really great movie.)  

 
But, somehow, the hardest thing that he’s ever had to do was lift the stack of fluorescent yellow papers that had been set down on his desk by Mr. Harrison, in the infamous “take one and pass it down” fashion. His hands shook as he took in the words printed in bold at the very top of the sheet, echoing what Mr. Harrison was saying to everyone else in the class. Peter had stopped reading after “return the permission slip” and had started staring ahead with an expression of abject horror. 
 
“Listen, I know it’s been a long day and you can’t wait to get out here but if I could just have your attention for a few more minutes… okay, I’ll wait.” 
 
Mr. Harrison leaned back against his desk and stared out at the class until the side-conversations and whispered jokes slowly trailed off. And Peter jumped when Michelle kicked the back of his chair, sending tingling vibrations through the metal desk and along his spine, giving him the very WEIRD impulse to turn and see and attack whatever got caught in his things. Spider things: not all of them are cool. 
 
“Are you going to share those?” Michelle asks, when he turns to look at her. 
 
Oh. Right. He’s not doing the passing back part of taking. He turns a little red and turns back to the stack of papers that were currently taunting him, delicately pushing one of them onto his desk and handing the rest back to Michelle, who only graced him with a delicate eyebrow raise before taking one for herself and handing the rest back. 
 
“Great. Now,” Mr. Harrison says, as everyone’s stopped talking. “This has been under wraps for a while because the School Board didn’t want to give you false hope. BUT. After some serious dedication and numerous emails, as well as a generous donation from the Thompson family -” 
 
Peter’s gaze darted over to where Flash was seated, impulsively, just in time to see a self-satisfied smirk on his face. 
 
“- I’m thrilled to announce that this Friday, we will be taking a field trip to Stark Industries as a reward for having the highest test scores in the state.” 
 
Somehow, even after seeing “Stark Industries” printed in bold on the form in front of him, it still feels a punch in the gut to hear it said out loud and Peter shrinks down in his seat, trying to go without being noticed as the conversations jump back up to full volume, questions being shouted out all at once. 
 
“Stark Industries? Are you serious?” 
 
“THE Stark Industries, right? Not the model on in Vegas?” 
 
“I’d go to Vegas! We should go there instead!” 
 
“Doesn’t that place get attacked like every week?” 
 
“Vegas?” 
 
“No, you stupid idiot. I meant Stark Industries.” 
 
“Do we have to pack our own lunches?” 
 
“My parents are out of town until next week! Can I have my brother sign this?” 
 
“Is Parker going to be giving us the tour?” 
 
That last question was the one he’d been dreading. Dreading so much that he would have tossed his hat into the ring for a Vegas field trip. At least Nevada had less of a chance of embarrassing him than walking around SI would. And he doesn’t even have to look over to know that Flash was the one who’d shouted that out, he can feel the superior glare burning into the back of his skull. 
 
Luckily, Mr. Harrison ignores that question. Just like he ignores most of Flash’s taunting of Peter. 
 
“Guys, guys! All the information is written on the paper. Read it over with your parents, guardians, or older brother who’s temporarily in charge of you and bring it back by Wednesday. No, I will not be accepting any of these a day later. The people at Stark Industries need to know who’s coming and they were very clear about not accepting any last minute additions. You got that? By Wednesday.” 
 
Well, there’s at least one genius idea for gett
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Field Trip
Humor
Fluff and Angst
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tropes
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Ignoring all of the drama and enjoying our found family stuff
Not compliant with anything that happened after Homecoming
this is really self-indulgent

fandom: 
None
