Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  It’s not that Steve’s alpha was cruel, it’s just that he didn’t really consider Steve his own person. And why would he? Steve was downright 

tiny 

in comparison to his tall, muscled alpha. He was practically the poster-child for what a male omega was supposed to look like: small all around, with a little dick and pink lips. Even before he met Bucky, his scent was strong. Then they met, and Bucky learned that Steve’s scent was practically stupor-inducing when aroused. It then became his mission to keep Steve in a constant state of arousal— without of course, letting him get too comfortable. Where was the fun in that?

  Steve woke up early, straining to try and check the alarm clock on the side table. He couldn’t stretch enough to see it, however; not with Bucky’s thick knot up his ass. In general, Bucky’s knot lasted an average amount of time, but when he fell asleep with it in, it could stay puffed up enough to keep Steve there all night, just how he liked it. Steve tried again to see the clock, but it was placed just out of his vision. 

  There was a quiet laugh, and Steve groaned, flopping back down. Bucky was grinning sleepily, his eyes half-lidded. “You lookin’ for something, doll?”

  Steve huffed, crossing his arms in front of him. “The alarm clock. I just wanna know what time it is.”

  Bucky leaned back, checking the clock without any problem. “It’s a quarter to eight. You happy now?”

  “Maybe,” Steve teased, pecking him with a kiss. 

  

  They stayed there for a few more minutes, just lazing about, before Bucky reached over to the nightstand, grabbing the device from atop it. Steve groaned, trying to duck his head, but Bucky caught him easily, squeezing his cheeks until he stuck his tongue out. Bucky then carefully positioned the gag in place. This one was a specially designed one, just for Steve— it was an open mouth gag that clamped down on his tongue, making it so Steve couldn’t pull his tongue back, nor could he close his mouth. Any talk he attempted wouldn’t be muffled, but marbled belong recognition, which was worse. Steve thought it was humiliating, but Bucky liked to look at it, liked to tease Steve. “Look at you, my little lizard.”

  Steve whined, and Bucky laughed loudly. Then he hauled himself out of bed, Steve still attached to his knot, and carefully lowered Steve until he was hanging 

just by 

his knot, his ankles in line with his shoulders. Bucky liked taking advantage of Steve’s flexibility, and ever since he’d learned that Steve could hang just on his knot, it’d been one of his favorite morning activities. After all, what better way to start the day then having your omega keep you warm as he got ready? 

  For Steve, it was a drastically different experience. Unlike Bucky, who was content and sated after coming the night before, and keeping his cock deep in his omega for the hours following, Steve was still horny. He hadn’t come the night before— Bucky hadn’t allowed it— so the night spent filled to the brim was agonizing. Now it was even worse, as with ever step Bucky took, he was rubbing against Steve’s prostate. Even without the prostate stimulation, Steve’s hole was stretched wide, his passage forced to confirm around the cock, milking it like it knew how much Steve wanted to come. 

  Steve swayed lightly as Bucky walked. First into the bathroom, with its tile floor Steve was oh-too-acquainted with. Here, Bucky bound Steve’s arms together, just to ensure that they were out of the way. He then brushed his teeth, letting Steve thump lightly against the cabinets. 

  Next came the shower. Bucky hadn't warning Steve about it the first time he did tis his, and he didn’t warn him this time, just stepped in and turned the water on to full blast. 

  Steve gasped, feeling the burning water soak down his back, dripping over his hair. A few stray drops dipped into his open mouth, making him moan in complaint.

  Bucky grabbed Steve by the shoulder and hauled him up, his knot still firmly in Steve’s ass. Steve’s legs pressed against Bucky’s, as Bucky held onto his shoulder with one hand, keeping him mostly upright as he used the other to wash his hair. When he was done, he carefully lowered Steve so he could go back to dangling. 

  By this point, Steve’s constant arousal had started to fade, being replaced by the desire to 

piss. 

He tried to hold out, squeezing around Bucky’s cock and clenching his muscles, but when Bucky pressed a firm hand to Steve’s stomach, he just couldn’t help himself: he pissed. He pissed, crying as the warm, scented liquid streamed down his body, some of it falling into his open mouth. 

  “Aww, just couldn’t wait, could you?” Bucky teased, finger toying with Steve’s stretched out rim. “Needy little omega.”

  He went back to washing his hair, leaving Steve to hang, the taste of his own piss still sharp and bitter in his mouth.

  A few more minutes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Dom Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sub Steve Rogers
BDSM
Bondage
Heavy BDSM
Knotting
Rough Sex
Omorashi
Gags
Anal Gaping
Size Difference
Size Kink
Shower Sex
Dehumanization
Humiliation
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Consensual Kink
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Knot-hanging

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

