Work Text:
“Fucking finally! I swear to god, one more day and I would've sat on your dick at a debrief.”Steve's sighed, half-amused and half-exasperated. Tony ignored it, climbing into Steve's gloriously naked lap. He couldn't suppress the noise of pure want as he grabbed Steve's dick and lined up, enjoying the way Steve's eyes widened.“Tony, wai– What about the condo–“Tony slid down in one push, groaning at the stretch. It was just as good as he'd imagined. “Oh fuck yeah...”Steve made a choked noise, hands moving up to Tony's shoulders and holding tight. Tony smirked at the slight tremble he could feel in them.“Good?”Steve nodded wordlessly and Tony had to just take a moment to look at him, lying under him with that body and a completely unguarded expression, looking up at Tony like he was a revelation.Fuck, he could get addicted to this.The two month wait as they went on date after date had been more than worth it. Not that he hadn't enjoyed that thoroughly on its own, Steve was hilarious and such a brat under that All-American exterior that he constantly kept Tony on his toes. But it had been a long time since Tony wanted anything as much as he wanted Steve Rogers in his bed.He lifted up just enough to feel the sweet drag of Steve inside him, sighing at the stretch. Before he could really get into it Steve grabbed his hips tight enough to leave bruises.“Wait,” Steve gasped and Tony paused, giving him a quizzical look.“What? Change your mind?”Steve bit his lip nervously and Tony sighed, softening his features and stroking a hand over Steve's shoulders.“Sorry. What's the matter?”“I should –“ Steve cut himself off, looking a little frustrated and a lot anxious which – yeah, that was a bit disconcerting. “I need to tell you something.”“And it can't wait until after...” Tony squeezed down and Steve's hands spasmed on his hips. “Fuck, you feel really good.”“Tony,” Steve moaned weakly and Tony couldn't not take advantage of that.He started slow, getting used to the length of Steve inside him as he tried to find a good rhythm – it had been a while – but as soon as Steve got with the program he picked up speed until he was all but bouncing on Steve's dick. At some point Steve started helping to lift him and Tony gratefully slumped into his hold, moaning unashamedly at the pace Steve set.“Tony,” Steve groaned and oh shit, he was pounding into him harder and harder and Tony could only hang on, feeling used in the most delicious way, his toes curling with the pleasure –“Oh!” he keened when Steve shifted his hips and his next thrust had just the right angle – “Oh fuck, Steve, there, please –“He was pretty sure he would come like this but before he could Steve abruptly stopped, holding Tony down on his dick with an iron grip. Tony lowered his head to glare at him though his panting kind of ruined the effect.“What the hell, Steve?”“I'm –“ Steve said and Tony shifted, clenching down on Steve's dick in a way that made him groan. “Wait,” Steve gasped, gritting his teeth to stop from grinding up into Tony. “I really – I should tell you, the serum –“ “The serum?” Tony asked curiously, stopping his teasing in favor of science. “What about it?”“It... it changed...” Steve swallowed heavily before he bit the bullet. “I don't... come the same way I did before.”Tony tilted his head. “How? Is it dangerous? I thought we didn't need a condom –““No!” Steve cut him off loudly, flushing at his outburst. “It's not... well, it's not bad, per se –““Then why'd you stop?” Tony asked, a bit of annoyance slipping into his tone. “Come on, I don't care if your come is gaseous or solid or – or fucking purple, can we please –““It's not that!” Steve protested but Tony squirmed on top of Steve, grinning in triumph when Steve's hips instinctively kicked up.“I don't care, seriously, just fuck me already –““No, you don't understand!” Steve said, frantic now. “You have to – unf!”Tony clenched down harder, grinning mischievously. “You were sayi–” He choked on his quip when Steve suddenly lifted him right off his dick with a rough tug. Tony grimaced at the sudden emptiness. “Ow, what the –“Steve groaned and all of a sudden Tony could feel wet warmth where Steve was rutting up against one of Tony's thighs, dripping down like – wow, holy shit, that was a lot –Steve clutched Tony tighter against him, his entire body convulsing as he gasped for breath, and he was still not done, he was –“Um, Steve?” Tony asked hesitantly when Steve was still jerking against him ten seconds later, squeezing Tony's hips with enough force that it was starting to hurt. “Are you –“Steve cut him off with another stuttering groan and Tony startled when he realized that warm liquid was pooling around his shins now even though Steve was holding him off the bed.“Um...” he said, completely baffled when he lifted his head to look at Steve and Steve was – “Wait, are you still coming?”Steve's hands spasmed on Tony's hips and he grunted, rutting forward a few more times before he seemed to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Come Inflation
Anal Sex
First Time
No Refractory Period
Super Soldier Serum
Kink Discovery
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Multiple Orgasms
Kinktober
Kinktober 2019

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

