Chapter 1: 1-1
    


Summary:

In which you meet a stranger.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

July 21
 The first time the small handsome black cat showed up, you immediately jumped down from your leafy perch, flapping your wings to flow your fall off the Elm to stop right in front of the kitten. The cats pupils turned to slits and he backed up quickly, hissing loudly. You quickly smooth back your hair to attempt to hide your horns (they’re way too tall to be ignored without an illusion, curving outwards and then back towards inwards again… they’re about as tall as your face and the colour of a rams). Your wings, the wings of a dark fae (in particular, a tawny brown with gold flecks, a large claw on the apex of each wing), flap once before settling on your back. You sit in the grass of the park, with the East River flowing behind you and the looming bridge above. It’s a beautiful park, one of the better places you’ve squatted in after coming out of foster care with little to nothing. There were bathrooms and lots of leftovers, and the trees had given you help to make a little alcove where you could sleep. You hold a hand out to the kitten, who looks at you in apprehension and fear, and coo to him, “It’s okay, you needn’t be afraid of me. I won’t hurt you  minou .” The kittens apprehension slowly fades, and he slowly approaches you. You extend a hand to him, and watch as he investigates it. His eyes are wide and a vibrant green. The kitten huffs his approval and turns up his nose at you. You bring your hand back to your mouth to try and hide your laugh. He mews, but it sounds more like a scoff. “I’m only teasing  chaton !” The French rolls off your tongue easily, the language being a remnant of a particularly French roommate you had in a foster home a while back. You stretch out your wings behind you, and they extend wide enough to cast a large shadow over the kitten. He hisses at them and backs up, his fur standing on end. You quickly pull them back to rest against your back.“Sorry, sorry! They’re just a little sore…” The kitten turns to leave and you reach out to him. “Please! I’ve got no one to talk to, please, stay a bit longer chaton.” His wide green eyes turn back to you for a moment and then he meows, a half baked promise, and leaves. Your heart falls.“Well, that’s okay I guess. I’m sure you have better things to do. An owner probably,” you laugh a small bitter laugh to yourself, “why would you stay with a dark fae? Why would anyone?” 


August 26th
 
The kitten showed up again, much to your surprise. You were just sitting on the branch of a tree, munching on a bag of chips like one does when a certain black cat crossed your path. 

“Well hello down there! Nice to see you again chaton!” His tail swishes behind him as he investigates you. You’re wearing the average hoodie (with slits in the back so your wings can pop out... hard to get in there but totally worth it) and leggings, nothing special. 

“Mrrow.” He says, sounding very bored. Making quick work of the chips, you glide down to the kittens level. He lets out a little huff at your arrival. 

“What, not happy to see me?” 

“Mew.”

“Hmm. Why’d you come back then?” You’ve got him there. The kitten looks at you with an open expression that can only be described as “I dunno”. You chuckle a little bit at the very humanlike cat. 

“Hmm. Would you like to take a walk with me down by the waters edge?” This takes him by surprise. 

“Meow?”

“The sun should be setting soon. It’s quite beautiful to watch. I think you’d like it, minou. I get the feeling you have a penchant for beautiful things.” You start to walk, and to your delight, the kitten follows. You’ve piqued his curiosity and are excited that he didn’t run from you. 

As you walk together, you make sure to keep your wings tucked and not to touch him. We’re not there yet. He’ll come around though. 

You have the utmost confidence in this budding friendship. If he’d come back once, what stops it from happening again?

The sunset proves to be quite lovely, whirls of colour mingling with the wisps of clouds. You settle on a park bench, and allow enough space for the cat to sit next to you. He stares at you intently. 

“Mrow.” Thank you for showing me this, he seems to say. 

“Anytime, mon minou.” You rest your head on the bench, and let the sounds of the river lapping at the side of the stone barrier lull you into a comfortable slumber. You hear the sound of the cat jumping off the bench next to you, soft sweet words, and then nothing as you sleep deeply. 

He must think I’m so dull… 

 
September 17th
 
The kitten prances back into your corner of the park later soon after. You were playing in the grass when you hear his meows. 

“Chaton?” He locates you and and meows loudly. 

You perk up immediately. “You c-came back!” He mews as if to say ‘of course I did’. You throw your head back to laugh. You meet his eyes and whisper, “Thank you.” 

What a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Loads of characters
slow
Slow Burn
Fluff
reader is fae
Homelessness
New York City
Post-Avengers (2012)
Dancing
Lokitty
Powered
Angst
Lots of Angst
Fun times with the Avengers
Long
Eventual Smut
Training
Loki is a flirt
Sweet
Reader-Insert
Avenger Reader (Marvel)
Did i mention Lokitty?
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Wordcount: Over 100.000
Original Character(s)
this will have some dark bits
follows MCU storyline but with some changes
I think I missed some characters but whatever
Sexual Content
I will add more tags as we go along... don’t want to spoil anything
Love Confessions
Friendship/Love
Little amount of y/n
im avoiding it
ALSO THE READER IS FAE
A reminder
cat!Loki
Asgardian Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Female Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Soft Loki
Loki-Love
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Angry Odin (Marvel)
Asgard (Marvel)
Asgardian Culture (Marvel)
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
canonish

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

