Work Text:
Howard Stark was born with a man's name etched into his skin. It's a bold, sloppy cursive, more a scrawl than a proper signature, but it is undeniably a man's name on the inside of his right ankle.His mother wraps him in a blanket and promises the midwife she'll be well repaid for her discretion.His father never sees it. Reginald Stark is a businessman, not a family man, and he is more interested in the hunting dogs and the stock market than he is in either his wife or a messy child. It is easy for his wife to lie to him, to tell him that their oldest child was born without a match.It is harder to hide it from the nannies, but his mother feigns motherly instinct quite adeptly. Howard is her first born after all - she cannot stand to leave him in the care of virtual strangers! She coddles him, keeps him constantly at her side."You musn't pretend," she tells him sternly. It is one of the first things he ever remembers her saying to him. For the first few years of his life, it is the thing she says the most often. "You don't have a soulmate. It's just the way it is. Don't pretend otherwise."If anyone notices that her mothering instinct takes a sharp decline when his brothers are born and promptly surrendered to the nannies, no one says anything about it.The name on his ankle is constantly covered. Howard does not go to the beach. He does not go wading in the creek. It probably wouldn't have been allowed anyway. His studies are paramount and he has a great deal of work to do if he is to follow in his father's footsteps.Howard grows up hating the name on his skin, hating the future it threatens him with, hating what it says about him. He is not the soulmate to any man, and he'd sooner spend his life alone.****When he is twenty, he has the name removed.It isn't easy, or inexpensive. Most surgeons would refuse to desecrate a soulbond, even one as degenerate as his is destined to be. But anything can be had, for a price, and Howard Stark is willing to pay. If he has to go halfway across the country to have it carved off his leg, then so be it.Howard is not the first man to be displeased by the name he finds on his skin. He won't be the last. And while society plays at respecting the sanctity of the soulbond, some things are too degenerate, too disgusting to accept. Men born with men's names are one of those things. Being born with multiple names. Having a new name come to you while your first soulmate still lives. And of course there is the constant shame of finding out  your soulmate is not amongst your peers. No, Howard is not the first. The surgeon who cuts the blasphemous name out of his skin is skilled and obviously practiced. He accepts his payment in advance and takes Howard to a surgical room behind a hidden wall in his basement. Howard throws back a snifter of brandy and does not watch while the surgeon carefully carves away a jagged strip of skin; far more than is needed. “It will look like an accident this way,” the surgeon's assistant had explained. When Howard returns home that summer he explains the bandages away as the result of an automobile accident. No one thinks anything of it, though his mother closes her eyes briefly and fans herself.The money was well-spent and the surgeon never heard from again.As far as Howard is concerned, it never happened. He was, after all, born without a soulmate.****The war is immensely profitable, and Howard does not resent the time he spends away from his company. The weapons he is designing will fund his bankroll for a generation to come – longer if his lawyers are smart about the contracts, which they had damned well better be. And this project he has been working on, Project Rebirth, the super soldier initiative, is fascinating. Erskine is, if not an actual genius, then frustratingly intelligent and Howard is determined to have the truth of his so-called serum before this is out. The potential for profit is astonishing. They could redefine modern warfare. They could end war entirely if they could produce a better breed of soldier. Captain Phillips has not yet agreed to confiscate Erskine's research, but if the human testing goes well that will change.And then Howard finds him. Steve.His soulmate is a soldier. A poor, uneducated soldier with no family or breeding to speak of.And then there are the names. There are two, which is disgrace heaped upon disgrace. One is a jagged black print on his soulmate's left shoulder. One is delicate cursive script at the small of his back. Neither of them is Howard's. He stands there as they take his... this weak man, this unaccomplished man that Howard had honestly never wanted to meet to the chamber for the experiment to begin. He's struck dumb, suddenly. Later he will blame it on anticipation of the project beginning.Peggy does not seem to have the same problem. Her name is written on Steve's back for everyone to see, but the man's name on Steve's shoulder doesn't cause her to so much as bat an eye. Erskine and Philli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Threesome - M/M/M
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Unrequited Howard/Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

