Work Text:
It took weeks, months, for Bucky to grow and be comfortable with himself and his new-found sexuality. It took him time to acknowledge and accept these desires and pieces of himself and if Steve wasn’t there to guide him and help him discover his sexuality it would not have been possible. Being older and more experienced, Steve soaked in the unspoken responsibility to help Bucky with this task, to help him learn how himself and sex coexisted. Even though it hasn’t been said outright, Bucky knows that Steve is arguably obsessed with being the one to introduce positions, acts, toys, etc. to him, to be the guide on this quest for sexual delights and discoveries.Bucky has learned many things in the past nearly-year with Steve, the first being how completely boring and vanilla his sex life had been, him being under the impression that he was living his best sex life. He had indeed not been living his best sex life. Steve has helped Bucky learn that he is more submissive in bed and in life. He likes someone else in control, likes to be good and complete tasks for Steve, likes to be used for Steve’s pleasure.He likes Steve holding him down, hand on his neck or body caging him in, as he fucks him. He likes being told when to come or when to not come, the build and the thrill addictive. He loves calling Steve Daddy, had this burning desire to ever since Steve had whispered in his ear, “Pretty boys like you always want to call someone like me ‘Daddy’,” on their third date. The dominance and the term and their balance came naturally with their age gap and was something they flourished in.He has taught Bucky that he loves giving head, loves having Steve’s thick cock in his mouth, bobbing his head and pursing his lips and flicking his tongue. He loves the feeling of it filling up his mouth and throat, the feeling of spit collecting in the corners of his lips, dripping down his chin. He adores the feeling of Steve’s hands on his head, in his hair, guiding him, his voice thrumming against his ear, low and deep and praising.Praise. Bucky loves praise, can almost come without touching himself from praise alone. Steve likes to call him kitten because of his immediate reaction to praise. He loves when Steve tells him he’s good and sweet, that he’s making Steve feel so good, that Steve loves him and that he’s so lucky to have Bucky, such a good boy like him in his life. It makes Bucky’s body buzz and his head float.Almost moreso than praise Bucky likes to be shamed. This is something that came about naturally and is something that he is still working to come to terms with. The first time Steve pushed a thick finger inside of Bucky against his even thicker cock while fucking him from behind, he damn near collapsed into the bed on shaky limbs with a hoarse whine. “Oh, honey you love bein’ stuffed to the brim, don’t you? Love havin’ your little hole stretched around whatever it can get, huh? So greedy. Say it; tell Daddy you’re a greedy boy with a greedy little cunt, Buck,” he had whispered harshly into the skin of Bucky’s cheek, plastered across the damp skin of his back, fucking into his body with abandon. Bucky had come, erupted in a hot mess, humping the bed and sobbing at the treatment. Steve had been delighted.There were other things that Bucky learned he enjoyed because of Steve. He loved being bent in half and held close when having sex with Steve. He loved having a plug in his ass, especially one that could vibrate thanks to a remote that Steve could hold. He loved having sex in public: restrooms, elevators, alleys, cars. He loved wearing pretty underwear, women’s underwear, a spicy little secret shared with Daddy. He loved feeling Steve’s head between his thighs as he ate Bucky out, moaning and writhing on Steve’s tongue. He loved when Steve made him come three, four, five, times in a day, the older gruffly commenting on how sensitive he was, Bucky pushing at his hands and begging for Steve to halt. He learned how important safe words (Winter) and the traffic light system were.There were many things they had tried and explored together but there was one thing they hadn’t and it was the most basic of them all—Bucky on top.It was something Bucky hadn’t given much thought, both men seemingly more than okay with Steve on top, fucking him and topping him every which way he wanted. He would sit in Steve’s lap atop a pair of powerful thighs when they found themselves passionately making out on the couch, hips rolling and hands grabbing, letting out breathy sighs. It wasn’t anything that made Bucky want to ride Steve, to be the one in control.That’s exactly where he found himself tonight though. After making their way through a board full of an array of cheeses, meats, nuts, and olives and nearly two bottles of red wine, Bucky was all warm and soft. He was alarmingly a lightweight considering his size and the dark wine was settling so nicely into his tummy. It didn’t help that Steve insisted on hand feeding him, his la
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Daddy Kink
Sexual Inexperience
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Dom/sub Undertones
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Size Kink
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Riding
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Age Difference
Face Slapping
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual exploration
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Praise Kink
Feminization

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

