Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s easy to pretend. To slip back into your mind and away from the conscious world of dust and sand and caustic desert sun. Away from the man who sits behind and above you on a throne covered in plush velvet and embedded with large pieces of colored glass. Who touches at his rings boredly as the sun slowly walks itself across the cloudless sky, toying with a leather rope in his other hand. Gripping and regripping the material in his palm as if it doesn’t tug where it’s attached to a collar around your throat with every squeeze. 
You draw further back into your mind, shrouding yourself with the comfort of fantasy, and let the tugging of your leash rock your body softly back and forth, almost imperceptibly, with every grip of his hand. The braided leather around your neck is emblematic of the whole operation in this village. Flashy, all for show, and mostly bullshit. It’s not necessary to chain you to the man seated above you, King Jakkor. This station is the only source of water and shade for a weeks walk in any direction, so it’s not as if you have anywhere to run to. It does keep you in proximity to Jakkor, you suppose. If you had your freedom around the station you would certainly not spend it curled up on a settee next to and below the man who tugged absentmindedly at the leather rope attached to your collar. King Jakkor. Your eyes roll in your skull at the thought, even as your gaze trains somewhere on the far horizon, far away from your body and the soft satin under your thighs. He’s no king, not as his self-appointed title would have you believe. No, he’s the leader of a modest village that happened to strike gold when they found an oasis to settle on in the depths of the desert. His throne room is a tent with high vaulted ceilings and sides that are rolled up to let in a hot breeze and to allow Jakkor to survey his kingdom. Kingdom. You swallow down a scoff at the thought when the line connected to the leather cuff around your neck tightens in warning. Men are stationed on either side of the altar on which King Jakkor’s throne sits, elevated above all. The men fan Jakkor, and you incidentally, with dark green palm fronds, stirring the air and providing the faintest cool to the air as you sit and sweat in the afternoon heat. He’s dressed you well, you admit. Dropping your hands to your lap and touching distantly at the smooth material of the dress that’s draped over your thighs. Purchased from a merchant at a distant market, no doubt. The color of a bright gemstone, and a ridiculous choice for this climate. Showing every speck of dust that it touches and every ounce of sweat you produce. It wrinkles, too, so when you wear it you are forbidden from moving from the settee. All for appearances. All for no one, really, besides the ego of King Jakkor. You swallow and find your throat dry, your mind coming back into sharp focus at the strong, familiar ache of thirst. Your steele yourself and turn, looking back to face Jakkor, who is slouched on his throne. Sweat beading along his hairline as he twists his rings on his fingers and stares into the center square of the village, watching the people bustle to and fro, paying their leader no mind as they go about the day’s chores. Your take care to neutralize your face when his gaze comes to yours, feeling the line around your throat tighten reflexively as you turn in place to face him. His eyes fall to yours, and you can’t help the twist of loathing that flares in your gut at the absolute disdain his expression levels at you. You raise your eyebrows to him gently, pleadingly. Not needing to ask out loud, for you only ever ask him for one thing. Water. Water is plentiful in the village, thanks to a deep and blessed well in the village center, but you would never know it. Jakkor gains some enjoyment you don’t understand from restricting your access to it. Water is as scarce of a resource to you here in the village as it would be in the middle of the desert, his tight, controlling rationing of your supply leaving you perpetually light headed and aching, even as you glance out into the center square and see people dumping buckets of it over their livestock to cool them. Even as Jakkor himself drinks to excess, letting it spill around his lips and down his neck as you watch, your mouth dry and full of dust, as you swallow thickly. You seem to have caught him in a charitable mood, for he sees your raised brows, your quiet pleading, and acquiesces. Sitting up in his throne and reaching to the pitcher he keeps next to the throne, tucked back in the shade. He gestures for you with his free hand, tugging on the rope for good measure, and you lean towards him over the back of the settee. Tilting your chin up obediently for him, even as your insides simmer with indignity, as he presses the edge of the pitcher to your lips and tips. He pours for a moment and you sigh unconsciously as you drink, relief flooding you at your first taste since waking 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Thor/Reader

freeform: 
Past Sexual Abuse
Violence
Slavery
Dissociation
Vague Dothraki Concepts
Breeding Kink
Discussions of pregnancy and infertility
animal birth
Semi-Public Sex

fandom: 
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Thor/Reader

