Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Title: Exact SpecificationsPairing: Bucky Barnes/Steve RogersWord Count: 1645Rating: 18+Warnings: post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier, fingering, toy usage, bottom!Steve, frot, use of endearmentsSpoilers: NoneDisclaimer: I don't own any of these characters or their universe.Summary: Bucky finds Steve's toy and asks to watch Steve use it on himself
"Hey, Steve, head's up!"Steve looks up just in time to catch the projectile, barely preventing it from whacking him in the side of the head. "Bucky, knock it off," he groans, glancing at the object in his hands, breathing catching."My thoughts exactly, pal," says Bucky, lurching over the back of the couch and dropping down next to Steve. "I was reorganizing the sock drawer--'cuz seriously, Stevie, you wear the same ones all the time even though we've got plenty of 'em--and I was mighty surprised to find your buddy there." He dips his chin toward the realistic dildo in Steve's hand, sure Steve doesn't know he's even moving his fist in slow, little tugs."I-I don't use it anymore, Buck. It was," Steve swallows and looks at Bucky, keeping Bucky's gaze as he says, "it was after I came off the ice. I uh, I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, but I was lonely. Never alone what with Shield and the initiative, but Jesus. Everyone wanted Captain America. The idea of putting myself out there and dating damn near terrified me, but Nat told me about, well, modern ingenuity with self-love and...""You found yourself a nice fake cock to play with," says Bucky, smirking and curling his fingers around Steve's wrist, stilling Steve's strokes.Steve chuckles. "You would not believe how many adult stores there are in New York. I went to four of 'em before I found a toy I was satisfied with.""Jesus, Steve," laughs Bucky, "I'm surprised your mug wasn't plastered on the front page of every paper across the country. You realize they've got websites for these kinds of things, right?"Steve shrugs. "I wouldn't have cared if anybody snapped a picture. What business is it of theirs where I'm spending my money? And I definitely preferred seeing my options in person.""Four stores?" asks Bucky, still shocked it took Steve that many sex shops to find the simple peach flesh colored dong in his lap.Steve flushes, small smile curling his lips. "I might have had very particular specifications."Bucky's sure he knows exactly what Steve's specifications were, but he says simply, "Oh?""You ass. This's the only one I found that was the most like you, alright?""I just wanted to hear you say it, baby doll," he teases, rubbing his thumb over Steve's wrist, pleased by the slight increase of Steve's pulse. Bucky continues swiping his thumb over the thin skin of Steve's wrist, blue of his veins obvious beneath the pale skin. Steve hums, this small sound that makes him smirk as he asks, "So why don't you use it anymore?"Steve snorts and shifts his palm, winding his and Bucky's fingers together. "You're around; if I want that kind of attention I can usually count on you for it, jerk.""Sure looked awful lonely in that drawer, Stevie," says Bucky, squeezing Steve's hand and tipping Steve's chin up with his metal one."Yeah?" asks Steve, swallowing and glancing at the rubber dick in his lap.Teasing Steve's bottom lip, Bucky says, "Maybe you should give it a go. Would you like that?" Steve's lips part and he slips his thumb into Steve's mouth. "Open you up with my fingers and watch you fuck yourself with this fake prick.""Buck.""You'll have the real thing just inches away, but I won't fuck you. Won't slip inside and ride you hard like you love. You'll have to get yourself off like you used to, work your rubber buddy here in and out of your hole and jack off 'til you come.""Fuck, Bucky," groans Steve, knuckles cracking with the fierce squeeze of his hand around Bucky's. "Let's go, I--" another groan escapes him and he leans forward, biting Bucky's bottom lip before pulling him up off the couch."You got it, baby," laughs Bucky, letting Steve lead them to their bedroom. Steve's quick in his attempt to get them out of their clothes, but he slows them down. Catches Steve's hand, chucking the dildo on the bed before settling Steve's hands at Steve's sides. He grins, starting at the bottom button of Steve's flannel shirt and working his way to the top. Steve's breathing is quick as he pushes the shirt off of Steve's broad shoulders. "I know there's no chance of an asthma attack now, Stevie, but you still gotta breathe, y'know?" he says, quirking a brow and smiling when Steve sucks in a slow breath, pink lips shaping an 'o' on his exhale.Steve gets impatient and pushes down his jeans and underwear, eagerly reaching for Bucky's clothes."I'll take care of me, you get on the bed. Whatever position you best liked to fuck yourself in, alright?""Christ, Bucky," whispers Steve, watching Bucky pull off his t-shirt before getting on his hands and knees on the bed. Seconds later Bucky clambers behind him, feels the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Anal Fingering
Sex Toys
Bottom Steve
Frottage
Endearments
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Voyeurism
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Object Penetration

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

