Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I will not fight your war, my friend.”Erik slid his right arm carefully under Charles’s limp body, down at the knees, moved his left to span Charles’s shoulders instead of just propping his head.  He kept his eyes on his hands and not on Charles’s face.Charles tried anyway—Charles always tried.  “There is nothing to be gained in—“Words broken off by a high-pitched gasp, the slightest gurgle to it in the throat, as Erik stood and lifted him in one clean movement.  Charles hung doll-like in the crooks of Erik’s elbows, head against Erik’s shoulder, white cheeks flushed red, hands moving erratically, stiffly above laboured breath, eyes rolled back disturbingly and then returning, pupils huge.Erik settled the mostly-dead weight of his only and utterly unwilling friend safely against his chest and nodded once more to Azazel.Raven placed a hand where Erik’s hand rested against Charles’ ribs, and Azazel joined hands simply with Riptide, who connected in turn to Angel, who wrapped her hand probably as tightly as she could manage around Erik’s upper arm, and as Moira stumbled forward, apparently recovering some of her fight at sign of action, a slightly unhinged “He needs a doctor,” and then, eyes wild, “Charles I didn’t know, I—I’ll say nothing, your house—the secret’s safe with—" ***It was a dark room, empty prior to their materialisation and thus with lights unlit.Riptide moved away from them, rectifying that part of the situation. It was somewhere Shaw had spent some time, then, Erik noted, enough that his men knew where the lights were.“We’ll be safe here.” Charles’s voice was weak, terribly weak, his face still contorted and flushed and looking worse for being streaked with sweat and sand and tears. The hand closest to Erik’s chest was clenched tight in the front of his suit. Besides the way that pulled the collar of the outfit uncomfortably at the back of Erik’s neck, Charles was disturbingly easy to carry—too light and too fragile and too recognisably injured. Erik had pulled the bullet out himself; he knew where it had been, and he knew what that meant for the way Charles’s lower body was deadweight in his arms.Erik reminded himself that Charles’s mutation was perhaps the most powerful he’d seen and made himself focus on the now. Charles was many things, but not fragile, not in the way that meant vulnerable to death. He nodded once. “The children won’t be if they stay at Westchester, and nor will anyone the humans get to before we do.”“We are human, my friend.”Erik looked caught between disgust and fury for no more than half a second. He scanned the room and walked directly to the nearest soft surface, a long and luxurious chair with gilt at its edges and short-pile velvet upholstery. He released Charles to the cushions carefully but wordlessly, eyes on his task and not on the way Charles’s eyes squeezed shut and his teeth bit into his lips as Erik positioned him on his side and the bullet wound pulled.He left Charles there digging his short nails into the velvet and returned to the others. Charles could not be his top priority. “We need to dispose of those intimate with the CIA project and with this event as quickly as possible. If possible we need also to get back their information on Charles, and any information they have on Shaw’s network. We can only use as much as they don’t know to locate, and I don’t want to have to find somewhere to put those who won’t work with us. If we can take the information from them before they start checking the properties to Charles’s name then we can leave the three boys and any other liabilities we locate at Westchester and avoid giving them any further knowledge of us. Ideally we should also wipe records of other mutants…particularly Sean Cassidy, I don’t need the CIA using family members to blackmail the boys into contacting us. I don’t want our own turned against us. And Raven. Yes, it will be convenient for us if knowledge of her gifts is eliminated to the point that it isn’t taken seriously.”“And Cerebro,” Raven added. “We let them turn on us once. We shouldn’t let them find others.”Erik nodded distractedly. “They don’t have a telepath for now but yes, that too.” He turned to Riptide and Azazel, both clearly waiting for instruction—Angel had slunk away to curl in the corner of another couch, palm pressed to the ragged edge of her wing. “Who knows that Shaw was posthuman?”“It’s not only humans…” Charles croaked from the couch, as though Erik might somehow have overlooked that the man he’d hunted most of his life had turned out to be—one of them. It didn’t matter. He ignored Charles.“No one living,” Riptide smirked.“The White Queen,” Azazel added. “Those in this room. The three I took to New York.”Raven shook her head. “No, the CIA knows—when you attacked us in Virginia, you can’t have killed everyone who saw. And there were cameras everywhere. Besides, Moira knew and I don’t think she’d think that was something she shouldn’t tell them.”“Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

