Work Text:
Charles and Erik are best friends. They've been since freshman year,  when Erik had just moved to the US from Europe and didn't know anyone at  Harvard, but hated them anyway because at the time Erik hated everyone.To  be fair he still hates most people, but he always find it difficult to  hate Charles, even when he's stressed about finals and wakes up Erik at  three in the morning to recite him the names and key traits of  personality disorders until Erik is convinced that he has at least a  dozen of those. Not even when Charles drags him to the bookstore for the  third time in the same week and buys enough books to fill a small  library and Erik is the one who has to actually carry them home. Not  even when they order pizza and Charles spends thirty minutes choosing  what to have and then orders something off the menu and then decides  that Erik's plain mushroom pizza looks much better. And Erik ends up  caving under the puppy eyes and splits his pizza with Charles and ends  up with half a plate of something that is less pizza and more pineapple  and bacon and eggs and eggplant and meatballs and zebra.Charles is very good at the puppy eyes thing. He'll point those ridiculously blue eyes on Erik and stare and pout,  because God help him, Charles is the kind of person who pouts. And Erik  just won't be able to stay mad at him. Like the first time they met,  when Erik was so furious and angry with everyone and everything that he  felt ready to go back to Poland, swimming across the Atlantic if he  needed to, and he didn't feel particularly well-disposed towards posh  psychology students who just happened to have overheard his screaming  match with the Dean and apologized for being too forward but could  maybe offer a solution to Erik's housing problem. To this day, Erik  still doesn't know why he accepted Charles's offer to move in with him.  He's often had the chance to regret his decision (usually at three in  the morning under finals) and at the same time he doesn't know how he  could have survived the past few years without Charles.Sweet,  reliable, old Charles. Erik had tried to warn him. He wasn't the best  roommate, he was moody, not very talkative, Charles had just met him...  All of Erik's protests had been for nothing. Charles had practically  bullied Erik into moving in with him, by being stubborn and polite and  helpful and infuriatingly calm. Erik had felt like screaming that he had  issues, damn it, he wasn't a good person, he'd done some really fucked  up shit. Charles was a good person and didn't deserve to have someone  like Erik in his life. And Charles had just stared at him as if he could  read his mind and he'd said that he'd never met anyone quite like Erik  and he thought they could be great friends.So that's how Erik  and his two suitcases had ended up in the spare room of Charles's flat.  Which really wasn't a flat but some kind of miniature mansion, because  which kind of student lives in a place with three bedrooms, a study, a  dining room, a living room and two bathrooms? The kitchen alone was  larger than some of the places where Erik had lived. Charles had looked  at Erik's suitcases and asked when he was going to get the rest of his  stuff, and Erik had said that was it, and remembered that at the time it  had seemed like a lot of things to take along and maybe he could have  just brought the larger suitcase and left the second one behind. And  most of all Erik worried that Charles was treating him like his pet  charity case, like a stray kitten that he'd brought home because it  looked pitiful and defenseless.Except now Erik knows that  Charles feels that way towards everyone. He's like some kind of masked  hero, out to save the world, except instead of tacky spandex suits he  wears crisp shirts and cardigans and half gloves. And at some point  during their first year together he did bring home a stray kitten. It  was a dark ball of fur, not bigger than Erik's fist, and Charles was  holding it reverently in his arms and cooing over it as if he was the  single most beautiful thing in all of existence.He'd immediately  asked, pleaded even, if they could keep it. And Erik had been so torn  because he didn't like animals, not even ones as sickeningly cute as  this kitten, they were just a nuisance and they got in the way. But it's  not like he could have told Charles what to do in his own home, even  though Charles was asking for his permission, and Erik doesn't even know  why Charles was asking since he was just a freeloader. Whenever he  tried to tell Charles that he would be happy to pay half of the rent,  Charles changed the subject, and Erik had later learned that his family  owned the whole apartment building. Which was infuriating since Erik was  sure he couldn't have afforded to stay in a place half as nice as this,  and Charles didn't even let him pay the electricity bills. Erik had  retaliated by getting Charles a first edition of Christopher Isherwood  that he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Fluff
Kittens
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

