Work Text:
“I don’t like it.”
Peter rolled his eyes. “Dad, you don’t have to like it. I'm joining the Avengers and that’s final. I’ve already filled out my paperwork and everything with SHIELD.”
Dad slouched further in the couch and flashed a quick glare at Peter. “My only son is joining a highly dangerous group of morons because he went and got himself bit by a spider. There is literally nothing about this scenario that I like, I would like to just state that for the record.”
“You’ll get over it,” Uncle Clint called from the kitchen.
“See? Uncle Clint’s got it figured out.” Peter collapsed on the couch and leaned his head on Dad’s shoulder. “Come on, Dad. We talked about this. You know I'm just going to go out either way; I am your son after all. This way I'm part of the team dynamic instead of running solo.”
“You are not helping, oh idiotic son of mine. Who even gets bit by a radioactive spider, anyways? I mean, what the hell?”
“Dad, we’ve talked about this. For, like, months. It wasn’t even my fault—someone at OsCorp left a cage open.”
“I should sue,” Dad grumbled.
“Oh yeah, because you don’t have enough money yet,” Uncle Clint called again. Dad threw his empty mug at his head. Uncle Clint caught it without turning around and placed it in the sink.
Dad wrapped an arm around Peter’s shoulders and sighed. “I just worry about you, kiddo,” he said in a softer voice. “It’s bad enough I'm married to one of these idiots. Imagine having both your husband and kid putting themselves in mortal danger every single fucking day.”
“Aw, Dad,” Peter groaned. “Not the guilt trip.”
“Yes the guilt trip. Feel the guilt, boy. Embrace it. That’s what you’re getting for the rest of your life—or until I die from stress.”
“So, like, five years max,” Uncle Clint cut in.
“You. You are out of the will.”
Uncle Clint shrugged. “As long as Coulson’s still in it I can mooch off him. He can be my baby daddy.”
“There are several reasons why that will never work out, Barton,” Agent spoke up from the hallway. He entered the living room and passed a file to Peter. “You need to finish signing those for the R&D department so they can issue you standard armor and gear.”
“No guns,” Dad spoke up.
“But Dad!”
“No. Guns.”
Peter pouted. “Fine. I’ll stick to the webs.” He turned to grin at Uncle Clint. “Get it? Stick? To the webs?”
“You’re hilarious, kid.” Uncle Clint sat in the armchair and clicked the TV over to the football game.
“I thought it was pretty funny,” Agent whispered to Peter as he passed and scooted into the armchair with Uncle Clint gracefully. Peter grinned.
“I just don’t see why you can’t be a normal high school kid that turns into a normal college kid and goes on to live a normal, nondescript life far, far away from this joke of a family,” Dad muttered.
“His two dads are leaders of a team of superheroes. One of them is from the 1940s. His aunt is a former Russian spy. His uncle turns into the Jolly Green Giant. Should I go on?” Uncle Clint snorted and leaned into Agent’s side. “Face it, Stark. The kid was doomed from the start.”
“Let me dream, damn it,” Dad grouched.
Peter decided to ignore his father’s ramblings and opened the file instead. He grabbed a pen from the table and signed a few of the lines, not bothering to do more than glance at the fine print. The files and paperwork he’d had to sign over the past few weeks could crush mountains, and it was exhausting.
He heard the elevator ding and turned to smile at his other dad. Pop had been supportive of him joining the Avengers team since Peter had announced to them that he’d been bitten by a radioactive spider while on a field trip and oh by the way, he could climb walls and shit. He’d been the first to take Peter’s side on the matter, and hadn’t let up on Dad until he’d agreed to the idea.
His pop was pretty great.
“Steve. Darling. Angel of my life. What can I do to get you on my side over this matter?” Dad leaned his head over the back of the couch and pouted at Pop. “What happened to ‘for better or for worse’?”
Pop smiled and kissed Dad’s forehead. “What happened to ‘Peter is the number one priority’?”
“Yeah, for like nap time and shit. This is… this is… what is this? I can’t even think of an adjective to describe how horrendous this whole idea is.”
“Horrendous was a good one,” Clint supplied.
“Thank you. This is horrendous.”
Pop glanced over Dad’s head and rolled his eyes at Peter. Peter grinned and patted Dad’s knee.
“Cheer up. First day on the job, you’ll forget all about me.”
“You bite your fucking tongue, punk,” Dad glared at him.
Clint grinned and bounced out of the chair. “Wait, this is priceless, hold on, where the hell’s that swear jar?”
--------------------
Peter cocked an eyebrow and rubbed the suit’s fabric between his fingers. “Are you sure this is my suit?” he asked.
The scientist grinned and nodded excitedly. “It’s top of the line fabric, built to withstand almost any weather conditions and to hold in heat for cold temperature situations while also breathable i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superhusbands
Teen Peter
Humor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

