Work Text:

“Gotta be good for us honey if you want a grade boost,” Bucky says, sucking at his neck messily and Tony screws up his face like its too much just for that—and Steve can't imagine loving anyone more. “We don't want to punish you love with detention (Tony sobs just at that--Steve knows how much he love-hates the cock cage), and we gotta be careful if you want both of us in you by the end of the night. You want extra credit, don’tcha?”

Steve slips a packet of lube from his back pocket and starts to slick up his fingers, eager to get back into Tony's soft heat. “You can be good for us,” he croons, tugging Tony's plaid skirt and lingerie farther down his thighs and pushing him further into Bucky's chest. “Can’t you? My fast little learner.”

“I can be good,” Tony pants, and he whimpers softly as Steve slides two fingers into him without any warning. Steve sighs, scissoring his fingers and stretching him wide open to get him ready for Steve’s cock—and Bucky’s. 

He spreads Tony’s sopping hole wide with his thumbs, marveling at how spread he is already, and Tony squirms, blushing perhaps at the alpha who is staring in his most intimate place, somewhere that few other alphas had seen before. The thought makes him growl and heralds another gush of slick out of Tony’s already wet hole, the scent of chocolate filling the air. 

He leans forward to lap at his hole and Tony cries out in surprise, back bowing off the bed, using his free hand to hold Steve's head to his hole desperately and using his other hand to guide Bucky into his mouth. When Tony is relaxed and putty enough around his tongue, he adds a finger and curls it just right, making Tony's body half-bow off the bed in desperation and making him cry out like he’s dying. 

“Our darlin’ omega,” Bucky croons, and Tony shivers full-body, all the way down to his toes. “Doin’ so well, suckin’ me off so well.” Steve looks up long enough to see Bucky sliding without abandon into Tony’s mouth, the omega relegated to lying back and whimpering as Bucky used his mouth to chase his pleasure. 

Tony grinds his ass back into Steve’s face and the alpha groans, Bucky cursing above him as Tony whimpers right along with him and vibrations carrying to his cock. 

Steve pulls back with a satisfied chuff, watching with satisfaction as his omegas hole trembles and flutters at the loss of simulation, and Tony mewls and squirms, desperate for any stimulation. He snarls in warning and Tony goes limp.  Bucky jerks, once, twice, before spilling into Tony’s waiting mouth, and the little omega whines, swallowing down as much as he can, even as cum stains his lips. He licks it away to both alphas’ sigh; Steve doesn’t think he’s seen a better sight than Tony thoroughly debauched and ready for them. 

Steve pulls away, smirking, and runs a soothing hand over Tonys cheat, flicking a puffy nipple and thumbing the head of the omegas cock just to hear his sob. “He’s good isn’t he?” He asks lowly and Bucky groans in approval when Tony shudders again, hiccuping. Steve leans back to lick at Tony’s hole again and Tony sobs, crying out as Bucky joins him in between the omegas thighs to lap at his rim and delve into him to suck slick out. Tong shouts, legs flailing, one catching Steve in the ribs. 

He pulls away when Tony is a puddle on the sheets, hips jerking involuntarily every now and then and Tony screwed his eyes shut. “No—“ he gasps. “No, Alpha please, I’m gonna, I’m gonna cum, 

no

!” He leans down to press a kiss to Tony’s trembling hile before leaning back and completely avoiding his cock and hole, Bucky rubbing his stomach and Steve holding his twitching thighs.

He grins as Tony trembles from head to toe, and Bucky laughs. “C’mon, Stevie, we’ve teased him enough, haven’t we?”

Steve hums, wrapping his fingers around Tony’s ankle and squeezing soothingly, at odds with his words. “I dunno, Bucky,” he says, “I think he can take more.”

“No!” Tony is desperate, squirming, desperate to prove to his alphas that he needs it, that he can’t live without their cocks in him, and Steve bites his cheek to keep from dropping the act. “Professor, please, I wasn’t bad, I didn’t--” He hiccups. “I didn’t slack off, please, I did everything you asked!”

Bucky’s voice is low and tinged with amusement, but mostly covered with lust. “

Begging

. I think--” He eases Tony up and onto his chest as he lays back so Tony is straddling him. “You might be my favorite student, doll face.”

“I better,” Tony whimpers, squeaking when Bucky pumps his hips up. “You stretched me, get on with it!”

Steve steps in to pluck his nipple. “Be respectful now.”

“Sorry, Professor,” Tony’s voice cracks as Steve grabs hold of his hips and begins to pound him up and down on Bucky’s cock, the other alpha leaning back and groaning. He begins to slow Tony’s movement’s when he’s suitably whiny, close enough to orgasm to not make this last so long because Steve’ll admit he’s already got a little bit of knot from before, and Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Safewords
BDSM Scene
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
PWP
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Riding
Consensual Kink
Schoolboy/Schoolgirl Kink
Mild Kink
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Double Penetration in One Hole
Double Anal Penetration
Double Penetration
Established Relationship
Dirty Talk
legit no plot just porn
a lot of my leftover bingo prompts are porn so be ready for this
honestly the schoolboy/schoolgirl kink is pretty mild
it's not a big thing but ig if you hate it
don't read it
Rimming
Knotting
slick
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

