Chapter 1





Chapter Text

By Friday afternoon, you’ve had just about enough of the whispers and hushed giggles. 


You set your lunch tray down on the table just a little too hard, and the sharp 

crack

 immediately grabs your friends’ attention. Their eyes dart around the crowded cafeteria guiltily. “Alright,” you hiss, “Will someone please share with the class what the big goddamn secret is? You know. The one that you’ve all been sneaking around behind my back about - great job, by the way, because I literally figured out you’ve been hiding something maybe five minutes after you decided to be all stealthy?” 


Clint Barton has enough of a conscience to look a little ashamed; by comparison, Natasha Romanoff simply raises her eyebrows and continues to pick at her nail polish. 


You set your hands on your hips and continue, even more incensed. “It’s been five freaking days. I’m over it. Just tell me now and get it over with so we can move on with our pathetic twelfth-grade lives.” You huff and finally plunk yourself down on the hard plastic bench. 


The silence is alarmingly palpable, even in the dull roar of senior lunch period. Your bag of Fritos squeaks shrilly as you rip open the plastic. After a few tense moments, you toss the bag onto your tray, thoroughly exasperated. “What?” 


They’re all staring. Not at you, though. Their eyes are pinned somewhere just over your shoulder. Tony Stark’s mouth hangs open, just a bit. 


Your patience is down to its last threads as you twist around in your seat to find out what, exactly, the big deal is. “Jesus Chr-“


And you nearly fall right off of the uncomfortable hard plastic bench. 


Peter Parker, nerd extraordinaire, valedictorian-to-be, and your crush since the first day of ninth grade, is wearing a massive sandwich board with the words “Will you go to homecoming with me” scrawled across the front in varying colors of Magic Marker. He’s got a hopeful smile on his handsome, boyish face. 


And he’s staring directly at you.


It takes a few moments for you to realize that the entire cafeteria has gone painfully silent. You gawk, feeling the flush rise to your face. 

Me? 

you wonder. 


No. It can’t be. You and Peter - you’ve been everything for the past three years - study buddies, wingman/woman, a shoulder to cry on - but it always stopped right before it could cross into anything more. You’d resigned yourself to it, and both fervently wished for and dreaded the end of the school year when you’d go your separate ways. 


But. 


There he is, grinning nervously, and taking small steps toward you. Frozen, you can only manage to keep yourself from keeling over onto the linoleum. “Hi,” he says shyly once he’s close enough to hear his shallow breaths. 


“Hi,” you answer dumbly. 


He cracks a small smile. “Uh, sorry about - all this,” he chuckles, using one hand to gesture at the board. Up close, the penmanship is even more loopy. “I just - I know we’ve been friends for a long time, and maybe you’d think I wasn’t, y’know, serious? If I asked when we were alone? So, I thought if I did it this way, you’d know that I, uh. That I meant it.” He laughs a little. “Lots of witnesses.”


Well. That wasn’t a lie. The entire twelfth grade was glued to your little telenovella. 


“Wow,” you murmur, still stunned. “All this, just for the...homecoming dance?” 


Peter’s face scrunches up, just a bit, as he considers. “Well, yeah,” he admits, and a tiny part of you deflates. “But, I was hoping that we could go on a couple of dates, first?” 


Now you really were going to fall over. Three years of hoping and wishing and watching him pine after other girls...and here he is, looking at you like he can’t believe you’re real. You can’t help it, your face breaks into the brightest, sunniest smile. You feel his fingers rest lightly at your waist as you throw your arms around his neck and pull him in tightly for a hug. “Yes,” you gasp out, half-laughing, half-something else you cannot name, elation lighting up your veins like fireworks. “Yes, Peter.” 


You can feel his grin against your cheek as he pecks you there, and the rest of the cafeteria breaks into applause. 


***


“So, my foster parents, they’re really awesome,” Peter stumbles as he struggles to get his key into the lock. “Super great. They’re gonna lo-like you,” he catches himself, but not before you smile privately to yourself at the slip. “Really.” 


You squeeze Peter’s hand, a little tingle in your belly. Peter has been notoriously secretive about his foster parents, who just formally adopted him last year after the paperwork finally went through, and you count yourself as one of Peter’s inner circle to be meeting them in person like this. 


“They even said, like, you know, like, all - ‘Son, we oughta meet this young lady,’” his voice drops artificially low as he mimics a dad-voice, “‘it’s only right after six dates, why, back in my day-“ 


The heavy oak door swings open, and you’re greeted by a tall, broad-sho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
non-con
Older Man/Younger Woman
Dark!Steve
Dark!Bucky
Making Out
Hand Jobs
Fingering
Blow Jobs
High School
Fucking
Threesome - F/M/M
Come Swallowing
Blackmail
Sloppy Seconds
Loss of Virginity
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Masturbation
Semi-Public Sex
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Polyamory
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Breeding

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader

