Chapter 1: (Terrifying) New World
    




Chapter Text
"Steven G. Rogers. Alpha. Served from 1941 to 1945. Also known as Captain America. Led a team called the Howling Commandos. Did I miss anything, soldier?" Nick Fury has a General's kind of presence, but he's an insensitive jackass.
"No sir." Steve’s hand goes for Bucky's dog tags, only to realize that they aren't there. He can't breath for a moment.
"Something wrong, Captain?" Fury looks at him like he’s dissecting him with his eyes. Eye.
Steve has to take a deep breath and set his teeth to even talk. "My dog tags. Where are they?"
Fury's one good eye fixes him with a stare, and Steve meets  it. "They're being cataloged. I'm sure Agent Coulson will retrieve them for you."
Steve takes another breath. "All due respect, sir, I'd like to retrieve them myself."
Fury levels a harder look at him, and Steve's terrified that Fury'll say no, or ask why, but instead he just gives a curt jerk of his head. "Coulson, would you escort the Captain down to cataloging?"
Coulson is an alpha, mid-forties, balding, who has a very strange look in his eye. "Of course, Director."
As soon as they've left Fury's office, Coulson sticks his hand out. "Phil Coulson. I'm a great fan, Captain."
It's almost uncomfortable, the amount of scrutiny Coulson has in that look. Steve takes his hand anyway. "Thank you, Agent Coulson."
They don't move for a minute, so Steve clears his throat. It seems to break Coulson out of his bizarre trance, and he leads Steve to Cataloging, which is a room the size of a warehouse, full of all sorts of artifacts and... Other things.
"Agent Goulding." Coulson is clearly expecting an immediate reaction to her name. He gets it.
"Yes, Sir?" Agent Goulding is clearly Coulson's subordinate, because she stops working the minute he addresses her.
"You were in charge of cataloguing Captain Rogers' belongings?" Coulson looks at her expectantly.
"Yes, Sir." She slides a folder towards Agent Coulson, and he leafs through it, before unlocking a drawer in the filing cabinet behind her.
Agent Coulson slides out a tray of smaller belongings, and Steve has to control the jerk reaction to seeing Bucky's tags. He wants to cradle them to his chest, the last remnants of his Bucky, of the big apartment, the six kids, the dresses, the normal life. He wants to cry. He still doesn't have that luxury.
Instead, Steve nods at Agent Coulson, and he hands him the whole tray. The dog tags are freezing cold, which hurts. They've never been cold, he never took them off long enough. He tries to ignore it, and slides the picture of Peggy into his pants pocket. He still hopes that she got married.
---
After Shield lets Steve back into society, he isn't sure what to do with himself. He starts by ducking into a department store, wallet unusually full of Shield's money. The clothes are a lot more expensive then he would have thought, but he doesn't ask. He doesn't want to draw any attention to himself.
Bag in hand, Steve disappears into an Omega's restroom and into a stall before anyone can show up to say anything. He dresses quickly, with all the precision of a soldier, but he takes his time applying the make up. He saw his mother do it hundreds of times, had her do it to him hundreds of times, but he doesn't want to mess it up. So he's careful. Then he takes a step back, and admires his handiwork. The skirt is a bit shorter than he would've worn in the forties, and the shirt shows off a little too much cleavage, but he feels beautiful. Just in case, he scrubs the last vestiges of his artificial scent blocker off.
Steve's sure that Shield has someone watching him, but he's pretty sure that no one will recognize him, at least, not dressed like this. He makes sure to walk like an omega, and the way his hips sway feels so much more natural.
As Steve walks down the streets of New York, of course people look at him, but they're just looking at him, not at Captain America, and that's an unbearable weight off of his shoulders.
The first thing he does, newly free, heart still painfully raw, is find the apartment he and Bucky lived in. It's still there, amazingly enough, and people still live in it. He can hear the sharp cries of an omega in heat, and his heart pangs. He's sharply reminded of all the time he wasted with Bucky. He leaves just as quickly as he came.
As he walks down the street, a couple of alphas catcall at him, but he ignores them. He misses Bucky.
Steve finds a public bathroom that's relatively clean, and puts his clothes back on. He managed to save the bottle of scent blocker, and he hates to pull it out of his pocket. He hates to pretend, now, but the world still expects him to be Captain America. And there's no one expecting him to be their omega. So, as Steve Rogers, alpha, he finds an apartment.
As Steve Rogers, alpha, he goes to see Peggy Carter.
"Steve?" Peggy looks like she's seen a ghost
"I guess I missed our date." He holds her hand and sits by her bedside.
"It's- you're here."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bruce Banner
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Omega Clint Barton
Flashbacks
Slow Burn
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Feels
Mildly Dubious Consent
Alpha Phil Coulson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

