Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Concrete and glass crunched under Tony's metal Iron Man boots as he walked around and took in the scene that was laid out before him. Bright yellow and orange flames seemed to crackle and glow from every direction, burning whatever they could sustain themselves on - everything appeared to be a giant mess, and yet not as big a mess as it could have been.


When Tony had received the call that his plane had been lost, he'd been furious.


Furious and terrified. 


That plane had contained some items that would be devastating in the hands of people with no morals. They could level the city or control the world if they knew what they were doing and there were countless people who would have been itching to have that sort of firepower in their back pocket. So yeah, Tony had been extremely concerned to hear that his plane had been hijacked.


His fury had been building and festering until he found himself in his Iron Man suit just flying around the city looking for suspicious weapons dealers. Until he had received a very apologetic call from Happy saying that they had found the plane, the only problem was that they had found it crashed into thousands upon thousands of pieces after having hit the ground in a maneuver that was most definitely not a safe landing procedure. 


Tony didn't care about losing the plane, he was a billionaire with a killer insurance policy, he just wanted to make sure that everything was accounted for - even if they were broken or damaged, that was still better than them being in the hands of the wrong people.


Debris lay scattered everywhere, it was hard to tell how much of it was his plane and how much was small buildings and stands that had been set up on the beach. It was strange, despite the plates of melting metal that were lying all over the place - he couldn't actually see any of the cargo that had been on the plane.


"Fuck!" Tony yelled in panic. "F.R.I.D.A.Y. connect to Happy. Now."


"Hey, Tony so-"


"No time," Tony said quickly, "how far out is the clean up team?"


"About ten minutes," Happy informed him.


"Right, right," Tony said as he took to the sky again, hoping desperately to see that 

something

 had been left behind by the thief.


"Tony?" Happy's voice was uncertain, worried, "you alright?"


"I'll call you back," Tony muttered, his eyes catching sight of something bizarre stacked in the centre of the chaos, "F.R.I. end call."


"Tony don't-"


The connection was dropped and Tony made his way over to the strange structure. The suit retracted around him allowing him to step out onto the debris coated sand. Everything was there... in front of him, neatly stacked and tied together with a strange substance that Tony couldn't say he'd ever seen before. He hesitated for a split second before reaching out and touching it, it was sticky but also smooth and sleek - in a strange way it made him think of spider webbing.


Slowly he made his way around the mound of highly dangerous boxed items, and nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw a man sitting there.


The man looked annoyed at his predicament, in fact Tony would even go as far as to say there was a hint of murderous rage showing on his face. 


His body was also being held in place by the same strange webs that were holding all of Tony’s precious belongings together. The man glanced to his side, drawing Tony's attention to a piece of paper that had been stuck to a container by the man’s head, a message scrawled on it in childish handwriting.


FOUND


FLYING VULTURE GUY


- SPIDER-MAN


P.S. SORRY ABOUT 


YOUR PLANE


"Spider-Man?" Tony mumbled to himself in confusion as he reached out and plucked the note off the box. It had been attached with the same sticky material and ripped slightly with the force of removing it. 


"Annoying kid," the man muttered, Tony wasn't sure if he was talking to himself or not, "with any luck he'll crawl somewhere to tend to his wounds and he won't come back out."


"Kid?" Tony asked.


He shouldn't have expected any further explanation because the man who was tied up just snorted and laid his head back against the boxes as though he was taking a leisurely nap while the distant sound of sirens filtered through the burning crackles of the tragedy around them. His lips were sealed tightly as though to show that he wasn't willing to say anything more. 


"Kid," Tony repeated, whispering the word to himself and glancing around the burning mess in panic. "F.R.I.D.A.Y. scan the nearby area, I want to know if there's anyone else here."


"Yes, Sir," F.R.I.D.A.Y. responded and Tony watched the Iron Man suit power up and hover in the air as it took in the surrounding area.


While she scanned Tony couldn't stop himself from looking everywhere he could, his imagination kept playing tricks on him and he could 

see it. 

He could see a child lying half under a sheet of metal with a soot covered face, everywhere he looked the child got younger and youn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
a new take on homecoming
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Blood and Injury
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Spider traits
Peter Parker Can't Thermoregulate
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Flashbacks

fandom: 
None
