Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The king was having an affair.
It wasn’t a shocking revelation. Nor an unusual one. The queen would pretend she didn’t know and her husband would act too as if she didn’t. As if she did not overhear the wagging tongues all around her. As if she did not notice the knowing smirks.
So long as King Steven maintained outward propriety towards Queen Eleanor, she would abide his adultery. A woman in her station was not ill-prepared for its reality. Princesses were trained for the falsity of their arranged marriages. And as any woman at court, she was a skilled actor. 
Besides, she was reassured by the crown on her brow. She need not be bothered with immoral ladies of the court. Why, when the flame dwindled and the king’s eyes moved along to the next, they were left without their virtue and often wed to second, even third sons. And the queen remained on her throne.
Eleanor was not spiteful. She bore it all with a graceful smile. She did not exile the king’s latest paramour. There was more pride, more dignity, in maintaining one’s decorum. Even as they whispered about her, the queen welcomed the very woman into her sewing circle. 
She smiled as she sat around the tapestry with those who gossiped behind her back. You admired her strength. Envied her because you knew yourself incomparable to her. You’d not be able to stomach such a circumstance. As it was, your position as an unmarried lady left you insecure and uncertain. A second daughter, the convent loomed closer with each unwed year.
And you weren’t meant for court. Not like your sister, Alice. Buoyant and cheerful, she easily secured a betrothal within a year of her debut. She was confined now for her first pregnancy, her husband a duke. Your father was proud of her and thus, even more disappointed in you.
Were it not for the queen’s favour, you would no longer remain at court. Your father would have sent you off to live as a nun. That could still happen. Time was pressing, marriage more so. Like Eleanor, you mused, your worries were greater than some courtly affair. In a week, or a month, the rumours would change but life would be little different.
You sat not far from the queen, a lady between the two of you, another at your other shoulder separated you from Rose, the king’s current mistress. You kept your head down as you worked at the tapestry, weaving the golden thread along the border. You were quiet. A tension radiated from both women.
Rose trilled every now and again; boisterous and boastful as she sent pointed looks at the queen. Eleanor barely noticed, or pretended she didn’t, as she humoured the ladies to her left and right. Lady Diana was Eleanor’s closest friend, a constant companion since her arrival as a foreign princess. Lady Mabel was another favourite, the last of the trio known for her stylish and often imported attire. You were just another set of slippers at court; easily forgotten for those around you. At least you thought you were.
The queen’s voice called your name and you raised your head as if shaken from a trance. Eleanor beamed at you, Diana and Mabel watched as well. You smiled nervously, your mouth dry and your wits strewn around you.
“Your Highness,” You gripped the edge of the tapestry.
“I hope I haven’t disturbed you, my lady, but I was just telling my ladies of the rosettes you sew so well.” She chimed. “I thought, however, it would be more effective if you were to show them.”
“My rosettes?” You wondered.
“Well, I had the fanciful idea that we might include some in the field,” She waved to the centre of the tapestry, “Little one’s you see. It would add character to the scene, don’t you think?”
“Yes, I think so.” You answered. “Do you have cloth, your highness?”
“A little. It would be entirely experimental but it would give us a task for our next circle,” Eleanour reach down to the sewing box by her skirts and pulled out a small plume of red silk. “Would you show the ladies, then?”
“Certainly,” You replied, “Where should I place it?”
“Just there, along the grass,” She pointed to the green embroidery meant to reflect the resplendent fields of the countryside. “Ladies,” The queen stood all at once and her edge sagged before her. “Gather round. You should all learn how to make a beautiful rosette.”
The women rose with a rush of skirt as the tapestry was folded so that you could reach its middle. Diana and Mabel held it aloft as the other ladies circled you. The queen stood over your shoulder as you fumbled with the silk and thread. You had altered a few bodices for the queen, your skill with the needle your only. You suspected it was also the only reason for her amity.
You placed your needle between your lips and held it there as you began to twist the fabric. Your hands shook but your work was adequate. The whispers around you stirred your nerves. A familiar voice, one which had rarely quieted throughout the sessions, cut through.
“Like I don’t know how to make a rosette,” Rose scoffed. “What are we child
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Medieval AU
dark!medieval
but kinda cheesy
I mean
steve rogers - Freeform
a medieval king
king!steve
let's get hype
slow hands
I Mean Slow Burn
shy!reader
later bucky barnes and reader romance
Bucky Barnes - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader

