Chapter 1: Labour of Lust
    




Chapter Text
Darcy considered it something of a coup that she’d managed to finagle JARVIS into hooking up Netflix to her workstation. She would have felt guilty about the lost productivity but it was 10 P.M, she was halfway through Broad City and Jane still hadn’t made it back from her Super Seekrit™ meeting with R and D. So much for waiting at the lab for Jane. She hit pause on the laptop and kicked back in her chair, stretching and groaning dramatically as she did so. She was so noisy that she very nearly missed the quiet tink-tink noise, followed by a tinny rolling sound as a thin aluminium canister coasted across the tiles and came to a stop just by her foot. It rocked a little, came to a standstill, then released a short puff of air.Darcy shot to her feet, she knew enough to know that the unscheduled release of unidentified substances was not desirable and might have been concerned about it, except that she could hear the growing sounds of crashing coming in her direction. Fast.
Well, fu-
~*~Steve cleared the final wall, dropped his shoulder and caught Lewis somewhere between her hips and ribs, using his momentum to swing her up and over his shoulder, clamping his arm down behind her knees to secure her as he continued to move through the building.Normally he felt a twinge of guilt when it came to such flagrant destruction of property, but it was Stark’s tower so he was kind of okay with tearing through a cheap panel of plasterboard here and there.… and that was basically his last thought as he was stopped dead by a wall that was decidedly not plasterboard.~*~“-the fu-”“Lewis.”“Nnngh.” Darcy sat up and raked her hands through her hair, her fingers got caught halfway though, so she abandoned the pursuit. “S’hot in here?” It sounded like a question, but damned if she wasn’t burning up.The heat seemed like the most pressing issue, not the when, where or who (she wasn’t even willing to start on the why). Her skin was prickling with a sickening sort of heat, something very much like the time she’d had an allergic reaction to a ‘lip plumping’ gloss, only this time it wasn’t just her mouth that felt unaccountably feverish, it was every part of her. She lifted her arm to poke at her wrist as she scanned the dimly lit room. A dark figure loomed large by the door, Darcy scoped his waist-to-shoulder ratio and calmed. “Cap?”“Lewis, right?” “All day, every day.”“Are you okay? We, uh, ran into a spot of trouble.” His voice was low, but firm and calm. Even from across the room she could feel it down to her sternum, feel it start a low buzz that only added to the heat she was already battling. Beyond him she could make out bare concrete walls, a single steel door and… well, that basically exhausted the talking points of the cell. Near the door she spotted a small smear of blood, her eyes slipped to his hands and while they seemed whole and unharmed, there was a corresponding slick of blood along his knuckles. She wanted to lick them clean. She pushed the errant thought away with a screwed up nose. What was wrong with her?! Obviously they were in dire straits and her brain was throwing out utterly unhelpful gems like that. Ugh.“Did you try and punch your way out of here?”“Worth a shot,” he mumbled as he crossed to her and squatted down to look closely at her.“No, actually. It’s never worthwhile trying to punch concrete. Peak human or not, that is a terrible idea.” God, he was close. He’d never been that close before. Even smelling of sweat and just the hint of soap, Darcy felt as if his smell spoke to her on a chemical level or something. Steve Rogers was like her every adolescent crush on crack; handsome the the point of ridiculousness, so kind and polite that she frequently wanted to punch his stupid, sculpted face… not to mention that the guy was Captain-freakin’-America. Everything about the man spoke to her (well, presumably her and every member of his official fan club). She reached out to push his mask back, he allowed it but narrowed his eyes and looked a little more closely at her.Darcy cleared her throat guiltily and returned her hand to her person, where it belonged. “Who has us?” she asked, trying to get on board with the seriousness of their predicament.“HYDRA, H.A.T.E, the Hand? Got a couple of options, kid. Don’t matter as long as we can give them the slip.”“And that’s how likely, exactly?”Steve passed a hand over the back of his neck and glanced away, “Not very. Not yet, anyway, but I’m on it.”Which was, y’know, comforting and stuff but, man, was she hot… her skin was so tight, more so in some places than others and-“Ma’am?” It was the way his voice caught in his throat that told her something was wrong. Which made sense because she’d managed to slip her hands up beneath her top and into her bra. Darcy pulled her hands from her breasts with a gasp of horror. What the Hell was wrong with her?~*~At first, Steve had struggled to remember her name. Not because he wasn’t fam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Questionable Consent
Non Consent

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

