Chapter 1: ugly things
    




Chapter Text
Peter left the manor in a hurry, not even bothering to stop and pick up the ugly vase he’d knocked over on his way out. That was the problem with Peter Parker, as his father would be happy to tell you. He just didn’t care. Didn’t care about the manor where he lived, or its history, no matter how many his dad recited it to him. Peter saw past all the myths and stories and great things that were said to have happened there and saw it for what it was in that moment, old and decrepit and rotting from within. Small, sharp pieces of wood stuck out from the interior, stabbing and sticking into anyone who dared to get to close. They didn’t have to worry about that often, though. The manor stood in the middle of a forest, hidden by trees and mountains. No one found it unless they were sent there, or unless they were looking, and not many people were. Oftentimes Peter complained that he would like to move. He pictured himself in the city, surrounded by people, or in a school, with actual people his age, instead of holed up on the second-floor study with a private tutor. Oftentimes his dad complained about his complaints. His were wiser, more sophisticated complaints. His complaints always carried the undertone of an order. “You should be grateful,” he’d tell him. “I’m breaking history in this house, and you don’t even care. You can’t even be bothered to help out in the lab from time to time.” Oftentimes Peter dug his fingernails into his sweaty palms. It was a lot safer than rolling his eyes. Peter cared less about the lab and his dad’s experiments than he did the manor, where they were performed. Didn’t care about the screaming he heard through the walls, or how it never seemed to stop, even when he put headphones over his ears. Didn’t even care that he could hear through the walls, thanks to Richard’s research into cross genetics and that incident with the spider. Maybe his dad was right, then. Maybe he should feel grateful. Most people who wound up in his dad’s lab left on a stretcher with a thin, white sheet covering their limp, lifeless bodies. Peter didn’t care about that, either, if you were wondering. He didn’t. Sometimes their screaming was just annoying. It got to him. Nagged at him, ate away until it drove him out of the manor and into the woods that surrounded it, where if he walked long enough and far enough, he couldn’t hear it anymore. Sometimes he just had to escape. Sometimes, like now. His tennis shoes crunched down against dirt, leaves, twigs, and he tugged his jacket closer to his skin, wishing he’d thought to grab something heavier to throw on before he fled the manor.  That was another one of Peter’s problems, according to his father. He never really stopped to think things all the way through. Peter paused on the path when the screaming died down, then cut off altogether. A shiver went down his spine, one he pretended had more to do with the cold than it did with death. He looked around the forest, as if he might be able to spot a ghost if he looked hard enough, before shaking his head and continuing down the path. “Get it together, Pete,” he mumbled to himself, rubbing his temple, the screaming echoing through his thoughts although it was no longer really there. He took a deep breath, then released, watching the air that flowed from his mouth turn white. Rays of sunlight reflected through the mist, causing Peter to look up at sky and remember something his mother used to say. 
“Fresh air and a little bit of sunlight can fix anything.” 

 
Her voice played through his thoughts, accompanied by her smile. Memories of her that were so blurry, so out of focus and bright, and so filled with something that warmed him up from the inside, that Peter had trouble believing they were memories and not just dreams, not just something his mind fabricated to make it seem like it was possible for things to be fixed. Real or fake, the memory and the words replayed over and over until his head was clear, until he almost walked straight into the fence that surrounded the property where the manor stood. The metal was rusty, just as the manor was splintery, and completely useless at keeping people out, if they even wanted inside. Peter couldn’t imagine anyone did. He suspected the fence, as tall as it was, was built to keep people in. A pathetic whining brought Peter’s attention to the ground, where he saw a rabbit tangled up in plastic that had once held a six-pack of beers together. The idiotic guards were always out here drinking, but not bothered cleaning up after themselves. Peter crouched down and hesitantly reached his hand out. “Just don’t bite me, okay?” The rabbit continued whining in response but didn’t try to bite him as Peter untangled its paws from the plastic and picked it up, using both hands to cradle it. He stretched out his arms and released it on the other side of the fence, feeling lucky that the animal had the good sense to keep hopping in that direc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Richard Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hydra Peter Parker
Evil Richard Parker
Grief/Mourning
Recovery
Child Abuse
Peter Parker Whump
Kidnapping
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Food Issues
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Human Experimentation
Plants
Minor Character Death
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Richard Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

