Chapter 1: Announcment
    




Chapter Text
Peter would admit that he wasn’t all that excited. Mr.Harrington had announced a field trip, of which he had terrible luck with. Like last year, being bitten by a radioactive spider and the year before getting lost at a science museum where he had to wait for May to pick him up. Not to mention the academic decathlon trip to Washington D.C. So, a surprise field trip was not on his things to be ecstatic about. The top being getting a stark internship and getting complimented by the man whose name was on said building. Ned seemed excited so for his best friend's sake, he faked a smile and listened to Ned theorize about where they would be going. If Ned noticed the lack of enthusiasm he didn’t let it dim his. “Alright, settle down. Return the permission slip in by Friday or you won’t get to go. The NDA too,” Mr. Harrington called as the bell rang. Peter got up with Ned who was still rambling and distractingly grabbed two of each of the forms before handing one to Peter. “What do you think it will be?! If we need to sign an NDA it has to be some kind of science company.” Ned continued at lunch. “Probably just Hammer Industries,” Peter responded, taking a bite of his sandwich. Ned sulked a second before thinking and shaking his head. “Their too paranoid to allow people who don’t work there to enter the parking lot let alone the building,” Ned commented. “I don’t know why? They don’t have anything worth stealing,” Mj said causing both boys to jump and the sudden voice. Peter put a mocking hand over his heart. “Man, Mj, didn’t anyone tell you not to sneak up on people?” Michelle simply shrugged, stealing Peter’s apple and taking a bite. Peter glared prompting her to glare back and Peter backing down. He wasn’t afraid to admit she could put the fear of God into him, or anyone for that matter. “Do you know where we’re going?” Ned asked. Which was smart, as Michelle knew pretty much everything that happened, whether in school or somewhere halfway across the world. “Maybe, maybe not,” was her reply. Ned hung his head, he wouldn’t get an answer from her. The lunch bell rang and the trio left for their next class. —————————————————————Peter, Ned, and Mj walked to the subway, continuing past the trains and into an abandoned track. Peter jumped over the fence before unlocking it for the other two to follow and pressing the palm of his hand into the wall. It pressed in allowing a mechanism to activate and slide a door to the left slightly open. Mj walked in first followed by Ned and then Peter. The room inside was mostly black and dark reds and accented blue on tables and chair pillows. One section was a mini-lab that had various projects in development, a computer in the middle of decoding a drug cartel in Queens and an unfinished article on women empowerment while balancing the need for men to feel important. The next area had multiple suits of different designs, like the classic red and blue he wears for patrol or the jet black with a large spider on the front and back for stealth. The last area consisted of a couple of sofas and bean bags, an ottoman and a television. It also included a kitchenette area for Peter's super metabolism or the others if they get hungry. The only reason this exists is because Ned could not keep a secret from his parents if his life depended on it. Leading to them confronting Peter and May and their weekly dinner dates together since Ned and Peter became inseparable. It led to May finding out and Peter staying with the Leeds till May came around, Peter doesn’t like to think about that time. So, to put May at ease somewhat and Mr.Leeds having always wanting to sponsor a superhero, this HQ had happened. As for Mj, well she confronted him after the disaster that was homecoming and here they were now. Ned resumes his coding, Mj walks to the computer hub to look out for crime while Peter got into his suit. He went through all the settings and configurations till he knew everything worked before activating ASTRAEA(A Snarky Technological Robot Acting Exceedingly Astute), sure he needs to update the acronym but give him a break he was nine when he created her. He had heard about Tony Stark's AI and gave it a shot. “Afternoon Peter,” sounded ASTRAEA’s smooth Italian lilt. “ASTRAEA,” Peter greeted, “You ready to patrol?”“Always, Peter,”Peter crawled to the ceiling and activated the hatch and sling-shoting through the air to greet the New York City skyline. “Soundcheck, M?” Peter asked.“Copy,” was Mj’s reply. She monitored Peter while in the suit and acting as an unofficial medic. “Guy in the chair?” “Copy, Spidey,” Ned sounded the clacking of keys in the background. He acted as a technical support and emotional well-being therapist.“We need to get you a shorter name,” Mj spoke. “Don’t you dare,” Ned threatened. “Really, because I was thinking about Q, to go along with my code name,” Ned is silent for a moment considering. Peter continues swinging letting his e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter didn't meet Stark
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Genius Peter Parker
Surprises
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

