Work Text:
All in all it was a good day. Scratch that. It was a great day, having just started your new job, in a new city, after months of unemployment and a broken heart. You just couldn't stop smiling and humming, perhaps a little singing, along to all the happy tunes you were listening to on your headphones on your way there, despite being the coldest day of the year and feeling your teeth shattering with every inhale. 
And there he was, the first time you ever saw him, delivering all the mouthwatering baked goods to that cute little café two blocks away from your new office. Or rather almost fell in front of him, due to the icy pavement and your complete immersion to the Queens' playlist. He helped you find your balance and looked at you, without saying anything, before releasing your hand and going back to work, without even having a chance to thank him.
And the rest of your way there you totally you kind of forgot how to breathe properly, thinking of a pair of blue icy eyes that could cut straight into you, the kind of beard that always made you weak on your knees and the manly calloused hand, the first one to touch you so strongly in over a year after your breakup.
And then nothing. For months, every morning on your way to work, you would see him unloading cookies and cold sandwiches, acknowledging you just with a stare and without even a good morning. At least work was going well, if you don't count the terrible leach of a man that was Brock from accounting, and with every chance he got, he would comment on some aspect of your appearance followed by a flirty, or more accurately stomach-turning, wink. Sam and Steve, the other members of the team you were in, were absolute sweethearts on the other hand, embracing you and helping you transition your first couple of days in, and you often frequented their favourite after-work bar with them, getting to know them a little better, with Sam especially, trying to fix you up with every male customer that would cross the threshold, earning him a chuckle from you and a sigh from Steve. 
If only... You still haven't gotten over your breakup, leaving you still a little bit sore, hurt and untrusting. But you did miss sex, and you often thought of the silent, blue-eyed man while you were you touching yourself at night, you sure as hell weren't to think about your ex. You lay there, thinking of the way his beard would scratch your neck while kissing it or the burn you would feel between your thighs if he ate you out, whilst looking at you with those eyes and kneading your body with those strong hands. Yes, your latest orgasms came thanks to him and you didn't even know his name..
."Bucky", Steve said. "What?", you said not realising what he was talking about. "Who or what is a Bucky?". 
"HE.. is my friend from school. We grew up together, almost like brothers. I should set you up with him."
"Man, that iceman? Our girl here needs someone fun and relaxed, but most importantly she needs some good old fashioned, no strings attached sex with a random stranger, before she can start dating again. And she definitely doesn't need that grunting yeti, she's too cheerful for that. Don't get me wrong I love Bucky, but Hell no", Sam intervened. 
"Excuse me, I am a strong independent woman who don't need no man", you said laughing, "I don't need help from either of you in this department. I'm fine by my own, and I don't believe in set-ups. I need something magical". 
"Oh come on, no one said you need help, I just think you and my friend would be perfect for each other. Yes, Sam, don't smirk. He is a bit rough around the edges, but he's sweet deep down, and he would benefit from someone like her, and you", he said pointing, "could definitely do with a more grounded, serious guy, after what you told us about your ex".
"I appreaciate the sentiment Steve, although remind me next time not to partake to shots, but I mean it." 
Apparently Steve agreed, dropping the subject completely, and you spent the rest of the night exchanging jokes and laughs with the two of them, thanking your good stars tomorrow was Saturday and you could get on with chores you kept putting off.. 
.The next few weeks just flew by, and here you were deep in summer, sweating like a pig in your shitty apartment with the even shittier air conditioning system. Since you only hung out with Steve and Sam, they were your only friends in the city, and you called for help. Sam has already left for the weekend but Steve, being Steve, was on his way.
A very cold shower and half an hour later you heard your doorbell and at the door was  him. You just stared at each other for a couple of seconds, with a questioning look on both your faces before Steve appeared behind him with a bag of tools and a big smile on his face. 
"That's my friend Bucky. We were together when you called, and he's really good with his hands, you sounded desperate on the phone and I thought it wouldn't hurt", he said, looking like the cat that ate the cana
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Strangers to Lovers
Explicit Sexual Content
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Maybe A Little Plot
Dirty Thoughts
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
NSFW Art
Small breasted reader
thin reader
Animated GIFs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

