Chapter 1



Notes:
Hello everyone! As stated in my summary, this fic has been adopted from the link provided. If you have not read it, please do so as I will be pretty much picking up right from when Harry went home for his first holiday from Hogwarts. From that point onward, though, I will be making the story my own. I hope you like what you read!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Christmas holidays came faster than Harry could believe and too painstakingly slow for Loki to handle. Harry knew his friend could hardly handle staying over the break, and Harry himself was missing his father and uncle. He gathered what few essentials he would need while away before locking the rest of his belongings with a spell far too advanced for his fellow classmates to overcome for those with larceny in their hearts, not that it was much of an issue in Hufflepuff. With his bag packed and a reluctant owl Loki in the bird cage in his hand, Harry was boarding the train back to King's Cross Station. Harry spent the ride discussing plans with his housemates for their holiday while Loki counted down the seconds until he and Harry were away from those that had seen him in this form so he could return to his true body. Feathers had the horrible habit of itching. Thankfully, he was not at the mercy of the vermin that came with the fur coats. Though anything that dared to attempt to feed on him found its extremely short life even shorter.Far too many hours later for Loki's sake, Harry and Loki were stepping on the private Stark jet where Clint and Tony were waiting. Harry ran over and gave both of them tight hugs. Clint and Tony happily return them, clearly having missed Harry over the long semester. Loki handed a roll of quarters over to Clint without any other explanation than, "for the jar." Harry told them of the various things he did with his new friends while Loki rested. They had a long flight back to California. His information could wait until then. He had a lot of relaxing to do while he could before he started making plans. Hours passed, but finally Harry was in his own bed, sleeping soundly. "Not a word of this to him," Loki began once he was completely sure that Harry was asleep. Tony and Clint nodded, but both had worried looks on their faces. "I have found that less than half of the professors are satisfactory, their technology is ancient, and I feel as though there is a plot in place that is going to put his life in serious danger. Someone put an elaborate maze of protection for something on the third floor of the school. I am using elaborate loosely due to the fact that I solved it in a matter of minutes. I only took that long due to the logic puzzle. Yet whatever the protection was for is not there yet. If I were not there, I would believe Harry would badly injure himself should he find out about this. Finally, there was a poorly disguised possession happening to one of the professors. I presume he knew it was happening or he wouldn't bother with the horrible turban he wore. I removed him permanently from the situation when he let a mountain troll into the school during Halloween. I thought that things would be fine once he was gone, but I still feel something is amiss. I would pull Harry out of school right now if it were not for the friends he is making." Clint and Tony stayed silent for far longer than anyone should after hearing such news. The room felt tight and heavy as both of the young boy's parents took in the information. Clint was the first to break the pause."I think he needs to go back.""Are you insane?! Loki just told you all of that and your thought process is, 'Yes! Let's send the cute little 11 year old back into the danger! That makes perfect sense!'" Tony exclaimed."Do you realize who he has interacted with his whole life? Old men. He is eleven years old. We are not the kind of people he should be spending time with at his age. I am not stupid, Tony. Loki is going to go back with him. As for me, I am selling my bar and moving to the nearest town to that school as I possibly can. I don't have magic, but I refuse to stand by and just let my nephew get attacked. I felt like I was being tortured being here while he was thousands of miles away. Loki brought him to me for a reason. He's not getting out of my reach again," Clint replied with an icy tone. Someone was going to hurt Lily's child? They would have to go through him. Tony listened to Clint, seeming almost surprised at how far he would go for the young boy."Jarvis, call Director Fury," he said, seemingly to the air. A cool robotic voice with a slightly British accent replied, "Yes, sir." With in a moment, there was a floating screen in front of Tony with Director Fury's face looking back at him. "Stark, this had better be important to be calling me at eleven pm at night," he growled at the billionaire. "It is. While Harry is at school in the UK, Barton and I will be stationed there. This i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Suggestions of Clint Barton/Loki

freeform: 
AU
Crossover
rated for possible smut
Rated For Violence
Adopted Fic
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Suggestions of Clint Barton/Loki

