Work Text:
The first time Darcy meets him, it is in a dying autumn after the strangest summer of Darcy's short life. She's thinking of changing majors again. It was computer science, and then political science, and now it's maybe comparative religions, which doesn't have 'science' in it at all, except Darcy knows it does. She's witnessed an extradimensional godlike being eat a box of Pop Tarts.Darcy doesn't dwell on it. She knows how amazing it is, but photosynthesis is amazing too, and those Sassy Gay Friend videos are amazing, and her cousin Derek on Red Bull is amazing. Darcy has met a Norse god; now she has to file a change of major form and buy some new rain boots. She walks along through the dismal pattering rain that in Western states passes for early winter, one foot becoming progressively colder and damper, and she sees him standing at a bus stop.It's one of the stops without a shelter, and his black hair is slicked to his head, the ends curling and dripping on his collar. His shoulders are damp, but it's the worst of the damage. Darcy stops, unhooking an earbud before she addresses him. "You missed the last bus by like five minutes," she tells him. "It only comes on the hour."He looks at her unsmiling, but the angles of his face become a little softer. "Yes," he says. "I'm waiting for someone.""Okay, well, hope you don't have to wait too long," Darcy says, already moving again, ducking to put her earbud back in. Bass guitar obscures the sound of rain, and all the way down the block, until she turns a corner, she can feel him watching her, which should be creepy but isn't.*The following summer Darcy sees him again, more or less. She's in a SHIELD compound, which is Jane's fault. Darcy is definitely a comp sci major now, and earning street cred by helping SHIELD design cutting-edge computer code. ("You're the one who forged Thor's fake ID?" Coulson, the agent in charge, asks when Jane introduces them. "Yes I did," Darcy tells him smugly; Coulson says, without a trace of sarcasm, "It took us thirty seconds to uncover the forgery. Good work," and Darcy decides she likes him even if he took her iPod that one time.) Darcy enjoys the work she's doing, though she suspects she has this internship because SHIELD wants to keep an eye on her.As part of her orientation, Darcy and her fellow code monkeys are given a list of bad guys SHIELD's looking out for. The list is limited to tech criminals, people who can and do use their advanced scientific powers for evil, and are therefore threats to national security. The list comes with a short file on each baddie, stats and headshots and everything Darcy imagines James Bond would have on these guys. She flips through them, and there he is, a photo of the man from the bus stop.His name is Loki. Not much more is known about him, besides that he likes to do things that cause lots of damage and that what he does looks a lot like magic. There's an addendum from Erik Selvig noting that it's likely this Loki has a connection to Thor, and that the fire-breathing robot in Puente Antiguo was probably Loki's work.Darcy wonders if there's such a thing as coincidence. She wonders why she's completely failing to freak out.*Thor returns. Darcy thinks of his return like a graduation present: she's done with school, she has a sweet job at SHIELD, and Jane isn't mooning anymore because she's been reunited with her space boyfriend. Darcy's happy for them.She says hi to Thor. Thor bows over her hand, hilariously archaic; Jane is the one who's into that. Darcy wonders if anyone has mentioned to Thor that an evil Asgardian is on the loose down here, and she wonders if Thor is the one Loki was waiting for that day in the rain, but she doesn't ask Thor.She does ask Loki.About a month after Thor's arrival, Loki breaks in to do something weird and nefarious to their weapons systems. Somewhere a bunch of agents are probably running around like headless chickens, but Darcy can't be sure, because she's in the room with the bank of computers that Loki is hacking. All the other code monkeys and scientists and guards have collapsed into peaceful slumber, but Darcy is still wide awake. Alarms blare until Loki cuts them off with a wave of his hand, and in the ensuing silence, Darcy asks, "Were you waiting for Thor?"Loki glances up for a moment from the bank of computers, meeting Darcy's gaze. In the artificial light his eyes are very green. "Of course," he says. Darcy has known enough liars in her life to think he's lying now, but she doesn't know anything about him. Maybe Thor always makes his voice curve into bitterness."Why am I still awake?" Darcy asks, because that's the next obvious question."You are no threat," Loki says dismissively, turning back to the computers.Darcy's eyes narrow. Moving quietly, she reaches under the table, finds her handbag, and closes her hand around her taser. She straightens slowly, judges the distance between them, takes aim, and squeezes.An inch from Loki, the crack
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Norse Mythology - Freeform
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

