Chapter 1: Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes
    




Chapter Text
1.Steve hesitated; the door to his apartment was ajar. It wasn't a trap--well, probably not, anyway; not subtle enough. He'd occasionally felt a ghostlike presence in the apartment, just the feeling of someone, another body moving through the place. But this... Steve pushed the door open and moved slowly into the hall. There was a bloody smear on the wall, three big drops of blood on the floor. The shower was hissing, and Steve saw the shadow of a man on the other side of the curtain.He was sitting, half-naked and drenched, at the bottom of the shower stall, pulling a leather strap tight with his teeth: the makeshift tourniquet on his right arm. The inch of water he was sitting in was pale pink. The gun came up, aimed right between Steve's eyes, before he'd even noticed it clutched in the metal hand, and Steve immediately raised his own hands, stomach twisting: Bucky'd been shot multiple times. He'd detached his left trouser leg and his right sleeve to treat the wounds, and blood was already faintly staining the clean white bandage he'd affixed to his thigh. Now he was working on his arm: he'd irrigated the wounds and was about to dump in the clotting powder when Steve turned up.He aimed the gun between Steve's eyes without even looking, his long wet hair plastered to his face. The leather strap fell out of his mouth.  Water dripped from his nose. The movement of the metal arm was swift, and despite all the blood, the lines of pain on his face, the hand holding the gun was steady.His eyes were dark and unreadable: there was only a faint ring of blue around the pupils. He stared at Steve down the gun barrel and muttered: "Are you really my friend?""Yes!" Steve's head swam at the question. "Please. Let me help you. Let me call--"Bucky hesitated for a second and then yanked the gun to his own temple, and Steve instantly froze. "No doctors. No hospitals," he said, a terrible sincerity in his voice."All right," Steve said. "Yes. Whatever you say."Bucky sized him up for another second or two, then nodded, gun arm falling to his side. After another moment, he let the weapon slide into the water, and yanked the tourniquet tight, grunting, his face contorting with pain. "I need your help," he said, gritting his teeth as he shook powder into the wound, then reached into the pocket of his tac vest and pulled out a clean bandage. Steve stared at him helplessly, and Bucky surprised him by laughing: a jagged scrape of a sound. "Not with this," he said, as if he were reading Steve's mind. He pressed the bandage hard to the wound then roughly began to tape it down. "This is nothing," he said, with a quick shake of his head, though the beaded sweat on his face, notwithstanding the cool water he was sitting in, seemed to indicate otherwise. "I heal fast.""It's a mission," he told Steve, "one I can't do by myself." He finished winding gauze around his arm and leaned back against the white tile wall of the shower; he was breathing hard. His exposed skin was all goosebumps, but he didn't seem to notice. He looked up at Steve. "You were my captain, right?"Steve dropped to his knees outside the shower door and braced his hands on his thighs: not even sure how to start. "Bucky," he began--but even this proved to be too much, and something that had been open slammed shut on Bucky's face."I'm not ready for that," he said flatly, turning his head away."I--okay." Steve felt even further knocked off his axis. He looked at--Bucky? The Winter Soldier? James?--and didn't know what to say. And then he did: "Tell me more about this mission, Sergeant Barnes," he said.
2.To his relief, Bucky accepted a towel and a change of clothes, and then he stood by Steve's kitchen table absently toweling his hair and fiddling with a little electronic device about the size of a matchbook.  It was a good thing Steve had seen similar devices at Stark Tower, otherwise he would have been shocked when it suddenly projected a gigantic three-dimensional map over the table."This is Dulag 186, in what used to be Yugoslavia," Bucky said, and then he muttered something that sounded like, chernaya bashnya, temno, mračno: "the black tower, the dark place." The map rotated above them, showing off an impregnable-looking structure half-built into a mountain and surrounded by water on two sides; it looked to Steve like a fortress, and he said so. "It was," Bucky said, mouth twisting into a grim smile. "It was a medieval city. The Nazis used it as a POW camp, and then midway through the war, it was repurposed by Hydra. It's still in use," he said, reaching up to stretch out the map, showing Steve a modern road, and details of a satellite system. "It's where they do their experiments," he said flatly. "Mostly on prisoners; criminals, politicals. It's Serbia; there are always politicals. But there are also children - orphans, smuggled in from all over the world. They have more than 200 children living there, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Angst
Mission Fic
Soldier Boys
burn it to the ground
The End of the Line
also a haybarn
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

