Chapter 1: Perfectly Imperfect
    


Notes:
I couldn't help myself....I just couldn't help myself.....what have I become? A porn-fic obsessed monster?Well, hey, we all have a cross to bear, do we not? ;pHere is a bit of charming smut with the adorable pre-serum Steve Rogers...Hopefully it isn't too lousy :3P.S.Apologies if there are any errors, I didn't have chance to do a check :s




Chapter Text
You're sat at the laminate, faux wood dining table in Bucky and Steve's kitchen, patiently awaiting Steve's return from the grocery store. It was one of the few places in the area willing to hire a walking archive of ailments. And the five minute walk was considerably kinder to his weak lungs.
Five minutes. Five damn minutes. He should be back by now. What if something's happened to him? What if he's gotten into another fight? You ruminate, brows knitting together in an overwrought frown.
Bucky had asked you to look out for his best friend-who happened to be a stubborn, brave  punk-while he was deployed in Afghanistan. Initially, you thought that would simply entail visiting Steve at their apartment every day, to keep him company for an hour or two.
If only it were that simple. You had to be both friend and crude nurse to the frustratingly noble and courageous little bastard.
In the past couple of weeks, on more occasions than you care to count, Steve has come back to the apartment with bruises and a split lip from violent debacles with grade-A douchebags. Needless to say, you've become overly familiar with the stench of TCP, and are now tremendously dexterous with applying Steri-Strips to the multitude of cuts he acquires.
 
When you hear the sound of Steve's key scrabbling in the lock of the apartment door, you stand up and practically hurtle towards it. You tug it open, causing poor Steve to stagger forwards with his key still lodged in the lock. He nearly trips up, but you catch him by his bony shoulders, seizing hold of him.
"You're hurting me, [Your Name]!" He whines petulantly. You notice he doesn't meet your eyes, keeping his head down so you can't examine his face. You loosen your grip by a fraction.
"You've already been hurt, Steve! You got in another fight, didn't you?! For Christ's sake, Steve, why can't you just keep out of trouble?! A five minute walk! Five minutes! Couldn't you avoid getting yourself hurt for five fucking minutes?" You berate him rather fiercely, shaking his tiny body. When he raises his head to look at you, you feel your anger dissipate as guilt usurps it.
He has a small bruise beneath his right eye, and a bleeding cut on his lower lip. But it's not these, thankfully, minor wounds that make you relent. It's the rueful look in his beautiful, doe eyes.
"I'm sorry, [Your Name]..." He murmurs his apology, clearly regretful at having agitated you. You heave a sigh, because this little punk knows exactly how to tug at your heartstrings.
"Oh, Steve...I'm not angry at you. I was just-I was worried sick about you-" You tell him, your voice softening, "-you gotta stop getting into fights buddy. A guy like you...you could badly hurt a lot more easily. You're lucky you've only come away with bruises and cuts so far." You say, as tenderly as you can. Steve shrugs away from you, vexation plastering his beautiful face.
"Whaddya mean a 'guy like me'? What? A skinny guy? A weak guy? Is that what you mean?!" He demands, a flush creeping across his face. You can't help but notice how delicate his features are-his ripe, rose-bud lips, the azure pools of his eyes framed by dark blond lashes and the golden, silk crop of his nearly parted hair, all combined together amongst the slightly bony contours of his face. He's utterly delectable.
 
"Steve, you are a smaller guy-so you're at risk of being severely injured when you're getting into fights with big, knuckle-dragging meatheads! But don't you dare think for one second that makes you weak!" You say, realising you've unintentionally struck a nerve.
"I am weak, though. I'm a skinny runt who gets his butt handed to him." Steve's insecurities weighing heavy on his heart. You brush your thumb over his smooth cheek affectionately.
"Don't say that. You're not weak. " You insist. "Am I allowed to ask how it started?" You inquire after a brief pause.
"I ran into some guys. Said they'd seen you with me. Asked what a fine gal like you was doing with a runt like me. Then they made some...inappropriate comments about you. I got mad, told them to shut their traps and not say such disrespectful things. You can guess the rest." He explains.
"Stevie..." You sigh, drawing him in for a comforting hug. You retain composure externally, but internally, you're beaming with joy. Steve got protective over you! He stood up to a group of chauvenistic Neanderthals just to defend you. You fight the urge to press your lips against his in a heated embrace, and comb your fingers through his soft, fragrant hair as he wearily rests his head on your shoulder. His skinny body feels wonde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny!Steve
POV Second Person
Protective Steve Rogers
Adorable Steve Rogers
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
First Kiss
Author has unhealthy obsession with Steve Rogers
AU: Modern Day
Masturbation
Reader-Insert
Reader decides to show Steve the ropes...the 'hanky-panky' ropes
Smutty
Bathroom doors need not be closed
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Bucky & Reader Friendship
Sexual Content
Resolved Sexual Tension
Touching
Body exploration...if you know what I mean...
Nudity
Making Out
Vaginal Fingering
Self-Lubrication

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

