Chapter 1: A Fae Prince
    


Summary:

“When a new baby laughs for the first time a new fairy is born, and as there are always new babies there are always new fairies. They live in nests on the tops of trees, and the mauve ones are boys and the white ones are girls, and the blue ones are just little sillies who are not sure what they are.” -- J. M. Barrie, Peter & Wendy (1911)





Chapter Text

Chapter One. A Fae Prince

“When a new baby laughs for the first time a new fairy is born, and as there are always new babies there are always new fairies. They live in nests on the tops of trees, and the mauve ones are boys and the white ones are girls, and the blue ones are just little sillies who are not sure what they are.” -- J. M. Barrie, Peter & Wendy (1911)

 August 29th, 1980 --- Midgard, Great Britain, England, West Country, #8 Godric's Hollow 
“I don't like 'Harry'.” Lady Lillian Potter says abruptly during dinner one night.“Who?” Lord James Potter asks looking up from his beef wellington. James blinks owlishly then smiles fondly seeing his wife in a trance. Her emerald green eyes are glossed over and she's still fondly mumbling things like athletic, quick, and clever. She must be having another vision of their child’s future. He wishes, not for the first time, that he could watch them with her. All of her visions have been of a mischievous yet noble child with orderly shoulder-length raven hair and intelligent neon green eyes. Well, they have been since she saw that they are predestined to die at the end of a wand. They've come to terms with their fate as much as anyone can and have taken precautions to ensure their child’s future.“As a name.” Lillian clarifies coming out of her trance. “I don't like the name 'Harry' for our son,” she says before stabbing a forkful of her autumn salad.“When did we discover it was a boy?” James asks sitting down his silverware and looking to his pregnant wife bewildered and amused.“Just now,” Lillian says smiling with a wistful kind of fondness. “His laugh sounds less like chimes in the wind and more like bells in a storm”“Oh,” James says deciding that out of everything he's learned about Fae since discovering his wife is one that fact isn't so surprising. Still, it would have been a useful piece of information for the books to provide. “What brought this on? I mean-” James says raking his hands through his wild raven hair. “Why are we even considering the name ‘Harry’?”“Albus keeps pushing for us to name our firstborn 'Harry' even if our child ends up as a girl. I told him ‘No’ flat out. He’s still insistent though. You know how he is.” Lillian says before turning back to her dinner. The words ‘controlling’ and ‘egotistical’ go unsaid.James agrees with her. As she is six months pregnant and extremely temperamental he feels he needs to inform her of this fact. “That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. A future goblin King named 'Harry?'”“Precisely,” Lillian says disgusted with the thought. “Despite the wizards not knowing that fact they do know he will be a Lord of both Wizards and Muggles one day.”“You would think they would have more care or at least stay out of other people's business,” James says equally disgusted with the realization. That earns him a smile from his Lily flower and he relaxes enough to absentmindedly suggest a name. “If were going with H’s how about Haraldr.”Lillian’s fingers tighten around her knife. “No,” she growls glaring at him before sighing. “At least not- not just Haraldr. Perhaps for a first name, yes. Then we can call him Harry for short when we’re around Albus and his lot. In private we’ll call him Haraldr.”“By Potter family tradition he has to have my first name somewhere in there… how about a second middle name?” James asks absently wondering why deciding on a name is so difficult. Then he remembers  names have power, especially among those blessed with magic running through their veins. To make matters worse, he's suggesting primary human names. It's an unconscious decision but he's still at fault. His child won't be a human after all. His son will be a Fae. Eventually, his firstborn son will be the King of the Fae. He needs a name fitting of his station. “Why does he need a second middle name? Can't we just change his first name? He’s not even born yet. Nothing is decided.” Lillian argues.“No. You had a point about Albus. We need a name like Haraldr that we can use to trick him and his Order-of-the-Phoenix into thinking we're following their plans.”“Okay, so we need a second middle name to throw them off even further and keep with Fae tradition.” Thus Lord Potter and his wife Lady Potter, Prince and Princess of the Fae, argue well into the night about what is a suitable name for a Fae Prince. Lillian gives him a thorough lesson throughout dinner on what constitutes a proper Fae name. Afterward, James began searching through books full of proper Fae baby names. Meanwhile, Lillian vetoes those she disagrees with. Lillian likes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Jareth/Sarah Williams
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter

freeform: 
High Fantasy
Fae & Fairies
Creature Harry Potter
Identity Porn
Master of Death Harry Potter
Gringotts Wizarding Bank
Magical Realism
Family Drama
Independent Harry Potter
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Stalker Ginny Wealsey
Hermione Granger Bashing
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Don’t copy to another site
Time Travel Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Family Secrets
Harry Potter Does What He Wants (Harry Potter)
Fix-It
Gringotts Fix-It

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Jareth/Sarah Williams
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter

