Chapter 1: December 8
    


        Chapter by lim, Speranza


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 "Seriously, I think we should take a second look at Chicago," Bucky muttered, and Steve turned  away from the counter where he was making sandwiches to stare at him. Bucky was sprawled at the million dollar table staring down at his phone, the glossy flyer from the Brooklyn Historical Society beside his coffee cup.  Steve stretched over to look and saw that Bucky was frowning down at the exhibition's website, watching some black and white film footage that was playing over and over.

 "I don't see why it bugs you so much." Steve turned back to finish the sandwiches: roast beef and cheddar with spicy mustard.  "I certainly don't see anything to go running to Chicago over. It's really cold in Chicago, Buck. Besides," he added, turning with a plate in each hand, "the way the Cubs played this year? I'm just not up for rewarding that kind of behavior.“

 Bucky tossed his phone onto the table.  "Be serious," he said.
 "I
  
   am
  
  serious." Steve yanked out a chair, sat down, and took an enormous bite of his sandwich.  "What is this, the fourth Captain America show? The fifth?" he asked, still chewing. "The first thing they

   did

  was put together a Captain America show, starring me and forty chorus girls, and I had to stand there wearing the outfit.  At least now there's a dummy wearing the outfit."

 Bucky leaned back in his chair, arms crossed.  "Some
  
   other
  
  dummy, you mean."

 "Yeah, that's

   just

  what I mean: some
  
   other
  
  dummy."  Steve rolled his eyes. "I'm glad I've got you around. I was in danger of getting a fat head from all these honors and exhibitions."

 "Your fat head's exhibition-proof," Bucky said.  "But me, I'm not used to all this attention."

 "You were in the last show," Steve pointed out. "Best friend, Howling Commando, blah blah."

 "Yeah, but this is different," Bucky said. "I was in the background before, but now it's—front and center." He made to reach for his phone, then changed his mind and pushed it away. "It looks like they've pulled up photos of me as a kid, my parents, the old house. And then also…" and something about the scrape of Bucky's voice put Steve immediately on high alert, "they've got some Hydra stuff, artifacts, I don't even know what the fuck they have."

 Steve put down his sandwich. Bucky stared down at his hands, flexed his metal fingers.

 "Me in a glass case, in a glass case, in a glass case..." Bucky murmured, and then, abruptly shoving that mood away: "Not to mention pictures of me in the outfit, that whole disaster of a couple of years ago, the newspapers, and—well, at least we're pissing off all the historians."

 "Are you kidding? They

   love

  us," Steve said slowly.  "We're a boon to the textbook industry. They've had to rewrite 5th grade social studies like ten times. I had a kid come up to thank me when I was with the Avengers. Apparently I personally ruined the 2011 History Regents," and now Bucky's mouth was curving into a smile—good, that was good. Anything to chase the flickers of sadness from Bucky's face. It was an old, familiar helplessness Steve was grappling with, wanting to help Bucky Barnes and never quite knowing how. 

 He was still trying to think what to say when Bucky's phone rang and Bucky sighed and picked it up.  "Yeah?" Bucky listened, and then glanced at his watch and said, "Little early to start drinking, ain't it?"


   Natasha.
  
 That was good, too: that would be a distraction, but Bucky's expression was sharpening as he listened to whatever it was she was saying. "Okay," Bucky said warily. "Okay. If you say," and then he hung up and said, to Steve: "She wants to meet." Steve nodded cautiously at this. "She wants to talk. But she wants me to come out suited and armed—really armed, guns and everything." Bucky sighed and idly scratched at his thick, dark hair.  "So what the hell kind of conversation is that supposed to be?"

 Steve frowned. "Any idea what she's on about?"

 "No idea," Bucky said.  "But I guess I'm going to find out," and Steve would have told him to be careful, but it wasn't necessary: Bucky was always a hell of a lot more careful than

   he

  was.












Notes:

Thank you to Lim for patiently helping me get the Ken Burns effect on the BHS "Bucky" video! Premiere is hard!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Advent Calendar

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

