Work Text:
The first orgasm has Bucky’s toes curling, wave after wave of some of the most immense pleasure he has ever felt rippling through his body. It’s always like this with Steve though; he swears each orgasm is better than the last. With his head thrown back he can’t see the way Steve’s fingers look pumping in and out of his stretched-out hole, but fuck can he feel it, can feel the tips of them rub gently at his prostate, that little special spot inside of him. He’s panting wildly, back arched, body taught as he rides out the last of his orgasm and he manages to hear Steve’s voice, a purr of a noise.“Oh, so pretty, baby. Love makin’ you come, love watchin’ you come, all for me. Look at that,” and it makes Bucky smile gently, unable to avoid it with the state he’s in, gliding happily into that post-orgasmic bliss, stomach all sticky. His mind is perfectly fuzzy and his fingers unclench from the sheets beneath him, his legs falling to the bed from their previous position of wrapped around Steve’s waist.His second orgasm has Bucky wailing into the sheets, catching them between his teeth, tearing at them. His torso shakes at the force of it, vision whiting out around the edges as he continues to feel Steve’s tongue beat across and around and in his well-worked hole. That coupled with Steve’s large hand fisting at his cock is what made him shoot off in the first place. After his first orgasm there was little to no time before Steve was flipping him onto his stomach, grabbing and squeezing at his ass, pulling him up onto all fours. He had whined, knowing what the older man was going after but uncertain whether or not he would be able to do it.“Know you’re a sweet little whore for Daddy, Buck. Know I can get two more outta you easy,” Steve had said into the damp skin of his tailbone and all Bucky could do was whine helplessly. Sure enough he was easy for Steve and feeling his tongue and lips eat at his cunt made heat coil in his belly in no time. When he felt a sure fist on his cock it had him shouting, not sure whether he wanted to hump into that fist or shove his ass back onto Steve’s face. What a dilemma. He didn’t have long to think about it though because within a few minutes he was gasping out, “Daddy! Fuck, I…I’m gonna—!” Steve purred yet again, sweet and filthy words falling onto his back and his neck and his ear, wringing the orgasm from his worn body.His third orgasm took longer to get to. Bucky was more than sensitive, trembling all over. His head was fuzzy and it took him longer than normal to focus his eyes, uselessly sprawled out in the middle of the bed. His belly was messy with come, two of his loads catching on the hair and drying on the soft skin. It takes Steve rolling him over to realize that they aren’t done yet, that Steve wants more but he can’t want more, there’s no way. Bucky moans Steve’s name weakly, disbelief evident in his tone, and Steve is kissing up his chest, tongue flicking a nipple on his way up to his neck. Steve sucks on the hinge of Bucky’s jaw and fuck that’s the spot, makes his eyes roll back into his head as Steve pushes his thighs open wide.“Bein’ such a good boy for me, Buck, lettin’ me love on you like this. Blissed out and I haven’t even fucked you yet.” Steve’s voice sounds like a lullaby, slow and sweet, his voice like warm honey running down Bucky’s spine. He’s so sensitive, knows getting fucked after two orgasms is going to be a lot, but he wants to be good for Daddy, wants to give Daddy what he wants. Hearing Steve bite out the word “fucked” along with his thoughts make him spread his legs, lift his arms and grab onto the headboard behind him. “Fuck, sugar so good, wanna be inside of this sweet cunt,” Steve murmurs and he feels the head of his perfect thick, god so big, cock press against his slick hole and—Oh fuck.Bucky sobs into the air above him, back arching as he bears down on Steve’s cock as he works it inch by inch into his body and why did he think he didn’t need this? Bucky’s breaths are short gasps and all that grounds him is the tight grip Steve has on his ankles, spreading him open like the goddamn whore he is for Steve, he was right. Steve looks unearthly above Bucky, his body un-fucking-believable and big, and it makes Bucky feel so small and fragile and fuck he loves it so much, wants the older man to break him.Unintelligible noises are falling from Bucky’s mouth and he’s losing what control he has left on his body and mind, especially when Steve bottoms out and abruptly grabs the back of his knees and pushes them to his chest. And then Steve is there and he’s breathing hotly into Bucky’s mouth, telling him how much he loves Bucky and how beautiful he is and how much Steve loves fucking into his sweet little body. It makes Bucky’s entire lower half clench up, his grip on the headboard slats punishing, and Steve doesn’t even wait or ease into fucking, he’s fucking into Bucky hard and deep and mother fuck. Bucky can’t breathe, overwhelmed with the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Daddy Kink
Age Difference
Size Difference
Size Kink
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Dom/sub Undertones
Subspace
Overstimulation
Comeplay
Cell Phones
Established Relationship
Praise Kink
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Feminization
Explicit Sexual Content
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

