Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Day 1

Tony

(March 13)

He leaned back in his shop chair and scrubbed at his eyes. Page 36 on version 13 of the Accords done. "Run the changes J." He said, watching as the red marks on the digital page flickered and settled themselves into the document. He swiped to the next page and started to read. The lines blurred together, words jumping from sentence to sentence. "Fuck." He rubbed his aching eyes again. It did nothing to help.


With a groan, he leaned back again and closed his eyes. He had to be back tomorrow to defend this shit. He had to have the documents emailed by 8 a.m. to be ready for his own appearance at 10. He glanced at the clock. Twelve hours. It should be plenty of time. He knew from experience it wouldn't be. He threw back the last of the scotch in the glass sitting next to him.


How many fucking months had he listened to this being argued? It felt like an eternity. It had been a year and three maybe four months since he'd signed the original draft which had blown his life apart.


Six months ago Scott and Clint had finally gotten to go home. He'd fought for them, against Pepper's advice. 

If you fight for them it won't be long until everyone can come back.

 She'd warned him. Still, Clint and Scott both had kids, families. It wasn't fair for them to spend their lives apart. Not for this. And so after months of arguing they'd been pardoned, allowed to return home. They were still being monitored 24/7 but it was better than jail or even house arrest which were the original options.


Pepper had been right of course. She was always right. The document that floated before him added pardons to the two people he never wanted to see again. Their names seemed to jump out at him every time he read them. Steve Rogers and James 'Bucky' Barnes. The document further detailed their safe return to Avengers Compound. Together back under one roof. The man who killed his mother and the man who tried to kill him living just down the hall like nothing happened.


Panic clenched around his heart as he pushed down memories of the last time he'd seen the two men when they'd left to die alone in the cold. Friday had managed to call for help, to get him home. The two had been 'missing' ever since. He knew where they were, had even considered alerting the government of their safe haven in Wakanda but he hadn't. He'd stayed quiet. Steve had made his choice, loud and fucking clear. Maybe, just maybe, if he didn't bring them up the world could just forget them. Maybe he would never have to see them again. Steve's eyes as he'd slammed the shield into his chest. His heart had stuttered, the cold seeping into his armor--


"Sir, shutdown protocol will commence in ten minutes." Jarvis's voice cut into his thoughts. He forced himself forward, eyes back on the document. He should really disable that protocol. It wouldn't be hard. There was no longer an override code. Nothing to stop him. And yet he hadn't. Pepper had created the shutdown protocol when they were still together. It locked down his lab and projects if he went too long without eating or sleeping. Having it active, letting it drag him away from his work somehow felt almost like she was still there, almost as if he wasn't alone.


He'd seen it coming. He'd tried so hard to prevent the breakup but honestly, why would she have wanted to stay? He was a mess. Everyone in the world knew it. She could do so much better and in the end, she'd seen it too. She still ran SI operations. He was pretty sure death would be the only thing that stopped her from driving the company onwards and upwards.


Keeping it professional, talking to her as if nothing had ever even happened was thousands of times harder than the actual split. She had started blocking his number every night after business hours when he'd called her drunk one too many times. She ignored any messages he sent not explicitly about the business. Even messages asking if she was okay, or doing well, went unanswered. He'd seen her a week ago to sign some papers. She'd shut down anything he asked about her or her life. He'd see her again next week in a board meeting. She looked good. Happy. Happier than she ever looked with him. 


"Shutting down in one minute," Jarvis warned.


"Fucking shit!" He saved the changes, knowing that even if he didn't Jarvis would hold them. He stood and grabbed the empty old fashioned glass and stalking into the kitchen for something large enough to unlock his work.


The house was silent, his footsteps the only sound in the building. The lights flickered on as he moved from room to room. Rhodey would be out another seven months working with the UN. Nat was somewhere working for Fury. She would occasionally pop in between missions but that was getting less and less common. Vision and Wanda were out too, on vacation. 


He hoped it lasted indefinitely, hoped they broke their trackers and ran. Vision he'd miss, but having Wanda at the compound? There were 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Am I capable of writing anything that isn't a slow burn?
The answer is no...
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
playing fast and loose with Norse mythology
Past Abuse
Past Torture
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Oblivious Thor (Marvel)
Not really. He is smart. He just misses important things
Bless him he tries
Canon Divergence - Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Technically divergent before the end credit scenes
Eventual Fluff
Eventual Smut
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Not that he likes to talk about it
Tony Angst
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Steve is not a great guy in this
like at all
It's fairly background tho
Civil War Team Iron Man
Descriptions of past torture with warning tags
sequel coming
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Awesome Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure Background

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

