Chapter 1: Typical Morning
    




Chapter Text
“Mommy, wakey.”The corner of Natasha’s lips turn upward into a small smile when she hears that soft and melodious voice whisper in her ear. She wrinkles her nose when she feels a small hand tap her on the cheek, a small giggle following after. It’s silly, how, after days and days of experiencing the same thing over and over again, this simple act that wakes her up every morning still makes her heart flutter. Over time in her life, she had learned to never take things in life for granted, and this is for sure of the many things about the owner of the soft and small giggles that she will  never  learn to take for granted.“Mommy, wakey.” The little girl practically whines, laughter lacing in her small voice, just as Natasha pulls her small body closer to her, and she giggles just as Natasha starts pressing soft kisses on her face. Even without opening her eyes, Natasha can imagine her beautiful smile as she listens to her soft laughter.It’s the most wonderful thing to wake up to.Natasha opens her eyes as she pulls away from the little girl slowly, and the toddler falls back on the pillow beside her mother’s, grinning up at her. Natasha chuckles, pressing a soft kiss on the girl’s blonde hair.“What’s got my little girl up so early again?” she asks softly, smiling as the toddler laughs softly. She knows it's part of the routine, but she likes hearing her daughter say it for herself.“Doctors wake early!” the toddler exclaims, and Natasha grins.“You a doctor too, hm?” she asks, pressing a kiss on the girl’s cheek as she scoops her in her arms, cradling her close to her chest, and the little girl hums, leaning forward to rub her nose against her mother’s as Natasha smiles. “Gonna be a doctor like Mommy when you grow up?”“Yeah, yeah!” she responds excitedly, and Natasha chuckles, pressing another kiss on the tip of her nose.“Thank you for waking Mommy early.” she says softly.It’s not new—her little girl waking her up very early in the morning just in time for her to wake up for work, but she likes saying thank you nonetheless, if it’s something that would put a smile on her toddler’s face. She somehow serves as Natasha’s alarm clock, with Natasha waking up to her little girl’s whispers asking her to wake up just in time for her to prepare before her shift starts. It’s a hit and miss thing, as sometimes her little girl wakes her up too early for her liking and, God forbid,  other  times, her little girl wakes her up a little later than necessary (and she oversleeps which is totally Natasha's own fault) , while on other times, she wakes up earlier than her toddler. But even then, she doesn’t use an alarm clock, or doesn’t set an alarm in her phone to wake her up, because she  likes  it when her daughter’s voice is the first thing she hears, and her face is the first thing she sees when she wakes up.Besides, her little girl’s body clock adapts quickly too. They haven’t had a single early-slash-late waking stint in the last three weeks, all without an alarm clock, and she’s pretty damn proud of it.Natasha stretches, just as the little girl rolls of her mother’s arms and lays down on the bed as she stretches for herself too. When she gets up, the little girl extends her arms so her mother can pick her up, and they have breakfast together, just like any other typical morning routine. Natasha will make toast for herself, while she prepares the toddler’s bowl of cereals too. The toddler will babble about her dream and usually about her previous day in daycare too, and Natasha will listen attentively, ask questions and ask her daughter to continue too. They will eat breakfast together like that, Natasha with her cup of coffee and toast, and her toddler with her own bowl of cereal, over stories, laughter and affectionate cuddles and kisses usually initiated by the toddler to her mother.She’s sweet like that, and it makes Natasha’s mornings even brighter before it even officially starts.Natasha would bathe her, and they would play with the toddler’s rubber duckies and dolls in the tub, but she will be quick to remind the toddler that doctors should never be late, so even if they’re in the middle of their game with her daughter about to proceed to the climax of the story where the rubber ducky saves the princess doll, the little girl would obey her mother when she tells her that playtime is over. Her toddler is not a difficult one, even at two-and-a-half years old, she’s a smart little girl who understands and appreciates what her mother does for living. It's a bonus that she's pretty obedient too, which means life is less difficult for Natasha as a mother. And so Natasha would dry themselves, and dress up just in time to give them a half-hour travel time from her apartment to the hospital she works in, which is only really just a fifteen-minute drive, but she doesn’t like to rush.They would sing along to Disney songs requested by her daughter, as she sits in the back buckled in h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Eventual Romance
Family Drama
Alternate Universe - Medical
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Family Fluff
Team as Family
Slow Burn
Slow Build

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

