Chapter 1: Home (Part I)
    


Summary:

Bucky and Steve make a home together.





Chapter Text
 
 
 

November

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

“Hi, um— My name is Bucky? I’d like to make an appointment.”


“Certainly, Bucky. Is this the first time you and your partner are making an appointment with us?”


“Yes. First time.”


“Let me get you all set up first. Let’s start with your full name.”


“Sure. My first name is actually James, last name Barnes. My middle name is Buchanan. Like the president.”


“Date of birth?”


“March 10, 1991.”


“Secondary gender?”


“Oh— yeah. I’m uh. I’m an Omega.”


“Thank you, Mr. Barnes. Can you please give me your partner’s information?”


“Yeah, um. His name is Steve. He’s an Alpha.”


“Full name and date of birth?”


“Actually... is it okay if I don’t give that information? My partner’s kind of a public figure, and we just don’t want—”


“That’s perfectly fine, Mr. Barnes. We can stick with just ’Steve’. When you would like to come in?”


“The sooner, the better, I guess. Are you closed next week?”


“Only on Thursday for Thanksgiving, and the next day. We have an open appointment for two hours on Tuesday starting at 2:00 PM. Will that work?”


“Yeah, that’s… Hold on, let me check with my partner. Hey, Steve?”

 
----
 
The thing about being a real, breathing person and experiencing something that was nothing short of a cosmically-driven trauma alongside another real, breathing person (well, superperson) is that— for good or for bad, enormous or small— the life lived together changes.
 
They left the hospital on a Sunday in early October. Steve moved into Bucky’s apartment on Monday.
 
Objectively, the decision was almost certainly too much, too fast. Bucky was cognizant of that, and he knew Steve knew it just as well. Though they had already exchanged love declarations, they had still technically only been together for two months.
But none of that actually mattered to Bucky, because when Steve issued his steadfast (if not a little contrite) edict insisting that he just needed to be near Bucky (“I need to know that you’re okay, Buck—every night when you go to bed, every morning when you wake up”), Bucky immediately knew that every part of it felt right.
Fuck caution, and fuck moderation.
Because Bucky, for his part, just couldn’t pretend as though something absolutely world-bending hadn’t happened to their relationship in the wake of what he had taken to mentally calling ’The Heat Incident’. What even was supposed to happen when the foremost authorities in the field of mating science tell you that the measure of Compatibility between you and your still-brand-new Alpha boyfriend was so incredibly significant that it was—well—immeasurable? What else was there to do than to sink right back into their still-very-young relationship like any ‘normal’ couple, to spend every day doing what they could to learn each other more deeply, more intimately?
 
So Steve moved in and it was, all things considered, a burst of domestic bliss.
It wasn’t as though Steve hadn’t already been at Bucky’s apartment nearly every moment that he wasn’t off with the Avengers, since at least their fourth date. But now, Steve had gone from having a toothbrush and a few spare sweatpants at Bucky’s apartment to completely and wholly sharing a home with Bucky. Now— now, Bucky suddenly got to experience all of the little things that came with really living with a partner, intimacy and closeness on a wonderful new level. And Bucky was in love with each and every one of those little things— the littler, the better, even.
 
Like that one night, their first full week living together: they stood— in their bedroom— and Bucky tied Steve’s necktie for him about an hour before he had to head off to a press event. Bucky tied Steve’s necktie not because Steve couldn’t do it himself, but because Bucky just wanted, and because he could. And then he watched that beefy, blond adonis of a man slick back his hair before traipsing out onto the street looking murderously fuckable, and Bucky could stay back knowing that—at the end of that night? Steve Rogers was coming home to him.
There was the Thursday night of their second week together, when Bucky was up on his tip-toes in the kitchen and reaching with the full extent of his arms to grab a bowl from the top shelf, and Steve walked in. He saw Bucky’s struggle but didn’t grab the bowl for him, like Bucky had assumed he would; instead, Steve wordlessly wrapped his broad, enormous hands around Bucky’s hips and lifted him those last few inches—with about as much effort as it took Bucky to lift a sheet of paper—and allowed Bucky to grab the item himself. Then Steve set him down, gentle and effortless, pecking him on the cheek before filling up his glass of water and exiting back the way he came. The whole silent interaction left Bucky standing in the kitchen out of breath, rocking a bizarre semi and whispering an involuntary ‘fuck’ to himself, wondering how the hell he had missed just how int
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Freeform
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Engineer Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Smut
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Fake Science
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Bearded Steve Rogers
Twink Bucky Barnes
Size Difference
Protective Steve Rogers
Age Difference
kinda? Bucky is 24 Steve is 31
Size Kink
Scent Marking
Emotional Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Knotting
Wall Sex
Dirty Talk
Barebacking
Strength Kink
Felching
Possessive Sex
Overstimulation
Light Dom/sub
Semi-Public Sex
Anal Plug
Butt Plugs
Daddy Kink
Cabin Fic
Frottage
Kink Exploration
Intergluteal Sex
Come Marking
Kink Negotiation
Subspace
Aftercare
Christmas Fluff
Sugar Daddy Steve
Stomach Distension (A Little)
Nesting
this club has everything
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Primal Rut Steve
Heat-Drunk Bucky
Epilogue-Specific Consent Warnings - See Ch. 11 A/N
Happily Ever After
Soulmates
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

