Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter's looking around in his dad's room for a nice shirt to wear on his date with Harry tomorrow, when he finds a loose floorboard in a corner of the closet. The boy thinks he's stumbled on some secret treasure from their house's previous owner, especially when he finds a large wooden box once he jimmies out the wooden plank. But once he takes it out, he's disappointed by the label that says "RECEIPTS."He lifts the lid anyway, maybe he'll find out what his parents are buying him for his birthday next week, and his hand goes right to his mouth when he finds a dirty magazine right at the top. Peter rifles through the box, discovering DVDs, old VHS tapes, and vintage playboy magazines.His dick twitches every so often as he goes through them. There's a wide array of both genres and genders among Tony's porn collection. The only commonality is how hot it all is.When he reaches the bottom, Peter notices that there's actually a little more room; a false bottom in his father's box of shame. He shrugs, figuring there's nothing that could possibly be worse than discovering your dad is one kinky motherfucker. Peter feels around for the groove in the wood, and finally pulls out the hatch.There is something worse.At first, Peter thinks they're just candid photographs of some other teenager with brown hair and a slim body, in various positions and states of undress. But they're dated, all within the last two or three years. Plus, it's pretty easy to recognize your own damn birthmarks and imperfections.And he when he gets to the most recent one, dated last week, he has to bite his lip when he realizes that it's a picture of him making out with an older boy. Harry Osborn. For some fucked up reason, Peter's whole body lights up with arousal."Pete, are you in here?" He hears a voice call out. Before he can even think about putting the stuff away, Tony rounds the corner to look into his closet. "I already told you, I don't want you borrowing—" He cuts himself off when he notices the picture his son is holding."Oh," Tony says flatly, expression unreadable."Where's the camera in my room?" is Peter's first question. Not 'why' or 'what the fuck, dad' or perhaps just 'this is disgusting.' The scientific-minded kid that he is, Peter's more interested in the how than the actual reason, which makes Tony chuckle and visibly relax."Now, why on earth should I tell you that?" His dad replies in a low but unthreatening voice. "You're the one snooping around in my closet, after I told you not to borrow any of my shirts for your date." Peter scoffs."What, because you want me all for yourself?" Peter is far from dumb; the why is much less mystifying to him. He knows his dad has always been protective, almost possessive, even. "Don't think this makes me scared of you." Obviously it does, but Tony doesn't have to know that.Tony seems a little taken aback by how bold is son is, but he recovers quickly. "Oh, I don't doubt that, Pete," he responds in that same tone, now bordering on sultry. He steps into the doorway of the closet, approaching his son. "I never doubted your bravery, not for a second. I am curious why you're still here."Peter swallows. Why was he still there? He opts for playing dumb. "What—what do you mean?"Perhaps not that dumb.Tony snickers and closes the distance between them, hovering over his son. "Oh, you know," he says casually, hands in his pockets, "sitting in your parents' closet. With your old man's secret box of porn. Holding a picture of yourself kissing some closeted jock."Tony looks down at his son with a big smirk before adding, "Asking me how I took it and not threatening to tell your mother. Or at least the police." He shrugs, though the joke is lost on Peter."I...." There's no explanation. As clever as Peter is, his dad is just as smart, if not more so. "I don't know." Tony just laughs, though not unkindly."Oh, I think you do." One of his hands reaches down to cup his son's chin. "I think you're turned on by the idea of your dad watching you. I think you like it that I've been getting off to your slutty little antics. That I know what you look like when you come."Peter whimpers automatically and his dad smirks again. "That's...that's not true," he says, trying to look away. But Tony grips his chin harder so he can't."Don't lie to your father, Peter," he says in a stern tone. His dad never uses his full name unless he's really in trouble. "Do you need to me to spank you?"And doesn't that just make Peter even harder? Tony has been threatening to spank him since he was a little kid, but never followed through. "You...you wouldn't. Mom won't let you," he practically squeaks out. Peter hit puberty a while ago but his voice has somehow raised 3 octaves in the last 3 minutes."I think we've already established that you're not telling your mother about any of this. Let's go, up." Tony pulls Peter up by the scruff of his neck and the boy makes a cute, breathy sound as he gets to his feet."Can't
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Other(s)

freeform: 
Incest
Masochism
Blow Jobs
Rough Oral Sex
Breathplay
Light Bondage
Voyeurism
Father/Son Incest
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Extremely Dubious Consent
Size Kink
Peter is a Little Shit
peter parker is a slut
(why is that not a more common tag??)
Gaslighting
Underage - Freeform
Under-negotiated Kink
Consensual Underage Sex
Spanking
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Corporal Punishment
Bad Parenting
Dark Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
Coming Untouched
Multiple Orgasms
Coming In Pants
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
belt spanking
Aftercare
Mild Blood
(just in case anyone's super squeamish but it's not graphic)
Porn with Feelings
Hair-pulling

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Other(s)

