Work Text:
Tony woke up in a cold cell.A groan pulled itself from his sore throat and he coughed roughly at the hoarse sound. He winced at the light flickering on and off as his eyelids fluttered open. His body ached and he could already see the bruises that were taking shape under his clothes. Pushing himself up onto his elbows, he waited for his vision to adjust before assessing his predicament.He was chained. This was the first thing he noticed. The second was that he was cold. Glancing down, he could have sworn he had dressed himself in a suit that morning. His fancy clothes had been traded for a ratty pair of jeans and a long-sleeved shirt (he tried not to think about the fact that someone had changed him while he was unconscious); the shackles were loose enough around his wrists to prevent breaking into his skin yet also didn’t inhibit him rolling up his sleeves, which he did. He had socks and shoes on, which was a comfort since his feet definitely would not have been happy about the temperature in this place. He tested the restraints several times, but he was no Captain America. Getting out of this place would not be so easy as shattering his chains and bending the cell bars to get out.It wasn’t a single cell type deal. He was in one of eight cells. Each cage was about ten feet by ten feet, and roughly twelve feet high. None of them looked like they’d been used for a long time. His prison was situated at the leftmost corner, farthest from the door; instead of having three walls of bars, he only had two, the third exchanged for a cold concrete structure that definitely wasn’t good for his back. There was a walkway separating the cells, four on each side of the small walkway, with lights hanging about every three feet above it. Only two of the lights were working – one at the entrance of the room and one two cells down from Tony. However, there was a hole in the cell immediately to his left at the very top of the cell wall. Light was streaming in, falling across the old bars and making them shine. “Fantastic.” Tony scowled. He wondered who had kidnapped him this time and if they would be offering him money, holding him for ransom for money, or just threatening to kill him. It was always a tossup.Twisting his wrist, he discovered he didn’t have his watch, so calling for a suit or for help would be impossible in his current state. Fairly certain he had been in Moscow that morning for a conference, he tried to see if he still had his phone on him – Pepper would kill him if he didn’t have it during his meetings – but no such luck on that end either. As if his kidnapper was stupid enough to leave Tony Stark’s phone on his person when throwing him into a dark cell.Well, that wasn’t completely outrageous. They had kidnapped Iron Man, after all. They weren’t the brightest.He gave Rhodey and Cap five hours, ten at most.Lordie, he was starving. He wondered when that started. The cell next to him had a bowl, but it was broken in several places. He assumed it hadn’t been touched in centuries. Glancing around at the walls again, he thought they looked like pictures of castles. Stone laid over stone in a pattern to keep the fortifications together. If this place was as old as that bowl over there, then it would explain the gap letting the light through. He’d be falling apart too.Tony sighed, pushing himself into an upright position against the wall. His shoulders ached and he could really use someone to pop his back, but he’d manage. He hoped Pepper wasn’t insanely mad at him for skipping his meeting with their Russian colleagues. It wasn’t actually by choice this time.Oh, he was already bored. It took a giant group of heroes to defeat Thanos in like, ten minutes. How long did it take two war heroes to find one missing billionaire?The door at the end of the room was thrown open and Tony jumped.In strode a man decked out in full fur all the way down to his feet. He could have been a Viking if the black suit hadn’t clashed so spectacularly with that image. His dress shoes clicked against the stone floor as he strolled down the aisle to Tony’s cell. He had a strong jaw and dark brows to match his dark hair. His beard reminded Tony of a picture he had seen of Steve from when he was rogue. He would have called the man handsome if he hadn’t been chained against a wall in some unknown location with an uncertain view of his near future.“Good morning, Anthony,” the man’s voice was deep and rich, like the dwarf king from The Hobbit movies, and distinctly English. He fit right into Tony’s idea of this place being a castle. “I hope you slept well.”“Mornin’ Govnah,” Tony put on his worst English accent and grinned tightly. “Can’ say it’s the best I’ve ‘ad, but it’ll do.”The man raised one of those ebony brows. “Trying to insult your captor probably isn’t in your best interest, Anthony,” oh, he hated that. “But, then again, I didn’t expect you to be like most of my other hostages. You are an enigma.”“Thank you,” he replied through
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pain
Whump
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Irondad
spiderson
Pure Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
tony stark is a dad
Canon-Typical Violence
Torture
Dehumanization
Electrocution
Waterboarding
Death
Referenced depression
Suicide Attempt
Alternate Universe
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Lives
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

