Chapter 1





Chapter Text
You were tired, angry, and in a good amount of pain. You’d been strapped into what you were fairly certain used to be an electric chair in an abandoned Soviet prison somewhere near Minsk, and you were pissed off. It had been three days since you’d been taken captive, and it was your own stupid fault; Tony had declared the building clear of hostages but you’d just had to go back in, because you’d see children’s playthings in one of the unused rooms at the old hotel that had served as headquarters for the terrorist mob you were fighting and not one of the free hostages was a child.You did find the kid, though. An adorable green-eyed toddler with soft brown curls and a gummy smile, dressed in an adult’s dirty t-shirt and holding onto a scraggly rag doll. Apparently she was the terrorist group leader’s daughter, recently stolen from her mother’s home in Zhodzina; so while technically, Tony had been right and they had gotten all of the hostages out of the hotel, you had been just as right in identifying that there was a child present.It all worked out for the best; once the hostages were out, the team was going to step back and have local authorities handle the takedown. The last thing any of you would have wanted would have been for a little girl to get caught up in that sort of violence, so you counted it as a win -- except for the part where the baby’s father, who you were referring to exclusively as ‘Fucknut’, conked you on the back of the head with a fire extinguisher.Apparently one Avenger was a greater bargaining chip than thirty-seven senior citizens hijacked while on a bus trip to a folk music concert. You spit a mouthful of blood onto the dirty concrete floor, poking your tongue around your mouth to make sure the last blow hadn’t broken a tooth. Scabs and scars you could deal with; a visit to a dentist in your near future, you could not. Thankfully, you didn’t feel anything loose or jagged.“Keep hitting me like that, Fucknut, I dare you,” you grunted out with a glare. “When my friends get here and see me like this, you’re going to be lucky if you walk outta this place in one piece.”He leaned forward with an evil little grin and patted your swollen cheek meanly. “No one will find us here,” he told you. “We have all the time in the world to… play.”You turned your face away in disgust. “Jesus Christ, man. Ease up on the Axe. And maybe learn to brush your teeth. Fucking hell.”He growled and gave two quick punches to your ribs. “Shut that fucking mouth before I find something to shut it with,” he grunted.“Scratch that,” you said, panting. “When my friends get here -- and they will, Fucknut, they don’t call us in on your kinda bullshit for nothing, we’re the fucking best at what we do -- and they cut me loose? You won’t get out of here in one piece because I’m going to rip your fucking tongue out and shove it straight up your ass.”The communications earpiece that Fucknut and his compatriots (Dickhead, Asshole, and The Skinny Redheaded One, respectively) hadn’t found when they divested you of your weapons crackled to life suddenly, causing you to startle just slightly. You hadn’t needed to worry; Fucknut seemed to think he was the sole cause of your discomfort.“Language,” a gruff, acerbic voice scolded in your ear, accompanied by a symphony of muted laughter.“Oh for Christ’s sake, that was one time, and you weren’t even there to hear it Bucky!” Steve grumbled; you bit your sore cheek to keep from laughing.“Alright, play nice now children,” Tony called, sounding more amused than anything. “Okay, kid, give us an idea where you are in there, the place is built like a steel trap and I can’t see shit from up here.”“So what is this, like the execution chamber or what?” you asked loudly.Fucknut nodded. “Used to be,” he agreed, walking towards the heavy door when he heard a knock. The Skinny Redheaded One was standing there seeming very uncomfortable when the door opened, and you could swear that he almost looked remorseful. Whatever he was feeling, he clearly didn’t feel bad enough to shirk his duty, and handed over a large syringe filled with some clear yellow viscous-looking fluid.“Now let’s see if we can’t turn it into our own little love nest,” Fucknut told you with a grin. “What the fuck is in that needle?!” you asked, feeling the first real pangs of panic since you’d been taken. He only grinned and stabbed the needle into your arm. Bucky was the first to reach you and he didn’t notice it at all. Of course he didn’t; it hadn’t taken full effect and the room already reeked of blood and sweat and Axe Attract, which Fucknut seemed to use in lieu of shampoo, soap, toothpaste, and deodorant. Bucky, being Bucky, simply shoved your captor out of he way and tore open the leather straps they had used to bind you to the old electric chair.He nodded his head towards where Fucknut was swearing and getting to his feet.  “You wanna do your thing here or should I just shoot’im?”
You smiled. “Please,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes / Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Healing Sex
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Reader has a potty mouth
Mild Angst
Mildly Dubious Consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Imprinting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes / Reader

