Work Text:
Overprotection ‘R’ Us
(Or T-Minus Twenty Part Two) At twenty minutes to seven, doom knocks on Darcy’s door.She stands in her bedroom, showered, shaved, her hair curled and her make-up done, half in and half out of her favorite pair of jeans. Despite the blatant ogling Bucky engaged in prior to her feathered departure earlier that day, she doubts it’s him. Arriving this early clashed with his whole (allegedly reformed) bad boy aesthetic. Jane had already stopped by to simultaneously yell at and check up on Darcy after discovering the glittered disaster that was her lab. Maybe Thor then? But he didn’t knock on doors so much as wallop them, nearly reducing the pressed wood to weeping smithereens with each pound of his hand. Natasha was still out of town, Bruce would never willingly stop by (not after her somewhat chaotic decorating sense nearly prompted the Other Guy into making an appearance), and Darcy didn’t know Pepper well enough to expect an unannounced personal visit.So this leaves Darcy with three options, all of them equal in their potential for doom.Steve, Clint, or Tony.By now, she imagines Steve had informed Tony of his participation in their most holy of wars: the prank war. This could have induced Tony into already retaliating or at least to an epic bitchfest about how he didn’t know outsiders were welcome to their secret society, much less the elderly, and how he wasn’t going to be responsible if old man Rogers broke a hip or died from horrified shock at some of their more risqué shenanigans. Normally, Darcy would listen, one of the few who actually understood and enjoyed Tony’s mile-a-minute patter. But she doesn’t have time, not with Bucky and a date and some hot making-out (hopefully) imminent.Darcy put on her skinny jeans for a reason.With Clint, she hypothesizes two reasons for coming: further retaliation or potential reparation. She doubts further retaliation could result in anything more horrific than that afternoon’s affront to chickens and crafts, but she needs to avoid even the mildest of physical reprisals because, while Bucky had so far resembled the living form of sexual godhood in their two encounters, Darcy had either been a) swathed in ratty leggings and a sweater three sizes too large for her or b) been the heinous affront to chickens and crafts. She has to maintain her hot-rolled, lip-glossed perfection at least until his arrival in order to guarantee the desired making-out and perhaps future dates.If Clint came in peace, though, he came in friendship, and he came as the most well meaning yet nosiest and over-protective of big brothers, outstripping, at times, even Thor, and Darcy can’t predict how Clint would react to the knowledge of her date with Bucky. Either he’d go full-blown stalker and demand a play-by-play of their first kiss or he’d run to get his bow so he could interrogate the former Winter Soldier about his intentions, which were so clearly (and thankfully) lecherous that it could only end in fisticuffs and bloodshed between them.Two options also went hand in hand with Steve. Either nefarious scheming against Clint and Tony brought him here or the more worrisome option did- Steve as the over-protective big brother come to ask Darcy about her demented and libidinous intentions towards his recently rehabilitated and potentially still psychically fragile best friend. It’s times like these that Darcy wishes she lived in a normal apartment building. Then she could hightail it out a window or back door and carefully evade detection. Such a feat was impossible though in the Tower since Darcy was neither Spider-man nor one capable of flight. She supposes she could just stay quiet and hide and hope whoever it was goes away, but that made an encounter with Bucky that much more likely, and Darcy had had enough awkward encounters involving him this past week to last a lifetime. All future encounters with Bucky needed to be sassy and filled with sexual tension, whether resolved or unresolved, so whoever lurked outside her apartment needed to go away.Now.Sighing, she dons her jeans and grabs her shoes and purse to head for the door. There, she says, “Who is it?”“Clint.”Darcy clicks on the small screen by the door for the video feed. Clint holds pizza and beer in his hands, a sight that usually made Darcy do her happy dance but now makes her a little queasy because it signified option B, brother-friend, which she didn’t want to shut down, Clint really her friend, but that she had to, Bucky really hot.“I wanted to apologize,” Clint says now. “I may have, uh, gone a little overboard this afternoon.”“You think?” she says, donning her first shoe. “You dropped dicks on my head, Barton, and then made me walk down stairs. Do you know how traumatized I am?”He grimaces at that. “Technically, that was Tony—”“—who got involved because you told him about the glitter.”Clint sighs. “I didn’t tell him anything he didn’t already know. Who else would stuff glitter in his suit?”Darcy pul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Romance
Flirting
Sexual Tension
Humor
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

