Work Text:
[A/N: Troll!Charles, because of wtf are you doing james mcavoy's tumblr.  Depending on which 'verse you read, Max is Erik's original name.]I.The man waiting for them in the holding room was unaccountably tall, clean-shaven and lean, all sharp, long lines that made Charles' eyes walk appreciatively down the tight stretch of the black wool over broad shoulders to the fingers tapping on the armrest of the bolted chair, elegant like a pianist's, to the endless legs under the secured table, the hint of white socks under gray dress pants.A handsome cat, Charles thought, appreciatively, even as beside him, Raven whistled under her breath, and a flicker of rippling blue transformed her youthful, blonde maybe-schoolgirl favorite form into a coiffed, stacked skirt in a sleek tube of a black dress that was just shy of being work-appropriate.  Beside them, Agent MacTaggert merely rolled her eyes, though the greenhorn behind Charles flinched, his thoughts spiking briefly in panic.“Can I handle this one?” Raven asked Charles, hopefully.  “Pretty please.”“I let you handle the blonde kid last week,” Charles reminded her blithely, and his sister pouted at him.  Careful.  You're showing your age.Dip stick, Raven shot back, though she flickered back into her favorite form once MacTaggert began to unlock the door.All right, you can come in too, Charles relented a fraction.  But you'll owe me.I'll wear MacTaggert's form and do the mambo on a table in the cafeteria during lunch tomorrow, Raven shot back, the edge of her full lips curling into a secretive smirk.Deal. Charles beckoned at Raven, ignoring how MacTaggert raised her eyebrows, smirking at the swift bloody Xavier brats that he caught as he sauntered past her and into the holding room, slouching into the chair as Raven closed the door and folded her arms over the back of his seat.Handsome Cat Specimen arched an eyebrow at them, but remained silent as Charles tossed a passport on the table.  “What brings you to America, Herr Lehnsherr?”Lehnsherr stared at him thoughtfully for a moment, lifting his sharp, dark eyes to Raven, then glancing back down again.  “Business,” he said, with the faintest hint of an accent, unafraid.Let's go with 'on the money', Raven suggested, amusement already threaded thick in her mental tone, naming one of their favorite opening moves.Charles shifted his cheek to his palm, pressing his fingertips to his temple.  That nearly got us killed the last time.You mean with that nova cat? Don't be a candyass, he was nothing on the fire extinguisher. Raven retorted loftily.Only after you nearly broke his head open with it, Charles replied, though he obliged, reaching out, silent as a mouse.Lehnsherr's mind was focused and clear, ruthlessly organised, memories catalogued and compartmentalised, and it was easy to slip quietly in, slink into the recesses of his mind and pluck a name from the depths of it all.  “Business, Herr Lehnsherr? That requires a faked passport?”Lehnsherr frowned slightly at him.  “The passport is not faked.”“Your name is Max Eisenhardt, not Erik Lehnsherr,” Charles drawled.  “That's not what the passport says.”“That...” Lehnsherr's eyes had grown wide for a moment, then he leaned forward, long fingers curled into the armrests, white knuckled.  “How did you know that?”Charles couldn't help it – he grinned impishly, even as at a silent, murmured go, Raven shifted into Lehnsherr's form behind him, her voice growing deeper, into an exact copy of his accented baritone.  “How did you do that, Agent Xavier?”Lehnsherr was gaping at the both of them, shocked to utter silence, and the Xavier siblings exchanged brief, sidelong glances before bursting into laughter, all pure mischief and mayhem, and Charles laughed all the harder when Raven shifted into a copy of him, in his tailored open-collared shirt and his black suit, the black fingerless gloves, and said, in his voice, “I guess I'm just a special breed of special cat.”Charles made a visible effort to calm down, though mischief kept crinkling his mouth and his eyes at the edges. “I'm sorry to break it to you this way, Herr Lehnsherr, but you're not alone.”“We're not actually sorry,” Raven disagreed, still wearing his form, propped back behind his chair, chin cupped on the pads of smooth palms.“Well yes, but it's only polite to say that we are,” Charles lifted his left shoulder in a blithe shrug and allowed himself a neat, cynical curl to his lips.  “Your documentation checked out about fifteen minutes ago.  Welcome to the free world, Herr Lehnsherr.  I'll get some forms for you to sign, you can declare what you're here to do and where, we'll put a suit on your tail, and with any luck, you'll never have to see us again.”“What... why...” Lehnsherr took a deep breath.  “Who are you?”“Agents Xavier and Xavier, at your service, sir,” Charles pointed at himself, and then again at Raven-as-himself.  “CIA, Paranormals Directive.  That little trick you can do with metal forks and spoons? Ov
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Slash
alternative universe

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

