Chapter 1: Drax
    


Notes:
Drax and Peter.




Chapter Text

If there was one thing Peter loved about space travel, it was the fact that there were no limits to where one could go. No limits to what one can see.
Space was his.“We have been making hits at cold-ass places for two weeks!” Rocket complained from his bunk in the med bay, whiskers twitching as he let Gamora patch him up. Across him Peter sighed and cradled his midsection gingerly in his arms as beside him Drax was wrapping his left calf with a bandage with clinical accuracy. “We are going on leave. Effective immediately!”Okay, space used to be his, but now with four new roommates, space was, well, his and the newly-christened Guardians of the Galaxy.(“What a bunch of A-holes,” Denarian Saal had called them, and Peter couldn’t help but agree.)(Except for the fact that he was, admittedly, included in that “bunch of a-holes”, but he was far from being the nicest guy.)(He was, also, not 100% a dick.)“I know there’s a system that has planets way too close to its suns near this one.” Gamora commented offhandedly, and Rocket scoffed, whiskers twitching.“I sure as hell ain’t burning to a crisp either!” he argued, and beside him, Groot, a little bigger than the twigs he started off as, swayed in agreement.“You’re too damn picky, Rocket.” Peter complained—no, he did not fucking whine—as he leant back in the cot, resting his back against the wall of the med bay, shivering a little at the sudden cold at his back. “It’s too cold here.” He added for a moment, before continuing, “Let’s just fly somewhere nearby where we can thaw ourselves out. Any more cold and my fingers and dick might fall off.”Rocket snorted in laughter and Gamora smiled a little, but Drax frowned at this, and reached behind Peter to press his large hand against the Terran’s back, warm and solid, lifting him off the cold wall.“We cannot allow that to happen.” He said, tone authoritative yet concerned, and Peter blinked up at him, confused, but the warmth from Drax’s hand seeped through his jacket and into his stiff-cold back and he sighed contentedly as he leant back against it. “If you lose your fingers you will be unfit for battle, and should you lose your peni—”“Uh, Drax, buddy,” Peter spoke up, “Figure of speech.”Drax blinked at him. “But the cold causes loss of limb, correct?”“Yeah, but not my dick.” Peter snickered. “It’s a metaphor.”“… Metaphor.” Drax nodded. “I understand.”“Do you really?” Rocket snickered, nodding at Gamora as she moved away, finished with his bandages. “Well, anyway. I’m gonna go to bed and sleep off this pain in the ass ache. When I wake up, I wanna be somewhere warm.”Peter and Gamora shared a frown, as Rocket picked up Groot’s pot carefully before slowly ambling away, yawning. “I don’t really know where to go near here.” Peter admitted first, and Gamora sighed, frustrated.“Neither do I.”“I do.” Drax spoke up, and the two of them blinked at him, surprised. “My daughter once required a school visit to a planet near here that is warm enough.”Peter’s face lit up and he smashed himself against Drax’s arm, laughing. “Drax, buddy, I love you, man.”Gamora hid a chuckle behind her fist. “Figure of speech, Drax.”“Figure of speech.” Drax nodded, looking down at Peter making himself comfortable against his side. “… Peter?”“You’re warm.” He replied, matter-of-factly, draping over him feline-like, grinning. “And I’m freezing. Thanks for being a furnace.”“You mean you are grateful I am hot.”Peter’s laughter echoed off the walls and Gamora finally managed an undignified snort.

In the end Drax brought them to a planet with warm weather—if Peter had to compare it to anywhere on Earth, it would have to be somewhere in the Mediterranean.
Gratitude was high and heady with everyone as they all but scrambled off the Milano after securing a parking permit. Gamora went off to do her own thing while Groot and Rocket left not long after they did ‘hey, I’ve been here before,’ Rocket had claimed, ‘beaches longer than the eye could see, and A’askvarii everywhere on summer holiday’ and ‘the drinks at beach parties are great, though’.That left Peter with Drax, the two of them slowly walking along the beach barefoot, quiet for once, letting the ocean wind toss Peter’s jacket gently.“So, the beach.” Peter breathed in the scent of the ocean and smiled a little. “I’ve only been to one beach back when I was on Terra.”“As have I.” Drax replied. “This is the first and only beach I had been to.”Peter chuckled. “Did you have fun?”“Plenty.” Drax replied. “My daughter and I tried many things on the beach. Swimming, boating…”“Ice cream.” Peter chuckled, and Drax paused.“Iced cream?” he echoed, and Peter gaped at him.“You don’t know what ice cream is?” he asked, “That’s, like, the prerequisite to enjoying your time at the beach!”Drax looked at him blankly, but Peter shook his head. “C’mon, buddy, I’m totally fixing that myself.”

Gamora found Drax and Peter sitting at a beachside bench eating their own c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Drax the Destroyer/Peter Quill
Gamora/Peter Quill
Peter Quill/Rocket Raccoon
Groot/Peter Quill
Team/Peter Quill

freeform: 
Falling In Love
4+1 meme
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Humor
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Self-Hatred

fandom: 
Drax the Destroyer/Peter Quill
Gamora/Peter Quill
Peter Quill/Rocket Raccoon
Groot/Peter Quill
Team/Peter Quill

