Chapter 1





Chapter Text

1945

Sitting with his legs dangling over the edge of a steep cliff somewhere in the Alps, Steve Rogers hesitantly unclasps the buckles of the pack holding the entirety of Bucky Barnes’ meager worldly possessions. It’s been seventeen hours since the fall. One night. Sunlight is beginning to peek over the mountains, painting the sky with gold and pinks and purples that even a day earlier he might have gaped at in wonder, still in awe that so much color could exist, even though he’d had the serum for two years now. 
He really doesn’t care now. 
In fact, he’d give it all up in an instant and return to Brooklyn in his thin, sickly body, hurtling straight for death far before he was ready if it meant he would have Bucky back. 
He bites his lip until the iron taste of blood touches his tongue and glares at the pack he’s cursed to be the one to go through. “God dammit, Buck,” he whispers. The sunlight glints off the metal clasps as he flips the bag open. Right on top is a tin of Lucky Strike cigarettes, only two left in it. He holds it up to his nose, breathing in the scent that used to make him choke. It doesn’t anymore, he knows that logically. Has even partaken in sharing a few with his best friend after particularly rough missions. He’s never really developed a taste for them, but well. Bucky isn’t coming back. He will never have a use for these. With shaking hands he takes one, placing it between his lips and fumbling for the matches at the bottom of the tin. He strikes one against the rocky edge of the cliff, lighting the cigarette. 
Smoke scratches the back of his throat, coats his tongue in the bitter taste of tobacco. It tastes like Bucky- the way he smelled when he came home late at night after being out dancing. He hadn’t even smoked around Steve, ever, until the war. But dance halls, by nature, were full of the stuff. Every time Bucky would come home, the scent was clinging to him. His clothes, reeking of it when Steve did the wash; his skin, always so warm when he’d crawled into their little shared bed, slotting behind Steve as carefully as he could to not disturb his sleep. Except Bucky hadn’t known that Steve never went to sleep until he was home safe. 
He exhales a cloud of smoke, a harsh, heavy breath, and turns his attention back to the pack. 
There’s a canteen, half full of icy water. A stack of postcards and letters, tied together with twine, some from his parents and sister, some from Steve before they had reunited in Austria. Playing cards and a leather pouch of money. Bandages and Penicillin, a little kit with a pair of tweezers and a needle and thread to extract bullets and stitch up wounds, boxes of ammo, and an extra pair of socks with holes in both the heels. At the very bottom is a sealed envelope. Curious that it isn’t in the stack with the other letters. He picks it up and sets the pack beside him before flipping it over to see who it’s from. Except there’s no address, neither from sender or for who it should be sent to. Only To My Sweetheart written in Bucky’s looping script across the front, the ink blotted at the end. 
Steve flicks the butt of the burned out cigarette into the gorge. He traces his fingertips over the three words. Bucky had a sweetheart. And Steve hadn’t even known about her. It aches, deep in his chest, hand in hand with the dark emptiness trying to consume him. Bucky is gone. He’s gone and it’s Steve’s fault. He’ll never get the chance to ask about this sweetheart, this secret even from him. Never get to see Bucky blush or hear him sing her praises because clearly she’d been something special if he’d kept the secret that close to his heart. Fuck, he’ll never hear Bucky’s voice again. 
He hasn’t cried yet. 
It’s strange. When his mother had died, the world was numbed, like looking through a filthy window, only barely able to make out what was happening around him. He’s numb now too, but the world is as clear as ever. He can feel the icy wetness seeping through his pants from the snow. Can see the birds flitting through the trees all the way across the gorge. 
Bucky had told him a bit about Azzano, how after a while he couldn’t process the pain anymore while he was being tortured and though he could still feel it, it felt like it was apart from him in some way. This is like that, he thinks. This is the worst thing that he could possibly ever experience. 
Steve eyes the seal of the envelope. There’s no name on it and he hadn’t known Bucky had a steady girl at all. So surely Bucky had intended someone to read it so they knew who to send it to. He just can’t bring himself to open it. Bucky hadn’t wanted him to know, that much is clear. Perhaps he’ll give it to Peggy and she’ll be able to see to it that it gets to the person it’s intended for. But he won’t read it. Can’t. 
A hand settles on Steve’s shoulder and he jumps, crumpling the envelope in his grip. 
 “Cap,” Gabe Jones tightens his grip for a moment before releasing him. “Didn’t mean t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
POV Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Suicidal Thoughts
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Depression
Slow Burn
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers-centric
Self-Harm
Epilepsy
epileptic bucky
Depressed Steve Rogers
Touch-Starved
Smoking
Mutual Pining
Swing Dancing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

