Chapter 1





Chapter Text

    MWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMW

    Tony could practically feel the cameras watching him.
    

    Pepper had been a superstar beyond all words and a heartless tyrant at the same time. She had sworn not to tell a soul and whilst staying true to her word
    – as Tony always knew she would – it had been on the proviso that whatever had been going on between the genius and Norse God stopped.
    

    Done.
    

    Over.
    

    Finito.
    

    Tony hadn’t argued with her.
    

    After all, what was there to stop? Casual sex between two people who otherwise couldn’t stand each other, not really much to lose, was there?
    

    Pepper knew him too well. Far too well. To the extent that she didn’t trust his word on this matter in the least. Loki had become a drug, slipping in under
    his skin and making him desperate for the next hit. He couldn’t stand the guy, and yet missed him already. It was endlessly frustrating to not have another
    person around who could keep up with both his frustratingly quick mind, but also his glib, sarcastic view on life. Bruce was a good person to bounce ideas
    off of, but pestering him with banter was a seriously bad idea.
    

    And of course he missed how good they were together. Loki was quite easily the best lay he’d ever had – regardless of the fact that they hated each other
    and tried to kill one another when in any other situation.
    

    But no. Pepper had told him – in the coldest most emotionless voice he’d ever heard – that what-ever it was that had been going on, it was over. And
    because she didn’t trust him in the slightest when it came to his sex-drive there were now cameras in every room of the tower. Obviously she didn’t man
    them herself, but she’d put JARVIS onto the job and the AI had seemed to relish in its new role as Big Brother. Tony couldn’t so much as go take a piss
    without the inquisitive robot checking where he was. Thank God Pepper had at least not put a camera in his bathroom! That would have been the last straw.
    

    So this left him bored, somewhat lonely and very much sexually frustrated. Not the best frame of mind for Tony to be in.
    

    His best and easiest way of dealing with the irritation of being monitored like an animal was to hole up in his lab and work on more suit modifications. To
    be perfectly honest there was very little else he could really add to it or improve, but at the same time he was going stir crazy and needed the focus.
    

    It was as he was attempting to fine-tune a thruster in his right boot that a sudden tiny sound caught his attention.
    

    A sheet of paper next to him had moved slightly and when he stared at it suspiciously it rustled again, as if to hold his attention.
    

    Poltergeist activity?
    

    Then writing began scrawling across the blank surface. The script was angular and actually reminded Tony of the way someone would use the Western
    characters when they were more used to using an Asian alphabet. Or a runic alphabet…
    

    A smile began to crawl across his face as he surreptitiously read it.
    


        It appears that you are under house arrest, Stark.
        
    


    Tony snorted with laughter, then tried to quiet himself, well aware that the cameras had microphones and not wanting to alert JARVIS that anything was
    amiss. He casually scribbled on the notepad infront of him:
    


        Yeah, Pepper hasn’t told the others though. Are you invisible or projecting your magic?
        
    


    He fiddled with a loose wire whilst the reply was written, but had entirely lost interest in his project with the prospect of an interesting conversation.
    


        Ever the scientist. Yes, I’m invisible.
        
    


    Tony couldn’t help the fact that he almost jumped out of his skin as an unseen hand suddenly slipped into the back pocket of his jeans. There was a firm
    squeeze to his buttock and he smirked. However, as amusing as it was to pull the wool over JARVIS’ eyes it suddenly occurred to him that as well as visual,
    the AI also monitored heat signatures in the room – Pepper wasn’t stupid and knew what her boss was capable of. It did raise a few questions.
    


        How aren’t you setting of my heat signature alarms?
        
    


    There was an almost silent chuckle by his ear that he only just heard before the reply appeared infront of him:
    

I am a 
    God
    
        , Stark. Just assume that I researched the security measures that had been put in place and acted accordingly. If I can fool a human I can most
        certainly fool a machine.
        
    


    Tony snorted silently.
    

You are full of yourself, 
    God.
    

    The hand in his pocket squeezed again and he felt the heat go straight to his groin. Dear Lord was he some sort of horny teenager, desperate for sex no
    matter the partner?! That didn’t bear thinking about.
    

    Still, if the Go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki's Kids
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Family
BAMF Loki
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
The Author Regrets Nothing
mascara alert
Angst
Disfigurement
Mpreg
Character Death
Major character death - Freeform
but not really
Eventual Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

