Chapter 1: Prologue: Keeping Up With the Starks
    


Notes:
Edited: 1/29/2022




Chapter Text

 

The Compound – October 17, 2016 
Tony lingered by the door watching the car roll out of sight into the night. He sighed once it was gone.That had been an absolute fucking disaster.Peter should have come to the Compound and been amazed. Tony would breeze over an apology. He'd dazzle Peter and semi-bribe him with a new suit, and the kid would take up his offer for a position on the Avengers. They would brave the paparazzi flashes and he'd sign the Accords. Then Tony would have a new person to train, to fill in some of the holes left behind after the "Civil War".It was foolproof.Except it wasn't.Peter ignored Happy's summons, and honestly Tony couldn't blame the kid. Happy was difficult to get along with during the best of times, and the surly head of security hadn't made the best of impressions on Peter. Then Pepper found out about the reporters and flipped. Tony escaped the throng to find Peter, leaving Pepper to deal with the aftermath.Admittedly, not his best work.Finding Peter looking like death warmed over was hard. Apologizing? Even harder.But the look on Peter's face when Tony yelled at him the day of the ferry incident...Yeah, looking back on it Tony had been a fucking asshole.Which was not an easy conclusion to come to terms with. But reviewing the ferry's footage forced Tony to realize yeah, he'd been unreasonable. With shame in his veins, and a voice sounding suspiciously like Pepper in his ears, Tony knew exactly who he'd acted like.
Howard.
Which was the last person Tony wanted to act like.Especially when it came to kids.Sure, Peter made mistakes. Mistakes that nearly found him and several other people killed, but he was a kid. Doing his best with a situation orders of magnitude larger than he could reasonably help with. But this was a teen who'd jerry-rigged his first costume out of a jumpsuit and sneakers. Peter was tenacious, Tony knew that going in. Why would telling the kid off make him more likely to drop everything?It wouldn't, and didn't. And in the grand scheme of things, were Peter's mistakes any worse than the ones Tony made?Ignoring the kid and shunting him off to the side.Insulting Peter and projecting his own frustrations.Not paying attention...
He should have learned these lessons years ago. 
The final nail in the proverbial coffin was listening to the clip FRIDAY, with her growing sense of morals, replayed over and over again until Tony had to leave the room.
'Step aside and let the real heroes clean up the mess you left behind.'
Yep, he was a total asshole, not anything new, but against kids? Tony knew he screwed up and now it was his job to fix it.That feet dragging conclusion had been made Friday night.Before the call about the hi-jacked plane.The footage, the pictures, heck even the note Peter left was a scene straight out of Tony's nightmares. Both a PR and a personal one.News media cried for blood. Government officials wanted an explanation. SI stakeholders hounded his phone demanding proof everything was safe and secure.  And yet out of all those disasters, the realization of Peter being in the middle of a fight, without proper protection or backup, was what made Tony's heart drop into his stomach.Needless to say, a hands-off approach would not fly with this kid.The weekend descended into a flurry of cleanup crews, press releases, and chaos. Thankfully Tony thrived in chaos best. Behind the scenes, he made his decision for what to do about Peter.Tony should have known nothing ever went simple for him and his plans. When Tony arrived at the apartment, he half expected Peter to remain stubborn and kick him out. But Peter hadn't. He'd been humble about the apology. Bashful, even. It wasn't Tony's style when it came to feats of heroics but to each his own.And then, after a simple pat on the back caused the kid to flinch, the whole evening turned on its head. Again. Finding the crisscross of bandages across Peter's chest and the smattering of bruises underneath made every paternal instinct Tony had blare like sirens.Not that Peter…No. Tony couldn't think about Peter in those terms.Regardless, the kid should have never been hurt like that. Bundled in an oversized hoodie with sweatpants only further drove home this small child was wrapped up in things way over his head.But if taking the suit didn't work, Tony didn't know what would.A split-second decision, caused him to drag the kid to the Compound. And everything that followed made Tony want to bang his head on a table.The unplanned conversation with his wife further confirmed how much he overlooked the details of this project.Of course, Peter couldn't sign a contract. The kid wasn't even sixteen yet!Tony came off far too eager for the kid to be around more. Even when Peter made it clear he would have turned down Tony's offer regardless.Tony tried very hard to not think about the room he tricked out for a teenage boy in his quarter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker and Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones and Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Irondad
spiderson
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
We stan Ned Leeds
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker-centric
Family
Adventure
Mysteries
Politics
MJ subtle doesn't work
Miscommunication
Secrets
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Not Peter
mix of movies and comics
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
that doesn't happen
Peter and MJ being adorable
Fixing Relationships
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Depression
Nightmares
Anxiety
Wow this story got dark
Medical and Scientific Inaccuracies
I'm not smart
Just a writer
long fic
I'm not even gonna guess
Slow Burn
Genius Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter and MJ can dance
i will die on this hill
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Swearing
These are teens what did you expect

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker and Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones and Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

