Chapter 1: The Fall
    




Chapter Text
Peter:Peter held his breath, desperately hoping May would just pass out on the sofa like she’d done so many times before. But he knew that was impossible. Today was different. Today was the first anniversary of Ben’s death. The day Peter failed at protecting the only person in his life who had ever not used him as a punching bag. Except for Tony and Pepper, but Peter figured it was just a matter of time until he screwed up bad enough for them to realize he wasn’t worth their trouble. The door banged against the frame as May slammed it shut with enough force Peter could hear the wood splintering. His senses were going haywire, his body pumped full of adrenaline. He had no idea what May would do to him now that she had come back reeking of alcohol. She had found out a few hours ago that he was spiderman. When she saw Peter climb through the window with his suit on, she freaked. Slapped him, hard. But Peter could only be grateful that she was sober because if she had been drunk a slap would have been the least of his worries. She had gone off, leaving Peter locked in his room with no food, water, or access to the bathroom. That was seven hours ago.It was nearing five am when she finally came back, but Peter didn’t have a chance to be grateful he might finally be released, because as soon as the smell of vodka hit his sensitive nose he knew he was in for a world of pain. Peter held his breath as the locks on his door turned, one by one. May made no sound, which only served to put Peter more on edge. When she had been quiet in the past had been the times he had been hurt the worst. One time was so severe even she conceded to taking him to the hospital and telling the doctors he fell down a flight of stairs. May opened the door, the slow creek allowing the soft halo of living room light to outline her like a shadow. She looked to Peter in that moment like the Harbinger of his death.He wasn’t too far off. It was a good thing he was still wearing his suit under his clothes. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony:Tony had been on a working binge recently. He was looking for a way to make the suit more fully integrated with his AI system so that it could react to threats Tony himself couldn’t sense. It was not going great. He was on his 8th cup of coffee in two hours, and he was pretty sure even Dum-E had given up on him. Tony was pretty damn close to calling it a night and actually getting some sleep when Friday interrupted him. “Boss, I have called a suit as well as alerted First Responders. Peter Parker has sustained life threatening injuries. His vitals are dwindling. If he doesn’t receive care immediately, he will die.” The AI sounded as concerned as a coded consciousness could. Tony felt an immediate stab of panic run through him. The suit began to wrap around him before he even had a full chance to process what exactly was going on. Friday must have uploaded the coordinates to the suit because Tony was in too much shock to steer. He felt the beginning of a panic attack manifest itself, but he shoved it down until after he had made sure the kid would live. His kid would live.Fuck. Tony knew better than to get attached. It always ended in pain. But Peter, his underoos, had wormed his way into his heart and made Tony melt. He thought of Peter like a son. Not that he’d ever admit that. He would definitely screw Pete up just like Howard had screwed him up all those years ago. Besides, the kid had May. He definitely didn’t need Tony hanging around pretending to be someone important to him. Tony’s cheeks were wet with tears by the time he realized they were coming up near Peter’s apartment with May. Friday directed the suit between two buildings and into an alley. “Emergency ETA Fri?” he croaked. “4 Minutes Boss.”Tony stumbled around blearily, trying desperately to find any sign of his boy, his breathing only becoming quicker with every second he didn’t see him. Finally, Tony caught a flash of red out of the corner of his eye. He briefly prayed it was the suit and not Peter’s blood. He was wrong, of course he was wrong. He was never fucking right when it mattered. Tony ran to his kid, who looked so small and pale underneath the streetlights.
He knew he shouldn’t touch him in case he had a spinal injury, so he just focused on stroking his hand through Peter’s blood soaked curls. He sobbed silently as he took in the sight of one of the most important people in his life, broken against the pavement. Peter’s face was a bloodied mess, and Tony could already see a black eye developing. He was covered in cuts from shards of glass, a few of which were still embedded in his chest and arms. One of his wrists was definitely broken, and Tony was sure a few of his ribs must have been as well. But all of that paled in comparison to his right leg. It was an absolute mess. Tony was coming to the conclusion that Peter fell - or was pushed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dark May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Abuse
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Adoption
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Recovery
Established Relationship
Child Neglect
Amputation
Hospitals
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst with a Happy Ending
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

