Work Text:

Prologue
It had started off subtly.
“Hey Steve, I’ve got my hands full – can you grab that?”

“Christ Almighty, my neck’s stiff as hell; I think I pulled somethin’ while I was hauling that crate around earlier. Be a pal and rub it for me, would ya?”

“Edith’s expectin’ me to look nice, Stevie. So which should I go with – jacket or no jacket?”
It had always felt like his life was nothing but decision-making; what with work, taking out the dames, making ends meet all the time at home - Bucky was always expected to have the answers. That’s how society told him he needed to be. When he was at home, though, things were different. The second his shoes came off and that front door was closed, the only thing Bucky had always wanted was for someone to take care of him.Not ‘someone’, not really. Steve. Bucky wanted Steve to take care of him.Steve had been different back then; less skittish, less careful. Bucky supposes he could have just fessed up to Steve in the beginning and told him exactly what he’d wanted, but he’d been too much of a coward. Steve was always the only stable thing he’d ever had going for him and the idea of losing that because his best friend might have thought him a freak was enough to douse out the flames – enough, of course, that Bucky couldn’t bring himself to ever talk about it, but not enough to stop him from seeking it out completely.Steve felt he had more to prove back then, too. His need to overcompensate turned out to be Bucky’s greatest asset because it meant that Steve never looked too deeply into anything Bucky asked of him. Bucky needed Steve’s help opening a stubborn jar, even though that made little sense because Bucky was always far superior in physical strength than Steve could ever be? Nope, no problem – Steve only saw it as an opportunity to show his worth. Bucky couldn’t decide between shirts? Steve would somehow know better, even with his colour blindness. Bucky couldn’t seem to make them a single meal without needing Steve’s taste-test and approval before loading the plates with what little they scrounged up? All of that seemed perfectly normal.Steve had always made Bucky feel safe. Bucky had often thought – and still does – that he trusted his best friend better than he even trusted himself, and sometimes, it’d been so fucking hard not to have been able to just come right out and confess how much he adored that goddamned kid. Steve brought out this overwhelming need in Bucky to be looked after – something he could easily mask in the role-reversal they found themselves in in their day-to-day lives, what with Steve’s sickness and his body’s fragility.For months, Bucky would find excuses to ask Steve for his help with things… And somewhere along the line, without even having to be told, Steve had been able to put two and two together. Bucky should’ve known it would happen eventually; Steve’s clever and Bucky’s always been completely transparent to him, unable to hide anything for very long. And slowly, Steve had started reacting and giving Bucky more, just as subtly as Bucky had done to him.It would start with little things, like Steve crawling into Bucky’s cot if Bucky was having a hard time sleeping, and holding the older man to his front – even though Bucky was a good couple heads taller. Didn’t matter; Bucky would go pliant and relish in being the little spoon while Steve would bury his nose in Bucky’s hair and breathe softly against the back of his neck until Bucky was either falling asleep or fighting a raging hard-on.Steve would give his opinion on Bucky’s clothes – not an insistence, not at first anyways – before Bucky would even have to ask. It was fucked, really, the way that hearing what Steve preferred him in filled Bucky with so much relief that it bordered on physical pleasure. He’d never be able to shake the smile from his face while he got changed, knowing that he was putting on the pants, or the shirt, or the tie, or the shoes that Steve had inadvertently picked out.Then things had started to change. Bucky can’t recall exactly when that was – because it was certainly never something they’d spoken about leading up to it – but he will never forget the earliest memory he can trace it back to. It’d been when he had come home from a long day of work and actually did have a knot in his shoulder. They were past the point where Bucky needed to hint at what he wanted; somewhere along the way, there had been an unspoken agreement made that all Bucky had needed to do was sit at Steve’s feet and ask to get a massage.Sometimes, Steve made him wait, and Bucky didn’t know why, but those moments always made him achingly hard in his slacks – being denied what he wanted and knowing that he’d never argue Steve on it, not ever. He’d just wait patiently and hold off on his usual smart-ass remarks until the sweet, painful pressure of the blond’s fingers finally pressing into his spots of tension had him groaning under his breath; resonating all the way to his cock and m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Beads
Cock Rings
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Blow Jobs
BDSM
Spanking
Riding Crops
Safe Sane and Consensual
Aftercare
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
All the power goes to Bucky
He may be the sub but he's the one who made all this happen
Even BEFORE the war
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Kinks
Dirty Talk
Stucky Porn Prompt Challenge
Established Relationship
Vibrators
Warnings: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

