Chapter 1: The Mission
    




Chapter Text

December 16th, 1991 
 “Asset?”The voice brought him out of his daze, thoughts finally cleared and focused, pain falling away like a mask from someone else’s body. His cold eyes focused on the man before him. “Ready to comply,” came the hoarse rasp that always accompanied his awakenings. “Mission critical. Search and retrieve. First the serums and then the witnesses. I want them brought in alive.”He nodded his head affirmatively. This would be an easy task.“Mission marks?”The scientist smiled slowly exposing crooked and slightly yellowed teeth. “Howard and Maria Stark.” He waited to see if the name would spark any recognition but the Winter Soldier’s face was expressionless as always. “There is a son… Anthony. We are not concerned about him. Do not engage.”The assassin nodded in acknowledgement and stood, his restraints having finally been removed. His metal arm felt stiff and he rotated it around until he had full range of motion. He towered before the scientist but the man showed no visible fear aside from the quiet rise and fall of his throat as he gulped back a breath of air. “Mission launch time?”“Tonight. Prepare yourself.”The soldier nodded. He had his orders and he knew what he must do. Soon Howard and Maria Stark would be nothing but a ghost of a memory to the world. He needed to prepare. 
The short ride from the house and to SHIELD headquarters had mostly been silent and Howard knew enough that it meant he was in trouble. He stole glances across the car to his wife but she remained glued to the window, watching as small flakes of snow began to fall over the road. He reached out to take her hand but she didn't let his touch linger. She pulled away and rested her hands back in her lap and out of his reach. "Maria…" he sighed. This was not how their vacation was supposed to begin. Of course it also wasn't supposed to involve him transporting a possible trial replication of the super soldier serum either, but he had a job to do too. All he had to do was work now and he'd be free to shoot golf and spend time with his wife by the time their plane landed in the Bahamas. "It would be helpful to know what I've done so that I can begin to make amends for it and skip the sulking altogether," he offered in the darkness. It was difficult to discern her features in the dark, the only light coming from the street lamps brief flashes as they drove the winding road.  Howard had been married long enough however to instantly recognize that particular glare and upturned lip she leveled him with.It was about the boy.  It always seemed to be these days.  So, he waited, allowing her to gather her thoughts in the silence. Maria was never one to hold back long. He wracked his mind in the meantime of all his interactions with Tony since he'd returned from Europe on Friday. They'd exchanged a couple barbs and sarcastic comments but this was positively tame compared to how they normally got on. Neither of them had even raised their voices once. The next bend came across steeper and Howard adjusted his speed in the winter weather.  He didn't need them to get into a car accident on top of the already heavy atmosphere he found himself faced with."Would it kill you to say something kind to him, just once? It's Christmas," Maria exclaimed as if that was the answer to repairing the chasm between father and son. He resisted rolling his eyes knowing it would only make her more upset. Tony had always been a delicate subject between them. He was her baby, 21 years old and throwing toga parties behind their back or not.  She always saw him as that wide eyed baby boy she brought screaming into this world.  Howard used to be envious of their effortless connection. They always understood each other without words and yet Howard for all his genius couldn't even break through the defenses to his son who was so much like himself. He told himself it wasn't from lack of trying but he would be kidding himself. The best he could do was a half drunken confession on an 8mm Tony would probably never see. Or even want to see at this rate. He never was able to dwell on their relationship for too long. There was always something else he needed to do for Shield, some other invention that Obadiah was breathing down his neck about to create or a tip about the possible crash site of his long gone best friend, Steve Rogers. Tony fell away to the back burner more and more until Howard blinked and his son no longer wanted his attention. "What did you want me to say Maria?" He asked tiredly, the subject of his failed parenting sapping his energy. "Thank you Tony, for not making international headlines for the second time this year, the PR team appreciates the break? He's not a child anymore Maria. He needs to be preparing to be a CEO, not a Playgirl cover model."That had been a fun and unexpected month of damage control when that surprise magazine cover dropped to newsstands. "How many times do I have to tell you tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Howard Stark Lives
Maria Stark Lives
BAMF Maria Stark
BAMF Howard Stark
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Not tie in comic canon compliant
Howard Stark was not abusive
Neglectful and shit at communicating but he's trying to do better
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepperony - Freeform
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Protective Pepper Potts
Hydra Drama
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
father and son angst
Forgiveness has to be earned
Canon-Typical Violence
Vomiting
Non Graphic
minor torture

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

