Chapter 1: The boy from midtown
    




Chapter Text

 “We’re so sorry Peter…..I’m sure May’s in a better place now, tell us if you need anything alright?” 

 Peter was sick of hearing those words, knowing the adults only said that for the sake of it and wanted nothing to do with the now orphaned 15-year-old. Heck, they were all so reluctant to give him their phone numbers, how on earth was he going to reach out for help if he needed them? 

 He was a smart kid after all, being able to see past their pitiful expressions.  
----------------------------------------------------------------6 months since May passed,But to Peter, he could still remember the smell of fresh blood and wet asphalt, memories of May’s last moments etched in his head, almost as though the accident happened just yesterday. Reaching his hands into the backpack, Peter sneakily gave the medium-sized teddy bear a tight squeeze in an attempt to self soothe. Just a year ago, If someone told him that he would be bringing around a teddy bear ( given by one of May’s co-worker and being tossed to Peter because May didn’t want it) to school like a small child, he would have laughed in their face.But now, he was practically inseparable from the stuffed toy, growing increasingly emotionally dependant on it. Hoping that it would somehow, fill the parental void that was left behind with May’s passing.  Peter was always a tactile kid, he loved getting hugged or having May to brush his curls with her hand. Now that she was gone, he would often find himself rubbing the ears of Tuffy, feeling the soft fleece material against his fingers as he tries to calm himself down whenever he felt overwhelmed or when he missed Aunt May badly.Peter made sure to be careful though, he did not need any more nicknames and snide remarks on top of the ones already given to him over the school years. Knowing that he would never hear the end of it if flash ever finds out, spreading the news to the whole class that Peter Parker, was a man child. Some nights when he felt especially lonely, he wished he could hug Tuffy to bed, nuzzling it closely to his chest as he lulled into sleep. But he knew that wouldn’t happen for a long time, at least until he was out of the foster system. Mr and Mrs Wilson were a fairly nice couple, taking him in graciously despite having 8 other kids in their group home, they provided him with shelter, made sure he was well-fed and even let him continue schooling in Midtown high. Just that they were so caught up with their work and having to divide their attention to 9 kids, Peter never really got to receive the emotional support and love he needed so desperately to get through the difficult phase of mourning. And with 8 other kids living with him, it also meant that he had absolutely no privacy. The bathroom was the only place he truly got to be alone and it had almost become a routine where he would hug Tuffy tightly to his chest, sobbing and finally drenching his face in ice-cold water before heading out, not wanting any of the kids or the couple to find out that he was crying. Knowing that he could have ended up somewhere worse, Peter tried to make the best out of the situation and put as much effort as he could on his schoolwork, maintaining straight A’s, hanging out with Ned and occasionally bantering with MJ.To most people, Peter seemed like a reserved but otherwise healthy kid, seemingly gotten over his aunt’s death. Even Ned failed to realize how much he was deprived of love, affection and how difficult it was for Peter to maintain his usual cheerful demeanour.“Dude! you gotta sign up, they’d choose you for sure.”Peter’s train of thoughts was interrupted with a firm smack on his back, Ned grinned at him while pointing to the stack of envelopes left at Mr Harrington’s table.“Huh, what?” Peter gave a confused look, realizing that he had been zoning out throughout the lesson. “It’s the Stark internship, they’re accepting applications from all the STEM schools around New York. All you have to do is fill up the application package and hand it up to Mr Harrington by Monday. It’s only for the summer break next year and there’s a selection process followed by an interview though, and only 3 students would be taken in.” “I - I don’t know Ned, an internship just seems so daunting, besides, what would Mr Wilson think?” “Come on Peter, you’re the smartest friend I know. Technically you are the only friend I have, unless um, MJ wants to be counted in but - you get what I mean right? It’s their loss if they don’t pick you” Peter smiled at Ned’s rambling. Truthfully he did want the internship, after all, it was Stark industries, one of the richest and renowned company to exist. Even if it wasn’t a paid internship, this was probably the only chance for students like him to be allowed in their buildings. If Peter happened to be one of the lucky 3s, he would be surrounded with all the brilliant minds, both qualified and wealthy for the rest of his summer break. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Non-Consensual Spanking
Forced Relationship
Infantilism
Non-Consensual Infantilism
Kidnapping
Stockholm Syndrome
Emotional Manipulation
Non-Sexual Age Play
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Little Peter
Dark Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Corporal Punishment

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

