Chapter 1: Surprise Encounters - Mysterio and Deadpool
    




Chapter Text

Not a lot of things shock Deadpool. He sees his face in the mirror every morning, and that’s enough horror for anyone to become desensitised to anything. So when he walks past a shady alleyway at about three in the morning, whistling to himself as he plays snake on his flip phone, and he spies something out of the corner of his eye, he’s not prepared for the shock that hits his system.

His mouth falls open and his phone drops from his numbs fingers and he blinks once, twice, and rubs at his eyes.

The image doesn’t fade.

“What the fuck-a-roo,” he mutters. “Just got my brain regrown shiny and new yesterday. Can’t be that fucked already. There is no goddamn motherfucking way that I’m seeing this.”

Spidey’s bent over and braced against the dirty alley wall, mask pulled up over his nose and suit tugged down under his bootylicious bouncy bubble butt, and Mysterio is balls deep and giving Spidey what looks like the fucking of his life. Wade watches as his hips snap against Spidey’s ass, the dirty sound of skin slapping against skin and the wet squelch of Mysterio’s cock spearing into that juicy butt echoing down the alley. Spidey’s pretty pink mouth is gaping open and drooling, and the loveliest, most delicious sounds Wade has ever heard are falling from his lips. 

“Gotta be hallucinating,” Wade says to himself and keeps walking, ignoring the fact that his own dick has decided to go wakey wakey in his suit and is making walking a rather uncomfortable task. But those sounds don’t fade and he takes a step back, gaping down the alley to see Mysterio still holding Spidey’s small hips in his hands, jerking Spidey’s body forward with every hard thrust of his cock.

Spidey’s moans and gasps are growing louder, and he shifts his hands against the wall, turning his face to look back at Mysterio and catching sight of Wade in the process. The white lenses of his mask go wide and he makes a high, embarrassed sound that goes straight to Wade’s dick. 

“Beck, stop!” Spidey gasps, one of his hands flailing. But Mysterio keeps going, pounding into Spidey’s ass even faster as he turns his head and spots Wade at the entrance of the alley, standing there with his huge panda eyes and full chub in his suit.

“Wait your turn,” the ridiculously purple caped villain grunts, sweat shining across his forehead. Spidey whines and Mysterio turns back to him, one hand shoving Spidey’s head down so he’s not looking at Wade anymore. 

“Ohgodno,” Spidey gasps, but he keeps taking Mysterio’s cock like a champ, even as he whimpers and keens in embarrassment as Wade keeps watching, frozen only metres away. The filthy sounds fill his head and his eyes are glued to where Msyterio’s dick disappears and reappears from Spidey’s puffy pink hole, glistening with lube in the dim light.

Mysterio’s hips start to stutter and his breath hitches, and he buries himself to the hilt, letting out a long, deep groan as he empties into Spidey’s ass. Spidey makes a gorgeous sounding mewl and his entire body shivers, but Wade notices that his pretty cock, hard and red against his abs, doesn’t spill its own release. 

For a moment Mysterio just stands there, breathing heavily, before he pulls his cock out, wipes the lube and cum covering it over Spidey’s round ass and tucks it away back into his stupid green and gold suit. 

“Thanks for the fuck,” he says, smacks Spidey’s butt and bends over to scoop up his fishbowl from the ground. He walks past Wade as he fits it back over his head. “Hope you like sloppy seconds,” he says, and disappears down the street.

Spidey’s collapsed down the wall, kneeling with his suit stretched over his thighs and butt still exposed to the air. His face is turned towards Wade, his mouth open and panting. “Don’t look at me,” he whimpers, “please, oh god.”

He fumbles with his suit, trying to pull it back up, but fails, his hands too weak from the hard fucking he’d just been getting. His erection, still bobbing stubbornly in his lap, makes pulling up his suit even harder. 

“Baby boy,” Wade croaks, “my special, baby boy, I didn’t know you liked taking bareback cock.”

Spidey 

whimpers, 

still struggling with his suit. Wade takes pity on him and steps up next to him, bending down on a knee and reaching forward for the hem of the bottom half of Spidey’s suit. But instead of tugging it up he pulls it down further, mouth watering as he gets a close up look at Spidey’s wonderful, freshly fucked hole, cum dribbling out and down to his hairless balls. 

“Deadpool,” Spidey gasps, “what are you-!” He squeaks, full body jumping as Wade touches his puffy, wet rim, his hole twitching under Wade’s leather covered finger. 

“Fuck me,” Wade whispers, watching entranced as his finger easily sinks into Spidey’s warm, slick ass, still tight after Mysterio’s cock pounding him. This has to be a dream. An amazing, fucking 

hot 

and impossible drug fueled dream. Especially when Sp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Nathan Summers/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Nathan Summers
Peter Parker/Multiple Partners
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
dubcon
Sloppy Seconds
Caught in the Act
Slutty Peter Parker
Alley Sex
Public Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Cum Eating
Suit Sex
not gonna lie this is nasty
Read at Your Own Risk
Out of Character Peter
well he’s just a huge slut in this
desperate for some d
and wade is very willing to give it to him
Anal Sex
this tag list is a mess
god i hope posting this anonymously works
Anal Fingering
Cum Dumpster
Daddy Kink
Name Reveal
Wade calls peter his precious boy
I’m weak
Kinky
under negotiated kink
no beta we die like men
do you think i would send this to a poor unsuspecting beta?
Nosiree
Sorry about any typos
Spitroasting
Ass to Mouth
Humiliation
Blow Jobs
mouth to ass
Threesome - M/M/M
Dirty Talk
Unsafe Sex
Barebacking
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Gangbang
Double Penetration
peter getting fucked by strangers
kink club
Anal Plug
Anal toys
Somnophilia
Identity Reveal
Bottom Peter Parker
like really bottom Peter Parker
Wade and Peter are in a relationship
but Peter sleeps around and Wade is really into that
Nonmonogamous Relationship
well i mean they’re getting together???
theyll work their shit out eventually

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Nathan Summers/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Nathan Summers
Peter Parker/Multiple Partners
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Peter Parker

