Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He finds her wheezing in the corner and knows that a damp warehouse is no place for a child.  How he knows he does not know.  But he knows.He knows.  It is… still confounding. She is wheezing, hunched over, rocking back and forth.  She has dark skin and when she looks up at him with terror, he sees her eyes are dark, as well.  Her hair is matted and dirty, also dark.  Her clothes are stained and torn.  He immediately drops down beside her and murmurs nonsense, pulling her in close.   He did this, once.  Or something similar.  For someone who was small and frail, but still the strongest person he had ever known. He had known people, once.  Before. 
Wipe him.
No.  No more wipes.  No more cold. The little girl slowly calms, but her breath still sounds wrong.  She needs – medicine.  What kind?  “Th-thanks,” she mumbles into his chest, ear still pressed over his heart.What kind does not matter.  He will get them all. .She falls asleep tucked against him and he gently lays her down, wishing he could put his jacket over her but he needs it to hide the not-arm.  There is a drugstore five blocks away.  He does not know what the girl suffers from.  He does not know how medicine has changed – he does not remember what medicine used to be. (Fuck, but he’s useless.)Libraries contain information.  The sun set five hours ago; all libraries are closed. But the internet – he knows he has heard his various teams complain about the internet.  Everything is on the internet.  He must access the internet.  How?  The girl coughs in her sleep. He will find a way. .He returns with seven bags of different medications and a stolen “iphone.”  The girl wakes up as he settles next to her. “Do you know your illness?” he asks. To his relief, it is simply garden-variety asthma without any of the complications someone he knew once had.   He has more than enough medication for her. Once she can take a full breath, she holds out a hand.  “I’m Yasmin,” she says politely. He stares at her hand for a moment before gently taking it and carefully pumping up and down.  “I have no name,” he replies.  Your name is James Buchanan Barnes.  “You’ve gotta have a name,” she says, staring at him.  “Everyone’s got a name.”He shrugs without thinking about it, then pauses, wondering what a shrug means and why he did it.  “I have no name,” he repeats.  Yasmin climbs to her feet, using his shoulder to steady herself.  “I’ve got stuff over here,” she says.  “Maybe it’ll give us an idea for your name.” She heads further into the corner, towards a collection of things he had thought was just waste.  But it is in fact two bags, one a duffle and one a booksack, both stuffed to the brim with pointless items of no strategic value. “Here!” Yasmin shouts, pulling a tattered bear out of the duffle.  “Your name is Bucky, just like Bucky Bear!” “What,” he says. Who the hell is Bucky? Yasmin hurries to him, offering the bear.  “See?” she says.  He takes the bear carefully because, for whatever reason, it is clearly precious to her.  Nothing has ever been precious to him but he has seen others treat things as if they were.  The bear is old and worn down, with bare patches on both its belly and one of its feet.  Once, it had been brown but now it is more of a gray.  It has a mask drawn on its face with what looks like black marker.  “He’s not a real Bucky Bear,” Yasmin tells him.  “But Mama named him Bucky ages ago, back when she was little.  He’s a good bear.”  He nods, offering the bear back.  Yasmin gently takes it and wraps her arms around it.  “Do you like the name?” she asks.  “Only, you gotta have a name, you know?” “It will suffice,” Bucky says.  It is the correct thing to say because Yasmin’s face brightens and she straightens up. “You wanna have cereal?” she asks, turning back to her bags. Cereal?   He takes the small box she holds out and extracts a handful of – grains?  crackers?  he has no idea what they are.  She extracts another handful and they share the box back and forth until it all gone. Bucky resolves to examine her supplies and ascertain what she needs so that he can restock at the earliest opportunity.  .Children do not belong in warehouses.  Bucky knows this without knowing why.  He watches Yasmin pack her bags back up, gently tucking Bucky Bear at the very top of the booksack. He asks, “Why are you here instead of in a home?”  People have homes.  He knows this.  Whether it be an apartment, a house, or somewhere else – people have homes.  Children are people. Yasmin shrugs her shoulders.  “Mama couldn’t stay, so she left me with Uncle and I—”  She bites down on the words, turning away so that Bucky cannot see her face.  “I didn’t like living with Uncle,” she says.  “So I left, just like Mama.” Bucky studies her dirty and worn clothes, her ragged bags.  “How long have you been here?” he asks. She shrugs again.  “Awhile.” Bucky is not familiar with children.  “Define awhile.” “Like, two days,” she says, turning back around.  “I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Homelessness
Walkabout
Accidental Child Acquisition
Bucky Barnes is so tragic
Protective Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Healing
Families of Choice
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes being competent is both attractive and terrifying
Outside pov is my favorite
POV Outsider
Minor Character Death
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

