Work Text:
It’s nothing.
An itch, that’s all. 
Phil extends his leg, stretching his calf.  The movement helps.  He rolls his ankle and something deep inside of him relaxes.  The relief is only temporary, however.  The odd sensation returns the moment Phil stops moving his leg.  
Damn.  He must have fallen wrong.  The last guard had known more about hand-to-hand combat than Phil had anticipated.  He’d still won the fight, but he must have been injured.  Nothing serious, he’d climbed into the quinjet just fine after all, but still, something feels off.
“Are you okay, sir?” 
Phil looks up.  It’s Clint.  Phil would know that voice anywhere.  He’s replayed it to himself multiple times at night, despite how inappropriate that is. 
“I’m fine,” Phil says, automatically, but then stops.  No matter how much he wants to look good in front of an attractive omega, concealing injuries is never a good idea in the field.  “My leg feels tight,” he admits.  “I might have sprained something on our way out of the compound.”
Clint’s eyes soften in concern.  “Why don’t you sit in the back with Nat?  I’ll take over for the pilots and get us back to base faster than they would.”
Phil shakes his head.  “It’s nothing serious.”
Clint shrugs.  “I like to fly, sir, you know that.  It’s no trouble.  Sit in the back and rest your leg.  I’ll take it from here.”
Phil purses his lips, but Clint’s right.  It would be stupid to aggravate an injury, and besides, Phil likes it when Clint flies.  The airforce team is perfectly capable, but flying puts a gentle smile on Clint’s face that’s wholly different from the exuberant grin he gets when laughing or the corner-of-his-lips tick he has when he’s sitting in Phil’s office, telling stories.
Phil walks carefully to the back of the quinjet.  The movement settles him and, honestly, he doesn’t feel injured.  Shaky, maybe, a little stiff - there’s a fine tremor shivering under his skin that worsens when he sits down.  Okay, and maybe his heart rate is somewhat elevated and his breathing is quick, but it’s the need to move that eats at him.  Phil bounces his knee up and down.
“Sir?” Natasha asks.  She’s looking at his leg.
“I’m sorry,” Phil apologizes.  He stills himself with effort.  “It must be the adrenalin wearing off.”
Natasha hums thoughtfully.  “It was a fast op.”
“Too fast, maybe.”  They’d all been hoping for a quiet day to catch up on paperwork, and Phil has no problem admitting he’d been looking forward to that.  Clint and Natasha had mentioned maybe coming by his office to drop off their reports, and Phil had planned on having coffee ready for them.  It’s not only an alpha’s urge to please - he genuinely likes Clint and Natasha, and enjoys spending time with them.  
Unfortunately for his plans, Intelligence had gotten a lead on a new AIM base being set up in Columbia.  Strike Team Delta had been tasked with taking them out before their security protocols could be engaged.  They’d gone in two hours after being debriefed and had fought hard for forty-five minutes without pause.  Phil can still feel the sweat cooling on his skin.
“We secured the servers, sustained no injuries, and managed to get the drop on the bad guys for once,” Natasha reminds him.  “It’s normal to still be waiting for the other shoe to drop, but I think this one qualifies as a success, sir.”
“I think you’re right,” Phil admits.  He knee threatens to start bouncing again, but he stops it.  He just has to remind himself that the action is done.  “Clint’s taking over the controls.  We should be back in New York within the hour.”
Natasha arches an eyebrow at him.  It takes Phil a minute to realize why.
“I mean, Barton.  Sorry.”  He never refers to Clint by his first name on ops.  He must be feeling worse than he thought.  “I don’t know where my head is.”
“I could theorize for you,” Natasha teases.  
“That won’t be necessary.”
“Because I’m pretty sure it’s stuck up your ass.”  
Phil rolls his eyes.  “I got that, Agent.  Thank you.”
She purses her lips, which does nothing to conceal her smile.  “You should just suck it up and ask him out already.”
“Natasha,” Phil warns.  He likes her, but sometimes betas just don’t understand.  Thankfully, Clint has his pilot’s helmet on and is absorbed in his controls.  “Drop it.”
She laughs.  “I’m just saying.”
“Well, ‘just say’ in the privacy of your own head, please.  And while you’re at it, complete your after-action report before we land.  It’ll be a short flight, but I have confidence in your abilities.”  
Natasha, because she is twelve and has spent far too much time with Clint, sticks her tongue out at him before reaching for her pad.  Phil ignores her and focuses on his own report, completing the familiar fields with ease.  
He wishes it were as simple as asking Clint out for coffee.  He wishes there weren’t degrees of dominance and pecking order considerations and all the other things at play that continuously hold him back.
Clint is… Clint.  He’s a gorgeous, smart, funny omega who coul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
alpha!Phil
omega!Clint
Canon-Typical Violence
Dom/sub Undertones
Marking
unwanted sexual advances (not c/c)
pre-negotiated kinks

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

