Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Loki listened to Thor’s tale of yet another battle on Midgard with a mixture of exasperation and begrudging interest. It had started out the same boring way as all the others, but then it actually became intriguing. That the humans still had the scepter – and therefore the Mind Stone – was not news to him, of course, but this… This was different. If Thor was to be believed, they now had a being made with the Mind Stone. Remarkable. Loki would have to investigate this Vision more closely. The creature could be an ally against Thanos – or a dangerous adversary.It was also noteworthy that the humans had a sorceress – or something like it anyway. That, too, bore further examination.“Father?” Thor asked, after Loki had been silent for too long. It was a struggle not to roll his eyes. He couldn’t even think in peace anymore.At first, it had been fun pretending to be Odin and fooling Thor and all of Asgard. Now… Now it was just tiresome. Loki wished he could still trust Thor enough to tell him the truth. Unfortunately, that was nothing but a dream; he was alone, just as he had always been. Though his anger with Thor had abated somewhat, he knew his supposed brother would never trust him again. It made him sad.“Tell me more about this witch,” he commanded.When Thor got to the part where the witch gave him a vision of doom, Loki frowned. When he heard that the other Avengers had experienced something similar, Loki was even more confused.“This woman manipulated your mind and that of your shield brothers?” he asked.“Manipulated? No, I don’t think that’s what she did.”“Yet she made you see things.”“Aye.”“And she aided this Ultron creature in trying to kill you.”Thor frowned. “Yes. But later she and her brother stood with us against Ultron.”Well, of course they did, Loki thought. They would have died too if the planet had been destroyed. “And now she is an Avenger?” This time he phrased it as a question, since he wanted to be absolutely sure of the answer.“Steve believes she could be a great ally. Her power is impressive.”Impressive, Loki scoffed internally. She probably has no idea what real magic is. “So she has joined the team even though not that long ago she wanted you all dead.” Loki deadpanned. Were they really that stupid? He had never liked Rogers – too similar to Thor – but this… idiotic would be an understatement.“She was… misguided in her quest for revenge. The Captain believes she walks a different path now. A better path.”“I see.” Loki wasn’t sure the Captain was really that dumb, or if the witch was still somehow messing with his mind. Regardless, Thor seemed perfectly willing to give this stranger a second chance while he’d allowed Loki to rot in a cell for a lot less. How could any of them think this woman could be trusted? “What do Stark and Banner think of this?”“Banner left after the battle. I know not where he has gone, of whether he plans to return.” I wouldn’t either, if I were him, Loki thought. “Stark argued against Wanda’s inclusion.” Good to know one of them has sense. “But Steve and Lady Natasha believes he is irrational with guilt over Ultron.”“Why should he feel guilty?” Loki asked, wondering what nonsense Thor – no doubt echoing Rogers and Romanoff – was about to sprout now.“It was him who created Ultron by dabbling in powers beyond his understanding.”Loki had nothing to say to such an absurd statement. That Thor of all people would judge someone else as lacking understanding… Thor, who didn’t know the most basic principles of magic or the laws of the universe… The sheer arrogance was astonishing, but not surprising.“Tell me more about the witch’s powers.” Perhaps she had affected Thor mind more than the thunderer had realized.Thor described what he knew, which wasn’t much, of course.“She got her powers from the Mind Stone?”Thor nodded. “I am unsure how it was done, but that is what I was told.”“And she was able to control the population of a city to make them leave their homes behind?”“Aye.”Mind control. It sent shivers down Loki’s spine. He despised mind control and manipulation of any kind. This woman could not be allowed to roam free, no matter what Rogers thought.After dismissing Thor, Loki returned to his chambers to ponder what to do about the situation. The witch would have to be dealt with, obviously, but how? With Banner gone, Stark stepping back, Barton retired and Thor in Asgard, only the Captain and the Spider remained of the original team. New members had been added; the creature with the Mind Stone, a friend of Rogers’s, a friend of Stark’s and the witch. It did not seem like a good combination to Loki, not when Rogers and Romanoff were so quick to trust a woman with mind control powers. It would not do. When Thanos inevitably came, Midgard would have to be prepared to fight, so having the Avengers was a necessity. And they could not include a woman with such uncertain allegiance and morals.It took a few days for Loki to sort out the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not T'Challa Friendly
NaNo fic
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

