Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 The first day something felt wrong was a Tuesday. Peter and Ned were partnered on a worksheet in chemistry, and Peter raised his hand to ask Mr.Westworth to clarify something that had them both confused. The suave, well-built man came over and stood on Peter’s right. He was an ex-football player with a towering, bulky frame much to high for high school desks, so as Peter explained the question, Mr.Westworth leaned down to get a closer look at the problem he was pointing at. When he did so, the man’s large hand came to rest on Peter’s lower back. The hairs on Peter’s neck shot up, blaring warning signals at him. The student shifted in his seat and the hand came off, resting on the back of his chair instead. Ned didn’t seem to notice it, typing things into his calculator. After the teacher walked away, Peter staring at the retreating back carefully.“Dude, you good?” Ned nudged him when Peter didn’t answer his question. Peter snapped out of it, shaking his head. He was still getting used to the spider-sense, so it was probably just a random reaction to an unexpected touch.“Yeah. It’s nothing. Was just out late last night.”The next time was that Thursday during a lab. Peter mixed his chemicals the way he always did, stirring them together in the beaker. He felt, rather than heard, Mr.Westworth approach.“Parker,” Mr.Westworth tsked. “You’re stirring wrong.” Peter paused and looked up in confusion.“But- this is how I’ve always done it… You’ve never said anything before,” Peter said.“I must’ve just missed it. You got such a bright, beautiful brain, y’know? I assumed you’d already have it down. Here,” Mr.Westworth set a steadying hand on Peter’s shoulder while his other settled over the small hand on the stirring rod. Peter’s spider-sense simmered again, but Pete tried to shrug it off. Unless Mr.Westworth was secretly a villain like Vulture, there was no threat. He was just a teacher, and teachers tend to be pretty safe.Mr.Westworth moved their hands around, showing Peter to stir it slower, in more of a figure eight fashion (not that Peter had  ever  heard of that method). After the motion stopped, Peter still felt off, and he flexed his hand pointedly. It was subtle, but prompted Mr.Westworth’s hand to come off his, albeit lingering a little longer than necessary. Peter let out the tension in his shoulders. He stared at his beaker intently as the man moved on, trying to sort out the weird feeling in his stomach.On Friday, the school held an event for Peter’s grade. They rented out a small facility that had an arcade, trampoline gym, bull ride, and bowling alley. Peter and Ned started off on the trampolines, but Peter’s limbs itched with the effort of holding back his powers so much. He could so easily jump up and hit the wall if he wasn’t careful, and Peter was finding himself increasingly distracted. As a result, Ned and Peter hopped in line for the bull ride. MJ waited with them, although she had no intention of riding it herself.When Peter’s turn came, he found himself to be naturally good at riding the bull… probably because he lowkey just stuck to it. As the ride accelerated to try and buck him off, his hearing picked up a few voices.“Whoa. Look at Parker go.” Peter swore mentally. He was supposed to be weak and clumsy like he was before the bite. As Peter thought about the best way out of the situation, he momentarily stopped thinking about the bull. His weight lurched to the left, and Peter started to sink. Out of pure survival instincts, his hand squeezed the handle, pulling himself back up. However, with the mental survival panic and the bull swinging right, Peter pulled way too hard with his super-strength. He flew over the back of the bull he meant to land on, going past the safety foam. His face smacked into the wall and Peter crumbled to the ground. Fuck  , Peter thought to himself groggily. He tried to open his eyes but everything spun above him, and the prickling warnings of spider-sense buzzed in his body, so he closed them again.  Bit late there, Spidey-Sense… “Peter?!” Ned’s voice sounded distanced and warbled, but Peter felt the familiar hand on his bicep.“‘M okay,” Peter forced out. Hands helped him sit up, and he could taste blood around his lips.“He’s lucky his nose doesn’t look broken. Probably has a concussion though,” A man’s voice said. It sounded familiar, but Peter ignored it, just trying to stay upright. Sure, he healed fast, but he wasn’t invincible. He still took injuries the same way, and they still fucking  hurt .“Let’s get you cleaned up, dude,” Ned offered.“No,” The same male voice said. “There’s no need for you to lose your spot in line, Leeds. I’ll take care of him. Promise.”“You sure?”“Yeah.” A strong pair of arms wrapped around Peter’s waist, helping him to his feet. Everything was prickling and tingling, warning him of nothing in his disorientated state. Peter leaned heavily as they proceeded to the bathroom, one hand trying to quench the blood wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Teacher-Student Relationship
Blackmail
Frottage
Dubious Consent
Underage Rape/Non-con
heed the tags
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Bondage
oversensitivity
Vibrators
Cock Rings
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Begging
Implied/Referenced Incest
Milking
Fucking Machines
Dildos
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Dry Orgasm
No Refractory Period
Anal Play
Anal Fingering
In Public
Oral Sex
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Incestual Voyeurism
forced to fuck
Vaginal Sex
Condoms
Rough Sex
Gang Rape

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Female Character(s)

