Chapter 1: washed the spider out
    


Notes:
i didn’t write a proper ending lol

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“The mission went better than expected,” Sam murmured to Bucky and Steve who nodded their heads in agreement. Peter could only muster up enough energy for a tired smile, his head falling on Tony’s shoulder. Tony smiled fondly and wiped the blood from Peter’s temples, earning a displeasured hiss. He apologized quietly, knowing how sensitive the boy’s hearing was especially after being violated by the waves of bullets those Hydra agents shot at them. Half of the Avengers opted to stay at the Tower, though they were on call the minute the mission went off course. The only ones that chose to stay behind had been Vision, Thor, and Hawkeye, prepared the MedBay incase. Bruce insisted on running the quinjet while the rest had rushed the Hydra base, only willing to come out if it was a code green. Spider-Man, Falcon, Black Widow, Captain America and Scarlet Witch were instructed to defeat Hydra agents and then gather evidence for Nick Fury. Iron Man, the Winter Soldier and War Machine had been asked to evacuate civilians. It seemed odd to the teenager that Captain Rogers asked Tony to evacuate instead of him,  but he didn’t dare question the man. Peter, Captain Rogers and Agent Romanoff were the only ones left wearing their suits. Sam’s wings were discarded along with Tony’s newest suit, so at the moment everybody was relaxed. Except Peter, the tension built up behind his shoulders made him restless. The child soldiers he had seen along with Sam and Natasha made him freeze, their willingness to kill so easily left him distracted and with hands wrapped around his throat. He was glad that Tony was ordered to evacuate civilians nearby the small town in Kazakhstan, much to the billionaire’s distaste. Peter could still feel the tremors running down his spine when Natasha was forced to do more than just knock them out, but he and Sam averted their eyes and snatched as much evidence as they could. Files, pictures of stolen weapons and even a hard drive where they uploaded a lot more information onto. Natasha gave him a clap on the back when she saw the amount of evidence and nothing more. Peter didn’t take it to heart though, he knew how disheartened she was at the child soldiers. They surely had parents, someone who loved them, they were too young to be apart of such a thing, so he took their files. The least they could do was attempt to find their parents. The teenager rolled his shoulders and got up, eyeing the beige colored folders with the Hydra symbol in the top left corner and a white label. About seven or eight of them sat on top of another by Sam’s arm, one in Bucky’s metal hand. Peter took one gently, afraid of the information the folders held inside them. Sam looked at him and smiled softly. ”Good job today Webs,” Sam said, “You did great.” He knew that Sam was lying to him, his performance today had been sloppy. When those child soldiers cried out and began to ambush the trio, he froze. Sam also hesitated before rushing to disarm them (no way kill, not in front of the kid) but Peter would never hold him to that mistake. Instead Peter froze and ended up with large, purple and blue hand-shaped bruises along his neck. Main reason why he kept his suit on, he didn’t want to worry Tony. But he smiled with his split lip and nodded silently.  Child soldiers still had names, the one who had choked Peter was named Aiman apparently. The boy had no last name, later on named The Weaver. He didn’t understand any of the notes the Hydra agents took other than random bits of Russian here and there on the outskirts of the papers, so he closed the folders silently. ”Peter, let me see.” Sam said quietly, sparing a quick glance at Tony who was conversing with Steve. Peter sighed and pressed the spider symbol on his chest, half of his suit falling from his small frame. Bucky frowned at the amount of bruising along the boys neck but averted his eyes back to the folder. Sam brushed his fingers along the bruising lightly and Peter gulped down the aching feeling he got. The goosebumps on his arm rose which made the man frown at how cold the boy was.
“You’ll be alright,” Sam sighed but Peter already knew he had a concussion. Sure it would heal quicker than usual, but it didn’t mean it didn’t suck. Peter eventually put his suit back on, slipping on his mask to look at the footage Karen compiled for him but he still kneeled in front of Sam and Bucky.
“Peter, you seem to be having trouble breathing.” Karen stated, “Should I alert the medical staff in case?” ”No Karen,” Peter sighed, “How’s everybody back at the tower though?” ”FRIDAY says that they’re awaiting your arrival.” Karen said, but something was wrong with her voice. “There’s something attempting to interfere-“ Just as Peter gasped when Karen’s voice filtered out, a light blared above Miss Romanoff’s head. She glan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Hydra (Marvel)
Gun Violence
Blood and Injury
Anxiety
Suicidal Thoughts
Kidnapping
Graphic Description
Bi-Curiosity
First Kiss
Bulimia
Anorexia
Medical Inaccuracies
Attempted Sexual Assault
Blood and Violence
Torture
Waterboarding
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Broken Bones
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Non-Consensual Touching
Stabbing
Non-Consensual Bondage
Aftermath of Violence
Human Experimentation
Human Trafficking
Triggers
Branding
Head Injury
School Shootings
Peter Parker has PTSD
Gunshot Wounds

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

