Chapter 1: Asgard I
    




Chapter Text

 Part 1- Asgard 
 "I said, 'repeat yourself', Gatekeeper.""Odin," Frigga clutched at his arm. He covered her hands with his free one while keeping his eye fixed on Heimdall. Odin had given an order. He would be obeyed.The day had started out quietly enough. Odin shared the morning meal with Frigga and Thor while they exchanged pleasantries and chatted about their plans for the day. Afterwards, Odin took a long walk about the palace and the grounds, stopping here and there to look out over Asgard before he was due to meet with his counsellors. His council offered little by the way of news these days since they'd been cut off from the realms. And since Thor spent his mornings meeting with each of them privately to see if any held news that might upset the king.Thor thought Odin didn't know. He knew.Odin had mixed feeling regarding Thor's efforts. On the one hand, he was proud of Thor for stepping up and taking his responsibilities as Crown Prince seriously. He was forging his own relationships with the council and working to head off problems before they became matters due the attention of the king. They were worthy efforts. Thor was finally growing into the man Odin had long hoped he would be.On the other hand, Odin hated the thought of being glad-handled by his own son. The only thing that kept his temper in check over the matter was the knowledge Thor did it with the best of intentions. A son determined to lessen his father's burdens in the face of his struggles. And his grief.His daily walk through his halls had followed more or less than the same route for centuries up until a year ago. It was then Odin chose a different route at the end, one that now led down the hall which contained the private rooms of his son, Loki.Odin rarely had been inside the personal quarters of either of his sons. The family's private area of the palace was expansive. Each of them having halls that led to separate personal spaces branching away from the family's common rooms. It was in the common areas where they saw each most often. Thor and Loki, however, had always roamed freely in and out of each other's spaces, sometimes much to the other's dismay. The family saw each other most at meal times and sometimes in the evenings. Though seeing their sons in the evening had lessened over the years as the boys grew fonder of seeking company of their own choosing, rather than that of their parents. When Odin wanted to see one or both of his sons outside of the family times, he would send for them rather than seek them out.Odin walked down Loki's hall, stopping when he reached the main door. He reached out and pressed his hand against the door. He didn't go in. He never did. Not since the day following Loki's death. Even then as he walked through his son's living space, looking at his things, his clothes, Odin felt like an intruder. He couldn't bear it. He'd left and had not been back, not even to help Frigga and Thor as they chose which of Loki's things would be burned in his funeral boat in lieu of his body.He wondered if Frigga was already inside. If she was already seated in one of Loki's chairs, holding one of his remaining belongings and crying where no one would see her.Frigga thought Odin didn't know. He knew.He knew all too well the feeling of being adrift, of struggling with this strange feeling of being inadequate. A husband unable to comfort his wife. A king unable to manage his realm.A father unable to find the words to save his son from falling.
No, Loki.
Two words. Such simple words. Words he'd likely said a thousand times over Loki's lifetime."No, Loki, do not touch that, it's very sharp.""No, Loki, you are too young to go to Alfheim for a year by yourself.""No, Loki, I do not think keeping a bilgesnipe in the palace as a pet is a fine idea."
No, Loki. Do not fall away somewhere I cannot catch you.
Two words. Two words he heard every night when he closed his eye to sleep. Two words he heard over and over in his dreams. Two words still ringing through his head each time he awoke with a gasp and the knowledge his son was dead.And then Heimdall appeared with news.It was late in the afternoon and Odin was in the King's Hall hearing petitions from the people when Heimdall suddenly appeared. That in itself was an oddity. Heimdall rarely attended the king except at Odin's request and Odin had not sent for him. More oddly was the sight of the king's watchman running through the hall towards the throne. The sight so unexpected and bizarre Odin's guards made moves to take up a protective stance around the king. Citizens and courtiers gasped and shouted as Heimdall dodged around them in his flight.Odin stood. He waved his guards to their normal posts and calmly awaited Heimdall's approach.Upon reaching the king Heimdall went down on one knee, clenching his fist to his heart. He bowed his head. "My liege, I bring you news of a most urgent matter. I beg a private audience with you at once.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Odin
Loki & Thor
Frigga/Odin
Frigga & Loki
Odin & Thor

freeform: 
Drama
Family Drama
Angst
Loki Has Issues
Odin's Parenting
Odin tries
everybody has angst
and so much anger
Unreliable narrators abound
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant

fandom: 
Loki & Odin
Loki & Thor
Frigga/Odin
Frigga & Loki
Odin & Thor

