Chapter 1





Chapter Text

(f anyone cares the Title is from this cover of THIS SONG)
***************“To Peter, who managed to not only expose a terrible corporation for it’s greed and lack of morals, but also managed to shake Tony Stark’s hand without melting into a puddle of fan boy goo–” “Harry!.” Peter pinched the Alpha in the side and Harry oophed theatrically. “Either give me a proper toast or shut the hell up!” “I got one, I got one.” Gwen stood and raised her wine glass. “To Peter, who literally changed the world with his expose on Hammer Tech, and proved that the little guy can and does make a difference.” Peter rolled his eyes over the little guy comment but raised his drink anyway, and Gwen blew the Omega a kiss. “We are really proud of you Pete. Way to get famous.” “Way to get famous!” Johnny cheered and clanked his cup with Peter. “Also? Way to land that hell of a check. How many zeroes were on that thing?” “I counted three before the decimal.” Mary Jane tucked a strand of red hair behind her ear and leaned close for a quick kiss on Peter’s cheek. “Way to go, Tiger. Taking on powerful corporations, writing inflammatory exposes and catching the attention of Tony Stark? Not bad for a punky kid from Queens.” “It’s not bad.” Peter echoed, tugging the other Omega in for a one sided hug. “And meeting Tony Stark was pretty amazing, even though I think half the reason he gave me the grant was to rub it in Hammer’s face. Apparently those two hate each other.” “Look at that.” Johnny drawled. “The rich and famous are just like us , they have petty rivalries and everything.” “Hey, if their petty rivalries mean Peter doesn’t have to pay rent for the next year, then keep the bullshit coming!” Gwen decided loudly and Mary Jane murmured an agreeable, “I’ll drink to that.” “Was it really enough to pay your rent, Pete?” Harry raised his eyebrows. “All because of your story?” “Mr. Stark said something about how I couldn’t focus on saving the world if I was worried about my rent.” Peter shrugged off his friend’s wide eyed disbelief. “So he cut me a check from the Stark Foundation and told me to keep searching for the truth. And now–” despite his attempt at modesty, Peter’s smile stretched wide. “And now I’m not worried about my rent.” “So I’m thinking you and I should be roomies now since I would love to not pay rent for a year.” Gwen chimed in and Johnny snorted a laugh. “But let’s circle back to that later, because I found you something amazing when I was out thrift store shopping and this seems like a wildly inappropriate time to give it you, so here we go.” Peter shot a curious and maybe suspicious glance towards the usually prank happy Alpha, and tore the wrapping off the box while Harry protested, “I didn’t know we were supposed to bring congratulatory gifts tonight! That’s not fair, way to show us all up, Gwen!” “Well Har, I’d say give Pete a chunk of those famous Osborn millions, but I think he’s got the money part covered now.” Johnny leaned back in his chair and cocked his head in a clear challenge to the Alpha. “Which means you got nothing to give him, don’t it? Nothing to offer the Omega at all.” “And what exactly are you gonna give him?” Harry retorted, and Johnny bared his teeth as he replied, “Well a kiss, of course. Exactly what every Omega wants from a good lookin’ Alpha.” “Giving something I can get anytime isn’t really a present.” Peter deadpanned and Mary Jane giggled at Johnny’s affronted expression. “You give away kisses like you’re going out of business, Johnny. No Omega wants kisses that cheap.” “Brat.” Johnny huffed, scowling when Harry chuckled at Peter’s sass. “You’re just irritated you didn’t think of it, Harry. Gwen got Pete a present, I’m offering to give him kisses, so you’re the only Alpha around that doesn’t think enough of Pete to treat him well.” Harry’s lip curled in a snarl and Johnny echoed with one of his own, and just as Peter started to look annoyed, MJ cleared her throat and announced, “Boys! Alphas who act like knot heads won’t be invited to any more parties!” “Yeah, cut it out.” Gwen gave each of the other Alpha’s a swift kick beneath the table and scowled at them. “Stop ruining Pete’s big day.” “… sorry, Pete.” Harry deflated first, Johnny’s muttered apology coming next. “Sorry. Open your present and we’ll behave.” “Thanks.” Peter gave each Alpha a sweet smile, and went back to his present, quietly and wholeheartedly grateful for things like scent blockers. Nothing was worse for an Omega than getting a nose ful of hormone heavy Alpha scent, and today of all days, Peter didn’t want to play patient with a couple of jealous, horny Alphas. Usually Johnny and Harry were low key about their interest, but lately Johnny’s jokes had skewed towards sexual and intimate while Harry’s friendly protectiveness was inching towards possessive and Peter really just––oh God, he really just didn’t want any part of it. 
No thank you.
“Oh my god.” Attention diverted from the Alphas by his p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Reporter Peter Parker
Cable - Freeform
Mutants
Soulmates
Soulbonds
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Eventual Smut
Heavy Angst
Fluff and Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Scarred Wade Wilson
Logan/Clint
Winged Clint Barton
Bea & Arthur (Deadpool)
Hank Pym - Freeform
Dubious Science
Because it's time travel
Domestic Bliss
Falling In Love
Love Confessions
Bonding
Domestic Fluff
First Kisses
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Protective Wade Wilson
Slow Romance
Hurt Wade Wilson
Scared Peter Parker
Temporary Character Death
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Demisexual Peter
Canon Typical Violence
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Hurt Peter Parker
Venom Symbiote Takes Care of Eddie Brock
Separations
Mate Sickness
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Grief
Bad Coping Skills
Reunion
Mating Bond
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

