Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Sex is great. Tony fucking loves sex. America's media can attest to that. It's the aftermath- the sort of downward spiral- that Tony hates. When the condom's off, the sweat is cooling, the muscles beginning to ache and the buzz wearing off... that's what Tony hates. Usually Tony's drunk, though, so he falls asleep only to wake up at ass o'clock and scuttle off to his workshop, working through his hangover with copious amounts of coffee and science binges. Back before their disastrous relationship, Pepper would kick out whatever beautiful person Tony had managed to talk into occupying his bed. Now JARVIS alerts Steve or Natasha or some other Avenger to the hapless person wandering around Tony's penthouse, and they walk the girl or guy or other out.Hmm...Well, this time Tony can't do any of that. He isn't drunk, for one, so there'll be no passing out for him. In fact, he hasn't had a drink all day. Weird. Also, the person currently occupying his bed is a former prince who was once hell-bent on global domination; someone who's hurt Tony and his team mates countless times in battles that Tony refuses to admit are awesome fun. Well, not aloud, anyway.So, yes, no calling Steve or Natasha. They'll probably murder him. Torture him first, in Natasha's case. Actually, Steve will most likely give Tony that sad pout/disappointed look that's really fucking effective and makes Tony feel about three-years-old.Also, no condom. Apparently gods can't contract human diseases. Small mercies.'So...' Tony hums into the quiet of the room. He turns, glances at his bedmate, who's looking far too satisfied with himself. He should be, Tony thinks. Tony's ass is gonna be sore for fucking days. 'What now?' Tony asks.Loki hums slightly and shifts on the bed. They didn't get as far as pulling back the blankets, only ripping off clothes and tossing them aside. Tony still remembers how ridiculously gorgeous Loki looked in tight black jeans. 'I believe that you should rest, Stark,' Loki eventually says. 'I understand that you humans have weak stamina, and I want you to pleasure me again in half-an-hour. So sleep while you can, then I'll ride you into the bedding.'Tony moans. Can you fucking blame him? Okay, so Loki's a super villain who likes throwing daggers and magic at people- Tony included- but he's also super fucking hot with legs and an ass to die for. Tony wants in that ass. Wants to bite it. Slap it. Maybe lick it. He's not about to turn that down!'Right,' Tony says. 'So you have no plans on stabbing me until that happens?'Loki chuckles and rolls over, showing off all that smooth, creamy skin, only faint bruises marring his shoulders from where Tony had clung on desperately. And even those are fading, right before Tony's eyes.'I have no plans to slay you any time soon, Stark,' Loki said. 'You heroes are amusing, and you're rather good in bed.'Tony's chest puffs out. Shut up, he's damn proud of his skills!'I wish to have you again,' Loki states. 'And again, and again. I'll stop when I've had enough.''What about when I've had enough?' Tony asks.Loki raises a perfectly manicured eyebrow, and Tony wonders if that's natural or if Loki gets his nails clipped, too. 'Have you had enough?''Hell no!' Tony couldn't have shouted fast enough, and Loki looks smug, the jackass.'Good,' Loki says. Then he reaches out, pats Tony's hip, and says, 'Sleep. I'll wake you when I'm ready.'Well then... that's that, Tony supposes.


{oOo}


Okay, so it happened like this; Tony had to get out of the Tower because Clint was nesting in the ceilings again, Bruce was mourning over some failed experiment, Natasha was trying to talk sense into Clint, Steve was drawing Clint in his natural habitat, and Thor was trying to bring Clint provisions in the form of chocolate poptarts.So... yeah, Tony needed a break; one that didn't involve insane team mates, paperwork, or JARVIS locking him out of his workshop. So he'd called Happy, 'cause he planned on getting very drunk, and was dropped off at one of the smaller bars in Manhattan. He was still recognised, but by the time Tony got there most of the patrons were drunk and left him well enough alone.Tony had just sat at the bar when Loki slid onto the stool beside him, casual as you please, and struck up a conversation about astrophysics like he and Tony always met up to discuss the known fucking galaxies.Of course, Tony went with it. Liked it. Had fun, really. So much so that he didn't touch his drink, not even when the bar closed and he and everyone else were tossed out. Tony smuggled Loki into his car without any problem, and then found himself in his penthouse with a Loki in disguise. It was totally Loki's fault, the sex. When he'd morphed back into himself, tight jeans and dress shirt included, he'd jumped Tony with his mouth and hands and... mouth. Tony went with it. Again. Loki was a good kisser. Good at blow jobs, too.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sexual Content
Explicit Language
This might just possibly be a bit... cracky
Romance
Humor
Mild Gore
Minor Violence
Fluff and Angst
Tony and Loki get married
Mpreg
Loki has Tony's babies

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

