Chapter 1: Prologue: With a blade and a smile
    


Notes:
Content warnings in the end notes!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Sam
—Washington D.C. | Monday, 28 May 2012 | 10:30 p.m.—
It happens fast. The thump on the roof of his car, the shining fist crashing through his windshield, the tug against his grip as the steering wheel—the steering wheel!—is yanked up and out of his fucking car, leaving him grasping at both the air and his thoughts. Sam slams on his brakes, hears the squeal of the tires and Holly’s shriek from the passenger seat, the blaring horns of two, three, at least five drivers behind and around him. But he’s got two viable options, and those options are to get rear-ended and throw the enemy combatant into traffic, or to allow their violent and unwanted rooftop passenger free rein to possibly rip the whole dashboard out, or even—Whoever or whatever is perched on his car does not go flying onto the highway when Sam hits the brakes, or when Sam’s rear-ended by the minivan behind him with a metallic crunch, or when Sam’s knocked into the lane to his left and then sideswiped by an SUV back across his lane and into the safety rail of the overpass in a screech of collapsing metal-on-metal.Whoever or whatever is perched on his car just kicks out the other half of his windshield, stabs the passenger airbag and  slithers inside with them, a blur in black leather that grabs Holly’s seat belt with one arm for stability while the other arm flashes forward again and again and again, sinking a vicious little knife into his terrified date’s chest and face while car after car joins the collision.It happens fast, and it’s over faster.The shadow slips back out through the windshield like it’s a bad nightmare, a twisted flashback of other grim reapers that felled other companions, a figment that was never real at all, disappearing over the railing of the overpass and into the night.“Oh god,” he breathes, feeling the sharpness where his seat belt has dug into his ribs—maybe bruised, maybe cracked, doesn’t matter, problem for later—and already grabbing for his own knife, the one he keeps in the center console for exactly this— Well, for  emergencies, even if not this exact reason. His seat belt is quick work for the serrated bit near the hilt, and Sam’s free to see what he can do for Holly, though he’s betting it’s not a lot.She’s alive, but barely, and not for very long. He can see that much in the murky yellow coming in from the street lights lining the overpass. He can hear it in her jagged gasping for water—for  hydration, specifically, or it would be hydration if she could get the whole word out. And maybe that quirk, hydration instead of water, would have been something they could laugh at if they’d had more than one date. An inside joke about staying hydrated. But they’re never having more than just the one date. Because there’s no way someone can be stabbed and slashed like this and then wait for rescue services and still be alive in the end. But he’s got to at least try.“Hold on, Holly.” Sam casts around in the back seat for something, anything, to stanch the bleeding, despite knowing full well what a hopeless cause it is. That many stab wounds, that many slashes, that much blood—His fingers finally find the red and black octopus sweater she had tossed in the back seat, and he adds it to the wad of take-out napkins he’d apparently already fetched out of the glove box and pressed against her torn chest. “Just hold on,” he says, voice low, as comforting as he can make it with the adrenaline pounding through him. “We’re gonna get you outta this.”Sam doesn’t have enough hands to apply pressure to all the places it needs to go. They’re not going to get her out of this. They, plural, won’t be getting out of this at all.It would actually have been kinder if that lunatic had slit her throat or stabbed her face deeply enough to hit her brain. But no. Whether by malicious intent or careless oversight, her killer has made sure she’ll linger. At least there’s shock. She’s a guaranteed fatality, but shock will at least keep the worst of her pain and fear at bay.“You’re doing great,” he lies, because when the only comfort is a lie, you just gotta tell it like it ain’t. “Help is on the way. You’re going to be fine. We’ll get you through this.”This evening has launched itself past the “dinner and a movie and food poisoning” date, the “candlelit champagne turned bonfire at the table” date, the blind date with his sister that his asshole coworkers sent him on, the “our server is my husband, since when does he work here” date, and even the previous champion of bad dates, the “oh, right, I dumped you when you went off to war and forgot about you or I’d never have swiped right, of course I had no intentions of rekindling that flame” date.Yeah, this evening has sped right past those and settled in at the top of his list of worst first dates ever. Not top ten, not top f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Villain Character Death
Way beyond canon-typical violence
Implied/Referenced HYDRA Trash Party
Dismemberment
Kinda dark to start out
Crime Fighting
Found Family
Domestic Avengers
Mute Bucky Barnes
Asset Bucky Barnes
Everyone Has Issues
so many issues
Issues Everywhere
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Starvation
Eventual Relationships
winterhawk - Freeform
Deaf Clint Barton
Dehumanization
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
(usually end notes to avoid spoilers)

fandom: 
None
