Chapter 1: Be seeing you
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


Packing was always something Peggy found cathartic, while most hated it, she was a pro. Having done it on and off for years with boarding school, she loved it, as it symbolised a trip of some kind, a new place and new people.Had it been a year? She thought, as she packed her bag for Washington, folding her freshly pressed blouses into her small case. Of course it had been a year, she had counted and been aware of every single slowly passing day between where she stood and then. But, she had a personal mission of sorts now, an action many might see as a waste of her time, or pointless, considering. But they were actions she needed to take. The fact that there was a grave at all was important, even if they never did recover his body, the grave was a symbol of his sacrifice.  And as a mark of what he meant to her, she would vow to visit when she could but at the least once a year on the day he saved the world.The summer of 1945 was one of celebration for the world, the war was won and a hero saved them all from utter destruction. He was hailed a saviour and there were posters and stories, interviews and countless questions. But as things go, time passed and people, as they do, moved on. The kids still played with toy shields in games of heroic fiction, it made her smile to see when she would pass one or two on the street still. He would have liked that, she thought. He would have blushed, but he would have liked that. While the world celebrated, she and those who knew and loved him mourned. Their jobs were done now; they could go home, start a life. But what life did she have when it was meant to be with him? What life now that every option, every suitor was unsuitable simply because they just weren’t him?The first year had been the worst, the mostly lonely she could remember, as she packed up her life in London for a permanent move to the States, to Brooklyn. A small gesture, but one that made her feel as close to him as she could get, such as things were.She liked the community there, and their warm welcome to her once they found out she had worked with one of their own, one that they now claimed as a gone-too-soon son of Brooklyn. Like most things when it came to Steve’s legacy now, it was meant well but did very little to ease her aching heart.She took a four day leave from her work, the absence of the job not something she welcomed, but the absence of the men she was forced to work with, a blessing. Making the drive to Washington allowed her time to simply decompress her worries and stresses. Of course, as always time alone allowed her too much time to think.As was all too often lately.It had been raining on and off all morning, but she was determined to do what she came to the city to do. So, finding a store and choosing some modest but appropriate red roses, she drove herself off to Arlington. Dozens of people were scattered at various graves, all in a state of mourning or remembrance. It gave her tiny warmth to know at least, she wasn’t alone in her emotions, as it so often seemed in the dark cold of the night.She wasn’t alone in the graveyard, and as soon as she came up to where the memorial stood, she realised she wasn’t alone there either.James Barnes sat just to the side, on the grass, and truth be told she almost didn’t recognise him.When he heard the footsteps approach, he stood and it was then she noticed the half empty bottle of whiskey in hand.  He was a mess; physically his hair had grown longer – longer than regulation allowed, as was his week old beard. His clothes, once as shiny and straight as a new pin – even at the worst of times, she recalled he held himself to the same standard as Steve, uniform was always regulation perfection. Now, he looked tired and older than his years, his eyes rimmed red with tears or the alcohol, she wasn’t sure which. Both, she assumed. He looked as lonely as she felt.“Agent Carter, this is a surprise.” He said in way of greeting, noting the flowers in her hands, and giving her the once over that reminded her of the way he had done so in that bar in London what felt like a lifetime ago.“Sergeant Barnes, it’s nice to see you again.”He cocked a brow at her then, a smirk dying on his face.“Looks like we’re not the only ones coming to see him lately,” He commented and it was then she noticed, the memorial was covered in flowers, letters and ribbons, notes of thanks, and yet more flowers.“Oh my…” she gasped, overwhelmed.“I’ve been here a while, haven’t read half of what’s here.  I guess people be a lot more appreciative than I give ‘em credit for.” He was damp, his hair slicked back, his clothes showing signs that he had been there more than the time he suggested. The image of him standing in the rain alone was one that chilled her heart.“I suppose so. They have a lot to be thankful to him for, we all do.”He was silent and she looked at him then,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bearding Angie

freeform: 
Semi AU
Bucky doesn't fall
Steve Rogers Feels
Grief/Mourning
OT3
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Peggy and James deal with their feelings
Loneliness
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Surprise!Steve
Eventual poly relations because yes
Bisexuality
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual James Bucky Barnes
Polyamorous Bisexuality
BuckyPeggy - Freeform
Threesome - F/M/M
Bucky/Steve/Peggy - Freeform
Polyamory Negotiations
Life-Affirming Sex
PeggyBuckySteve do Europe
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
BuckyStevePeggy
Protective Bucky Barnes
Pegging
Pregnancy
Aftermath of Torture
World War Threesome
Minor Steve/ Angie acting out of grief
stevebuckypeggy - Freeform
Listen this will make you ship Buggy ok

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bearding Angie

