Chapter 1: Down, down, down...
    




Chapter Text
They say that right before you die your life flashes before your eyes. But as I’ve learned, that isn’t always the case. After the second or third near death experience you tend to get a little frustrated. I mean come on, who wants to watch the same thing over again and again, rinse and repeat? Not me! My life isn’t all that grand… or well, it wasn’t a few years ago. After the ‘Thor Incident’ and watching that Destroyer thing demolish a town, let’s just say that was the first time I watched my life on a reel. A couple of years and kidnappings later and my reaction to imminent death was a bit different. It was more like that Georgia chick on Dead Like Me where you can’t do anything more than mutter ‘Oh, shit.’ before catastrophe hits.But I digress.My name is Darcy Lewis, and this, this is how I died. The first time.                                                                                                   * * *    * * * “Daaaaaarcy, why are your feet on my table? And better yet, why are you in my lab? Jarvis, did you let Shortstack here into my sanctuary? Why, J, inquiring minds, mine, needs to know!”“Sir, I was told by Ms. Potts to allow Miss Lewis entry. I do believe she is here with nourishment.”Sucking up a drink of sugary goodness through her straw, Darcy leaned further back in the chair she’d dragged over to one of the slightly less messy tables, her dark locks cascading over the arm as she tipped her head back to see Tony. “Pop a squat, Iron Dude!”Rolling his eyes Tony made an incoherent grunt of acceptance and did as asked. She was lucky he liked her better than the other lackeys that ran around the tower.“What’s on today’s menu, turkey?” He eyed her watching closely as she dropped her feet to the ground with a thump and stretched across the table setting her drink down.Darcy shook her head and tucked an unruly strand behind her ear before answering; “Nope, roast beef and curly fries. And stop calling me Shortstack.”“Stop calling me Iron Dude and I’ll consider it. Also, stop watching Teen Wolf. TV will rot your brain and curly fries will not give you superpowers, Stiles.” At her huff of feigned annoyance a smirk tugged at Tony’s mouth.Darcy Lewis was an enigma to him, a puzzle that he wanted to take apart and piece back together in ways that he could understand. But Pepper had warned him that if he touched her precious assistant that she would strangle him. He took her words to heart, sue him. Still, since Jane Foster had accepted his invitation to come have fun with him and Bruce in New York in the newly remodeled tower, he’d had his eyes on the baggage she’d brought along. The quirky and outspoken woman had stood toe to toe with him in arguments from politics to the mating habits of penguins. (Don’t ask, seriously, just don’t.) She’d wormed her way into the Avengers’ lives, (and hearts), winning them over with food, playlists, and her undeniable charm. Pepper had taken to her so quickly that she’d offered her Natasha’s old cover as her assistant only a week after their first meeting. And Tony would never admit it, but he was growing attached to the snarky brunette.Not to mention her curves. Have you seen them? Damn. What he wouldn’t give—“Earth to Stark!” A floating sub appeared two inches in front of his nose and was snatched away before he could grab it. “I swear, sometimes you’re worse than Jane. Is it a Science! thing or are you just trying to build a fort out of your money in your head?”“Build a fort out of money? Why would I do that? That’s not very safe or structurally sound.” Leaning over, he grabbed his lunch out of her hand making her swat at him before she turned to her own food.“Anyway! Brace yourself for Feelings,” she side-eyed him while she dissected her sub, “how are you doing? And do not play stupid with me.”Tony winced at that, tempted to avoidavoidavoid the subject of his and Pepper’s split. It had been mutual and she was and would always be one of his closest friends, but after the last ‘run for your life!’ situation with another AIM idiot they’d had words. The only reason that Darcy even knew (and was allowed, semi-allowed to bring it up) was because he’d had a bottle of Jack and offered to take her for a ride in his new suit. (He may have had the hole in his chest repaired but that night it’d felt ripped open and fresh all over.)“Ah, I’m…. okay. I have my projects and you know, the whole saving the world gig to keep me busy.” Shoving a bite of roast beef into his mouth he refused to meet Darcy’s stare. Suddenly finding his lunch fascinating he ignored her hum and made a gesture to her drink. She pushed it over towards him with her knuckles and he hated how all she did was watch him like a bug.“Stop it.”“Not gonna happen.”“Don’t make me kick you out.”“You wouldn’t. You haven’t had your dessert yet.” Her grin was smug and he wanted to kiss it off of her face. Shit, that was a bad thought. Bad, Tony he berated himself alth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
How Do I Tag
Snark
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Darcy down the rabbit hole
I'm new at this
Please Don't Hate Me
I Don't Even Know
Look Ma I'm posting
Not Really Character Death
I'm Bad At Titles
Hurt/Comfort
Not Beta Read
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Panic Attacks
Anxiety Attacks
Kid Fic
Kinda. Maybe. Sorta.
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Just for funsies
Complete

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

