Work Text:
It has been over a year of Bucky's – he likes to think of it as reclaiming. Him reclaiming himself, and being reclaimed by the world, and by others – by a certain someone other. A year of adjusting, and re-learning things he ought to have known, and finding things about the world that make him want to keep going, other than that one person. A year of trying to internalise understanding and compassion, and trying to parse out the emotions and thought processes of others.A whole year, and he still has no idea sometimes what goes through Tony Stark's head. It's a simple request, but here Stark Junior stands, looking at him like he has grown another head in the night. It is not unlike the look Howard used to carry, after he spent too long in the presence of the Howlies. "So let me get this straight," Stark says, rubbing grease-stained fingers over his ridiculous facial hair. He leaves behind a streak over his jaw; vindictively, Bucky decides not to mention it. "You and Rogers are getting married, and you didn't think to tell us? I'm hurt, Barnes, deeply hurt that you want to cheat me out of throwing you a big-ass reception to celebrate this momentous occasion of Cap finally meeting his match."Bucky grits his teeth and takes a deep breath, praying for patience. "Steve doesn't know," he says flatly, in that dead tone he uses to discourage questions. He feels intensely vexed that it never seems to work on Stark. At most -- like now -- it shuts him up for a couple of moments before he opens his mouth again."I'm lost," Stark admits. "Are you secretly marrying Steve without telling him?"Bucky wishes he had thought far enough ahead to make up something plausible, rather than letting this intense need drive him – to belong, even if just in his own head. To be claimed by someone who isn't Hydra or SHIELD or whichever museum would take him and swallow him whole. To know, just for himself, that he is Steve's; to have a symbol of that even if the rest of the world doesn't know what it means. "Принадлежу," he mutters, helpless to explain without flaying himself wide open for Stark of all people, which, no. Stark looks like he has not a single clue of what the hell is going on, but Bucky is fine with that, so long as he does what Bucky wants him to."Can you do it or not?" he growls, past patience, and Stark's eyebrows climb into his hairline, but he nods reluctantly. "Yeah, I mean, sure, the plates in your fingers are designed to be repaired or substituted in pieces if just one of them gets damaged. It'll be easy enough. Not sure about making it out of actual gold, you know, it's definitely not as tough as the reinforced alloy, but it'll hold, if it's just one link.""Okay. When can you do it?"Stark scratches the back of his head, sending Bucky small sideways looks that drive him insane and make him want to stalk out of the workshop, except that he needs this. "Uh, tomorrow? I need to mold the gold into shape, and it'll be a minute to slip it in. Look, far be it for me to give you advice, but are you sure you shouldn't talk to Steve about this fi--""No," Bucky says flatly. Stark closes his mouth and holds up his hands. "Uh. Okay. Okay, fine. I'll, uh, I'll do that thing for you, then.""Thanks," Bucky pushes grudgingly through his teeth, then pivots on his heel and flees. Feelings. Ugh. –-Two days pass before Steve notices anything out of the ordinary. They go through their routines – exercise, walks, reading, fighting assholes trying to ruin New York. Not many things peeve Bucky these days, but someone breaking his city? Yeah, not happening. Not on his watch. It's not until the aftermath of one such battle that things go all strange. Bucky has just come out of the shower, running his left hand through his wet hair to push it out of his eyes, when he looks up and finds Steve staring at him, jug of milk halfway to his mouth. His eyes are fixed unerringly on Bucky's left hand, where Bucky can sense locks of hair winding around his fingers. "Bucky," Steve says carefully. "Are you wearing a wedding band."Bucky swallows and lets his arm fall. His fingers twitch, as if itching. The little gold link is nearly inconspicuous, at least visually – ever since Bucky had felt it click into place on his hand, his whole being had seemed to relax, a knot that had been pulled so tight as to warp the thread loosening just slightly, to lay comfortably in place. It's amazing, what the mind can do."Kind of," he allows. Words are still so hard sometimes. He thinks things, and when he goes to say them, it's like his tongue is sewn to the roof of his mouth with surgical thread. Steve swallows, Adam's apple bobbing so hard that it must be painful. "Did you get married to someone," he asks, sounding like he would rather throw himself in a pit of vipers than hear the answer to his question.Bucky does not sigh, or close his eyes, or clench his fists, because those things would give him away. He stays very still, wishing he had bothered to pull o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Secret Marriage
emotions are hard
Bucky Feels
fight then make up
a smidgeon of angst
Demisexuality
Possessiveness
a hint of D/s
Idiots in Love
Barebacking
Co-Dependency
because have you met the Rogers and Barnes show
mentions of trauma
because Bucky jesus christ
Healing
tony stark - Freeform
because that man deserves a warning all by himself
post-CATWS
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

