Chapter 1: Nobody said life would ever be easy
    


Summary:

Chapter Summary - After housing the God of Mischief in his tower for several years Loki is recalled to Asgard. This leaves Tony minus a lab partner, wingman and buddy to snark with on Movie Night. Pepper has moved to the west coast and married, SHIELD is doing some crazy shit. With the exception of occasionally seeing Bruce, Tony doesn't have much interaction with his former team mates. He wonders how it is possible to feel so lonely in a city so full of people. He's and engineer, he decides to fix this. - Sequel to Queens Grace. You do not have to have read Queens Grace to follow this.A thousand hits in two days. *sniff* I am so proud. :D Thanks to all who have read, commented, fav'd and followed!Comments: 40 Kudos: 74 Bookmarks: 7 Hits: 1000!  Two thousand hits in three weeks! *Whoooo Hooo* Much love to all who commented, bookmarked and fav'd Comments: 73 Kudos: 109 Bookmarks: 19 Hits: 2003!



Notes:
A continuation of Queens Grace the fic that refused to die. But you don't have to have read that one to understand this. I do have 70k more of Anthony of Asgard material planned eventually.Starting Premise - Loki has was recalled to Asgard after several years of being a prisoner in Stark Tower as a favor to Queen Frigga when Asgard proved to be too dangerous to his now mortal and memory altered self. After his recall, Loki and Tony started a long distance friends with benefits relationship that takes place on Loki's yearly reward visit to Midgard. TRIGGER WARNINGS IN END NOTES

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
Nobody said life would ever be easy. 

Chapter # 1a - Tony buys a car  
It had been a terrible week, but then it always was before his yearly trip. Every year Odin would yell and tell him that no matter what had been agreed, this year he was not travelling to Midgard. And every year, Frigga and Thor had to jump in and separate them as he and Odin sniped, yelled and occasionally screamed at each other.Oh, first Loki would be offered a sop of some sort or the other. This year it was an offer of a trip lasting a whole week if he went to Álfheimr instead of Midgard. Last year, it was Odin had offered the a few minor powers back if he stayed in Asgard. In previous years, there had been other forms of enticement, some good, some bad, although the year that he had been offered a rich wife in the form of a minor Vanir princess named Sigyn was probably the worst. Not that the girl wasn’t lovely, she was, and in exactly the lithe way that Loki liked. But she also came from a family famous for their fertility. Loki would be damned if he would allow himself to be tied to Asgard by a wife and children. Someday he was going to leave, no matter what Odin said, and Loki wanted no anchors holding him back.OoooOLoki had lived for a thousand years, and a drought of the intimate sort lasting even thirty or forty years was doable for him, not comfortable, but doable if it was necessary. Besides, Loki always managed to enjoy himself that way on his yearly visit to Midgard.He even found enjoyment when he had gone in disguise so that Odin couldn’t recognize him or so that Tony couldn’t unwittingly give him away like he had the first time. Perhaps understandably Tony did not truly understand how easily the All Father could see and hear anything he wanted to from his throne. Additionally, Frigga and Loki had no clue that Odin was keeping such a close eye on her little servitor, what with Loki being back in Asgard. Frigga had thought that distracting Odin during Loki’s actual visit was all that would be necessary. A month or so later Odin had been watching when Tony spoke of the visit to one of the Avengers.The discussion that had ensued between his parents had been loud enough that it caused no end of speculation between the servants.   Despite or perhaps in spite of the argument with Odin, Frigga had decided to continue offering him a yearly trip in return for Loki at least not openly antagonizing Odin and Thor. To avoid causing problems for his mother, the first few times he had gone secretly, allowing his mother to place a female glamour on him to hide from Odin. He scheduled his visits for the evening of the Stark International Christmas party and for reasons Loki could not even initially explain to himself… Instead of quietly informing Tony who he was and the impressing upon the little mortal the need for absolute secrecy, Loki decided to have a bit of fun. As so he did. Have fun that is. In the following years Loki had always managed to grab Tony’s attention, even if it had required him to be sometimes more than a bit manipulative to capture the playboy’s attention.The whole charade had not been without its darkly amusing side; Tony finally got what he wanted from Loki, but just didn’t know it. Perhaps not so amusing was Loki’s inability to decide if this was all to lay groundwork in case of future need…
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Frigga/Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Memory Loss
Angst
Humor
Past Torture
Loki Feels
Loki Does What He Wants
Jötunn Loki
Tony Has Issues
Sad Loki
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Mortal!Loki
Jotun!Loki
Mild Language
mascara alert
Odin's A+ Parenting
Tags May Change
One Shot
Rating May Change
Genderbending
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
FrostIron - Freeform
parallel parking
TRIGGER WARNING IN THE END NOTES
Complete

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Frigga/Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

