Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Penny Parker seems to always has the worst luck.
 
She woke up scared and confused on a alien planet with the people she barely knew. All she remembered was herself dying in her father figure's embrace, watching her body turned to ashes, slowly, painfully, after fighting with a purple alien. The next thing she knew, she was thrusted into another battle, not really believed she has gone for five years.
 
And the next thing was watching helplessly from afar when Mr.Stark snapped his fingers and almost died.
 
The next thing, she was waiting in a hospital in front of Mr.Stark's operation room.
 
The next thing, May came and Penny found out the woman had became Mrs.Hogan. She couldn't come back to her old apartment, where once was Ben's, was May's, was hers.
 
The next thing, she learned about Ned and MJ have became adults and barely talked to her through her phone calls.
 
The next thing was Morgan Stark, Tony Stark's true daughter, by flesh and blood.
 
The next thing,...
 
The next thing,...
Too many the next thing. Penny felt like she was spinning. Everything was too much, too fast to catch up on and she fell behind.
 
That was the first strike.
 
When she was having dinner with the other, they talked and she stayed silent. Mr. Stark has a lake house? There is Frozen 2 already? Mr.Stark had to wear a fake, ugly, red deerhorn and take a selfie with his alpaca because his daughter insisted?... Or when she first saw her guest room in Happy's house since apparently he had became her uncle. Or when she saw Mr. Stark kissed Morgan's cheeks and smiled so, so, so softly...
 
That was the second strike.
 
And she lose it.
 
Pathetic Puni Parker finally lost what she believed to be her family. She got nothing left.
 
No one could survive that pain. The last person of the Parker family ran and Penny Parker died.
 
And then Morgan, bless her angelic soul, came and save the day.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Family Drama
Family Issues
Hurt Peter Parker
Father-Daughter Relationship
Sibling Bonding
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Whump
Genius Peter Parker
Self-Hatred
Self-Doubt
BAMF Peter Parker
Trigger warning for suicide
No beta we die like dehydrated worms

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker

