Work Text:
“I cannot yet forgive you.” Odin towered over Thor. “But I cannot afford to give you the punishment you so richly deserve. I only have one son now.”“He’s not dead.” Thor tried to meet his father’s eye, but it slid away.  “Sending him away makes him no less your son.  Even if what you say about his parentage is true.”“It's true." Odin turned away from him. "I will send you new teachers. You have the potential to be a great king.”They come to him solemn and taught him the things that he should have been learning all along. Strategy, etiquette, diplomacy and history.  The things that father had let him wiggle out of and ignore. The things that he had never had to know because his brother would know them for him.“I want to rescue him.” He confided to Sif in the quiet of a seemingly endless night. "He doesn't even know who he really is...what he really is."“He tried to corrupt you.” She reminded him, but her hand lay soft over his, an unusual gesture of reassurance.  “He deserves his punishment.”He didn’t bother asking the Warriors Three. None of them were fond of Loki to begin with and were certainly even less so now.Walking down the Rainbow Bridge, hammer hanging low in his hand, he met certain defeat with grace.“Thor.”  Heimdell put an arm on his shoulder after their fight ended. “You cannot come this way, not yet.”He knew the comfort he was meant to take was in the yet. One day Father will forgive him, ease the ceaseless tutoring that’s meant to turn him into someone he doesn’t know how to be, and then he will be King. The King can goes where wants.  He knew that.But what he heard was ‘this way’. )*( Landing had hurt more than he expected. He made no sudden moves, even as an eerie artificial light cast over his face.Voices came to him and at first their words were garbled nonsense. He reached for the wellspring of magic that had never failed him and found it locked away. He could sense it just out of reach. Whatever Odin had done, it was far more terrible then if he had only stripped him of his power. Fortunately, some magic was innate and the words did eventually resolve into sense.“Are you all right?” Asked the light.“I’m in pain.” He told it. “I don’t know how I...”“We’ll get you to a hospital.”“Jane! He could be-”“He doesn’t look dangerous. Anyway, we can’t leave him here to die.”There were hands on him then, a flood of new smells and the humbling realization that the voice was absolutely right. Right now, for the first time in his life, he wasn’t dangerous. He feigned sleep to forestall their questions, acting groggy when they brought him into a harshly lit building that reeked of sickness. All around him, people were dying. He could feel it pricking at his awareness and his nose twitched irritably as they sat him in a chair.He took the time to study his rescuers. The old man looked tired and charmingly susceptible to suggestion as he fiddled idly with a button on his coat. The fine boned woman was studying him with rapt predatory attention. The dark haired girl sat two chairs down, one hand shoved in her purse, her hand clenching into a fist under the fabric. Around a weapon perhaps.“Who are you?” The blond asks with quiet intensity.  Jane, reminded himself. The twitchy brunette had called her Jane.“I don’t know.” He made his voice quaver and it came depressingly easy. Being mortal was tiring.“Amnesia?” Jane frowned. “Did you come out of whatever that thing was?”He stared at her blankly until she looked away. Someone down the hall was struggling for breath. A man in a white uniform collected him, bandaged his cuts and stitched the long wicked wound on his arm closed. He used a numbing agent and when the person in white turned their back, he poked with interest at the deadened skin. The tip of his finger went a little numb before a new person in white came in, a crisp looking woman with a writing implement.  Pen, his locked away magic whispered to him. Clipboard, the thing she holds in her hand.  Doctor to the person as a whole.“Dr. Berman tells me you can’t remember your name.”  She demanded.“Nothing.” He lied. “I remember nothing.”There was another person then, this one in blue. Police, he identified himself. Loki widened his eyes, feigned fear and confusion when questions peppered over him. Sadly, once more his acting skills were not much required. The doctor interrupted when he started to shake.“Let me do my job.” She’d snapped. Loki liked her.After a few strange tests with a small light that came from the end of her pen and questions he couldn’t even attempt to answer without far more research (the date for instance: he wasn't sure what calender they used or how long he fell, he could calculate if he knew that), they released him into the hands of Jane, who had apparently told a few lies of her own."You're my cousin?" He asked, one eyebrow raised in elegant disbelief.“You're the closest thing I’ve come to hard evidence.” Her eyes shone as they left the hospital. “I’m not letting you out o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
preslash
Incest
AU

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

