Work Text:
“Wait, how did you two manage that?” Steve asked, clearly struggling not to laugh at your current situation. He was doing a lot better at controlling himself unlike Sam who was almost crying, he was laughing so hard at the two of you. Fuck, they were never going to let you live this down. Switching bodies with the Winter Soldier was something that would happen to you, you don’t know when this became a typical afternoon for you. Next time you're going to tell Fury to send someone else for a mission involving witches, you just wanted to go home and take a bath and now you had all this to figure out.“The witch cursed us before we could kill her” An annoyed, deep voice came out when you replied, a big contrast from your normal sweet tone.“And we went over all her books and couldn’t find a way to reverse the spell” Bucky filled in with your voice. Hearing yourself talk and it not coming from you was beyond strange, yet not the weirdest thing to happen in your line of work, that didn’t mean you weren’t freaking out though.“Ok, I’ll do some research and see what I can find,” Tony said not even bothering to cover his laughter. You glare but Bucky barely spares them another glance as you head to your room together.“Come on doll, it's not that bad,” Bucky said, “it could be a fun new experience for us”“How so?” You ask. He gives you that sinful smirk and you know instantly what he’s thinking. “Are you serious?! That’s what you’re really thinking about right now. Bucky we are stuck inside each other’s bodies! That doesn’t bother you, don’t you wanna be back inside your own body?” You ask opening the door to your room.“Doll, the way you said that caused the prettiest images of you to pop into my mind.” He said grabbing your leather jacket and pulling you down to kiss him before he pushed you back onto the bed and climbed onto big thick thighs that you knew from experience felt amazing to ride.

“Buck, we should focus on getting back to normal,” You say, struggling with his lips tracing down your neck. A feeling of something starting to harden in your pants, has you shivering. You never knew Bucky’s neck was so sensitive or that your lips would feel so soft or what it felt like to get turned on as a man, but it was all starting to cloud your senses.“Later kitten, daddy wants to have some fun,” He says, the words sounding completely wrong coming out of your mouth instead of his rough commanding voice.Figuring you would most likely be in this position for a few more hours while Tony and Bruce found a cure you decide you could have some fun with him. Snapping your fingers to see if you got more than just a new body or if his powers came with. You were pleasantly surprised when you found yourself looking down at Bucky tied to both bedposts with silk ties and a silk cloth used to gag him. He looked surprised but angry and aroused that you had used his powers to tie and gag him like he always does to you. Staring down at your own body, seeing what Bucky always saw when he had you like this, had you biting your lip and palming yourself through your pants.“Oh, daddy wants to play, sorry kitten, I’m in daddy right now and that means I get to play,” You say smirking down at him, noticing the way he brought his legs together to try to get some friction at the innuendo.“Looks like somebody likes this. Good kitten” You tell him, loving to see Bucky reacting just the way you always did when he spoke to you. You always wanted him to know the effect he had on you and feel how soaked he could make you. He always teased you and made you cum as many times as possible before he was finished with you. It was finally your turn to get back at him and show him the torture he put you through. Even if you did love that torture, it would be fun to be the one inflicting it for a change, especially knowing your body as well as you do. There was no way you wouldn’t ruin him.“Mmmm, kitten. Daddy’s going to show you how wet I can get you” You say, moving on the bed and laying in front of Bucky’s open legs, taking a few seconds to look at his pussy before leaning in and licking up his slit. Tasting yourself was something you never thought you would be doing, you especially never thought you would be tasting yourself with Bucky reaping the benefits but damn if it didn’t have you grinding your hips into the bed. You now understood why Bucky loved to go down on you so much, it was intoxicating. Leaning further in you wrap your arms around his legs and pull his body in until your face was buried between his legs and sucking at his clit.

“Fuck!” Bucky almost screams, he’d never felt anything like this before. It felt completely different from getting his cock sucked, he’d never felt soaked before, but your body wouldn’t stop. The tingling sensations were different but felt amazing as well for him. He didn’t know the amazing feeling you got from being eaten out, but he was going to have to do that a lot more to you if it felt this good.Smiling at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes x Y/n

freeform: 
Smut
NSFW GIF
NSFW
Oral Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
tasting yourself
tied-up
gagged
Biting
Daddy Kink
Riding
Missionary Position
Multiple Orgasms
bouncing on cock
Marks
Nipple Play
Switching bodies
Missions Gone Wrong
Bucky in Y/n body
Reader-Insert
Avenger Reader (Marvel)
Y/n in Bucky body
Spells & Enchantments
Witches
Established Relationship
Dating
Idiots in Love
crazy sex idea
getting turned on by strange spells
switch sex roles
Kitten Bucky Barnes
Y/n becomes daddy
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Different Framework Universe (Marvel)
Bucky Barnes has powers
Marvel Universe
Original Character(s)
Erotic Gif
Explicit Gif
sex gif
porn gif

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes x Y/n

