Chapter 1





Chapter Text

He never regretted falling in love…

Until he did…

.
…
.
"You look so beautiful…" Steve tried to contain his blush at his lover's words, smiling happily when his love took his hand and give it a small kiss, his heart was pounding in his chest that he feared that any moment now it will rip out of his chest and jump to the ground to dance in joy. Steve sighed happily when his love pulled him to the dancing floor; Steve looked up at the Alpha with a big smile on his face that was mirrored by his lover.
Anthony Carbonell…
The man Steve was sure was the love of his life, the Alpha with dark brown hair, and chocolate eyes. Their first meeting was not that much of a meeting, more of the Alpha hitting him with his car because Steve was in such a hurry that he didn't pay attention, thankfully instead of panicking or running away, Anthony had taken him straight to the hospital, the poor Alpha had apologized over and over again until Steve waved it off saying that it was his fault and not the Alpha's. As much as the Alpha complained that he had a work that day, he still stayed with Steve in the hospital the whole day talking with him, and he visited the next day, and the next, until Steve was discharged from the hospital a week later, with his left shoulder in a case.That was a year and a half ago when Steve was eighteen at that time. At first, the two of them just continued to talk with each other once a week, with Anthony asked about Steve's shoulder, the Alpha clearly was still feeling guilty about hurting the small Omega. Then it turned into every three days with the Alpha asking about the Omega, and what he was up too, they will spend the time talking about significant and insignificant things. Then it turned to every day, a little text here, and a call there until Anthony finally asked him out on a date after half a year Steve always teased the Alpha about that, the Alpha had been worried at first considering that he was older than Steve by ten years.But in the end, the two of them made it work, Anthony was a considerate Alpha, he was smart, kind, compassionate, and a loving person, he dreamed of changing the world into a better place, he was an inventor and an amazing one at that, Steve saw some of his work, the little robot in the shape of claw 'Dummy' and the in-process AI he was making and named JARVIS, both were amazing, and Steve made sure to always tell his lover that he will reach his coal, he is always rewarded with a happy smile at the end.It was hard at first when Anthony was introduced to his mother, as his mother feared that Anthony was manipulating him and using him, but with time, his mother warmed up to Anthony when she saw how much love he had for her son, how he will lay the world at her son's feet if Steve so much as wanted it.Anthony had been with him, through the ups and downs of his life, he had been with him when he was given a scholarship to the art school he always dreamed of, had been with him when his best friend's family left New York, had been with him when his mother died from cancer when he was nineteen… and Anthony promised to be with him for as long as they lived. The Alpha had proposed to him today, on their one year anniversary, and Steve never imagine he will be as happiest as he was, he felt so blessed when a smart and amazing Alpha like Anthony choose him."What's on your mind?" Anthony hummed as he twirls Steve making the Omega laugh a little and look at the Alpha, which made the said Alpha smile happily and lean down to kiss Steve when the Omega was in his arms once again."Nothing…" Steve whispered after the broke the kiss, looking at the Alpha with adoring eyes. "Just thinking about how much I love you." Steve said which made the Alpha's eyes sparkle in happiness.
Steve knew he will never forget this moment as long as he lived…

"Do you have to?" Steve asked the Alpha as he helped him pack his bag, Steve tried to make his voice emit calmness because he could clearly see that his Alpha was on edge, the only thing that stopped his lover from ripping his hair, was because he was running around the room collecting the gadgets he needed for his presentation."I really wanted to say, no, but this is the opportunity of a lifetime, Steve!" Anthony said breathlessly after he stopped beside the bed making Steve caress his right cheek, which made the Alpha sigh in content and blink his eyes. "I still can't believe that my father gave me this opportunity Steve, my father usually refuses for me to go and give presentations or even leave the labs… this is… I can't believe it… do you think I should cancel it? I mean I am not ready right?" Anthony asked with shaky hands.Steve sighed a little and caresses his lover's face, smiling at the five-o'clock shadow on his lover's face, usually his fiancé always shave, but this day had been hectic and his lover had forgotten. "Anthony Carbonell, get yourself together, I know that if you go you will knock them off their s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Possessive Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied Mpreg
Parent Steve Rogers
Single Parents
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Steve Rogers
Illnesses
Sick Peter Parker
Trust Issues
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Awesome Peggy Carter
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is Not Captain America
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Everyone Needs A Hug
BAMF Steve Rogers
Slow Build
Getting Back Together
Eventual Romance
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Bad Decisions
Forgiveness
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Eventual Happy Ending
Rating May Change

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

