Chapter 1: Meeting Tony and Rhodes
    


Notes:
Important timeline notes:Civil happened only a couple months ago, but was talked out bc they are a team dang it!Homecoming happened shortly afterwards.




Chapter Text

 The first Avenger Peter ever met was Iron Man.  
 
 His parents had just died. Poor little Peter didn’t understand why he couldn’t go back home to his parents. May and Ben Parker couldn’t stand his depressive state, because it only cracked their already broken hearts even more. So, they started saving up to go to the one thing they knew for sure would cheer Peter up; the Stark Expo. 
 
 And it did cheer him up. It was a happy day of babbling about science, munching on yummy treats, and even buying his own Iron Man mask.  
 
 But then the bad guys attacked.  
 
 Peter couldn’t find his aunt and uncle, but that was ok. The bad guys were hurting people, and Iron Man would stop them. And Peter was wearing that Iron Man mask, so Peter was strong like him.  
 
 Then the real Iron Man did show up, his voice distorted through his real mask, but not beyond recognition.  
 “Goodjob, kid.” 
 Ben and May then found him, his face beaming with joy. His superhero came and saved him that day, in more ways than one.  
 
 And then May was shot.  
 
 Foolishly, childishly, Peter hoped Iron Man would swoop in and save the day again.  
 
 He hoped and hoped and hoped.  
 
 And Ben drank and drank and drank.  
 
 As Ben grew worse, and their fridge grew empty, as Peter’s face became more bruised, and his powers grew, Peter realized, you can’t depend on superheroes.  
 
 So Peter created his own hero - Spider-Man.  
 
 Life didn’t improve, in fact, it continued down hill. But Peter’s attitude and view on life changed for the better.   
 
 Peter thought the Expo would be the only time he’d meet Tony Stark - or any Avenger, really. But oh boy, was he wrong.  
 ~~~~~~~ 
 Peter had taken his sweet time walking home, trying to prolong the inevitable of Ben and his anger. But when he opened the door, he saw that the apartment was, for the most part, clean and tidy, with Ben and- 
 
 Oh.  
 Oh. 
 Tony Stark sat on their old, beat up couch, half smiling through obvious stress and a deep tiredness only a few understood. Peter glanced over at Ben, his hands shaking as their eyes meet, one pair filled with a fiery warning, the other filled with fearful understanding.  
 Don’t screw this up. Don’t screw this up.  
 Peter chanted through his head.  
 
 Peter stumbled through excuses and explanations, his heart growing louder the more Tony explored his room. He thought it would only grow louder, until it stopped. 
 
 “Well then, I’ll just go tell old Uncle Ben-” 
 
 Before Peter even realized what he had done, he shot a web, gluing Tony’s hand to the door handle. Peter’s hands were shaking worse than his voice.  
  “D-don’t.  . .you  can’t  tell Uncle Ben, don’t even, oh gosh, please don’t. . .If you tell him, he’ll freak out-”   Fists flying, bottles breaking, yelling and slamming, so many noises, too many noises 
 “-and then I’ll freak out-” 
  Dark rooms, silent tears, locked doors, so many thoughts, too many thoughts 
 “A-and, and. . .” Peter trailed off, his body shaking with so much fear.  
 
 “Alright, I get it, Spidey.” 
 
 “G-good. . .” 
 
 They stood in awkward silence, staring at each other.  
 
 “So, you wanna help free my hand, or-?” 
 ~~~~~~ “Karen, open the window!” Peter screamed, his wonderful AI barely opening the sheet of glass in time before Peter could crash into it. He slid across the floor, landing in a smooth,  draw-me-like-one-of-your-French-girls position. “Noice!” “What the- kid .” A tired Tony stared at him from the doorway. “You nearly gave me a heart attack.” Peter gave him a big grin, dimples shining through. “Sorry, Mr. Stark!” “Still have that ‘Mr. Stark’ bull crap I see,” Tony grumbled under his breath, joking for the most part. Peter’s smile only grew. The older hero gently wrapped an arm over the younger’s shoulders, not noticing his small flinch. “You ready for lab day?” “Yeah!” He grinned, shaking off his sudden, small anxiety. “But I can’t stay too long, Ben wants me home for dinner.” “Aw, he wants you all for himself I see.” Tony said as they waited for the elevator to reach the floor with the labs. “What a good uncle, am I right?” Peter’s own hesitance to answer Mr. Stark surprised the kid. Peter gave himself a mental glare; Ben  is  a good uncle, Peter should be  grateful.  
 “I took you in!” 
 “Yeah, he is!” 
 “I clothed you! I fed you!” 
 Tony smiled down at him as they their way to the tables.  
 “You should be grateful, you spoiled brat!” 
 Peter was grateful.  
"Even after you killed May, I still kept you around!"
 “Let’s turn on some music, Mr. Stark!” ~~~~~~Rhodey looked at the clock, and sighed to himself. Tony forgot to eat dinner  again (they made an agreement that Tony can skip meals if he at least remembers to eat one meal and have at least two snacks. Rhodey is doing his bes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Ben Parker & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Uncle Ben is a jerk
Child Abuse
Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Physical Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Abused Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Poor Peter Parker
Sad
Sad with a Happy Ending
Whump
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Avengers Family
Avengers adopt Peter pretty much
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Identity Reveal
lots of fluff
Enjoy the fluff now
While you can lol
The Author Regrets Everything
Author Is Sleep Deprived
The Author Regrets Nothing
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Uncle Ben - Freeform
UNCLE BEN LIVES
but he's mean
No Smut

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Ben Parker & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Peter Parker

