Chapter 1: [01]
    


Notes:
This is an Alternate Storyline/Ending to Devil Inside Me, starting from chapter 14. If you stumbled across this fic and want to read it without going through 45,000 words first: Tony and Peter had been in a secret, somewhat abusive relationship for almost two years. Tony never wanted to come out because of childhood trauma and internalized homophobia, so he always manipulated Peter into not saying anything even after he had turned legal, while at the same time cheating on him with Pepper. After Peter had threatened to leave him, Tony promised he’d come out on his eighteenth birthday, but then Pepper told Tony she was pregnant and he chickened out, resulting in a really bad fight between Peter and Tony and their eventual breakup. Warnings: Tony is a mostly dark, possessive, horribly jealous character who’d do anything to keep his “sweet angel” away from other men.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter was staring at the phone, clutched tightly by his sweaty, trembling hands as if it was a bomb, threatening to blow up and tear him to pieces any second. Should he, no, could he actually do this? What if he made a complete foul of himself? Bucky had seemed so uncomfortable (if not embarrassed) when Peter had tried to flirt with him on his birthday, and yet he couldn’t stop thinking about it. If Bucky hadn’t at least thought he was cute in some way, he wouldn’t have blushed but simply laughed it off like the others had done, right?It had been almost four weeks since Peter and Tony had broken up and now that Ned had left for MIT, the boy felt sort of lonely. Sure, he still had May and MJ, but the girl was always on his butt telling him to download Tinder, and it was really starting to get on his nerves. Yes, it would be nice to have someone to go out and - Peter blushed slightly for admitting it - have sex with, but he doubted anyone could easily fill the empty, aching hole Tony had left in his heart. Especially not some stranger he had never even spoken to before.However, Bucky was no stranger… he was an extremely attractive friend Peter felt comfortable around, but he was scared. First of all, he was afraid that Bucky would reject him for basically a million possible reasons, because let’s be honest… why would he want to date him? What did Peter have to offer? He’s a broke college freshman whose whole relationship experience concentrated on getting manipulated and cheated on for almost two years.And last but not least… what if Bucky told Tony? Peter clearly remembered all those incidents when his ex-boyfriend had been enraged and blinded by jealousy.And yet, despite all those fears and doubts, Peter couldn’t help opening Bucky’s contact on his phone for the fifth time. He just had to jump over his shadow and do it, but … should he send a text or call him? Texting him would be the easy way out, no doubt, but it might also lead to misunderstandings...Peter took a deep breath and touched the “Call” button. His heart was pounding so hard he could feel it in his throat, stomach clenching nauseatingly, which got worse by every unanswered BEEP taunting his ears. After the seventh ringing, Peter put the phone away from his ear, ready to hang up and-“Hello?” Bucky’s voice came from the speaker, panting slightly.Although Peter was close to a panic attack, he quickly put the phone back to his ear. “B-Bucky?” His voice was rasp, sounding very unlike himself. Or rather very much like himself, if he was being honest.“Peter? Is it you?”“Y-y-yeah. Uhm. Hi.”“Hey! How’s is going? Have you started college yet?”Peter let out a sigh of relief. At least the man’s first question hadn’t been about why he was calling him, of all people. “I uhm. I-I’m good. College started last week. It’s uhm, fine, I guess…”“Is everything alright? We really miss you, you know… It’s been oddly quiet around here for way too long."Peter felt a wave of happiness wash over him, yet he had no idea how to respond to this other than stuttering out a lame “T-Thanks, I, uhm, I miss you guys too.”“Why don’t you come over tonight? We’re having our weekly Avengers dinner.”“A-Actually, I’m busy today, but…I w-wanted to ask you, uhm… i-if you maybe… I mean, it’s okay if you don’t, but… I…I…” Shit. Why the fuck had he decided to call? It would have been so much easier to send a simple text, but nope, he had to be stupid and-“What do you want to ask me?”“N-Nothing, it’s fine, just ignore me, I-I’m sorry. Uhm…M-May’s calling me, I have to-““Were you intending to ask me if I wanted to … hang out?”Peter gulped. Fuck. Now what, genius? “K-Kinda.”Bucky stayed dangerously quiet for a while. “What did you have in mind?”“I-I don’t know, j-just… g-grab something to eat m-maybe?” The boy’s voice was not rasp anymore but weirdly high pitched, making him sound like a little girl rather than a confident, flirty young man.A few more quiet seconds went by, causing Peter to anxiously bite his nails. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dark Tony Stark
Alternate Universe
Stalking
Invasion of Privacy
Jealousy
Possessive Tony Stark
Jealous Tony Stark
Obsessive Behavior
Peter is 18
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Bucky Barnes
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Insecure Peter Parker
Insecure Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Heavy Angst
Kidnapping
Emotional Manipulation
Hurt/Comfort
First Dates
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
winterspider
Domestic Avengers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Non-Consensual Touching

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

