Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 Chapter 1 

 Summary: Skye used to be a nobody. She had no family, no friends and no place to call home. She was the perfect target for Hydra. 7 years after being kidnapped by Hydra, she is becoming somebody, she has become Daisy Johnson, one of Hydra’s best agents and secret weapon.  
Phil Coulson, the director of S.H.I.E.L.D, was sitting in his office, staring at the holographic screen that was displaying the news worldwide. Everyone was reporting on how S.H.I.E.L.D had become a corrupt organization after Hydra came out of the shadows and while Coulson never displayed any signs of resentment towards the news, he had to say that those reporters were starting to get on his nerves. They don’t know what they’re talking about, not all of S.H.I.E.L.D was compromised… okay that wasn’t entirely true. Even his team was compromised by a hydra agent.“S.H.I.E.L.D has fallen, Ward has betrayed us and managed to escape, Fitz has sustained a permanent brain injury and Simmons has infiltrated Hydra’s secret base to gather information” Coulson rambled on, voicing his thoughts out loud to no-one in particular.May turned her head to look at Coulson with her infamous stoic expression which had been misinterpreted as her being bored 90% of the time, “Your point being?”“Rebuilding S.H.I.E.L.D is going to be a bitch” Coulson stated bluntly causing May's stoic expression to crack for a few seconds as she smirked at Coulson’s comment.May grabbed the tablet that was displaying several portraits onto the screen, “Bobbi Morse is one of the best agents since Romanoff herself, she came second to Ward. Sending her as an undercover agent to protect Simmons while gaining information on Hydra’s secret weapon was a good call”Coulson leaned back into his chair, he still felt guilty for sending two agents to infiltrate hydra, especially when he had limited agents at his disposable who he could trust. When interrogating Ward, Ward had slipped up and mentioned a secret weapon that Hydra was able to control. Apparently, this secret weapon of theirs could bring down buildings and destroy cities in a matter of seconds.“I sent 2 of my best agents into the belly of the beast” Coulson stated while staring at the head portrait of Bobbi and Jemma, “This doesn’t feel like a good call”“Have you spoken to Rogers? Thor? Maybe Stark? About all of this?” May knew that the situation as dire. She knew that if push comes to shove, the avengers would have their backs… well after they get over the fact that Coulson who was supposed to be dead was now alive.  “Speaking to them would mean revealing that I’m alive” Coulson muttered, revealing him not being dead to the avengers didn’t seem appealing, especially when he knew how Romanoff and Clint would react, “And right now, I need to focus on rebuilding S.H.I.E.L.D as well ensuring that Agent Morse and Simmons make it out of Hydra alive”
Daisy Johnson was drumming her fingers along the wooden bar table that was disgustingly covered in something sticky. She waved down to the bartender, who happened to be her ex-boyfriend, to give her a drink.“You’re back alive”, Miles stated with no hint of joy that made Daisy think that Miles couldn’t give less than a shit about whether or not she died or not on that mission.“Sorry to disappoint” Daisy replied sarcastically as she grabbed the beer out of Miles hand to drink. She turned her attention towards the tv that was hanging in the corner of the bar and was surprised to see that Hydra had revealed themselves, “What the hell did I miss?” she muttered to herself.Miles followed her eyes and saw the news, “Yeah, Hydra was exposed a couple months ago”“No shit” Daisy mumbled as she kept her eyes trained on the tv. How the hell did she miss this? She was only gone for a couple of months on a mission in Siberia. If she knew that Hydra was on it’s way to become well-known to the world,  then she never would have taken the job in Siberia, she would much rather stay here and watch things blow up, “What happened?”“Apparently, that guy with the American shield released the redacted files about Hydra being Shield… or is it shield being hydra?” Miles asked himself with confusion.“Either way Hydra is out in the open now” Daisy stated her thoughts out loud, “which means that the organisation is more vulnerable than ever… hey, what happened to the shield agents?”“You mean the agents who aren’t hydra?”, Daisy nodded her head at Miles question, “There's a rumour going around that Nick Fury passed the job of being a director to someone else, either that’s just a rumour, or someone is rebuilding shield in the shadows”“Rebuilding shield?” Daisy scoffed at the idea of someone rebuilding shield when shield is technically Hydra, “If they manage to defeat Hydra, I might just give them a pat on the back”Miles scrunched his face up in confusion, “Aren’t you one of Hydra’s best agents?”“So?”“I thought you’d be… I don’t know, more loyal to Hydra. Hail Hydra, right?”Daisy stoppe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Team as Family
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Torture
Hydra (Marvel)
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson Friendship
Big Sister Bobbi Morse
Protective Skye | Daisy Johnson
Protective Melinda May
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hydra Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye | Daisy Johnson Needs a Hug
Leo Fitz & Skye | Daisy Johnson Friendship
Daisy FitzSimmons Captain
Skye | Daisy Johnson's Superpowers
Family Bonding
Bus Kids - Freeform

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson

