Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Fuck. Shit. Hell no. Damnit. WHYThe singular piece of paper in his hand stated in bold print, " FIELD TRIP TO AVENGERS TOWER TOMORROW!"
AKA, where peter lived, ate, slept, and trained. 
His own house. 
His dad would most likely laugh his head off at Pyotr's situation.Ned, on the other hand, was ecstatic. He looked like he had just been named #1 science geek. He was vibrating in his chair."DUDE! We're going to the Avengers Tower!" Ned almost shrieked. "Where the Avengers live!" Peter gave him an exasperated look, wanting to scream I live there! But Tony said it was confidential. So therefore, Peter (Who's real name was Pyotr, by the way.) was forced to hide the fact that 1. he lived in Avengers tower, and 2. his father was an ex-HYDRA assasin. Peter let his head clunk against the desk. A groan slipped out of his mouth. MJ smirked down on him. He was 99.99% sure she new something she wasn't supposed to. At least Shuri would be coming to the tower tonight. He hadn't seen her in forever. She was fun to geek out with. Last time they had created fully-functioning lightsabers. When the bell rang, signaling the end of school, Peter picked up his bag and headed towards the door. Before he could escape, Flash appeared at the door. He put his arms out to clumsily block the doorway. "Hey, Penis, you excited for the trip? They're gonna make me an intern the second I walk in. You're gonna be thrown out, I'm predicting. Ya'know, waste of space and that."Peter just gave Flash a blank look. If he really wanted to, he could kill Flah with his little toe. Sadly, he couldn't do that. Pushing forcefully past him, he speedwalked down the hall, ignoring the calls of Penis, where are you going? and I'm not done with you. Sliding down the outside stairs, Peter headed to his car, a dark silver Audi R8. Peter and his dad had tried to get something less out-there. But this was Tony. He was a Stark. His middle name was practically out-there.Turning on the ignition, he pulled out of the parking lot and onto the road. ********Pulling into the private garage, Peter parked his car, before moving into the elevator, to floor 96. He exited the elevator to see Clint and Sam engaging in a mario cart battle, and his папа and мама on another couch, watching the two grown men bicker over a video game.Shucking his backpack by the door, he slunk over to his parents. He got to the edge of the couch, before turning around and flopping down on both their laps. The two ex-assasins just smiled at his antics. Natasha pushed a hand though his ever-growing mess of hair. He would have to cut it soon. Before anyone could say anything, he waved the devil-paper in their faces. Clint snatched it out of his hands and promptly fell on the floor laughing."You- you've got a field trip to your owN HOME!" He cackled. Peter swatted a hand at him. This was gonna go terribly.**********To say Peter was masking his internal panic was 100% true. The rest of the team had heard about his field trip. They had only said they wouldn't embarrass him because his parents were the scariest people on the team.So there he was, sitting on an uncomfortably-sticky plastic bus seat, on the way to a field trip at his own house. Flash was sitting right behind him, so his spidey-sense was going haywire. When they pulled up to the Tower, Flash pushed him back into his seat to get out first. If he really wanted to, Flash could be dead. Peter reminded himself.Gettiing off the bus and into the tower, Peter spied his favorite receptionist, Esme. She saw him and gave him an oh, you fucked up smirk. Peter discreetly flipped her off. It just caused her to snort and hide a smile behind her computer. An intern walked out of the normal elevator, holding a tablet. Peter knew him very well from working with him over the years, and they were good friends. His name was Aslan, and he was from Kazakhstan. He was also gay, and many of the interns and Peter had a running plot to get him together with another intern, Harry. Alsan saw him and immediatley had to bite his lip to stop himself from laughing. Peter was unamused. Aslan composed himself and stepped forward, making his prescence known."Hey everyone! I'm your tour guide, Aslan. Please come over here to get your visitor's badge."Flash pushed everyone out of the way, puffing up his chest and striding forwards. When he reached Aslan, however, Aslan ignored him and passed a badge to the girl behind him. Flash's face became a unique shade of puce, mixed with bright red. Aslan just finished passing out badges, Flash being the last one to get it. Peter just pulled out his personal badge. Alsan directed them to the scanners. "Now, there are multiple levels of badges. It goes from white 1, being the lowest, to Gold 10. I'm not going to explain most of them, but the Lowest levels, White 1-4, are fore tours and press, and the Highest levels, Gold 9-10 are for the avengers. Tony Stark, however, has the only existing Platinum badge, due to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Shuri

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker is Bucky Barnes's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Protective Natasha Romanov
Mama Spider
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra Peter Parker
Peter Parker Speaks Russian
Flash is a dick
Peter can Drive
Bucky loves guns
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky loves motorcycles
Natasha Romanov Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Natasha Romanov is So Done
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
no spiderman
yet - Freeform
what did I do

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Shuri

