Chapter 1



Notes:
** Please do not share, repost, translate, or create printed copies of this fic without my express permission.




Chapter Text




_______They first appeared on his tenth birthday after a very long day of games and laughter and for some god-awful reason, a clown. It was a very long day for him, not only because it was his birthday, but because his father had decided today was the day he grew up. So the laughter and games and the horrible clown were actually there for the other children, while Tony Stark was expected to sit and smile, and watch them all have fun.They all left around sundown, just as Jarvis and the maids had begun setting the dinner table in the dinning room. No one was allowed to stay for supper, because as Howard plainly put it, 'dinner is for family.'So, with a heavy heart and a newfound fear of clowns, Tony sat at his father's right hand side and tried to smile back at his mother sitting across from him. Howard had begun to talk, as he had a habit of doing so during most of their dinners, and Tony tried not to tune him out. His own mind was always racing, always finding connections and then coming up with shorter, faster ways to get the same conclusion. His father was the same, which was why they often butted heads, or so Tony liked to imagine. They both ran with ideas at the same time, and ended up missing what the other was saying. That was the logical conclusion.Like right now, Howard was speaking, and Tony was distracted by an improved idea of a handheld device that shoots electricity. He had been so focused on the shape of the thing, the shorter, faster connection, that he failed to hear his father's question."Anthony Howard Stark!"His full name meant he had clearly misstepped, and for an already miserable day, Tony could only expect it to get worse from here on out."I'm sorry, I was—""Not listening, as usual," Howard snapped, "No matter how I try to teach you, how is it you never pay attention? What do we pay that rotten school for, I honestly wonder."Tony looked down at his plate immediately, knowing the question was both rhetorical and meant to draw an argument from him. He loved his school, it was the only place where he felt like he could really push himself. At home, he was encouraged to think, obviously, but to think in only one direction. Howard's direction."Darling, he does very well in school, you have seen his grades," Tony's mother interjected in his place, earning her a secret smile from Tony."I've seen them," Howard agreed in a huff, "But I can't help but wonder how he achieves it, sometimes. You better not be cheating, boy."Tony jerked his head up, and there was no power in the world that could stop him from expressing his anger in that moment.
Cheating?! Him? After all the work and time he'd put into his school work, extra hours just to be sure he was right. To be sure he was more than right, that he brought something entirely new to the subject. After all this, his father says he's cheating?
He stood abruptly, sending his chair falling backwards against the thick carpet. There's no satisfying crash, nothing to dull that wave of pure rage flowing through him. So, he let it all out."How dare you!?" he bellowed in his young, high pitched voice. "How dare you say that!"Howard was always quick to anger, and even quicker when it was Tony being, well, anything but silent and agreeable.His voice came out lined with ice, and Tony regretted even breathing in this moment. Ever the disappointment, ever the failure."You are not to speak to me like this, ever again. You do not raise your voice at me, in my house, anywhere! Do you understand?""I do-" Tony began to reply, only to stop when a gut-wrenching pain flared up in his back. More specifically, his shoulder blades felt like they'd caught on fire. It was so sharp, and sudden, he actually cried out when he usually handled pain much better. Especially around Howard."Anthony?!" his mother gasped, already rushing around the table to him.Howard scoffed at her, "Oh ignore it, it's just a little act to get attention. He just doesn't like the negative attention."Tony wanted to say, 'no, but who does?' or maybe, 'Dad, i'm dying.' But he didn't , he just screamed, because the pain was getting worse, and there was definitely something wet dribbling down his back, now. He swung his hands back as best he can, twisting his arms around to try to reach his shoulder blades. He couldn't and the movement only seemed to make things worse, sending another blinding flash of pain throughout his entire body."Wh-what... what is t-this?!" he whimpered, hunching over into his mother's arms. She let out a horrified noise and turned to her husband.Something in her voice was so desperate, Tony started to really worry. "He needs a doctor! He's bleeding, Howard.""Let me see," his dad ordered, pushing her to the side gently, and lifting Tony's shirt.He couldn't help it, Tony screamed again, and there was a moment of blackness around him be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Wings
Alternate Universe - Wings
Winged Tony
Alternate Universe
Obadiah is a dick
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Howard stark is not the biggest evil
Slight Wing Kink
Bonding
Soulmates
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
tws
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Freyr - Freeform
Freyja - Freeform
Alvheim
Elves
FrostIron - Freeform
Self-Mutilation

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

