Work Text:
Erik wakes suddenly and takes a deep breath, and realises that there is nothing.There are no wires, there are no pipes. There are no handles or clocks or buttons or zips. There are screws or divets or washers or bolts. There are no rings or necklaces or bracelets or cufflinks, no knives or forks or spoons. There are no bedframes or window latches or taps or plugs. There are no guns and no knives.And his mind is just as empty; there is no comfort there. There is no quiet reassurance, no auxiliary layer of confidence and belief and hope that keeps him afloat when his own fails. There is no murmur of companionship, no unspoken promise of acceptance.There is no soul brushing against his own, warm and affectionate and intelligent and terrifyingly powerful.He opens his eyes and sees the room that surrounds him, the clinical white and translucent cage that is everything he is not. It is unfamiliar and unwelcoming and it is his prison for a crime that he hasn’t committed.Before Charles, he had metal to fill the aching gaps. Now he has nothing, and he has no idea how the world has ended so suddenly. ** Charles wakes to the sound of hammering on his door, and voices.He stretches lazily, the late summer sun streaking in through the half-open curtains. He’s alone in his bed, but that’s not unusual – especially since he’s starting sleeping late into the morning on weekends. It’s a luxury that he’s not often allowed himself but one that he’s finding he enjoys, regardless.He rolls out of bed ungracefully, and stumbles across the room whilst his brain tries its very hardest to wake up. The voice that’s calling his name through the door is distinctly female, but doesn’t sound like Moira – Raven, perhaps, trying out a new form. He smiles as he reaches for the handle – he’s always liked analysing Raven’s disguises with her.He opens the door and his smile slides off his face. He’s fairly sure that the look of shock on the three strangers’ faces is mirrored in his own, but he has no time to ask before the woman with the red hair reaches out, and then he’s gone. ** He wakes for the second time with a headache, and opens his eyes to a bright light.The room he’s in now looks like a medical room of sorts – it’s very clean, all brushed steel and shining screens. There are machines that he’s never seen before, but they all seem to be hooked up to him somehow with electrodes placed strategically all over his body, but mostly across his head where it isn’t covered with hair.He takes a moment, breathes, and spreads it out logically. There are new mutants in his house. In any other circumstances he would be delighted but these mutants attacked him, and have him in a strange room and appear to be monitoring him whilst he’s unconscious. He needs to talk to these people – most importantly, he needs to contact Raven because they’ll be wondering where he is. He could have been knocked out for ten minutes, or ten hours, he has no idea.He doesn’t even know where he is right now.He eases his mind out of the room, down the darkened corridors that feel uncomfortably familiar even though he’s never been here before in his life. There’s a lift just a few feet away and he follows it up, and his stomach drops.These rooms don’t exist – they can’t. And yet here they are, nestled deep underneath his own childhood home, a whole network of secret places hidden away that he’s fairly sure were never here before. Even his step-father didn’t build anything as extensive as this.He widens his search, takes in the whole house, and his mind stutters at the sheer number of mutants wandering through the rooms – mostly teenagers, but adults too. He can sense a telepath, a pyrokinetic, a weather manipulator, a cryokinetic, there’s a girl who controls plasmoids and one who walks through walls and his heart burns at the thought of so many, safe under one roof.But he can’t find his own mutants. There’s someone who feels so much like Alex, and another whose mind reads exactly like Sean, but he can’t find Raven. He can’t find Hank. He can’t find Moira. And he can’t find Erik.The momentary affection that he felt for these people is quickly crushed in the sudden loss of all of his closest friends, and now all he can feel is anger. The screens that are attached to all of those machines flicker briefly, and they beep a little louder and a little more urgently. And he thinks, they’ve taken her, and thinks that he’s been calm and logical for long enough now, and the machines shudder in their places. And he thinks, they’ve taken him, and they scream in warning and overload as he rips the electrodes from his body.He heads straight for the most powerful mutant that he can find in the house – the telepath, an omega. The corridors are slightly disorientating at first but this is his home and he needs to find them, and behind him the floor is littered with sleeping students that fell as soon as he saw them.The three of them stand when he walks into the lounge, and the man’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

