Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky can’t even make it to his front door, collapsing on weak limbs on the small landing between the second and third floors of his apartment building with a gutted and defeated noise. The paper grocery bags he had been holding clatter to the floor with him, contents scattering, a can of soup rolling and thunking down a few stairs, noise deafening on Bucky’s sensitive ears. He had more time, he had more time, his cycle always timely and reliable but this was two days, two days, ahead of schedule. His stomach roils, pain icy hot shooting up his spine. He can already feel sweat begin to bead on his brow and he lets out another small noise, pained and high, trying to blindly gather the items he had dropped in a valiant effort.When he opens his eyes, ones he didn’t even realize were shut, his mind swims, makes him duck his head and fall forward onto all fours. He has to get up, he has to move, it’s so dangerous being out here as an unbonded Omega with their heat settling in at a rapid and unplanned pace. He could get hurt, could get really hurt, this being one of the most dangerous situations someone like him could find himself in. He’s letting out soft pained noises, tells himself to be quiet, that he shouldn’t draw any extra attention to himself, and he decides to leave the groceries behind.He drags his body up a few more steps, entire form shaking and sweltering, eyes weepy in fear when he feels himself grow slick between his legs, doesn’t need anything else to draw attention to himself, needs to get up just a few more steps so he can stand and walk to his door, needs to get to his door—He hears heavy footsteps, frantic and hefty, and stifles a sob. He can’t let anyone find him, can’t be seen, but it’s useless, he knows his scent is heavy to anyone within a mile radius, knows it was only a matter of time. He rolls onto his back as best he can on the few stairs he settles on, better to fight off anyone who comes at him, just as another wave of cramps rolls through his core. He wants to cry, wants to whine, but he can’t, slaps a hand over his mouth to stifle his sobs, and—“Bucky?!”Bucky opens his eyes and looks up just in time to see Steve Rogers hurtling down the steps above his trembling form and he shouts out a sob in relief, both at the sight of someone trustworthy and at such a big, beautiful, unbonded Alpha. His nose and his head and his body fill with Steve’s comforting Alpha scent, cinnamon and West Coast forests and warmth, and it makes Bucky let out a soft pleased purr.“Bucky, honey oh god, what…oh shit.”Bucky watches through hazy vision as Steve takes in the sight of Bucky laying so helplessly in such a compromised position, watches his chest heave as he scents the air, so close, and seeing Steve react to his own scent has him purring some more, rolling onto his side in an attempt to push himself off the floor.“Oh, baby I got ya, don’t worry, shh,” Steve coos, his voice running across Bucky’s sensitive body like silk, sending goosebumps up his spine and Bucky hears more pitiful noises rush from his mouth. His mind swims, thoughts consumed by Steve, Alpha, even though he knows it’s just his neighbor. His sweet, respectful, ex-military turned artist, built as fuck neighbor who he’s been flirting with and pining after for months now. His sweet Alpha neighbor who is unbonded and who is picking up Bucky into his arms, cradling him to his broad chest like he weighs nothing more than a feather.“Steve,” is all Bucky can breathe into the skin of his neck, winding his limbs around Steve’s body, unable to stop himself, reel himself in, from full-on scenting the other man, of running his nose along the sensitive skin of his neck, breathing in deeply right under his ear. Steve feels so good, smells so good, makes Bucky want to rub his body all over his bigger one, his Alpha one, make him feel so good, so good. His clothes feel itchy, too confining, he knows his pants have to feel wet to the touch under Steve’s hands and that makes him keen, makes him mewl into Steve’s cheek.“Oh, Buck god, sweetheart you’re a mess, what are you doin’ outside during your heat, sugar? Huh?” Steve presses as he walks swiftly towards Bucky’s door and god his voice is so deep and perfect and it makes his toes curl in his boots. He’s never reacted in such a way to anyone before, heat or not, but he knew this would happen, has purposely avoided Steve a few days before and after his heat, especially during.“Isn’t…wasn’t supposed to…to s-start today. S’early, god, Steve,” he breathily explains with a lilt of a whine. He feels Steve dig into his jacket pocket for his keys and he wants more, wants Steve to keep talking to him, wants him to hold him close, wants him to help the ache in his body, deep in his body. He clings to Steve when he feels him pull away a little to open the door, whimpering, and he can’t help it, his baser instincts take over, and he mouths at Steve’s scent gland, runs his tongue over it in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Protective Steve Rogers
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Protective Steve
Biting
Blow Jobs
Praise Kink
Size Kink
Size Difference
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Feminization
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Rimming
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Original Character(s)
Recreational Drug Use
Thighs
Protective Bucky Barnes
Knotting
Artist Steve Rogers
Face-Sitting
Face-Fucking
Frottage
Squirting
Kitchen Sex
Subspace
Bathtub Sex
Fingerfucking
Crying
Overstimulation
Falling In Love
Love Confessions
Boys In Love
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Slick squirting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

