Chapter 1: Bruce Banner
    


Summary:

💥Bruce loves you, but don't get him too excited, otherwise the bigger guy might come out instead!





Chapter Text
A - After sex
• Bruce is very concerned for you after sex. He'll make sure you have some water and give you a wipe down with a towel. B - Bottom or Top?
• Bruce is a top. He has to be. If he bottoms, he'll put you in danger because if the pain gets too intense, he could turn into the green monster. C - Cum
• Bruce cums a pretty average amount. He prefers to cum inside you - breeding you raw.
• He'll cum on your body or in your mouth if you'd like, but it's not his favourite. D - Dress up
• Bruce isn't that keen on dressing up, unless he's in his lab coat and you pretend to be his slutty assistant. E - Experience
• Bruce doesn't have a lot of experience. He never got much action pre-Hulk and had to be very careful post-Hulk. He doesn't want to hurt anyone - so he has to be able to trust them. F - Favourite bodypart
• Bruce's favourite part of a body, as cheesy as it is, is your eyes. Bruce doesn't care much for the aesthetics, but he does love looking into your eyes. • • He can see if you're enjoying yourself, or in pain, or upset. G - Gag reflex
• Bruce has a bit of a sensitive gag reflex, but it can't be tested too much. If his heart rate gets too intense, the Hulk comes out, so you need to be careful. H - Hair
• As stated before, Bruce doesn't care much for aesthetics including himself, so he lets his body hair grow out. He has a nice hairy chest and a bushy trail.
• He does enjoy shaving his beard down to a messy stubble though, as he doesn't want the complete 'mad scientist' look.I - Intimacy
• Bruce is an extremely intimate person. He prefers the pillowtalk to the sex. He opens up about his insecurities and worries to you a lot and it means a lot to him to have you cuddle up to him. J - Jerking
Bruce doesn't jerk off. He doesn't trust himself to not get too excited. He used to do it a lot back when he was working for his PHD but now he doesn't dare. K - Kinks
• Bruce loves it when you ask him sciencey questions and make him feel smart. He also loves it when you remember the complicated information.
• He's also a big fan of being called 'Doctor'. L - Lube
• To make sure he absolutely doesn't hurt you, Bruce makes sure he's always got a bottle of lube around and makes sure to apply a generous amount of it - just in case. M - Massages
• Bruce loves the idea of giving and receiving a massage. It's the perfect way to relax him after a long day of trying to work shit out.
• Get some scented candles and warm oil and you'll make him a very happy scientist. N - Nope (turn offs)
• Bruce just doesn't want to hurt you. If you look like you're in any sort of pain, Bruce will not be into it. He just wants to make you feel good. O - Oral
• Bruce is always happy with the idea of getting a blowjob during long hours of working. A blowjob under the desk is a great way to make him feel better.
• Bruce loves to eat you out even more though. He knows exactly what to do with his tongue to drive you crazy - he can make you cum hands free from just eating you out if he wants. P - Position/Place (Favourite sex position and where)
• Bruce prefers it slow and sensual. He doesn't want to go too fast and let the Hulk out. Sometimes he might turn a very faint shade of green if you're too intense.
• He also prefers that you be in charge so he will often ask for you to ride him. You can take it nice and slow, so he doesn't hurt you.
• Bruce likes it to be in the bedroom, where he feels safe. Q - Quickie
• Dr Banner does not enjoy a quickie. Not only is it a risk for you and the people in a 10 mile radius, but he also just prefers to make love at night, when there's no rush or worries. R - Risky
• Bruce has learned to not take risks. He's learned the consequences if he does - such as being cursed by the 'big guy'.
• Although, sometimes he'll like the idea of rubbing your thigh in a public area - but that's about it.S - Sexts
• Bruce won't jerk off with you online, he finds it a bit boring. However, if you ask, he'll happily send you a dick pic or a shirtless pic. T - Toys
• Bruce sometimes will invent toys for you to play with when he's not around, including a green dildo that actually self produces cum.
• He'll encourage you to use them when he's not around, but he doesn't particularly enjoy doing anything with them, himself.U - Underwear
• Bruce doesn't have very exciting underwear. Some basic boxer shorts - again, not an aesthetic person.
• He does appreciate it though when you just wear a pair of underwear and his lab coat around the house. V - Volume
• Bruce is a quiet moaner. He doesn't want to get too intense and scare you, incase you think his grunt is actually a roar.
• Sometimes when it gets too intense he makes noises that are very deep and animalistic but luckily it's not the point of no return. W - Wrecking Ball
• Bruce is a careful man. If he's in the lab, he doesn't w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Drax the Destroyer/Reader
Heimdall (Marvel)/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Nick Fury/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Quill/Reader
Phil Coulson/Reader
Pietro Maximoff & Reader
Quentin Beck/Reader
Ronan the Accuser/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Scott Lang/Reader
Stephen Strange/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
T'Challa/Reader
Thanos (Marvel)/Reader
Thor/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Vision (Marvel)/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Yondu Udonta & Reader
Erik Killmonger/Reader

freeform: 
NSFW Alphabet
nsfw abc
aftersex
botTom
Top - Freeform
cum
Dress Up
Roleplay
Gag reflex
Body Hair
Intimacy
jerking off
Masturbation
Kinks
Doctor Kink
Lube
Spit As Lube
No Lube
Massage
Foot Massage
Blow Jobs
Ass Play
ass eating
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Riding
Sex Positions
69 (Sex Position)
Sex
Gay Sex
Quickies
risky sex
Semi-Public Sex
Public Sex
Sexting
Sex Toys
Improvised Sex Toys
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Underwear
Jock Straps
Moaning
Dirty Talk
Dick Size
Penis Size
Aliens
Alien Sex
Asgard
Asgard (Marvel)
Asgardian Magic (Marvel)
kings - Freeform
Royalty
Wakanda (Marvel)

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Drax the Destroyer/Reader
Heimdall (Marvel)/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Nick Fury/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Quill/Reader
Phil Coulson/Reader
Pietro Maximoff & Reader
Quentin Beck/Reader
Ronan the Accuser/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Scott Lang/Reader
Stephen Strange/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
T'Challa/Reader
Thanos (Marvel)/Reader
Thor/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Vision (Marvel)/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Yondu Udonta & Reader
Erik Killmonger/Reader

