Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
Soulmate marks had been studied for as long as people had been receiving them – seemingly random marks that would appear on certain people at certain times, linking them together. Bonding them.
              Of course, even with centuries of study, no one could truly explain the marks. Certainly not everyone received one, and there seemed to be no rhyme or reason to the people blessed with them. They came from all situations and statuses.
              Some people had dedicated their lives to figuring out the symbolism of each mark. Some delicate flowers, or solid lines, or whorls and swirls. All different colors of the rainbow. They could appear on any part of the body. They could appear at any young age. Some people were born with them, some appeared as late as their teens, although it was certain that they appeared in your youth. There had never been an instance of a soulmate mark appearing on anyone over the age of eighteen.
              But it was true that soulmates were your literal ‘other half’. They were the perfect partners. Having a soulmate was the thing that every child dreamed about.
             
              Tony Stark woke up with his soulmate mark painlessly sketched on his stomach underneath his ribs when he was ten years old.
              Of course, he did what any ten-year-old would do when he discovered that, yes, he was one of the special ones that had a soulmate out there that would love and complete him. He ran to the kitchen where his father was just beginning his morning coffee and eagerly pulled up his pajama shirt, showing him the emblem that had appeared on his pale skin.
              Howard Stark spit out his coffee when he saw it.
              He grabbed his son and pulled him closer to be sure, be absolutely sure, and then whispered achingly “That’s Steve’s mark.”
              Tony didn’t really understand at first. Steve? The only Steve that Tony knew about was Steve Rogers, and he knew that Captain America was lost somewhere. Dead, his mother had whispered, but your father has… a hard time letting go.
              “Do you know what this means?” Howard had breathed, his eyes lighting up in a way that Tony couldn’t remember seeing before. His hands dug into Tony’s slight arms just a little too hard. “Steve’s alive! He has to be! That’s what this means… I can find him…”
              Tony was well-used to his fathers rambling, but there was something unsettling about this, about the way Howard rattled Tony’s thin frame with excited shakes.
              But Tony was still naïve, still wanted even just a piece of this joy that his father was showing to be shown to him, and he asked his own question before he could stop himself. “Steve… is my soulmate?”
              Howard’s head snapped down, and his burning eyes met Tony’s inquisitive ones. Howard’s eyes went dark, and the excitement was replaced with something that left Tony feeling all too cold. Something he would later recognize as his father’s disappointment.
“You’re not good enough for him.” Howard said lowly.
Tony wasn’t surprised.
He wasn’t good enough for anyone.
+-+-+-+-+
              Bearing the mark of Captain America didn’t get any easier. Especially not in his family. It was barely spoken of in their household. Sometimes Howard would demand to see it, like as long as Tony still had the mark, Steve must still be out there, somewhere, and Howard would find him.
              But most of the time they all pretended that it didn’t exist. Which was easy enough, seeing as most of the time it seemed like they were pretending that Tony didn’t exist either.
              As Tony got older, he started hiding his mark. Lying to classmates and bedmates and reporters. No, he did not have a soulmate mark. And everyone believed him. Of course, his playboy ways certainly helped perpetuate the lie.         
               It wasn’t hard, simply keeping his shirt in place during his frequent one-night stands, then later on moving to cover it up with water-proof makeup, and eventually designing his own piece of incredibly adhesive tech that matched his skin tone practically seamlessly.
              No one saw the ink-black half circle cradling a bright yellow star.
              Tony could barely stand to look at it. He knew his father was right. Even if Captain America came back one day, Tony Stark was not good enough for him.
              And then after Afghanistan he didn’t let anyone get close enough to risk seeing the mark anyways.
              Well, there was Pepper. Almost.
              And Tony trusted her more then perhaps he’d ever trusted someone in his life. She saw the patch on his stomach, and when she asked he told her the truth. His soulmate was dead. Of course he was dead. Howard hadn’t managed to find his corpse, but he was still gone.
 She held him that night and never brought it up again.
              But eventually he was too much for her. He didn’t blame her. N
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Romantic Soulmates
Miscommunication
Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Threesome - M/M/M
Getting Together
Hurt Tony
Eventual Happy Ending
author plays fast and loose with canon

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

