Chapter 1: Chaperone?
    




Chapter Text
Peter Benjamin Parker-Stark had been in his usual fourth period science class near the end of the day when it happened and Ohh boy was it bad. For starters, well Flash had been usually obnoxious, Mj hadn’t been around much, Ned was out sick. SO, when Mr. Harrington decided to announce the upcoming field trip, Peter could only cross his fingers that it was somewhere good… heck he would take okay at this point. However, that didn’t happen.“Alright class settle down. Hey, Mr. Parker, wake up.” Mr. Harrington waved his hand in front of the teen; Peter had once again been daydreaming.“What… ohh right.” Pete looked towards the front of the room and the small laugh of one Flash Thompson could be heard from the back of the room. Pete let go a long sigh and fiddled with his hands.“Okay, as I was saying… Class, we have determined the location of our next field trip. And the school has approved it, so now I will be passing out permission slips.” Mr. Harrington pulled open a desk drawer and handed the papers out to each row.“The field trip will be to… (drum roll please) ... Stark Industries! However, please ask your parents if anyone would like to chaperon the trip. Stark Industries gave us 5 parental slots as well.” All of the class broke out in cheers… all except for one.Pete just slammed his head on his desk and muffled under his breath… “Wonderful… absolutely F***ing wonderful.” Then another loud cheer could be heard.“Haha, Penis Parker, you ready for you lies to be exposed!” Pete was ready to just leave the class, but he didn’t. Peter let one longer sigh and settled in for the long ride that would be science class.Later in the day.After a full hour and half, the bell wrung out throughout the school and the many teens of Midtown high ran for the front doors. Pete was one of the first to make it out and he was glad for that. He didn’t want to stick around and listen to Flash talk about ‘lies’ and that such.A blacked-out Audi SUV was parked at the front of the school and Pete headed straight for it. Happy had been picking him up for the past year. After May had passed away, Tony and Pepper had made the executive decision to adopted Peter and so Happy was more or less his chauffeur.Happy hated being call a chauffeur but what was he going to do about it?
Pete unslung his backpack from around his right shoulder and threw it into the back of the car and then Pete hopped in the passenger seat. While everyone else on the team seemed to ride in the back, Peter never wanted that, he enjoyed the view of the front seat.Right before the door closed, the voice of one Flash Thompson could be heard saying. “Hey look, Penis is going back to the orphanage!” Pete rolled his eyes and looked to Happy, who hadn’t really been paying attention.However, the man’s exterior tone changed when he saw the boy’s frown. “Hey, why don’t we go get some hamburgers and something for Morgan?” Peter nodded; he wasn’t one for talking at that point.After the small shopping spree.“Thanks, Happy.” Pete gave the man a small side hug before grabbing his things and a small gift bag. Peter walked over to the private elevator that stood on the far side of the large parking garage.All of the Avenger’s vehicles were in the garage, some SUVs, two spider bikes, a few exotic cars, another motorcycle, and a Russian utility vehicle… something Bucky wanted. Pete walked past all the over vehicle and the doors of the elevator opened.Karen’s voice came from above with a short message. “Hello Junior, Mr. Stark and the rest of the Avengers are upstairs in the penthouse.” Pete nodded to himself and stepped through the threshold of the elevator doorway. He let go a soft sigh, he was home.“Where’s Morgan?” Karen only took a few seconds to respond.“She’s upstairs with Mrs. Stark.” Pete once again nodded to himself and the elevator moved upwards towards the penthouse.The doors of the elevator opened once again and revealed all of the Avengers who were currently in the living room. Wanda, Sam, Clint, and Buck were all playing Smash Bros and Nat sat on the corner of the sofa with a book in hand.“Hey Junior!” All of them seemed to call out a once and Pete haply replied with. “Hey Guys, what’s going on.”“Nat beat all of us 5 to 0 so, were trying to fix our self-esteem by playing with birdbrain.” Sam was the one to respond and Nat had a small smile come across her face.“Hey!” Clint yelled in response to the four,“You know it’s true.” And now all six of them were laughing.“Hey what’s so funn… Hey Junior!” Steve had looked out from the kitchen; he was trying to make dinner for the group as always and for once the stove hadn’t magically broken… he blamed Strange and/or Loki for that one.“So, what took you so long?” Tony’s voice came from down the hall and Pete looked that way, Tony’s face was a mix of, ‘I already know’ and ‘she’s in her bedroom.’ “Umm… shopping for Morgan…” Tony nodded, Pete had always managed to get Morgan something or another
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker - Relationship

freeform: 
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Field Trip
Field Trip to SI
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Adopted Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings
May's dead
sorry - Freeform
no ended game
no ffh
no civil war
no infinty war
none of that shit in my house!
Harley Keener tour guide

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker - Relationship

