Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter’s first heat came later than most. He was 16. Up to that point, he had assumed that he was a beta, since alphas and omegas usually have their first cycle a couple years earlier. Hell, he knew a couple people who had gotten their first cycle when they were 13. Generally, if someone hasn’t had their cycle by 16, they’re considered a beta, but it doesn’t become official until they turn 18, just to be sure. He woke one morning feeling warm. He wasn’t coughing, though, so he figured it was just an early warning sign of a cold or something. It was also the day of a pre-calc test, so he couldn’t really afford to miss. The teacher was one of those crabby sorts who considered anything that required flexibility to be a personal insult. He got up and dressed himself slowly. The test was early in the day, so maybe once it was done he could call Aunt May and ask her to pick him up. Or at least to call the school and have him excused for the rest of the day. Peter didn’t get sick very often. Missing a couple days probably wouldn’t set him too far behind. He trudged out to the living room. Aunt May was humming along to a song on the sound system. Peter just poured himself a cup of tea and sat down at the kitchen table. “Morning,” Aunt May said. “Morning,” Peter groaned. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. She regarded him for a moment. She hid it well, but Peter could tell that she was more worried about him these days. Losing Uncle Ben was bad enough. Learning that her nephew was Spiderman? Well… it took her a long time to come around. “You don’t look so good,” she said. “You feeling all right?” “I dunno,” Peter replied. “I feel warm.”Aunt May was a beta. Uncle Ben had been a beta. According to them, both of Peter’s parents had been betas. Basically, everyone in the family was a beta. The odds of someone in the family not being a beta was… well, it was astronomical, to be honest. It was known to happen, though, like how a gene for red hair could lay dormant for generations before it popped up suddenly.However, it wasn’t exactly something people expected. Aunt May walked over and sniffed. She didn’t seem surprised by anything, which was a relief. “You smell a little funny,” she said. “You want me to call the school? Maybe it would be better to stay home, just in case.” “I can’t,” Peter said. “I got a test today in pre-calc. I can’t miss it.” “You can make up the test, Peter,” she said. “Your health is more important than a grade.” “I was thinking that I could text you when it’s done and you could call the school,” Peter said. “If I feel like I’m getting worse, anyway.”“If you’re sure,” she said. “You better ace that test, though, you hear me?” “I’ll try, Aunt May,” Peter replied. He managed a weak smile. He finished his tea and had a light breakfast in case he started to feel nauseous later. There were worse things than toast and fruit for breakfast, after all. He managed to pack his backpack up and headed out before he could think better of it. Pre-calc was third period. Before that, he had Spanish, then AP US history. The history class was boring as hell and the teacher was a couple years from retirement and had stopped enforcing the rules in class. He might be able to take it easy. The walk to school was… so hard. It felt like a chore just to be out of the apartment. Maybe he wasn’t as fine as he thought he was. He shook himself off, though, and kept walking. It was a couple blocks to the metro station, and then a short jaunt until he got off at the exit where the school was, and then another couple blocks. He could do this. It was an ambitious plan, it turned out. When he finally reached the place where he, MJ, and Ned met every morning, he felt like he was dying. He was sweating a lot more than he should be for the time of year. November wasn’t exactly known for being a warm month. The two of them shared a look as he approached. “You okay, dude?” Ned asked. “You don’t look so good.” Peter just groaned in response. “Aunt May asked me the same thing when I got up this morning,” he said. “I don’t even know.” “If I get sick because of you, I’m sending you the bill,” MJ said. “I will bury you in medical debt.”“You’re so mean,” Peter said. “Don’t come to school sick,” she replied with a shrug. “We got that test today, remember?” Peter said. “I’m staying until then and then I’m leaving.”“If you make it that long,” she countered. “Bet he could do it,” Ned said.“Bet he can’t,” MJ replied. “The stakes?” Ned asked, narrowing his eyes. “Really?” Peter sighed. “You come to my house and clean my room,” MJ said. “Fine. If I win, you have to be my partner for the history presentation, and I get to add all the special effects I want,” Ned said. MJ frowned with consideration before she shrugged and extended her hand. “Deal,” she said. Ned took it and they did the secret handshake the three of them shared. “Peter, you have to let us know who wins.”“I think I hate you two,” Peter sighed. Abo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Wade Wilson
Alpha Eddie Brock
Pack Dynamics
Slut Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is 18
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Polyamory
Dom/sub
Sub Peter Parker
Fluff and Smut
Cuddling & Snuggling
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Pack Bonding
Barebacking
Masturbation
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor

