Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“There a reason you’re still here?” Dan, Mae’s grumpy but really-caring-once-you-got-to-know-him boss asked. Mae was trying to fix an alternator on a ’89 Toyota, hands covered in grease and distracted enough that she didn’t even think to grab her phone from her worn overalls to check the time.Looking up at Dan she could see he was on his fourth or fifth coffee of the day. Drinking out of a cracked white mug that barely covered his impressive moustache. His silver-white hair was short but threatened to curl still, if they were back in Kansas Mae would fully expect him to live the aging cowboy lifestyle.“You got your other job tonight?” he asked.“Not tonight,” she said as she stood up and away from the Toyota. Grabbing a dirty rag to wipe at her hands a bit.“Good,” he said. One simple word but Mae knew him well enough to know he was actually happy about it. He was a firm believer that Mae was working herself to death ever since coming to New York, but given she wasn’t his flesh and blood he left the subject alone. Mostly.Moving to New York wasn’t a debate Mae had to have with herself for long. Especially when Dan called and told her that she was welcome to work in his small mechanic workshop. They both loved classic cars and given that Mae was hurting for opportunities in small town Kansas, it was just a matter of leaving behind the people he’d known her whole life.“Here,” Dan said before throwing her a roll of electrical tape. “Try the wiring on your thermostat panel, if it’s busted that’s usually the first place to look.”Mae caught it and thanked him, getting a grunt in return. Dan never really accepted gratitude. It was a hot summer, hotter than Mae was used to. And her air conditioning in her old, pre-war tinderbox apartment had given up the ghost. It was near the point where she was ready to start sleeping on the rusted fire escape to get some relief.“Get outta here,” Dan said as he turned away and started walking to his workbench. “I’m not paying you overtime.” To get home Mae had to catch a bus, cut through Central Park and then catch the subway. It wasn’t too bad of a commute, although Mae really had nothing to compare it to. Generally, it was nice to go through the park, and the huge trees gave a bit of relief from the summer sun.Strangely, the park was eerily empty today. Very few joggers and almost no-one relaxing on the grass or benches. It was the evening, but it wasn’t dark by any means. Hoisting her backpack up further on her shoulders she shrugged and continued on.An explosion echoed from further into the park and Mae halted in her tracks. Eyes wide as she tried to see where the noise would have come from. From the north a colorful streak arced, but she could have sworn the streak was in the shape of a man. And getting closer.Mae dove out the way as a blur of red and gold careened past her and hit into a massive fig tree, shaking the whole thing and causing it to drop leaves and debris. Scaring away any birds in the area. Mae looked up to see an armour plated leg hanging over the massive root of the tree, an electric spark or two flying from the knee joint as an afterthought.Scrambling to her knees she made her way over to Iron Man, looking over his scuffed and worn armour as he lay without so much of a twitch of his fingers.“Are you okay?” she asked breathless, hands shaking as she touched the chestplate of his armour, a timid tap as if knocking on a door. No response.A yell and a small explosion echoed in the next park over, followed by another that seemed to be a bit closer.“Shit,” she swore and felt around the jaw of his helmet, torn between wanting the hero to be alive and getting the hell out of danger. The faceplate slipped up as her hand ran over a small catch at the back of his left jaw and she let out a surprised squeak.Tony Stark, the man too famous not to know, was very much unconscious. Blood streaming from a cut in his hairline and making a mess of his meticulously trimmed goatee.“You need to get up,” Mae said as she felt for a pulse, finding it slow and steady. Another explosion rocking the canopy of a tree on the other side of the clearing. So much closer than what it was before.Even the suit itself wasn’t responding, Mae had read enough articles on Stark to know an AI had access to, or was housed in, the suit. But the whole thing seemed nothing more than very well crafted plates of metal.Another yell followed by an animalistic growl and Mae felt a spike of fear down her spine, telling her to run. She began to shove against the chestplate, urging him to wake up.“Come on,” she said in a panic and a rectangular panel on the chest lit up in a soft blue light along its edges before sliding to the side. Exposing a panel of complicated wiring. Mae looked over the wiring, most of it intact but some looked damaged. Frayed copper stuck out of some damaged lengths, almost as if the whole thing was ripped apart. A handful of connectors had been pulled from their
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Relationships to be established
It could go anywhere TBH
Awkward Flirting
Drama & Romance
Angst and Fluff and Smut
explicit rating for future chapters
non-canon
readers vote for relationship
Canon-Typical Violence
Car Sex
Shower Sex
Just filth in the last chapters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

