Chapter 1: Alright so you’re Spider-Man
    


Notes:
New Year!New Me!New Fandom?New Fic!!?!?This is a complete fic! There are 19 chapters and I'll update every Wednesday so if you're like me and like to power through a fic all at once, the entire thing will be available for you to devour on May 6th. Otherwise, welcome aboard sailor! I hope you floss because this fic is already responsible for 3 cavities (all mine *cries*).Don't think too hard about canon and timelines and junk. I picked out the interesting bits and plugged them in wherever I wanted. Let me know what you think! I'm working on a sequel and your feedback is the best motivation <3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


.
~Harley~
.
Harley’s head is pounding and his mouth tastes like death. He tries to rub his temples only to discover his hands are restrained behind his back, fingers numb from restricted blood flow. He lifts his chin from his chest and a groan escapes his throat at the pull of stiff neck muscles. He blinks rapidly, trying to clear his vision but the fog is slow to clear.He’s upright in an uncomfortable chair that’s almost too short for his long legs and when he pulls on his bindings they dig into his skin and hold tight against the back of the chair. His heart begins to pound in his chest and the fog clears from his mind as adrenaline takes its place and he remembers.He was at the benefit dinner Tony was hosting to schmooze the 1% into donating to his latest nonprofit. It was definitely Pepper’s idea and Tony’s bitter that it happened to take place while she’s stuck in Hong Kong dealing with a tricky acquisition. Tony was being his usual abrasive self, but it seemed to be going well regardless. People expect that from him now. It also helped to have him and Parker there to soften Tony’s sharp edges and keep him from walking out half-way through. Well… that had been the plan. He probably did exactly that in the end.Harley remembers stepping outside to get some air and Parker following him, happily listening to him make jokes at the expense of all the egotistical rich folks. It was probably the longest they’d ever gone without arguing and it was interrupted by some jerks with chloroform soaked rags. He hit the ground first and was barely conscious when Parker made eye contact with him and then dropped to the ground too.That’s the last thing he remembers.Squinting, he forces his eyes to focus and moves his dry tongue around in his mouth. The room is unfamiliar. Dim light from a cheap electric lantern perched on the edge of a sturdy metal computer desk is the only light source in the room, casting long shadows and leaving the corners dark. Barely visible on the other side of the lantern is a door. It’s closed but has a large cracked window that shows only darkness on the other side. There aren’t any other windows. There’s no furniture. Other than the desk and the lamp, the room is empty.Well, empty except for Parker, tied up and unconscious beside him on a rolling office chair. Harley scowls at the chair and then down at the short metal chair he’s tied to. It’s the kind you’d find in a public school and is very much lacking in wheels and ergonomic support.Not. Fair.He scuffs a brightly polished dress shoe against the floor and is relieved to find that at least his legs aren’t bound. If necessary, he could stand up and make a break for it, taking the chair with him. Hell, he could probably push Parker in front of him with his chest and get them both out of here. Assuming they don’t run into any stairs… or doors.He glowers at the closed door in the corner and mourns his easily foiled plan. He shakes his head, willing the fog in his brain to clear and the panic rioting his chest to calm as he takes a closer look around.The cracked and dirty concrete floor is unlike anything you’d ever find in a Stark building so he decides pretty quickly that they’ve definitely been taken away from the tower. Unfortunately, he doesn’t know how long he was unconscious so he doesn’t have any idea how far away they could be right now. Stupidly, he wishes he knew more about chloroform. His focus has always been more on mechanics and engineering rather than chemistry.He thinks they’re probably squatting somewhere where they either don’t have electricity or where turning on the lights would lead to someone calling the cops. He strains his ears but doesn’t hear anything. It takes an embarrassing amount of time for him to figure out why that worries him.Last he knew, they were in the heart of Manhattan and in New York it’s never quiet. Even in the upper floors of the tower where he’s been staying for the past several months, you can always hear faint sirens, honking from cars below, and the roar of jets flying overhead. He’s still not really used to it. He wonders if he’ll ever be used to it.He flexes his fingers behind his back with a grimace. He can barely feel his arms, let alone his fingers. He pulls a co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Harley Keener
Protective Harley Keener
BAMF Peter Parker
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
POV Alternating
Hurt Peter Parker
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Alternate Universe - Canon
There's A Tag For That
Timelines Are Nothing to Me
Not Canon Compliant
Canon has been slow roasted and picked apart for the juiciest bits
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Sassy Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Platonic Cuddling
Identity Reveal
Slow Burn
I Tried
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Gay Harley Keener
Bisexual Peter Parker
Complete
The Avengers make a couple appearances but not enough to warrant tags
Harley Keener as Iron Lad
eventually

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

