Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I just got him to sleep, I’m not wakin’ him up,” Steve murmured as he smiled at his phone. Bucky’s face stared back at him on the screen, the brunet alpha looking quite amused with himself. The blond was standing in the kitchen, the room furthest away from their bedroom where their omega was napping.
“I hear ya, I hear ya. He’s doin’ okay?” Bucky asked, brow furrowing lightly. The smaller alpha shrugged lightly.
“As well as he can. He misses you. Found yer old dog tags stashed under his pillow yesterday and I found a nest of yer clothes tucked into a closet,” he told the brunet, scratching the back of his head. “We both miss you.”
“I miss you guys too. So much. It’s just another couple of months and then we’ll be a family again,” Bucky told him with a smile. “How was the last appointment?”
“Great. His due date should be a couple days after you get back so hopefully you won’t miss it,” Steve told him excitedly.
“Good, I wanna be there when he pops. I want the whole experience, broken hand and all!”
“You’re ridiculous, Buck.”
“Steeeeeve!”
“There’s the lil devil now,” Bucky murmured fondly. “Lemme see ‘im.”
Steve laughed and nodded his head, walking out of the kitchen and heading towards the bedroom. He opened the door and sighed when their omega was nowhere in sight on the bed. He made his way towards their closet and opened the door, pointing his phone at the brunet curled up in all of the clothes.
“Hey Tony,” Bucky called, drawing the omega out of the nest. Sleepy eyes blinked up at the phone before he made grabby hands for the phone.
“Alpha,” Tony whined, drawing the word out as Steve handed over the phone. “Hi, alpha.”
“Are you in the closet, sweetheart? Hiding in alpha’s clothes?”
“Maybe. Have both of my alphas in here with me,” the omega murmured, his cheeks pinking lightly. Steve grunted softly as he got down and crawled into the nest, wrapping his arms around the omega and resting his hands on the rather large bump taking up most of his abdomen. The closet was a little cramped for the both of them but neither cared.
“I see that, babydoll. You look tired, you should get some more sleep. Maybe in our actual bed, hm? Anyway, I gotta go,” Bucky told him gently, looking over his shoulder when he heard someone call his name. “Take care of each other, yeah? I’ll be back soon.”
“Bye, alpha,” Tony purred before kissing the phone.
“Bye, Bucky. Stay safe and come home to us,” Steve ordered. Bucky laughed, nodding his head and ending the video call. The blond hummed and tucked his phone into his back pocket. “Come on, pretty omega, let’s get you back into bed.”
“But ‘m comfy, Stevie.”
“Yeah, I know, Tones, but alpha said you should rest in our bed. We can move the nest to the bed, would that make you happy?”
“Yeah, alpha,” Tony purred. He took a few moments to get up, one hand on his belly to keep his balance. Steve helped him up and sent him on his way before collecting all of the clothes and blankets laid out on the ground. He dragged them over to the bed and let the brunet put it together.
He and Bucky learned a long time ago to not mess with Tony’s nests without permission.
So he let the omega fiddle and play with the blankets, working them into a large, circular nest and cleaned up the rest of the room. He found Bucky’s old dog tags on the floor next to the bed.
“Y’know, you should just wear these. Think Buck would like that a lot,” he suggested, looking on the bed where Tony was building. The omega looked at him and then looked at the dog tags before making grabby hands at them. Steve laughed and came closer, putting the tags over his head and settling them around the other’s neck.
“Thanks, Stevie. You can get in now, I want you to sleep with me. Hate sleeping alone,” Tony told him with a smile, curling up in the newly formed nest. The blond alpha laughed and crawled in carefully, curling his lithe body around his mate.
-
Steve hummed quietly as he looked at the canvas. He had his supplies set up in a corner of the living room where he always painted, his own little corner of paradise right there in their apartment. Tony was in their bedroom working on his laptop and taking conference calls all day so he thought it was a good moment to catch up on his art.
His current piece was a close-up of Bucky’s eyes, the icy-blue of his irises bright against the pale skin, dark brows, and long lashes that framed them. He sighed as he looked at them. Something deep in his chest ached at just the thought of their mate out somewhere in the desert.
He went to make another stroke across the canvas when someone knocked on the door. He put down his brush and paints and wiped his hands on a dirty rag before making his way to the door, poking his head in the hall to confirm the bedroom door was still closed. He didn’t want to disturb his hardworking mate.
Without bothering to look through the peephole first, he opened the door, thinking it was going to be one of their neighbors asking to borrow sugar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
sergeant bucky barnes - Freeform
Mating Bond
Threesome - M/M/M
Mpreg
Nesting
Fluff and Angst
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Baby Peter Parker
Pregnancy
Established Relationship
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

