Chapter 1: Grief
    




Chapter Text

When they made it back to the Tower, Peter had dozed off. Tony felt bad for having to wake him, but a bed was going to be more comfortable than the car. 
 
“Kid,” Tony said, gently shaking his shoulder. “Kid, we’re here.” Peter made a small noise and opened his eyes. He looked around, confused for a second, before remembering. 
 
“Oh,” Peter said quietly. Tony sighed to himself before getting out of the car. Peter followed after him, his head down. As they rode the elevator, Tony could hear sniffles coming from Peter. 
 
“Oh kid,” Tony said gently, wrapping his arm around Peter’s shoulder. Peter desperately wiped at his face with the sleeves of his sweatshirt, trying to hide that he was crying. Tony gave his shoulder another squeeze, trying to remind the boy that he was there. The rest of the elevator ride was silent, with only a few sniffles from Peter filling the silence. When they reached the penthouse, Tony stepped out first, Peter sticking close to his side.
 
“Here we are,” Tony said, stepping into the common room. Peter looked around. He had been there before, many times. But it felt different. Tony waited for Peter to say something and when he didn’t Tony continued. “You probably want to shower and change. You know where your room is.” Peter just nodded. “I’m just going to be out here, okay?” Peter nodded again before heading down the hallway. As he stepped into the room that was designated as his, he frowned. 
 
The room was nice enough. There was a queen sized bed, which Peter always found to be too big after sleeping in a twin-sized for years. There was no decoration to the room, other than a large periodic table over the bed. It had been nice to Tony to set up the room for him, but it didn’t feel like his. 
 
He quickly rid himself of his clothes and entered the attached bathroom (an idea that was foreign to him after living in an apartment with one bathroom his whole life). He was sure he would’ve been fine, until he stepped into the shower and held his hands up to the water. As the dried blood ran off his hands, the first sob bubbled out of his throat. 
 
May was gone. She was gone and nothing was going to change. He sobbed into the water, his tears mixing in with the water. 
 
His only family left was gone. And he didn’t know how to handle that. 


Tony was worried about Peter from the moment he walked out of the room. He could tell the kid was taking this hard. And Tony just wanted to say the right thing to him to help Peter. After about twenty minutes of Peter leaving the common room, Tony decided he should check in on the kid. 
 
“FRIDAY, where’s Peter?” 
 
“Mr. Parker is in the first guest room, sitting on the bed.” Tony sighed, wondering what kind of thoughts were running through the kids’ head as he just sat there. 
 
“Thanks FRI,” Tony said, heading towards Peter’s room. “And please refer to the first guest room as Peter’s room from now on.”
 
“Yes boss.” Tony reached the door and knocked. When there was no response, Tony opened the door slightly and peered in.
 
“Peter?” As FRIDAY had told him, Peter was sitting on the bed, wearing a navy blue shirt and sweatpants, both reading Stark Industries. His hair was slightly wet, a towel discarded nearby. “Kid?” Peter looked up. Tony could see his eyes were red. Tony sighed and sat down next to Peter. 
 
“Do you want something to eat?” Tony offered. Peter shook his head. “Is there anything I can do kid?”
 
“I...I don’t…” Peter’s voice trailed off, fresh tears pouring down his face. 
 
“I know kid, I know,” Tony said gently. “I know it’s going to be difficult. But I’m right here okay. You’re not alone.” Peter nodded numbly. “Maybe try and sleep.” He patted Peter’s shoulder and then got up. “My room’s just across the hall. If you need anything, just ask FRIDAY to alert me.” He then turned towards the door.
 
“Mister Stark.” Tony turned back around. “I just... I wanted to say…”
 
“No thanks needed kiddo,” Tony said, smiling kindly at him. And then he left the room. Peter moved so he was lying down on the bed. The mattress was softer than his. He didn’t know if he liked that. He just knew it was different. As he listened to his surroundings, he only heard the faint mutterings of Tony as his feet moved across the floor. Peter sniffled, realizing he’d never fall asleep after knowing May was sound asleep again. He’d always listen for her even breathing, just to know that she was safe. But she wasn’t safe. She was gone. 
 
Peter buried his face into the pillow, trying to cover up the sobs bubbling out of his throat. May was gone and he didn’t know how to live with that.


“Pep, it’s me.” Tony was standing in the middle of his room, the phone pressed to his ear. “Look, I need you to call me. Something happened with the kid. Just...just call me as soon as you get this.” Tony ended the call and sighed. There was so much he had to do, but he was worried about Peter. The teenager was clearly distraught over losing hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) Dies
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Adoption
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Protective Pepper Potts
Grief/Mourning
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Fix-It
trigger warning
Shooting
School Shootings
Teen Crush
Crushes
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

