Chapter 1: The Club
    


Summary:

Bingo fill: “Yes, aftercare IS necessary” (I1)



Notes:
‼️Re: Peter. He’s an adult and a transguy. He’s on T and has had top surgery, this is as far as he wishes to transition.The terms “chest” and “cock/dick/cunt/boycunt” are used for his genitals, along with other descriptors. [Won’t be used: pussy/vagina/clit].

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text



There were benefits to owning a kink venue, of course. It was one asset among many for Tony, but it had become his baby. A home away from home, with the goal of creating a safe space for kinky folk to learn and play. The club offered their kinky members a place to socialise and even attend classes hosted by the most experienced individuals. It defied stereotypes of other venues in the city, while play occured it wasn’t the sole purpose. Tony saw to that, in  his  club he took the safety and comfort of those who attended very seriously. While also reaping the benefits.His stance was ironic considering his day job was anything but legal and those same concerns could not be said for the men he worked with. Tony Stark was an infamous name, an Italian Mafia boss known for quick calls and stronger leadership, ruling with an iron fist. Feared by many, anyone smart that was. He was never one to hesitate to draw his gun and doll out his own consequences. He fed off their fear, the power he held was addictive. Behind his back they called him  Iron Man. His mentality differed slightly when it came to  this  business however, in his eyes his club members hadn’t earned such treatment. While the men he was involved with in the Mafia chose that life and knew what they were getting into, in turn the dangers. They knew what would happen when they fucked up, Tony would deal with them. His club didn’t just benefit him kink wise, it was also used for the Mafia. A way to turn dirty money clean, using the books how they saw fit. Tony had the benefit of being the most tech savvy leader they’d had, taking the family business over from his father, not so much as breaking a sweat when it came to laundering ridiculous amounts of money and organizing their illegal activities under the radar.He was very different at the club when it came to interactions with newbies, his partners often teased he was the dad of the club, rather than a Daddy. In private, of course. Tony knew Bucky and Steve through the Mafia, both worked for him. The couple were curious after hearing rumours of its whereabouts and went in search of a submissive to play with together. Instead they discovered  Tony, not the boss they’d both come to admire but a man who at the time had been in denial about his submissive inclinations. At heart Tony was a switch- a Daddy and at times a bratty sub, though given his reputation he never tried to engage with those inclinations. A Mafia boss admitting that at times he longed for someone else to take control, to lead him for a change and help him get out of his head for a while? Never. Apparently all he needed was very persistent men, unafraid to seek what they wanted- even from someone as notorious and lethal as Tony Stark. Not only that but they weren’t naive, they didn’t expect easy or full time submission from a man like him and they didn’t want that either. What they did expect was Tony’s denial, that when he finally gave into what he wanted he was the definition of  brat, a handful to say the least. With two sets of hands, two men that found his antics endearing and respected his position as boss, it all fell into place. He wasn’t too much for them and along the way they’d made many discoveries about themselves and each other. Inside and outside of kink, while their relationship wasn’t hidden his switchy ways remained private.It was to nobody's surprise when the relationship formed, much to Tony’s annoyance. Were his feelings that obvious from the beginning? Pepper, Happy and Rodney certainly thought so. What began as platonic play blossomed into something more, when he looked at his partners he found himself nothing but glad of how things had changed. Even if someone like him should be better at hiding his emotions by now, naturally he blamed them and wasn’t quiet about it. How  dare they give him.. feelings.~~~Tony walked into his club, ready for one of their monthly themed nights, this one aimed at introducing new people into the scene. As he gazed around the floor his lip curled, Bucky, with that beautiful metal arm of his, had rearranged the place for him as he always did. For a moment he preened at the knowledge, a small way one of his doms took care of him. Just like he knew Steve was towards the main entryway, greeting members as they entered and taking note of any new arrivals. It was all the more sweeter because he knew it was more than that, Steve acted as somewhat of a bodyguard within the Mafia and that extended to his partners. What he was really doing was sizing them up, ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Trans Male Peter Parker
Mafia AU
Implied/Referenced Abuse
(not within the ship & will be brief)
Protectiveness
Daddy Kink
Smut
Dirty Talk
Facials
Gun play
Face-Fucking
dom bucky
Dom Steve
Switch Tony
Brat Tony
Sub Peter
Aftercare
Bathing/Washing
Fluff
Praise Kink
Metal Arm Kink
Teasing
Breathplay
Body Inspection
Impact Play
Masochism
Biting
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Restraints
Dacryphilia
Subspace
Objectification
Begging
Embarrassment Kink
Verbal Humiliation
Face Slapping
Face-Sitting
Come Eating
Angst
Miscommunication
Jealousy
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hair-pulling
Rimming
Incest roleplay
Possessiveness
kink with feelings
Shibari
Panties
Public Play
Spanking
Daddy Steve
Daddy Bucky
Sadism
Collars
Cock & Ball Torture
Knife Play
Safeword Use
Hand Feeding
Happy Ending
Includes a moodboard
(three of them)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

