Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
This is the sequel to Deprivation of Innocence. You don't HAVE to read it first because most things will clear up very quickly, but it explains how Peter ended up where he is and what he's already had to go through. If you want to start with part 2, please read:It's been over 1,5 years since I published this story and four months since I completed the series, and yet, there's still people discovering this for the first time. Therefore, I decided to update these notes. If you clicked on this story and haven't properly read the tags, please do it now. Only proceed if you read them carefully and are still interested. The general idea about the heist, as well as the whole hostage situation, is based on the Netflix TV show “Money Heist” (Original title: “La casa de papel”), but the rest of the story comes from me. Please only read this story if you don't care that the Avengers, especially Tony, are the bad guys for once. If you think that it can't possibly be so bad: Yes, it can. If you read this, you will be disgusted. You will shocked. You will cringe. You might have to skip certain scenes or chapters. You might even have to take a break or stop reading altogether. You will wonder why I wrote something as dark as this. You might think that I've got to be a bad person to come up with something like that. Well, spoilers for you: I'm not a bad person. I'm a very good person who likes to read and write really dark stuff. Why? There's no "proper" reason for it, I guess, but some of it is explained in these comments and in my notes in part 2/chapter 4.If you're still here: Buckle up and "enjoy". After all the torture porn in the first part and half of this part, the story will actually get very twisted and psychological challenging. I put these characters through a lot, so obviously, some of them will go through changes that might (or might not) surprise you. Long story short, if you manage to go through with this series and if you like whump, then I'm almost sure you won't be disappointed. At least, if I can trust all those lovely comments I got while writing this and even long after finishing it. Thank you for reading my TED talk (if you have)!The first chapter will feature a short moment of non-con (almost) voyeurism  between family members.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Four days ago.
When May opened the door to her apartment, the first thing she noticed were the two pair of sneakers scattered on the floor, right in the middle of the small corridor. Next, she heard giggles, coming from the living room only a few feet away, followed by weird, somewhat slurpy sounds and a quiet moan.Oh god. Peter had no idea she got off work early. Those sneakers… she was pretty sure the NIKE pair belonged to Michelle.For a few seconds, May simply stood there, frozen, still holding onto the half-closed apartment door. She's tempted to burst into the living room and… stop whatever’s going on in there, but at the same time, she didn’t want to embarrass Peter and his girlfriend more than necessary. Therefore, she quickly shut the door with a lot more force than she would normally have.“Hey, honey,” she yelled loudly, not missing the squeak and panicked ‘sssh’ coming from the living room.“Y-You’re early,” Peter noted in a weird, high-pitched voice.After mutely counting to seven, May slowly took a few more steps towards the room. “Yeah, Daphne wasn’t sick after all, so they told me to reduce some accrued overtime hours.”“Okay, uhm, nice.”When May stepped into the room, both Peter and Michelle tried to look as innocent as possible. However, the color of their cheeks - a deep pink - and their ruffled hair, not to mention Peter wearing his shirt inside out, told her everything she needed to know.“Hey May,” MJ greeted the woman sheepishly.Peter quickly added, “We were just, uh, about to study for the economics test on Wednesday.”“Uh-huh. Well, I don’t want to disturb you, so go on. Don’t mind me,” May smiled meaningfully before walking into her room to change.MJ left at 5:00 p.m.. As soon as May was alone with her nephew, she cornered Peter in his room. “I heard some noises when I came home.”Immediately, the pink color returned to Peter’s cheeks. “What noises?”“Look… I don’t want to be the embarrassing, lame guardian here, but we need to talk about this. If you want me to trust you, you can’t just invite your girlfriend without me knowing and-”Peter groaned. “Please, May… It wasn’t… We were just kissing. You don’t need to worry, all right?”“Do you think I didn’t notice that you were wearing your shirt inside out right after I came in?”The blush on Peter’s cheeks deepened when he started rambling, “Just because I was shirtless, doesn’t mean that we did anything, like, I mean, I promise, May, nothing happened, we didn’t even touch- Can we please not have this conversation? I’m not… we haven’t been dating for long and… you know it’s my first real rela
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
past Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Minor James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Sexual Slavery
Slavery
Mind Rape
Sexual Violence
Gaslighting
Torture
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Humiliation
Captivity
Kidnapping
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has Issues
Heavy Angst
Bottom Peter Parker
Forced Orgasm
Blood and Violence
Stockholm Syndrome
Sensory Deprivation
Spanking
Rimming
Orgasm Delay/Denial
BDSM
Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Lima Syndrome
It actually gets really plotty

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
past Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Minor James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

