Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS!1. This is my take on a comics inspired Matt Murdock, who is canonically a lot sluttier than Netflix Matt Murdock. (As one of my friends said once, "Dude seems like he's trying to fuck his way through the 616"). I'm still picturing Charlie Cox when I write him, tho, BECAUSE WHO WOULDN'T?!?!?2. Don't try to figure out where in the timeline this fits. It doesn't. Matt is younger. Pete is Older. Endgame never happened. Infinity War never happened. IDK Civil War never happened? Or maybe they all just made up? The Avengers live in the tower together, though, and everyone is happy and nothing hurts.3. PETER PARKER IS 20 YEARS OLD. This is so important to me. That being said, Pete is 20, Matt is 28, and Wade is 34 in terms of appearance and 60-70 actually, so there are still some serious age differences. Also Matt is hella attracted to Pete even when he thinks Pete is younger than that. The confusion gets resolved fairly quickly, but still... if that bothers you at all, you've been warned.




Chapter Text

There was nothing in the world that sounded quite like a human body falling into a dumpster. It was a sound that Matt was deeply, deeply familiar with. It was a sound that he had created on more than one occasion, both as the person causing the fall and as the person doing the falling. This time, however, and he hoped thankfully, he was not responsible for the sound occurring. He focused his senses. Problem was, and yeah this was a bit rude to acknowledge but that didn’t make it any less accurate, if it wasn’t him hitting the dumpster or doing the hitting, then there was a good chance it was…

Matt heard the groan first, followed by a whisper of his name. “

Matty.”


“I’m coming, buddy,” Matt said quietly, to himself. The man in the dumpster couldn’t hear him half the time when they were in the same room; he certainly couldn’t hear Matt from across town. 

Matt found him a few blocks east of the Kitchen. He had at least four broken ribs - they rattled when he breathed - his shoulder was dislocated, and… fuck… there was bullet in his leg. The injured man was applying pressure and had stopped most of the bleeding, but Matt could smell the bullet rubbing up against the bone. He lifted the lid to the dumpster. 

“Ah fuck; you came.“

“You called me, man.“

“Yeah, but I was hoping you wouldn’t come. Now I suppose you have to tell him.“

“Where’s your bag?”

“‘S in here with me.“ Clint kicked his foot, the leg that hadn’t been shot, and Matt heard the arrows rattle against each other. He jumped into the dumpster and Clint winced slightly when Matt’s landing shook the metal structure.

Matt dug in Clint’s quiver, pulled out a roll of bandages, and began to dress Clint’s wounds. And yeah, they’re in a dumpster so he probably should be sanitizing these, but on the other hand they’re in a dumpster so how much could it possibly matter anyway.  “Where do you want me to take you? The Tower? Claire?”

Clint groaned. “Can’t you just deal with it?”

Matt’s voice was calm and measured as he continued to wrap bandages around Clint’s leg. “You’ve got a bullet in your leg and your left shoulder is dislocated. I can get the bullet out, but I might do more damage which means it would take longer to heal. I can also try to reset the shoulder, but it sounds pretty bad and you need that shoulder strong. I think you want a professional to do it.”

Clint grunted as Matt hoisted him to his feet and helped him out of the dumpster.  “If I go to Claire,” he said, as they began to walk towards the street and out of the alley, “she’ll tell him.”

“Dude. That doesn’t even matter because you’re going to tell him. And you’re going to tell him because if you don’t then I have to and he’ll just get mad at me. Which would not be fair. Got it?”

Clint grumbled something that Matt knew was not words.

“Why don’t you want to go home?”

Clint was silent.

“What did you do?”

“Call Claire,” Clint sighed.

Matt pulled out his phone. “Call Claire.”

She answered after only one ring. “How bad?” 

“Not that bad. It’s Clint. He’s stable. He has a bullet in his leg but the bleeding has stopped, four broken ribs, and a dislocated shoulder. He’s walking. He’ll be fine. You around? If you’re busy, I can take him to the tower.”

“Put him on speaker.”

Matt handed Clint the phone. He didn’t need to put it on speaker; he could hear the conversation just fine.

“Hey, Claire…”

“Did you call him yet?” Claire interrupted.

“Matt literally just pulled me out of a dumpster,” Clint whined. 

“He’s there. He’s there before I get there or I turn around and go home and you can go get fixed up at the tower and tell Steve that you went after the Cartel even after he explicitly told you not to. Also, you owe me a bottle of tequila. Good stuff. No shitty Cuervo.”

“Fine,” Clint pouted. 

“See you at Matt’s. I’ll be there in 20 minutes.” Claire disconnected the call.

Clint stared at the phone in his hand for a moment, then tur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Frank Castle/Karen Page
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker
Matt Murdock/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bisexual Matt Murdock
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Gay Peter Parker
Avengers Tower
BAMF Claire Temple
College Student Peter Parker
That is Really Important
Peter parker is an adult
Threesome - M/M/M
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Age Difference
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
minor daddy kink
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Deadpool being Deadpool
Light BDSM
Light Bondage
Come Eating

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Frank Castle/Karen Page
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker
Matt Murdock/Wade Wilson

