Work Text:

I.
"There, there," Charles said soothingly, as he packed away the first aid kit, "All fixed.""Only the symptoms," Hank muttered, fighting the urge to start peeling at the band-aids and gauzes.  He knew that Alex would be sporting his split lip and scrapes tomorrow in school, like he didn't give a damn, while Hank 'Bigfoot' McCoy was going to be bandaged up like a goddamned mummy.Charles stared at him for a moment, his lips drawn in an unhappy line, then he sighed.  "There's more, isn't there?"Sometimes having a telepath for a foster dad could be a real bi... Charles' eyebrows were rising... err... pain.  Yes.  "Parent conference," Hank mumbled, "They want you to meet Alex's dad.  Because we both keep fighting.  Work out a solution.  The principal's into this sort of top-down reconciliation strategy.""Why, that's a wonderful idea," Charles beamed.  Having expected this, Hank's heart tried to crawl a little further into his stomach.  "An excellent idea, in fact.  Oh, don't look like that, Hank.  What did I tell you about getting into fights?"" 'Just because you can, doesn't mean that you should'," Hank muttered in an undertone."Exactly.  You and this young man... ah...""Alex Summers...""You and Alex are the same age.  You must have some things in common.  There's no logical reason that you can't get along.  Alex's father and I will work out some sort of common ground, and then we can work from a mutually acceptable platform."Hank reflected that the only thing that he and Alex had in common was a seething degree of mutual loathing, but he said nothing.  Usually, he didn't need to, anyway.  Charles, however, was bustling away as he replaced the first aid kit on a shelf on Hank's laboratory, clearly in such a good mood that he'd disregarded Hank's own frank opinion."And what is Alex's father like?""Uh." Hank was fairly sure that he knew this.  Racking his brain, he managed to come up with a few dimly recalled lines of gossip.  "He's tall.  German.  Alex's adopted.  Single father." Probably also an asshole, Hank concluded, and this time, Charles turned to look at him, his expression drawn in mild disappointment."Hank.""Alex starts all these fights." Hank pointed out reasonably.  "Stands to reason.""Possibly, his father doesn't know that Alex starts the fights?  Single parenthood for the average person can be quite... difficult," Charles said, with the vagueness of a man who had been born into privilege, and to whom wealth had been not so much a constant companion but a constant, obsessive stalker.  Xavier the elder had been a prudent man, investments and trust funds wise.  "Hank, you've often told me that this is the most unbearable part of attending high school.  Now we have an opportunity to resolve it."The most unbearable part of attending high school was actually the insipid and elementary nature of its syllabus, but Charles had been insistent on everyone - except Raven, who had flat out refused and had threatened to walk out on her brother - attending local high schools to attain 'proper qualifications'. Given that this meant that Armando and Angel were forced to attend separate high schools due to the color of their skin, Sean remained his only ally, and they were in different classes."Sean didn't get involved this time, did he?" Charles looked up anxiously from where he was perusing a Cerebro printout.  Hank suppressed a sigh.  He had just designed a machine within a handful of weeks based on a subset of rarefied physics that was would defy most established theories, and yet he had to endure School.  It was cruel and unusual."No, he didn't." Thankfully.  Sean had Irish blood, and when he got angry, even Hank wanted to start edging away.  God only knew what would happen if Sean let out one of his sonic screams in a local school to defend Hank from a bullying kid.Ah yes. Charles would be Definitely Disappointed."Don't take that tone with me, young man," Charles' mouth was curling up slightly, though he kept leafing through the printouts.  "Now, about this electrode array-"

1.0.
"Bloody hell, you look like you were run over by a fucking truck," Erik frowned as Alex sauntered through the door to their ratty apartment and dumped his bag on the couch.  "Go and clean yourself up."Alex nodded, sucking absently on his split lip as he ambled into the bathroom, rooting around the dubious cabinet for some bandaids.  For someone with huge black glasses, a perpetual hunch and a usual expression of vapid absorption, when Hank was really pissed, he could punch.  There was a coiled strength in those skinny arms that Alex hadn't really expected."Did you drink the alcohol?" Alex called from the bathroom, after five fruitless minutes."Why would I drink medical alcohol?" Erik growled, farther away now, probably in the kitchen.  "Just wash it off with water or something, you won't die.  Who was it this time?""Hank McCoy.""I thought you said that he was a wimp.""Yeah," Alex winced as he washed out his cuts under the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
alternative universe
Slash

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

