Chapter 1: You're not Alone Anymore
    




Chapter Text
Soulmates were an interesting concept to Tony.
Two separate souls indefinitely tied together regardless of how much distance stood in their way, destined to complete the other if they ever had the fortune of meeting. They came in many forms; partners, friends, siblings, parents. An invisible connection, a bond that only they alone could feel. It seemed strange to Tony how so many people could trust a force they were never able to truly hold or touch.
But he supposed that’s why Soul Guides existed, so that people could feel something solid and real about their soulmate. A shard of their spirit that had broken off to forever support their missing half. They revealed themselves in the forms of animal companions that were only visible to the pair of soulmates, ranging from small, meek rabbits to intimidating, scaly crocodiles. Regardless of what animal represented your soulmate, they would remain at your side through thick and thin to provide comfort and support when their soulmate could not.
What a beautiful idea it was, to know your soulmate was always with you, even if it were in the shape of an undyingly loyal companion?
Tony wouldn’t know, because he didn’t have a Soul Guide.
He had waited in anticipation his entire childhood for the day an animal would miraculously burst into view, just for him to see, just for him to hold. He dreamed of it every night, the moment he would finally have a soulmate of his own, but the years slipped by like grains of sand and still, nothing came for him. “Be patient Tesoro, your Soul Guide will come when the time is ready,” his mother had assured him as he had wallowed in loneliness on his tenth birthday. Tony tried to hold out hope a little longer, but the years turned to decades until finally, any hope of finding his elusive soulmate became nothing more than a distant memory.
Tony resigned himself to his work and tried to ignore the burning in his chest whenever he saw Pepper stroking the air where a regal peacock stood, or when Rhodey scratched his fingers through the tough fur of his unseen platypus. He could never see them of course, but he would find himself watching intently, silently fuming that he didn’t have a companion of his own to hold. They were the only few people in the entire world who knew that the great Tony Stark had never received a Soul Guide, and much to their credit, they tried their best to fill the void it had left in his wake. But it wasn’t the same. He was missing something, a part of his spirit, and he could only wonder where it had gone.
It wouldn’t be until the morning of August 10th, 2001 that he finally found it again.
Lost in the depths of slumber and what he could only assume was an alcohol-induced coma, Tony was surprised to feel something warm shifting at his side beneath the silk sheets. If it was another nameless girl he’d talked into bed he sure as hell didn’t remember it, but that blurry thought fell into confusion when the little ball of heat wriggled to a top of his chest and made it hard to breath.
Tony grumbled out a protest at the weight and moved to push whatever it was away, only for his hands to be met with… fur?
Forcing his crusty eyes to open Tony didn’t even have a moment to process the golden fluffy face staring down at him before a wet, sticky tongue began running across his cheeks in an excited barrage.
“Ugh!” Tony immediately exclaimed as he raised his arms in a feeble defence. “Pepper! Pepper!”
His head still pounding with a hangover, Tony managed to catch a grip on his attacker and pull him away just long enough to sit up in a daze, blinking away the spots until he could finally understand the sight before him. The offender was small, with big fluffy ears and chocolate brown eyes that were just bursting with energy. Soft, golden curls. A happy little grin.
Tony couldn’t believe it.
It was a dog. A golden retriever to be precise, and judging by its small stature and adorably chubby cheeks, it was only a puppy too.
Tony found himself blinking in awe at the small creature in his hands, who wagged his little tail and sniffed at his fingers curiously. Even in his fuzzy state Tony knew it was undeniable cute. It didn’t have a collar but it inspected its surroundings with the curiosity of a child, innocent and pure and ready to explore. Tony was sure his heart melted when it suddenly met his gaze and released a pleased squeak.
“Hey buddy,” Tony spoke, his voice surprisingly gentle. “You a little lost?”
The puppy just kicked his legs back and forth playfully, making Tony chuckle a little.
“That’s okay. Not sure who you belong to, but I’ll find ‘em for you,” he assured him, though he wasn’t entirely sure why. It’s not like it could understand him or anything, but it just felt… right.
The familiar symphony of heels clicking against tiles caught Tony’s attention before Pepper had even stepped into the room, the woman looking the definition of professional and staring at hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
IronDad and SpiderSon
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Platonic Soulmates
platonic soulmates au
Animal Soulmate AU
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Tony Stark is bad at feelings
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Soul Guide AU

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

