Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“No! No! No!” Peter cried out as he looked at himself in the mirror. This couldn’t be happening to him!
The day before he had defeated some sort of magic evil guy in New York with the rest of the Avengers. The bad guy had been casting spells left and right causing trouble for everyone fighting him. He had turned Thor’s hair green, turned Tony’s phone into a kitten, and made one of Steve’s shoes turn into cheese. Everyone else’s problems had been dealt with yesterday but Peter’s spell was MUCH worse than the others had been.
The Magician had looked at Peter and laughed before sending a blue gust into his face like he had done with the others. When nothing had happened to him in the last 15 hours, the teen had assumed he was in the clear and the Magician had just messed up. Boy was he wrong.
Peter looked down his body and did not even recognize it. He was different now. His average sized dick that was usually between his legs had been replaced with a pussy. He didn’t know what to do. He felt tears come to his eyes. What if he was stuck like this? What is the Avengers found out and thought he was some kind of freak? What if Tony, the man he had been crushing on, kicked him out of the tower? Peter would not be able to live with himself.
On top of the embarrassment he was feeling, he also felt weird sensations from his newly developed parts. He felt some sort of want. It was strange.
Before Peter could decide what to do he heard someone knock on the door. He grabbed the sheet from the top of his bed and wrapped it completely around his naked body just at Tony walked in.
“Hey kid!” The inventor said. He had a large plate of pancakes in his hand. “I brought you some breakfast since you were takin’ so long to get up. Didn’t want the others to eat it all.” Tony said with his usual enthusiasm as he set the plate down on the desk he had made for Peter.
The teen could do nothing but hold back a whimper. The second Tony had walked into the room, the want Peter had felt had intensified by a thousand. On top of that, Peter felt like something was dripping from between his legs and onto the sheet.
When Peter didn’t answer, Tony frowned. “What’s up kid?” He said before noticing the tears on the boys cheeks. “Hey, are you okay?” He asked, concerned. He stepped forward to wipe the tears away.
When the mans hot skin touched Peter’s the teen felt even more liquid gush from his new found part. The light grey sheet was rapidly changing colors. He hoped Tony wouldn’t notice.
Of course, he did. “What is this Pete? Are you bleeding?!” He asked urgently. Before Peter could stop him, Tony pulled the sheet away, expecting to see a bloody wound in need of medical attention, but instead finding one of the hottest things he had seen in a while. The beautiful boy Infront of him had changed. He had a small tight pussy between his legs. Not only that, but there was a line of liquid coming down his leg.
The inventor’s eyes grew dark. He needed to leave how would not be able to help himself if he didn’t. he decided he would at least make sure Peter was okay.
“A-are you hurt Pete?” Tony barely made out, still VERY distracted by the sight in front of him.
“I-I don’t k-know.” Peter whimpered. “I-I need s-something down- down there.” He gestured as his pussy.
“I can’t help with-“ Tony stated to say but stopped. He knew he could help with that. And if the kid wanted it, then who was he to protest. Peter was old enough to decide.
“I can help you. If you want me to.” Tony said, looking into the boys eyes, looking fro any doubt.
“Yes please!” Peter cried out.
With that, Tony was on top of his protégé. They were attached at the mouth on top of the bed. Tony was attacking Peter’s face hungrily and all the boy could do was moan.
Eventually the man pulled away and placed kissed along the boys body. Getting lower and lower until he got to the thing he really wanted. He looked up at the spiderling for permission which he granted with a, “Please Mr. Stark!” And who was Tony to deny him?
Tony gently grabbed both of Peters thighs and slowly pulled them apart. The pale legs separated with a slight squelching sound that Tony realized was from how wet the perfect pussy before him was.
When Tony says perfect, he means PERFECT. It was clean shaven, smooth and shiny. His clit was small and perfectly pink. Peters folds were shiny with how completely wet the boy was. Some much liquid was coming out of his little hole. And the hole itself? Well all Tony can say is that he cannot wait until it is full and dripping with his warm cum.
Tony had to eventually stop admiring the art work in front of him and get to work. He lowered his mouth and licked a long strip all then way to the boy’s sensitive clit. Peter wriggled around on the beg panting. Tony smirked. If the boy got this excited over something so small, he couldn’t wait to see what he would do with a dick in him.
Tony continued his ministrations, licking and rubbing until he was worried Pet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Boypussy
Boypussy Peter
Top Tony
Bottom Peter
they fuck
Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Creampie
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Come Eating
Cunnilingus
Morning After
Sleepy Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

