Work Text:
It all started innocently enough. Tony was still awake from a night in his lab when Steve woke up. After Steve returned from his morning run, Tony was still sitting in the kitchen, staring blankly into his half empty cup of coffee. “You want some breakfast?” Steve asked as he rummaged in the fridge. “What’re you making?” Tony asked. “Blueberry pancakes,” Steve replied easily. “Oh, and bacon. You have bacon in here somewhere, right?” Tony snorted. “Of course I have bacon. What do you take me for, a savage?” Steve smiled and they settled into companionable silence as Steve worked. Tony drained and poured himself another cup of coffee. Fifteen minutes and even more coffee later, Steve was setting down an enormous stack of pancakes on the table in front of Tony. “Hey big guy, I know you can eat a lot, but us regular humans don’t eat quite that much.” The plate was pulled away from Tony and he jumped. “They’re not all for you, asshole,” Bucky growled. “And I dunno about you ‘regular people’, but I could eat all of these. Prolly twice over.” “Yeah well they’re not all for you either,” Tony countered as he pulled the plate away from Bucky. Steve set plates down in front of each of them. “You each get some. And if there’s not enough I can make more.” “Do I smell pancakes?” Natasha asked. “Blueberry,” Steve answered her as he turned back to the stove to start the bacon. “Ugh, Rogers! You’re disgusting. If you make good pancakes let me know.” “Blueberries are delicious!” he called after her even as she was walking out of the kitchen. He heard the clink of forks and the scrape of a plate just seconds before he heard a loud expletive from the table behind him. “Fuck you I had it first!” Bucky shouted. “Like hell you did! Rogers, call off your dog!” Immediately Steve knew that Tony had said the wrong thing. There was a scrape of Bucky’s chair and then it clattered to the floor. By the time Steve turned around, Bucky had Tony by the throat with his metal arm. “I’m no one’s dog, Stark,” he growled low and dangerous. “But you look like a bitch.” With that he shoved Tony back and picked up his plate. “I’ll eat in my bedroom.” Tony took a moment to steady his breathing before looking over at Steve, who shrugged. “You’re the one who called him a dog.”   Tony was working happily in his lab when Jarvis lowered his music unexpectedly. The reason for the abrupt change in music stalked in on silent feet. “I think I broke something in my arm,” Bucky offered. Even when speaking normally his voice was low and gravely. Bucky could see the way Tony tensed when he spoke and smirked. “You wanna take a look at it?” “Yes,” Tony replied quickly. Bucky stalked over to his table and laid his left arm on the table in front of Tony. He shifted his forearm completely unnecessarily to make the gears click and whir under Tony’s fingers. The way Tony swallowed thickly made the twist Bucky had put in his arm completely worth it. “It just looks like you twisted it a little,” Tony said after a moment of running his fingers over the arm and shining a light at it. “Oh. Something you can fix?” Bucky murmured innocently, knowing full well that the damage was minimal, had known full well that it was minimal when he purposefully fucked with it to break it just slightly. “What do you take me for, Barnes?” Tony chuckled. Several minutes of tinkering with tiny tools and yelling at a robot and Tony stepped back and threw his hands up in the air. “Ta-da. Good as new.” Bucky wiggled his fingers and moved his arms through a series of rotations to test it out. The way Tony swallowed again and shifted was not lost on Bucky. “Thanks,” Bucky said gruffly, setting his hand down on the table so that his metal pinkie rested over several of Tony’s fingers. Tony looked down at his hand mutely, suddenly lost for words. Smirking, Bucky shifted his hand further until it completely covered Tony’s. Tony inhaled sharply, then stopped breathing all together when Bucky moved to place his fingertips lightly at Tony’s chest. “W-what about Steve?” Tony finally managed to gasp out just before Bucky’s lips met his. Tony might be many things, many immoral things, but a home-wrecker was not one of them. Not anymore, at least. “Yeah, what about Steve?” Steve asked from the doorway. At Tony’s confused expression, Steve sighed and moved towards them. “I had Jarvis tell me if youse guys were in the same room. After that confrontation this morning I was afraid something like this might happen.” “Listen Steve, I swear to God I wasn’t-” Tony started, moving away from Bucky and holding his hands up. “Don’t worry about it, Tony. I couldn’t expect Bucky to resist your ass. Or you to resist his voice. And arm, I guess.” “Wait, so you knew?” Tony asked, incredulous. “Yes, he knew, I knew, and now you know. You in?” Bucky growled, fisting his metal hand in Tony’s shirt. “Wait, what?” Tony asked again, still in shock. Bucky groaned and looked up at Steve, not relinquishing his grip on Tony’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Coming Untouched
Name-Calling
i mean the name calling is kinda in the title
i don't think it goes past bitch
Teasing
Blow Jobs
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome
bucky and steve are a thing
they just bring tony in
bc how could you not
Begging
Light Bondage
just the teensiest bit of bondage
i don't even really consider hand-tying bondage it's just a reg part of sex for me
but you guys might think it's bondage
Unsafe Sex
the only reason it's unsafe is bc they don't use condoms
bc i like
Come Swallowing
Come as Lube
oh yeah and this all started bc bucky is a little shit
and tony has a thing for bucky's arm
and steve will do anything bucky wants
Ass to Mouth

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

