Work Text:
 Tony's not an idiot. His accumulated PhDs, doctorates and the sheer overwhelming number of successful inventions that have shaped the modern world is a testament to that. However, he's well aware that his social skills aren't nearly at that level, given the resulting consequences from his choices. Nonetheless, life has taught him to have a naturally suspicious perception of others, something that has only worsened since the whole "Civil War" affair, and isn't improved when the Rogues are unceremoniously dropped on his doorstep.Literally."Well," Hope exhales, "that saves us the trouble of doing it ourselves."They're out-conscious in a heap of limbs - all, fortunately, or otherwise, still attached. But they're drugged, bound and gagged, and there's a fucking bow on Rogers' head. Rhodey frowns. "Wait, aren't we missing a few?" And Tony looks them over and raises a brow curiously.  The Witch isn't with them, but then again, neither is Barnes."You got them in the divorce," Tony complains an hour later, to which T'Challa corrects, "I signed up for James, the rest were unexpected baggage.""Tell me something I don't know." Then, casually, "Speaking of, the set's not complete.""James and I agreed that it wouldn't be prudent to send the Witch to you, considering her vocal dislike of you during her stay here." Tony snorts indelicately. "While Barton was just as vocal, I have the highest confidence you can handle him.""Flattery will get you everywhere, your highness," Tony teases which the king pointedly ignores and continues as if he wasn't interrupted, "As for the Witch, we've sent her to a Doctor Strange in New York, apparently he's a specialist of the mystic arts."Tony's brows lift in surprise. Strange hadn't mentioned that the last time they spoke. But, far be it for Tony to look a gift horse in the mouth. "And Barnes?""He had some business to attend to," the king says. Then, with a hint of amusement in his tone, "He hopes his gift makes up for his absence."At Tony's look of muted surprise, T'Challa hums. "He's been staying up to date since his defrost. He'd been rather perturbed that the consensus had been that the Rogues were too elusive for your capture. As it was a request of mine for James' safety that you were discrete, James was of the opinion that the insult to your capabilities was no longer necessary.""Oh?" Tony says mildly, keeping a tight rein on his curiosity. When T'Challa doesn't offer anything further, he chirps, "Well, tell him I appreciate the gesture."Which is apparently a sentiment that means something entirely different to the Winter Soldier when a box arrives a few days later. There's a communications device inside and a head.And it should say something about Tony and his life, that he's just annoyed at best. "Ha fucking ha."Friday is similarly bemused, and runs a facial recognition.Apparently, Barnes has something against former mailmen from tiny European countries.Maybe, Tony muses out loud to the comm device which is hopefully linked to the man himself that Barnes, in a fit of rage that Tony had so casually expressed gratitude towards his mother's killer, had to violently work through the confusing and complicated plethora of human feelings Tony inspired.There are no replies from the comm device. Still, Tony cackles at the thought.Up until Friday comes up with a name and a file with a familiar black skull and tentacled sigil of a certain organization. One of the missions the head, formally attached to a body and formally recognized as a person of apparent import in said organisation, is responsible for an operation of random Russian words with the targets identified as Howard and Maria Stark."Is there a reason the human equivalent to an apex predator is leaving me the heads of my enemies?" Tony poses, both to the comm device and to the video-screen he's pulled up."Oh?" T'Challa echoes in vague surprise. "The other ones arrived already?""Don't."And look, it isn't that Tony really thinks Barnes will send him another head despite T'Challa's elusive confirmation to the contrary, and Barnes' pointed silence, Tony's just...more protective of his mail than usual. "I'm used to being the eccentric billionaire," he tells Barnes over the comms, "but this is a bit much, even for me."Surprisingly, in a soft, rough whisper borne from a voice unused to speaking, Barnes replies, "You won't regret it." Which is a fortunate consequence given that Barnes' next delivery involves both a severed hand and an eye along with a USB drive.Evidently, Hydra was a lot closer to infiltrating Stark Industries than Tony had thought. It sends a shiver through him, and by the end of the day, the entire system of both his company and its subsidiaries are swept over with a fine-tooth comb. That he spends the initial process having a panic attack over the comms with Barnes, and then finds himself calming to the exaggerated breathes of the other man over the line, is something Tony doesn't want to examine too closely
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Bucky's inappropriate wooing techniques
T'Challa is amused but doesn't help matters
Mentions of severed limbs
Non graphic violence
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Mild Gore

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

