Chapter 1: Ferret
    




Chapter Text
" The number you have called is currently unavailable. Please leave a message after the tone. "
 Beep. 
"Hi, Happy! It's, uh. It's Peter. Peter Parker. Um, sorry I called so late—uh, I'm just giving my report of the day? I helped an old lady cross the street and she got me a hot dog, which was super nice of her, and I stopped a couple carjackings and helped a kid find his way home!"Peter glanced at his wrist. The web-shooters wrapped around like a simple black cuff and could be passed off as a bracelet if anyone asked, and he definitely felt safer with them always on instead of having to just rely on Mr. Stark’s version of his suit whenever he was in trouble. The systems were awesome and Karen was always nice to talk to, but… it still wasn’t his own work. Not that he had the money or materials to make his design his own, but the cuffs were products of a systematic dumpster diving behind a few electronic stores over the span of a few weeks.Beneath his left cuff was a battered watch.It read 11:13 pm.He sighed quietly, sure to hold the phone away as he did so, then brought it back to his face and mustered as much enthusiasm as he could standing in the dark alleyway. His breath curled in a thick white mist in front of his face. The sleeves of his baggy blue hoodie were pushed to his elbows and the white apron around his waist was stained all sorts of red and brown and red.He didn't shiver.Cigarette smoke filled his nose from the puffs of the passersby, and on the first few days on the job it was almost as unbearable as the blood.Nowadays..."A-Anyway, just wanted to let you know I'm up for anything, really! If you ever need me, I'm there! Um, so, have a good night! Sorry again for calling so late!"Peter tapped the red icon on his phone before shoving it into his back pocket and tried not to be too disappointed. After Germany, after the Vulture, after Coney Island, the radio silence had only settled. He still left voicemails every time Spider-Man went out regardless if Happy actually listened to them or not, but he knew it was probably the latter. That if anything, his ramblings were stacking up in the 'unread' box until it was time to clean them all out for more storage.He really wanted to stop leaving voicemails. But if he did, wouldn't Happy think something was up? Then he'd tell Mr. Stark and maybe they'd find out about his new job and—Peter sighed and rubbed his eyes with the bottom of his palms.Right. As if Mr. Stark and Happy cared enough to check up on him. They had better things to worry about than some fifteen year old vigilante, didn't they?He looked back down at his watch. 11:18 pm.Brown work boots clunked on the snow-melted pavement towards the back door he propped open with an empty beer bottle—seriously, he had to talk to Mr. Weasel about investing in some stoppers or something—and slipped back into the kitchen where the old woman at the stove was making some of the greasiest wings Peter had ever seen. And he saw a seagull in an oil spill once."I'm back from my break!""Oh good, take these out to the leather jackets out there, wouldya', dear?" Granny Sal gestured to some plates on her left. She'd never said how old she was but Peter was sure she had to be pushing eighty. He didn't know how she could keep up in a place like this, but the last time someone got thrown into the kitchen when a fight started up and she'd broken a ladle on the side of his head to knock him out cold, he was reassured enough that she was probably in here for a reason. "We've got a real riot tonight. A whole group came back alive and they're splittin' the betting money.""Gotcha, Ms. Sal.""Sweetie, please. Call me Granny.""Sure thing, Ms. Granny."She chuckled and swiped the back of his head. He grinned and sidestepped away.Peter balanced six plates on his arms and used his back to push through the door that separated the kitchen from the back of the bar. The moment he stepped out onto the floor, he was dodging almost drunk mercenaries and old, mismatched chairs until he made it to the tables pushed up at the far end.Low hanging lights illuminated the otherwise dim and dingy building and the clacks of pool balls bounced off the brick walls. It definitely wasn’t Delmar’s, but there was a certain charm to the place. If someone was charmed by the scent of sweat and spilled beer."ey, Ferret!"It was Ferret here. Not Peter. No real names unless you can cover your own ass, Mr. Weasel told him before he started his first night. And, well, it was better than anything else he could come up with himself. Besides, it wasn't like he would just walk into a bar like this with the words "It's Me, The Spider-man, Nice to Meet You" on his forehead."Christ kid, you still workin' 'ere?""Heh, thought you'd get run out after Jet fell on ya' couple weeks back.""Hey guys," Peter greeted as he set down some hot wings, jalapeno poppers, and some other things caked in oil and breading. But the nachos, though. The na
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Loki & Wade Wilson
Jack Hammer & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Wade Wilson
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Jack Hammer
Friendship
Family
Teen Peter Parker
Platonic Relationships
Parent Loki
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Pre-Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Smart Peter Parker
Wade Wilson is a Good Bro
Precious Peter Parker
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Moral Ambiguity
Morally Grey Characters

fandom: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Loki & Wade Wilson
Jack Hammer & Peter Parker

