Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Okay, so I have posted another version of this everything before but I got lost in what I wanted so I've done some serious editing, to try and make it more, reader-friendly. So I'll try and do better this time. So this chapter will be split into 3 parts, the first the style of the story, how I write, how it will flow, etc. etc. The second will be my view of the accords and how I'm going to be writing them into the story. The last section will be where I link all of the stories I have taken direct inspiration from in building this one. To all those who came from the other one, this is going to be the before we start chapter I put into the first so you don't need to read this again. To those who are new, I'll run through everything as I did in the other one so you don't miss out.  
So Style:

Anything in another language that the character who is the point of view of the time understands it is in italics.

Anything they don't understand in another language will be in the language (and then have English after in parentheses)
I'm not great at grammar and spelling, a combination of being Australian on what seems to be a mostly American site, and the fact that I am the tiniest of tiny bits dyslexic so sometimes the word is right in my head but my hands just don't get the memo. But I'm using two editing tools (Grammarly and Hemingway) so hopefully, that will be at a minimum
Point of view will switch throughout the story but I'll try and keep it one or two characters per chapter, and pretty much everything will be in a first-person view.
Time and date will be in Bold at the start of the chapter, and sometimes section of the chapter if there is a time skip.
 
This Story has 3 OFC's, all three of which are Tony's daughters.
We've got Lilith Rhodey Stark, born 1993 making her 22 years old at the time of the Civil War. Next is Peggy Leilani Stark, born 1997 making her 19.  And the youngest daughter Ana-Marie Andrea Stark was born in 2001 and she is 15 in Civil war, the same age as Peter. The links will take you to a Pinterest page for each of the girls so you get the face claim to picture in the story without me describing them, cause I really hate having to do that.I promise that I haven't pulled the number of children I'm giving Tony out of my ass completely. I did the math and worked out how many kids he'd have if he had 1 sex partner every day of every year since he was 16 if his birthday was May 29th 1974. (I know that some comics and comic-based fics state that he was drinking and partying from as soon as he hit college at 14 but the idea of a 14-year-old having sex with ADULTS just grossed me out even if it was only for the vaguest of references so I went with the commonly accepted age of consent instead)I went with this date because they said in I.M 1 that Stane had to step in for a while between the Stark's death in 1991 and Tony turning 21, but going by the movie canon date Tony would have already been 21 when his parents died. So I went with the comic book line of 'He was 17 when they died', but kept the movie date. I'm not sure if that is the actual comic book date or not but oh well...But anyway, back to the number of babies! I figured the days he wouldn't have had sex would make up for the days he had more than one sex partner cause we know from I.M 1 when he's in the 'funvee' that he's into moresomes (The Christmas cover was twins!). And then worked out what 5% of that is considering condoms are 95% effective.After that I did pull numbers from my ass a little by going, of the total 21, I went 4 aborted without knowing it was Tonys, 2 tried playing for money and lost, 1 didn't know it was Tony's but kept it, and 14 took the payout to abort, cause I believe that over half of them would be greedy so I made it 2/3 are and then split the last lot almost 50/50.I then gave him all girls because this little fan's heart sees Harley, Peter, and Vision as Tony's kids too so the boy-girl ratio is even and I liked the symmetry :) 
The timeline is a little different to Canon
I have planned that Thor and Carol need to be on earth Pre-Infinity war, so I'm moving Doctor Strange's movie happenings forward so that I can move Ragnorok forward so that I can get Thor and Danvers to earth when I want them. It's all a little roundabout but I'm hoping it makes sense when it happens still.But I'm also moving Captain Marvel forward so it was in the early 2000s. I want Her, Maria and Rhodey to have gone through command school together because I want her to have earnt her title, google tells me it takes 4 years to get to a captain, so Rhodey graduated college in 1992 and went straight into the force. In 1995 he Danvers and Maria started their captaincy training, in 1996 they graduated as captains. In 1997 Danvers flew the plane that crashed and she was taken. Keeping it 6 years, as it is in canon, from being taken to returning, 1989 - 1995, it means she came back in 2003. Bluff a little and make it so that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Luke Cage/Jessica Jones
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa
Gamora/Peter Quill
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
POV Original Character
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Pro-Sokovia Accords
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Comic Book Science
Stark Industries
Genius Peter Parker
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Intern Peter Parker
morgan Stark comes later
Consequences
Repercussions
Ross gets what coming for him
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Luke Cage/Jessica Jones
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa
Gamora/Peter Quill
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)

