Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
The gods never came when Westchester fell.The dust and ashes swirled around his feet as Charles strode through the throne room. The red carpets were grey from the grime that had gathered there throughout the months of this brutal war. He closed his eyes – at least the war is coming to an end. If the new king had any more mercy towards his people than his stepfather, than the gods have truly heard and heeded his prayers.The echoes of the bells of the King’s Tower reverberated throughout the throne room. One, two, three, four, followed by a deafening silence. The dying song of a lost kingdom. Charles fingered the signet ring hung around his neck – the only symbol of his true heritage that he had managed to keep from Kurt’s hands.  His eyes stung from the smoke blowing in from the battlefield. The Xavier rule was no more, not since the day Kurt seized the throne two years ago. It mattered not that Westchester had fallen in battle, and will now be bathed in the red and gold of the House Lensherr.The screams of dying men rattled the broken shutters of the castle’s windows. Charles took a deep breath and tried to shut out the pain of their death throes. Lensherr’s army had shown no mercy. The enemy took few prisoners, and had cut their way through Westchester’s ranks with only one objective – to seize the seat of House Xavier, or Marko, as the people now called it.What hope had he that Lensherr would be a better king than Kurt?He stood by the windows, uncaring of any stray arrows, watching silently as the red of Lensherr’s army toppled the blue of the imposter’s army. Westchester had lost the war before it even began, the priests had said, only to have their tongues cut out by Kurt. Kurt never had the right to the throne, and he now faced retribution from the gods. Lensherr, for all his cruelty in battle, was born to royalty – the gods favoured him.Charles looked towards the Sapphire Throne, forlorn in its abandoned glory, its glitter dimmed by the fated defeat of Westchester. He slowly made his way towards it. His father had told him the stories, when Charles was a wee child of four who was barely above his father’s knees. A king should always be at the heart of his people; should Westchester ever fall, and may the ancient gods’ favour forever be upon our House that such a day shall never arrive, a king should be seated upon his throne, if not slain on the battlefield.Kurt was neither at the battlefield, nor upon the throne, having chosen instead to hide in one of the castle’s many hidden chambers. Charles walked up the dais. It was his throne – he was meant to be crowned on his sixteenth birthday, barely five months ago. At least an Xavier will sit upon this throne in Westchester’s last moments.Charles sat himself upon the Sapphire Throne, hands folded across his knees with his palms facing upwards, legs spread slightly apart, head held high, just as his father had taught him.  It was how he greeted the army who crashed through the iron-wrought doors to the great hall. Twenty men in all, every one of them bearing the sword and shield crest of House Lensherr. Their leader was a tall, slender figure – what he lacked in bulk, he made up for in grace as he strode down the hall with the sure confidence of a ruler. Stopping before the dais, he looked up at Charles, and Charles’ breath was arrested the instant their eyes met.Erik Lensherr - for it could be no one else, although the man’s mind was a strange void to Charles’ Gift - was a strikingly handsome man. Sculptured cheekbones, lips which were thin without being cruel, a hint of reddish stubble to his chin. The sight was marred only by his helmet, which was an odd contraption which curved down towards his jaw and shrouded his features under its shadows.His eyes, however, were his most striking feature – burnished grey steel which flickered with a cold blue light, and as unreadable to Charles as his mind. Lensherr stood before Charles, his gaze cool and detached, his pose neither that of a supplicant nor a conqueror, and Charles suddenly felt as if he was being silently weighed and judged, although he did not know what he was being judged for.“Charles!” So caught up was he in Lensherr’s spell, that he did not feel the touch of Raven’s familiar mind before her cry rang out in the vast throne room. Raven, his heart filled suddenly with a cold dread. Why did she not listen to him when he told her to flee?She was caught by the Genoshan soldiers before she was even midway through the hall. Charles was on his feet and dashing down the dais towards her without realising it, when he was trapped in a strong, unbreakable hold. He lashed out instinctively, the Genoshan soldiers holding his sister dropping like flies at his command.The grip around his chest tightened, and try as he might, he was unable to even touch the mind of his captor. Bile rose in his throat as he struggled futilely in Lensherr’s grasp, mind scrabbling against the empt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Sean Cassidy/Moira MacTaggert
Hank McCoy/Raven | Mystique
Emma Frost/Scott Summers

freeform: 
Smitten Erik
Forced Marriage
Slow Build
Eventually Smitten Charles
Misunderstandings
Erik is a Sweetheart
Age Difference
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Lovers to Friends

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Sean Cassidy/Moira MacTaggert
Hank McCoy/Raven | Mystique
Emma Frost/Scott Summers

