Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They haven’t said a word to each other since Steve informed him of the unexpected news. Tony’s not mad, if anything there’s a twinge of excitement coursing through him. He’s never considered himself the family type, not with the lifestyle he lived and his past to remind him that he was not father material.Becoming his own father was a fear, something he vowed to never become. This could be his chance to prove that he was not like Howard, and that Tony Stark was more than just a powerful, rich man. He could be a dad. Well, now he didn’t have a choice in the matter. He was going to be a father.That excitement is still rushing through him, but he’s quickly reminded that everything was going to change. Some aspects of his life would be affected positively; a baby brought joy and happiness. But their jobs were an issue.Being Earth’s Mightiest Heroes had its perks, but fame and popularity weren’t the only thing that came with the title. Destruction and threats were always rearing its ugly head. Throwing a baby into the mix was a recipe for disaster, and the last thing Tony wanted was for any harm to come to his family. Having been a victim of great loss in the past, losing his child would be the death of him.One look in Steve’s eyes lets Tony know he’s thinking the same thing. There was no way they could safely bring a baby into the world. Danger was lurking around every corner, and if the news broke out that Iron Man and Captain America were having a baby, that danger would step out of the shadows.“It’s not so bad.” Tony decides to be the first to break the silence that’s becoming uncomfortable. Steve peers up at him, his expression a giveaway that he is unimpressed with his boyfriend’s words.“It is bad, Tony. We’re not cut out for this sort of thing,” Steve argues. He’s terrified, more so than he’s ever been. A baby was life altering, and in their case, an easy target for every villain imaginable.“I may not be father material but I think we’re gonna be okay. The kid’s in good hands.”“How can we be so sure?”Tony sighs and rises to his feet, no longer finding the large sofa comfortable. Steve doesn’t move from his spot, and he allows Tony to take his hands. It’s soothing, but that fear of something happening to his unborn child is still far too great.“Tony, what if we can’t…” Steve doesn’t finish that thought. He can’t.“We can,” Tony assures, giving Steve’s hands a gentle squeeze. “Did you forget who we are?”“We’ve failed people before.”“That’s different.”“Is it?” Steve rips his hands away and puts some distance between them, a heavy sigh leaving his lips. One hand falls to his middle and he glances up to meet Tony’s eyes again. “Tony, I don’t know.”There was no point in trying to put up a brave front, Tony was just as, if not more, terrified of something or someone hurting their child. The idea of having a baby was already a scary thought all on its own, and throwing in threats from their enemies just made the situation worse.“I’m scared, too,” Tony admits. He steps forward, slowly inching closer until Steve allows him to be back in his personal bubble. He takes Steve’s hands again, offering a small smile of reassurance. “I don’t know how to be a father and frankly, I’m worried about messing up this poor kid like my…”Steve shakes his head quickly. “You could never do that. I know you’ll be a great dad, Tony. I’m just...you know what’s out there and if something happened-”“Hey, nothing and I mean nothing is gonna hurt this kid. We’re the Avengers. He’s in good hands, Cap.”“He?” Steve quirks a brow, lips curving into an amused grin. Tony shrugs in response.“It’s a boy. I know it is.” Tony’s eyes trail down to Steve’s middle, and he carefully reaches out to touch the spot where his child is growing. He smiles. “Wow. I’m gonna be a dad. It’s kinda weird.”“It is,” Steve agrees, and Tony can hear the smile in his voice. “For as long as I can remember, I wanted the simple life…”“But?” Tony looks up at him. “Come on, Cap tell me. Let me help you.”“I don’t know if this is a good time. We’re so busy with the team and with a baby...Tony, I don’t know about this.”“Believe me, I don’t know either. It doesn’t make sense to do this right now, but I want this and I think there’s a part of you that does too. This kid will give us a sense of normalcy.”“Yeah,” Steve smiles softly, his hand dropping down to rest over Tony’s. “I want this baby.”“Good. We’ll be okay. I promise to always keep the two of you safe.” Tony gently rubs his hand over Steve’s belly. He just discovered the new life growing beneath his fingertips, and already he was willing to do anything and everything to keep his baby safe.The news was both shocking and overwhelming, but there was no doubt in his mind that they could do this. They’ve faced worse before, and as long as they had each other, they were going to be okay.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Mpreg
Pregnant Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Irondad
Peter Parker is Tony and Steve's Biological Child
Baby Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Hydra Bucky Barnes
Hydra (Marvel)
Hurt Steve Rogers
Whump
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventual Smut
Peter Needs Protection
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Kidnapping
Miscarriage Scare
Description of giving birth
Birth
Male Lactation
Nursing
NSFW Art
Digital Art

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

