Chapter 1: Powers of AU Spiderman
    


Summary:

Look at the Title.





Chapter Text
Contrary to what many people thought, Spiderman was not in a league below the avengers in terms of powers and skills. He was not a hero who was only capable of dealing on the streets. In fact, Spiderman was perhaps the only superhero in New York who went out of his way to protect the streets, aside from Daredevil. Spiderman had been protecting New York for almost seven years now, so no one in their right mind would call him an amateur or a rookie. Spiderman was a hero with experience, with quite a prolific rogues gallery of his own. Spiderman had dealt with them every time, with majority of those times ending with the rogue ending up in the Raft or the Rikers. But this is a fact that almost nobody knows- not his rogues, not the public, not the police, not the Avengers, not anyone but himself: Spiderman never, ever, went full force against anybody.When Peter first started out as Spiderman, he had almost no idea of what he was capable of. But as he matured over the years, he learnt the hard way that to overcome some problems, he first had to know what he was capable of, otherwise he could overstep his boundaries and get himself killed. So he had then resolved to get a gist of what were the limits of his abilities, three years after he started out. And boy, he freaked himself out.Let's start with super strength. Peter knew he had acquired super strength on the day when he smashed his alarm clock into pieces without even realizing. Theoretically, spiders can lift almost ten times their own body weight. By that logic, Peter should only be able to lift somewhere around 1350 pounds, but he knew he had lifted weights that were much, much heavier than that. Hell, he had stopped a 3000 lbs car moving at 40 miles/hour with his bare hands, without even exerting much effort! The most he had lifted, however, was almost 25 tonnes! Rhino had managed to, somehow, trap him under a 10 wheeler, after which Peter had managed to knock the guy out with a fist-sized rock straight to the guy's head. Peter had never exerted so much force in his life, but after what felt like a lifetime but was only a few seconds, he had managed to lift the truck and roll it over to the side so he could get up.
Bottom line, Spiderman was insanely strong, strong enough to put Captain America to shame. Peter's muscles were extraordinarily dense, so much that they could exert a force of 25 tonnes. So Peter had to hold back his strength significantly, otherwise he could literally punch a baseline human into pieces, including the man out of time. At the age of twenty two, Peter was willing to bet that the number had gone up to 27 or 28 tonnes. Of course, his enhanced muscles also offer him a form of durability. He was capable of shrugging off a fall from various stories like it was nothing, being smashed into a brick wall with only minimal injuries. Heck, the punches of a normal baseline human were only capable of tickling him. His tissues were very tough, giving him a substantial shock absorbing capability. Not just his tissues, but his overall body, that included his bones and skin. He could survive events what no baseline human could, and walk away with not more than a few broken bones.Next is hyper senses. Peter's senses had been enhanced by the spider bite as well. His eyesight had been terrible before the spider bite, but after that it had become so focused that Peter had to consciously control his sight so as to not get overwhelmed. Once he had been able to do that, he was blown away by the fact that it was clear as a crystal. His hearing had been dialed up to eleven, and Peter had to control it, make himself focus on one sound, otherwise his eardrums would have ruptured long ago. Once he had learned to focus himself, he had amused himself by eavesdropping on various conversations, standing meters away.Peter had also found out that he had superhuman stamina, meaning he could exert himself far longer than any normal human could without tiring. He had found that out by running ten miles, with only light panting to show for his run. He had done three hundred push ups, after which his arms had started to get slightly stiff, and that was after the ten mile run.
An interesting thing he had found in his run was that he could run faster than what was possible for any human. Way, way faster. He had calculated his speed and had topped at a whooping 197.3 miles/hour. For any normal human, it was nothing less than a blur. But it had a flip side to it too. He could run at his top speed only for about 12 seconds after which he would get tired real quick. But it was good to know that he was the fastest superhuman out there. Even Captain America could only run at 60 miles an hour.
His legs were very powerful, which is why he tested his jumping ability as well. To his amazement, he could jump almost 30 meters vertically, and almost a 150 meters horizontally! It was simply mind bl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker and Tony Stark
Peter Parker and Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Max Modell & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smart Peter Parker
Like insanely smart
Adult Peter Parker
Experienced Spider man
BAMF Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Gwen Stacy is Spider-Woman
Precious Gwen Stacy
Gwen Stacy is a rookie
Mentor Spider-Man
Romance
Action
Happy Ending
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker and Tony Stark
Peter Parker and Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Max Modell & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

