Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Jane's drunken fingers touched the lines of the two fuzzy names on her back curiously when Darcy finally declared the New Mexico heat too much for her shirt. Good thing it was just her, Jane, and a lot of cobbled together science machinery. Erik was stargazing way out in the desert so no one cared if two girls and a bottle of tequila sat around in their bras.And Darcy had a damn cute bra on too so at least someone should be appreciating it."They've always been that way," Darcy said with a shrug, brushing off the questions as elegantly as she had since her cup size had tripled in six months and the girls in the locker room started asking questions."They were never clear?" Jane asked."Nope. Mom always thought I was just the oldest of the three, but by ten it was a little weird, and by fifteen I'd said fuck it. She's holding out hope, but if it's meant to be I'm gonna be seventy when I meet them." Darcy had once sounded bitter when she recited that, but by now it was just a fact of life.There were two names down Darcy's back: unclear scribbles that were supposed to sharpen into clarity when her soulmates were born. In fact, they might have been clear once, but she'd had the real luck of the draw to lose both soulmates in childhood when no one was looking. When a soulmate died, the name reverted into the unreadable writing, so there was a chance it had been clear once and then faded before anyone noticed.Jane and her were quite the misfits. Jane's own soulmark was a series of runes no one had ever been able to make out. It was part of what drove Jane's enormous brain into science because history hadn't helped her at all. Both of them had never really talked about it before, but tequila helped."Think they're both men," Darcy muttered, flopping face-first on to the futon and nearly spilling her drink. "Call them my lost boys.""This one with the R is kinda pretty," Jane murmured, her own fingers going to her right thigh to trace her runes. On the left side of Darcy's spine there was a barely legible "R" and what she was pretty sure was a B on the right. Both names graced Darcy's upper back bracketing her spine, so she couldn't see them without craning around with at least two mirrors. At this point she didn't bother anymore. Too difficult and depressing to look at."Sometimes I'd get a twinge back there and rush to the mirror," she admitted, then stared into her empty glass. Damn tequila making her say things she wouldn't normally. "Never anything though. Now I don't even look.""I visited fourteen libraries around the world," Jane said, weaving a bit as she sat down on the bed. The camper was barely big enough for them both. "Did an internship in Norway and Sweden just for that. Closest is Nordic runes, but it's not a match."They both stared at each other in mutual resignation. They weren't going to be those happy people with a soulmate (or two) on their arm beaming like they'd swallowed the sun. Just had some fucked up soulmarks and each other."Hey, maybe we've been spared serial killers. Or abusive jackasses. And you can make your own future and all that stuff," Darcy tried, repeating the trite line of the anti-soulmate movement. "And there's more tequila for us!"That was the signal to pour more and forget what they'd been talking about. It would be two nights later that Jane hit Thor with the truck and solved the mystery of her runes. Darcy wouldn't admit it, even under extreme amounts of tequila, but that made her hope.When Steve had been growing up it was a little more common to have an unclear name on your skin. Childhood disease had been a lot more rampant and World War I and then World War II meant everyone knew someone who had a lost name. He'd always had Bucky's on his left hip, the match to his name on Bucky's right arm, but the one on the right hip had never been clear. Bucky had the same fuzzy scrawl on his left arm and he had never remembered a time it was legible either.But they'd had each other, and that had been enough.And then when there hadn't been Bucky… well, Peggy had lost her soulmate too and it wasn't uncommon for two people with unreadable soulmarks to come together. It hadn't been the same, but Steve thought it could have been if fate had cooperated.Peggy was in a retirement home according to SHIELD's packet on her, but he hadn't yet gathered the courage to see her, and Bucky was already gone. Now though…"Darcy Lewis," he murmured, tracing the clear words imprinted on his skin—never with a middle name, though no one knew why. It was a hurried signature by someone who didn't care for appearances except for a big "D". Steve couldn't help thinking it had a kind of careless, innate beauty.On his left hip though was still the masculine handwriting of Bucky, the name James Barnes clear as day."Hasn't faded?" the doctor had asked sympathetically at his last check-up. "It usually takes a few weeks to a few months to fade, especially if the death is sudden. The freezing p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soulmarks
Fluff
Darcy has a million nicknames
Tony Stark is a meddler
Threesome - F/M/M
Smut
Protective Thor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

