Chapter 1: Day 1
    


Summary:

Dom Peter agrees to switch roles with sub Wade for a month after lying to the older man.Proofed, to some degree: 5/23/21Reproofed since I slipped tenses: 6/21/21





Chapter Text
Peter’s stomach knotted as he dropped to his knees at his boyfriend’s feet. He’d known this moment was coming, and he’d dreaded it ever since Wade got back from that two-week SHIELD mission.“Why are we doing this?” Wade asked, not a hint of amusement in his tone.Oh, this was so not the mercenary Peter knew. Even after swallowing and licking his lips, he could barely force the words from his mouth. “Because your baby boy didn’t eat or sleep as often as he promised Daddy he would.” Ugh, the word Daddy tasted like bleach on his tongue.“And?” Wade prompted.Peter bowed his head, cheeks flaming. “And he tried to hide that fact from Daddy.” Speaking of himself in third person while anticipating his first actual punishment left his mind buzzing. Wade had flipped full-Deadpool when he caught the younger man mid-lie. For all of half a second.“And what four things is my baby boy forbidden?” Wade asked.Forbidden. Peter had never had anything forbidden from him in his life, yet here he was, accepting rules set down by the man least likely to follow even the basic guidelines of human decency. Shame curled in his chest. “Anything dangerous, dishonest, disrespectful, or disobedient.”“And why is my baby boy in bootcamp?”“Because he did all four of those at once.” Flames burned across Peter's skin, the humiliation deep.“Good boy.” Wade ran a hand through his boy’s unruly hair, the touch soothing only some of the younger man's worry. “Now drop ’em and assume the position.”Dressed to head out the door to his Stark internship, Peter shook as he let his pants and underwear pool around his ankles. For his first experience on the receiving end of their twisted games, he leaned over, hands gripping the seat of a kitchen chair.“This is going to hurt you a lot more than it does me, baby boy,” Wade teased. He smacked Peter’s Punishment Paddle™ against his meaty, scarred hand, then held it out to Peter’s lips. “Kiss your girl, Petey. She’s gonna be your bosom companion for the next little bit.” Once the younger man obeyed, he warned, “She’ll show ya the love. But if you’re a bad boy she’ll give ya few more kisses.”At that familiar pop of wood against flesh, goosebumps broke out over Peter’s body. No warm up, he’d get a quick spanking, hard enough to feel, a reminder that he’s being punished, that he now has to follow Daddy’s rules. But first he had to ask for it. No matter how much he feared that heavy paddle, the tears it would bring, and the reminder of how he'd disrespected their relationship, his lover, and himself.Throat dry as sand, Peter whispered, “Daddy, may your baby boy have a reminder to follow your rules?” A steadying hand at the small of his back knocked the wind from Peter’s lungs, the anticipation jacking up his heartrate until he could barely hear over the blood rushing through his ears.With a loud smack, a line of beestings blossomed across both ass cheeks. Peter’s yelp didn’t stop the next strike from landing at the top of his thighs. With the third hit, a tear of frustration rolled down his nose. He'd earned this, no doubt, but he hated every second of vulnerability. He wanted to beg, plead for leniency, anything to stop the vicious blows. Not that Wade would relent. Not unless Peter used his safeword. And it fluttered at the edge of his mind. He could yelp pineapple, and the hard cracks would stop. For now.Lost in his thoughts, Peter barely noticed when Wade’s hand stroked gently over the heated marks on his ass. Then the bigger man tapped his hip twice, the signal for Peter to stand.“That’s just ten strokes, but I think that’s enough for right now. Whad'ya say, baby boy, think you’ll feel that until you get home?”Hating the way he sniffled, Peter replied, “Yes, Daddy.” He wanted to see the red across his ass, but he didn’t have time to twist in front of the bathroom mirror. He settled for rubbing the stinging flesh.Wade sat in the chair while smoothing lube over Peter’s locking cock cage. “And what’s forbidden during bootcamp?”“I’m not allowed to touch myself, Daddy.”“Bingo, got it in one.” With a chuckle Wade slipped the plastic into place and pushed the lock closed. “Now get those pants up so you aren’t late for work.”Once Peter tugged himself together, he ran a sleeve over his cheeks to dry his tears. “Thank you, Daddy.” Strangely enough, he's pretty sure he means that.“You’re doing so good, baby boy. Just two more and you’ll be through your first day of bootcamp.” Wade wrapped both arms around Peter’s smaller frame. “Have a good day, sweetheart.”“You too.” Peter paused long enough to give Wade an affectionate kiss before he hurried out the door only two minutes later than usual. Throughout the day, Peter's thoughts strayed to the burn from that morning, and his cock twitched with interest. When he got
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Domestic Discipline
Paddling
Orgasm Delay/Denial
ruined orgasm
Punishment
Liar Liar Ass on Fire
Discipline
Bondage
top!wade
Bottom!Peter
Cock Cages
Orgasm Denial
Orgasm Delay
Kneeling
Anal Sex
Come Shot
Established Relationship
Sweet
Fluff and Smut
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Punishment Ritual
Safewords
Dom/sub
dom!wade
sub!peter
no beta we die like men
not edited
OOC
Not Canon Compliant
Perfectly in Character for Fanfic's Wade and Petey though
Submission
Blue Balls
Dacryphilia
Daddy Kink
BDSM
explicit - Freeform
chaotic switches
Bottom!Wade
top!Peter
Deadpool Thought Boxes
The boxes get to come out and play
They are both sexy and terrifying
Banter
Stark Cameos
poor guy's seen too much
tease and denial
Humor
The one-liners -- they burn
Sciencing with Banner
no beta we die like ben

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

