Chapter 1: Bookish Beginnings
    




Chapter Text

     Everyone was so much taller than you.

Running in circles, trying to get away from the havoc in the marketplace, but still trying to watch their fearless prince. They knocked you down, in a place that put the scene unfolding right in your line of vision. The fallen prince, disoriented and out of breath.

The feeling of needing to help overwhelmed you when you saw Thor alone in the middle of the crowd, hammer lost, with the army of four frost giants advancing.

Mjolnir glinted in the corner of your eye. Without thinking, acting solely on instinct, you grabbed it and rushed forward to shove it into Thor’s grip.

The look in his eyes was unlike any you had ever seen before, and ever seen since.
      You awoke in a cold sweat, as you always did when the memory greeted you in your sleep.It was getting better, though- despite how the memory was resurfacing, you weren’t as drenched as you had been earlier in the month.Sighing, you looked out the window to see it was almost dawn. No use in trying to get anymore sleep. You walked into your bathroom and began to fill the tub with lukewarm water. You had barely even stepped in when your maid entered your chambers.“Good morning.” she smiled, greeting you. Hardly, you wanted to respond, but you didn’t. Your ten years in the palace had taught you to hold your tongue. You gave her a small smile.“Morning, Alva.” you responded. You saw her eyebrows knit.“Not the dream again.” she murmured. You nodded. She tutted, trying to lighten the mood. “Well, I don’t see why that day stresses you out so much. It’s because of those few moments you came to live in the palace.” Alva’s voice took a more playful tone. “…And led to  your betrothal of the prince.”“The prince.” you repeated. You turned to look at Alva, who had begun to brush your hair. “There are two, you know.” Alva gave you a tight smile.“Of course!” she said. “I suppose I mean the next king. Making you the queen.” she grew slightly quieter. “We in the palace never forget about Prince Loki. I’m surprised you don’t, though. You don’t see much of him.”“I don’t see much of either.” you admit. “Hmm.” Alva hands you a drying towel. “Well, Thor has his duties. But fear not, my Lady. Especially with your most recent birthday, you are in his thoughts for sure.”As you walk to the dining hall for breakfast, you can’t help but dwell on the fact that her reassurance does exactly the opposite. ~Despite your birthday, and the impending promise of a wedding that came with it, there were certain things you more than appreciated about being older.Mainly, your etiquette lessons were over. Gone were the days of learning how to stand, smile, eat, drink, speak. One would think that being worthy of Mjolnir meant you wouldn’t need schooling on being polite. Apparently, one was wrong. With your lessons finished, you were now free to do anything you desired until the wedding. And that was nine months away. For now, you had all the time in the world to peruse the palace, ride the horses, visit the marketplace-And read.The best part about the palace was undoubtedly the library. It was filled to the ceiling with books, new and old, on every single subject. You had discovered the library and the freedom that came with it when you were fourteen, four years after moving into the palace. It quickly became the place you spent the majority of your free time.At some point during all your reading, stacks of three or four books began appearing in the small sitting area tucked under a staircase you had found. You still didn’t know who put them there, but they appeared every month or so, and you always looked forward to it.You found them today in their normal spot. You counted three books, two about the history of Asgard’s battles and one a collection of short stories about princesses. You thumbed over the book of short stories, finding a page bookmarked. It was a story about a girl who come to the royal family similar to you: while she had been picked out of the crowd for her beauty, the manner of the situation rang true to yours. You settled into the cushions of your secret spot and began to read, allowing yourself to be lost in the world similar and yet inherently different than yours.You were thrilled as this princess snuck out of her room every night, meeting a servant boy in the stables. She loved him, but struggled with her duty to the prince.Before you could finish the story, you realized you were late to your meeting with Frigga. You glance down at your book.You knew fully well Frigga would understand if you were late. Her talks with you were always light-hearted, as opposed to the ones with Odin, who endlessly picked at your character in an attempt to figure out how you were worthy of his son’s power.But you weren’t one to take advantage of someone’s loving nature like that. You stood up, aiming to drop the book off in your chambers, but quickly realizing there wasn’t time. You would have to brin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
loki imagine - Relationship
Loki x Reader
loki x you - Relationship
Loki Laufeyson - Relationship
loki laufeyson imagine
loki laufeyson x reader
loki laufeyson x you
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Eventual Smut
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn Without Plot
PWP
Porn with Feelings
Vaginal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Praise Kink
Reader-Insert
Explicit Sexual Content
consent is cool and we love it here
Marvel Universe
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Marvel - Freeform
marvel imagine
marvel x reader - Freeform
Asgard
Asgard (Marvel)
Asgardian Loki (Marvel)
Asgardian Reader (Marvel)
Asgardian Thor (Marvel)
Self-Insert
Hand Jobs
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Arranged Marriage
Canon Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence
Pre-Thor (2011)
Thor (2011) - Freeform
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Jealous Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
18+
18+ ONLY
adult
Adult Content

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
loki imagine - Relationship
Loki x Reader
loki x you - Relationship
Loki Laufeyson - Relationship
loki laufeyson imagine
loki laufeyson x reader
loki laufeyson x you
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

