Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Let him go Ross.” Tony ordered.  

He held his arm out, repulsor charged and aimed at the man in front of him, but he didn’t fire.  He couldn’t be sure he wouldn’t hit Peter.  Ross had his kid in a chokehold and he was using him as a human shield, cowering behind him with a gun held to his head.

“I don’t think I will.” Ross said with a sneer, tightening his hold.

Peter’s face was starting to turn red, but he still struggled weakly, trying to pry Ross’s arm away from his neck.  But he couldn’t get away.  For Peter not to be able to free himself, Ross must’ve done something to block his strength or he was more hurt than Tony realized.

Peter’s terror filled eyes stared at Tony, silently pleading to be saved.

“You should’ve listened to me Stark.” Ross grit out.  “Now it’s too late.”

Ross readjusted the gun so it was flush against Peter’s temple.

“No!” Tony screamed.  But it was too late.

Ross pulled the trigger.
Tony awoke with a scream dying on his lips.  He jerked upward, instantly recognizing the interior of his bedroom.  A dream.  It’d only been a dream.  It hadn’t happened.  Peter was safe.  Safe and asleep in his bed across the hall.Tony took a few deliberate breaths to try to quell the lingering panic and his racing heart.  He ran a hand down his face to wipe away the cold sweat.“Shit.” He shook his head.  Even though his clock read 2:45AM there was no way he was getting back to sleep tonight.  Peter was back home but his brain couldn’t seem to get with the program and believe that he was actually safe.  The nightmares were starting to wear him down.He got out of bed and changed into appropriate workshop attire, jeans and a t-shirt, since that was where he was headed.  The past couple days he’d been toying with an idea for how to keep Peter safe, and after that dream he felt motivated to complete it tonight so Peter could get it as soon as possible.  Just in case.He stepped out of his bedroom and paused outside Peter’s door.  He should walk past it.  Logically he knew Peter was asleep and perfectly fine, but he still couldn’t stop himself from quietly turning the doorknob and poking his head inside his son’s room.  Peter slept soundly on his back, completely oblivious to Tony’s nighttime rounds.  A pile of pillows cushioned his bad leg and he appeared to be resting peacefully, although the way he was tangled in the covers didn’t look all that comfortable.Tony opened the door the rest of the way and crept silently across the room to his kid.  As he got closer he could hear soft snuffling snores.  Usually Peter didn’t snore, but he also usually didn’t sleep on his back or take painkillers that completely knocked him out either.Tony gently maneuvered his son’s sleep limp limbs so he could pull the sheets off and rearrange them so they softly fell back into place and completely covered Peter.  He did the same with the down comforter that was half on the floor.  Once the covers were nestled up against his kid’s chin, Tony took a second to appreciate the serene sight in front of him.  It helped to erase the remnants of fear left from his nightmare.  Ross hadn’t won, and he never would.  The man was dead.  Tony had made sure of it.  He brushed his son’s hair back and dropped a kiss on his forehead.  Peter didn’t so much as stir.  A smile tugged on Tony’s lips.  Sometimes he was blown away by the amount of love he could feel for one small human.  It felt like his heart existed outside of his body, away from his protection, vulnerable to all the dangers and hurts of the outside world.  He’d wrap Peter in bubble wrap and have him within sight at all times if he could, but he knew that wasn’t possible, or even particularly sane.  So instead, he had to satisfy himself with these small moments in time when he knew Peter was safe.He reluctantly pried himself away from Peter’s side, backing out silently and shutting the door behind him, the sight of Peter peacefully resting ingrained in his mind.  With his worries now settled, he might’ve been able to go back to sleep, and he briefly considered it, but instead of going back to his bedroom, he wandered down to the communal floor, only slightly surprised to find the lights on.  The Avengers as a whole kept odd hours.  It wasn’t rare for someone to be up all night or to get up in the middle of the night to grab a snack.  He was, however, surprised to find several people up.“Why wasn’t I invited to this party?” He griped as he headed to the coffee pot in the kitchen, walking past Bruce, Steve, Clint, and Nat sitting on the couches watching something on the TV at low volume.“We thought you were asleep.” Steve answered.“I was.” He said simply and went to work making a pot of coffee.  While he waited for it to brew, he walked over and stood to the side of the couch where Steve sat.“Bad dream?” Steve asked without any judgement.“What gave it away?”“Lucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Nightmares

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

