Work Text:
 
“Vee?” Towel wrapped around his waist, Eddie peeked into their bedroom, fresh from the shower with his hair still damp, “I’m ready.”
I’m glad to hear it, Venom was a great dark shape with a killer’s smile in the dim glow of the night-time city lights coming in through the windows. He produced a polite tentacle to gesture with, If you would remove the towel, I will see to the cage.
Chucking the damp towel into a corner, his warm skin prickling in the cool air of the room, Eddie glanced down at the very convincing series of interlocking symbiote-metal rings enclosing his cock, complete with an adjoining loop around his balls.
You have abstained from touching yourself while wearing it, as agreed? While Venom had to be aware of the answer, he asked this anyway.
“Yeah, I –” Eddie had to pause to take a breath in, feeling his cock attempt to stir, only to be stymied by the presence of the cage, “Mostly.”
He’d slipped his pinky finger into the little gap for pissing to stroke his glans early on, curious, but had had to stop when the need to get hard had got too much.
It didn’t help that wearing the cage really turned him on. A trickle of precome was seeping from the slit of his cock now, slickening the smallest loop. The cage rippled around him, losing its apparently inanimate status as it tightened, slowly squeezing his shaft.
Mostly? The repetition was dark.
“M-Mostly,” Eddie confirmed, panting, his stomach jerking, “Ah – ah –” The grip didn’t hurt, but it was entirely arousing and his dick was still trapped, aching to fill out. He whined, “Please –”
I don’t think so. At that, the cage simply retreated – liquefying and then forming into a long slender strand that was sucked into his slit, zipping up into Eddie through his urethra in a way that had his knees buckling, his hands going out to catch himself on tentacles that lashed out to support him, fastening onto the ceiling and walls.
“Fucking oh my god –” His dick was going from zero to one hundred in seconds.
Down, Eddie, A tentacle poked out of his hip, flattened into something approximating a hand, and slapped his cock, sending it bouncing off his belly, a bright shock of brilliant sensation that made Eddie cry out.
“Veee!” Fat drops of fresh precome splattered on the floor as Eddie yanked at the tentacles stringing him up, his mind and body alight with need, “Venom, please please please do that again, fuck –”
I think you might need a little help remembering the terms of our agreement, Venom mused instead.
“I – I do. I think I really do,” Eddie pressed his lips together to muffle pleading whimpers as his dick deflated without him having any say in it whatsoever, his head craning down eagerly to watch as it softened until it hung limp and quiescent between his legs. “Oh, ohhh yes – that’s awesome.”
There, Venom did not however remove any of the arousal throbbing its way through the rest of his host’s body, Eddie’s skin tingling, his breath shallow, nipples stiffly peaked and belly quivering with the force of his desire. His ass clenched on nothing, balls heavy and aching as if the mass of symbiote that had travelled into him through his dick remained curled up there.
It was all wonderful, wonderful –
That’s better, Pleased, Venom formed a little head and bent to give the still weeping tip of Eddie’s flushed and tender limp dick a little suckling kiss in reward.
“Gah!” His symbiote had done something to make his tiny tongue feel like ice, the cold making Eddie yelp in panting delight when the point slipped in under his foreskin to tickle his slit, whisking over the glistening head.
You’re doing well, Eddie, The praise made him shiver even more than the cold. The tentacles holding him up loosened and gave him a little nudge towards the bed, Now lie down and make yourself comfortable with your back against the mattress.
“O-okay, yeah,” Stumbling the few steps needed to take him over to it, Eddie bashed his pillow and bit his lip at the sight of the stirrups that rose up into being, “You want me to, ah, use those?”
Yes, Venom sent out a couple of tentacles to curl around his ankles as Eddie angled himself onto the mattress and lay back, helping him lift his feet one after the other and position them in the stirrups. They will optimise viewing.
“Cool,” Blinking at the ceiling, Eddie inhaled shallowly at the feeling of his cock seeking to stir back to life as his knees fell open, thighs parting so his balls lay simply between the v – hah – of his legs, his dick resting to one side.
Here, Venom sent out a smaller tendril to reposition it, winding around Eddie’s shaft to angle it on top of his balls so the head pointed down over them in a neat line.
“Want me nice and symmetrical, huh?” Eddie chuckled, even as he felt his cock jerk at the touch.
Yes, His symbiote agreed. He increased the size of his head, rising up over Eddie to consider him with swirling white eyes, You look pleasing like this. You looked pleasing earlier too, desperate for me, but –
The 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Kinktober 2019
Explicit Sexual Content
Interspecies
Alien/Human Relationships
Kissing
Light Bondage
Cock Cages
Restraints
Sounding
Urethral Play
Object Insertion
Eggs
Oviposition
Oral Sex
Alien Sex
Shapeshifting
Anal Sex
Prostate Massage
Medical Kink
Ball Stretcher
Consensual Kink
Safe Sane and Consensual
Enthusiastic Consent
Day 31
Porn with Feelings
Discussion of mpreg
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Idiots in Love
Macro/Micro
(a bit of)
Also Venom as his huge self
Size Difference
Don't copy to another site
See notes for additional tags / warnings
Service Top Venom
Bottom Eddie Brock
Cock Slapping
Possible Mpreg
don't eat that
Speculum
Stirrups
Praise Kink
Cock Plugs
Aftercare

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

