Chapter 1: Him
    




Chapter Text
The plane. How he hated travelling by plane. He was used to it, flying from one country to the other, but he had an innate fear of flying. Plus he was sat next to a screaming child. He knew it wasn’t the child’s fault, but he wasn’t particularly fond of children. 
 
He swore he could see pencil marks on the table right in front of him, probably from a previous passenger that flew with that same plane, most likely a small child, vandalizing the low cost airline. 
 
If it weren’t for love, he wouldn’t have been flying on a two hour flight from Gatwick to Venice. If he was told a couple of months prior that he would have believed in love, he would’ve been laughing. As he had never believed in it. 
 
He believed it all rooted from his parents. They got divorced when he was eight, and there was no way he knew about that. He was too young to understand it. So he was told they didn’t love each other anymore, and that he was going to live with his mother. 
 
Much to his excitement. Though the first chance she got, she sent him off to boarding school, where he stayed there. 
 
His love life was greatly affected by his perception of love, as he became a so called ‘commitment phobe’. He just jumped from one insignificant relationship to the other, without it ever sticking. He’d always wake up from a night partying, in some girl’s bed (whose name he didn’t remember), fumbling to get into his pants and run off. 
 
Scared he would be stuck in a cycle of singledom, without having ever accomplished anything on his own, he set out to become just like everyone else in his life, and start dating his father’s business partner’s eldest daughter. 
 
Being honest, he had never loved her. Maybe he had thought she was pretty, and tolerable, but he had never loved her. Which made him proposing to her, all the more crazy in his mind. However to him, he was doing the right thing: as firstly, she had always wanted to get married (and he was doing her a favor by doing so). 
 
And secondly, the marriage was convenient for his father’s company. So it was a win win for both parties. However the more he got to know her, the more he started falling in love with her. For exactly 120 days. 
 
That was exactly how long he was in love with her for. Four months of complete domestic bliss. And for four months, he understood her, protected her, moved countries for her, and loved her as hard as he could, knowing the moment was fleeting. 
 
His fingers lightly tapped on the plastic table, as he started writing. As the smiley stewardess with the cart full of beverages passed by, and he ordered a coffee. Black. No sugar. He was given a paper cup, with a dark brown liquid which vaguely resembled coffee. 
 
His face scrunched up at the bitter taste, trying his best not to show much disgust in public. As he attended the time the plane would land, and he would be faced with the inevitable truth. 




That he was in love. 






 London, 9 March 2018- 22:45  



4 months prior 


 

 His day started like any other. He had woken up to the shrill sound of his alarm, which resonated throughout the empty house.  

 

 He never understood the need of such a large house if he was by himself most of the time, he would’ve much rather lived in a swanky new penthouse in the city center and if it wasn’t under much insistence from his parents in law, he would’ve.  

 

 After all, it seemed like they called the shots on his marriage as well. The house was everything he had imagined it to be when they had first moved in. White, with large windows and Greek style columns at its entrance.  

 

 It wasn’t exactly white, but alabaster. Not that he cared enough to know the difference. He just knew of it because his wife wouldn’t stop talking about it, how it made the house look more decadent and etc.  

 

 The interior had already been furnished, as the house was in her family for generations. He kept it simple, putting everything that they didn’t need in storage.  

 

 Except that hideous painting of hydrangeas in the living room. 

 

 Hideous, in the real meaning of the word. He had no idea what possessed his wife to keep it there, probably a display of her already huge ego.  

 

 The piano though, it was his idea to put it there. He wasn’t a proficient player, however he liked it there. It reminded him of his childhood. It gave substance to the room that was once cluttered with antique vases and paintings.  

 

 He enjoyed mornings like that, simple, quiet, enjoying a cup of coffee in peace, without hearing his wife’s yakking first thing in the day.  

 

 It used to be tolerable, but since she didn’t use her mouth for others means anymore, he hated it.  

 

 His days appeared to be shorter, mostly because he was stuck in an endless routine. Which mostly consisted of him waking up, going to work, fucking the pretty blonde, from the English literature department, going back home and fixing himself a drink.  

 
His hands were ball
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Vaginal Sex
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
Exhibitionism
Public Sex
Blow Jobs
Cheating
its basically filth with plot
Angst
Creampie
Cunnilingus
Sex Parties
BDSM
age gap
May/December Relationship
Older Man/Younger Woman
Open Relationship
Anal Sex
Voyeurism
Threesome
Unprotected Sex
Spanking
Shower Sex
Sex Toys
Pool Sex
thigh riding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

