Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You know what, no.”  Tony watched as a fuel truck flew through the air before bursting into flames—Spiderman, Rhodey, and the King of Wakanda scattering to all sides to avoid the blast.  Tony huffed, disgusted with his “teammates” before lowering to the ground and calling to his team through the coms to gather up and fall back.	“They’re falling back,” Bucky said as Steve and his teammates grouped up, still ready for a fight.	“Alright, Cap.  I don’t know what you expect to accomplish by attacking us, but I’m out.  You’ve made yourself clear.  You don’t care about any of us; you’ll go through us if that gets you what you want.  Well, then Ross can have you.  My guys, back it up.  I’m calling in Ross.”	“Wait, Tony!  What,” Nat called urgently.	Just as T’Challa added “Barnes is mine,” running towards Barnes.	Tony quickly shot off wrist and ankle restraints before darting the rampaging King.		“Tony, you know what Ross is going to do!” Nat gripped his arm tightly as if he could even feel it through the suit.	“I don’t care, Romanov.  They just tried to take our whole team out with a fuel truck—some guy that I don’t even know, I might add,” he shouts with a wave of his gauntleted fist.  Steve and the others are watching warily, but Steve grimaced at the comment.	“Hey,” Scott mumbled half-heartedly, thinking anonymity might be better considering his recent mistake with the fuel truck.	“I called in a teen super hero because I thought we could trust these guys, our teammates, to at least care about making a reasonable choice considering what they were facing.  We should be the clear choice.  But I’m not going to risk any more people for those—criminals,” he snarled in disgust.	“We are not criminals!  You are the one locking away the innocent,” Maximoff cried, still angry about being on “house arrest” at the compound.	“Save it, honey.  You can leave whenever you want.  You just won’t be coming back.  Not on my dime.  Get your own damn Visa,” Tony said aggressively before calling through another line on his com.  “Ross, the deal is off.  They aren’t willing to listen to me and mine.  Do what you have to.”  With that, Tony turned and the others began to fall in line behind him, Rhodey carrying the drugged king.  Nat stood in the middle, clearly waffling on what to do.	“Tony, there are winter soldiers,” Steve called desperately.	“You know what.  I’ll make one concession here,” done with Steve’s unwillingness to compromise, and completely unsure if this little story was made up to save Barnes or not.  Tony flipped his mask back down targeted the jet in the hanger and fired a short-range missile.  Everyone watched in shock as the hanger and the only transport vehicle remaining blew sky high.  “Get your own ride,” Stark sneered casually.  “And don’t worry, Ross.  I’ll pay for that one.”  Tony turned and walked away as sirens began blaring in the background.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Sam Friendly Sometimes
Not Clint Friendly Sometimes
Team Tony Salty Don't Like it Don't Read it

fandom: 
None
