Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
You open your eyes, feeling groggy as you try to focus on the room. From the sterile white walls to the beeping equipment all around you, none of it seems familiar. This must be some sort of hospital room, you just don't understand how you came to be there. It doesn’t make sense, the last thing you remembered was intense cold before everything going dark. Your eyes dart towards the curtain as you hear footsteps and voices approaching. Your ears strain to get as much detail as you can. “I appreciate you coming down so quick, I didn’t want to do this without you.” You hear a man’s hushed voice explain as he lets out a heavy sigh. “We recovered someone from that old base during the routine sweep.” “Is it a Hydra operative?”Your brow furrows at the sound of the new voice. The rich timbre you hear seems familiar to you, like a melody you heard as a child but couldn't fully remember.“Not sure, but I figured you’d want to be the one to question her.” The first voice responds and this time it sounds like the men are right on the other side of the curtain. You slide down into the bed, biting down hard on your bottom lip as he continues. “She was found with an S.S.R. pin on her.”   “She had an S.S.R. pin? I haven’t seen one of those since before I went into the ice.” “Take a look for yourself.” The curtain slides back and you look up. You may not have recognized his voice through your fogginess but you could never forget the handsome lines of his face.You feel your eyes widen in disbelief as you take him in. You can’t believe this, it’s simply not possible. Steve Rogers is standing in front of you, alive and whole.The man you had given your heart to, the man you had spent the last year mourning, frowns as he holds your S.S.R. pin in his left hand.“How is this possible?” The two of you ask at the same time and you find you are unable to tear your eyes from each other. “Share with the class?” The second man asks, soft brown eyes moving between the two of you. Glancing at him you realize that he has a familiar look to him, but you are too disoriented to properly place it.Without a word, you move to stand. You can hold yourself up but you wobble slightly as you try to walk. Steve is quickly by your side, wrapping his arms gently around you. “Can you tell me what happened?” He asks, his voice laced with confusion and disbelief. For a moment, you stare into his eyes, finding concern etched around his features. You had thought about him every single day for the past year. Now, you can’t seem to make sense of what’s happening and that thought frightens you.You heard him go into the ice, you'd never be able to forget that day. And yet, unless you've lost you mind, here he is. Whole and alive.“I…” You start, speaking before you can gather your thoughts. “There were five of us…. I remember, I remember a fight…” You trail off and your eyes grow wide with panic.“What’s the matter?” Steve asks, confusion clouding his face as he watches you.
Bucky… He’s alive. 
You furrow your brow as you try to decide what to say to him.Telling Steve about his best friend would only hurt him. “My head’s foggy...” You settle on this answer, hoping that he won’t push further. Steve’s voice brings you back to the moment. “Can you remember anything else?” You bite down on your bottom lip once again, trying to put all the pieces together. “Uh. I remember cold. It was like an icebox…. Then nothing until I woke up here.” It’s obvious by the look on Steve’s face that he’s just as confused as you are. He steps away from you, turning to the stranger. “Tony, I need your word. This stays from the rest of the team until I can sort this out.”The stranger, Tony, gives a smirk. “Keeping secrets huh, Cap?” He quickly glances at you. “Whoo boy, what a Clusterfuck.” “Language!” You and Steve scold him simultaneously. You smile up at him. Old habits die hard, I suppose. Tony takes a half step back as he looks between the two of you,  a mixture of shock and incredulity on his face. “Jesus Christ. There’s two of them!” You reflexively start to scold him again but he throws up his hands.“I can’t.” He gives a chuckle and claps Steve on the shoulder. “You got this buddy. I’ll keep quiet to the team.” He turns on his heels and makes his way down the hall, still yelling ‘there’s two of them’ as he goes. Steve shakes his head fondly and moves back to you. He gently helps you back into the bed, sitting on the edge of it once you've made yourself comfortable. “This isn’t possible.” You tell him, peering up at him with misty eyes. Steve looks down at his hands, sighing softly. “The whole country mourned you. Steve, I  mourned you!” “I know.” His response is soft, infuriating you when he refuses to meet your eyes.“I don’t understand, Steve. I  heard  you go into the ice a year ago…. Have you been alive this whole time?” At that, he glances up at you. Deep cerulean eyes meet yours and you can’t help but feel your heart flutter wildly in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Eventual Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Mind Control
Fluff and Angst
Mostly Canon Compliant
Choking
Physical Abuse
Protective Steve Rogers
Dark!Steve
Breathplay
Torture
Psychological Torture
Hydra Steve Rogers
Hydra (Marvel)
Fluff and Smut
Domestic Avengers
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Kidnapping
Sadism
Anxiety Attacks
Major Character Injury
Panic Attacks
Character Death
Revenge
Depression
Survivor Guilt
Makeup Sex
Shameless Smut
Wedding Fluff
Marriage
Soulmates
Sexual Tension
Jealousy
Jealous Steve Rogers
Possessive Sex
Multiverse
Pregnancy
Trauma
Psychological Trauma
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Sexual Abuse
Past Torture
Past Domestic Violence
Abduction
Hallucinations
Attempted Sexual Assault
Assault
Non-Consensual Bondage
Non-Consensual Kissing
Daddy Steve
Home Invasion
Hostage Situations
Fluff and Humor
Brainwashing
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Attempted Murder
Psychological Drama

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

