Chapter 1: Back to Black
    




Chapter Text
"What the fuck is in a Godmother?"
Amaretto and vodka, 1/1, Clint signs back across the bar. It's easier to use his hands than yell when the place is busy, and sometimes when it's really loud he turns his hearing aids off anyway. Bucky holds up an 'ok' symbol and gets to work, dodging under Darcy's arm to grab the amaretto as she reaches up for scotch. His necklace catches on her decorative belt as he leans down, and he quickly jerks it free before the chain can snap. The dog-tags (courtesy of Steve, he used to wear them as Captain America) are fine, he knows they won't get yanked off, but he checks to make sure the AA chip is still in its holder before he goes anywhere. Steve got him a fancy one for his one-year and he doesn't want to lose it.
The club is packed tonight, being that it's a Saturday and that they've got a special live performance from the Natasha Romanov. Natasha doesn't do burlesque, as a rule, but she's agreed to do a live dominatrix demonstration and she's a big enough celebrity in niche circles that the place is full on that promise alone. Her stipulation for helping out the club tonight was that she got to choose her own sub for the demonstration, not be saddled with some random asshole audience member who might not know how to keep his hands to himself.
Clint's been wearing his collar all night, he's pretty excited.
"Hey, don't get jealous." He pokes Bucky in the arm when he catches him eyeing the collar as they restock the bar before opening. Darcy's already been tucking ones in the collar like it's a stripper's thong all day. "Nat's done this for me a few times, it'll look more professional if I know what I'm doing than having some newbie fuck up all over the stage."
Bucky shrugs and gets back to work. He doesn't tell Clint that his previous experience with dog collars is making his hands sweat and his chest tighten. Alexander Pierce flashes behind his eyes every time he catches sight of the thing, but Bucky keeps it together. He calls Steve on his smoke break and talks to his boyfriend until his heart rate comes down to normal. He's not going to relapse tonight, he's come way too far for that.
Pierce doesn't control him anymore, he's not going to let him ruin this.
Bucky's biggest vice, currently, is caffeine. He white-knuckled his way through his first few shifts at the bar with a can of Red Bull or Monster constantly at his side to swig from every time he felt a craving, and he hasn't broken the habit even if it's now easier to pour drinks all night and go home sober. He hasn't been too tempted to break his sobriety since he started working here, even if he can practically taste the booze sometimes.
His hot bouncer boyfriend makes out with him on his breaks. That helps too.
"One Godmother, thirteen bucks." Bucky thanks the guy and pockets the tip as he moves on to the next customer.
He makes good money these days, he's popular at the bar and the tips are decent. He's not as outgoing and funny as Clint, and he certainly doesn't have Darcy's assets, but he's friendly and good-looking and he can be charming as hell when he wants to be. He's good at ID-ing the middle aged women and telling them they look too young to drink, he gets a lot of tips that way. He's also not above flirting like hell with men and women alike to get tips, he takes a lot of pleasure in their expressions when Steve stops by to kiss him over the bar before he heads home after a shift. It feels good to use his looks to his advantage again, rather than have them used against him.
The bar has thrived ever since Phil and Clint closed it down for a month and completely redid the interior, re-opening it right on a holiday weekend. The place has a nineteen-forties theme now, the stages converted to a classic burlesque look and the dancers' new costumes fitting right in. Pin-up girls are stencilled on the walls, in fancy underwear rather than totally nude. Old-school glamour as far as their budget would stretch, and the customers seem to love it. Bucky especially likes the fact that their uniforms are more like costumes, shirts and suspenders and the whole old-fashioned get-up, because it means he can hide his arm brace under his shirtsleeves.
He's still kind of self-conscious about his arm, although it's been getting better since he can afford to get physiotherapy regularly. Permanent damage is still permanent, and he has to wear the brace even though he can manage to do a few things with it off now. He can't work a whole shift without the support, he tried a couple of weeks ago and Clint sent him home before he could break any more than the six glasses he'd already dropped. But as long as he can hide most of the brace under his sleeve then he's not too shy about it.
The bar lights dim suddenly and the lights on the main stage come up as music starts rolling through the speakers. Bucky has to prompt his customer to pay for his drink before he walks away, because suddenly ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Bar/Pub
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Deaf Clint Barton
Canon Disabled Character
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Abuse
Broken Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Drug Addiction
Addiction
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Sobriety
BDSM
Self-Harm
Dissociation
Therapy
Abuse
Abusive Relationships
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
bucky no
BUCKY YES
Eating Disorders
Sexual Abuse
Non-Consensual Drug Use
alexander pierce should have died slower
Rape/Non-con Elements
Brainwashing
Hand Feeding
Recovery
Victim Blaming
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis/Thor

