Work Text:
Thor first hears about the being when he is listening in on one of his fathers conversations with Tyr. He is meant to be with his tutors, learning his runes, but he has skipped out, confused as to why Tyr, the General, has come to see his father when Asgard is not actively fighting any wars. He sneaks to the door, and presses an ear to it, catching the conversation."...it does nothing but cry. Cries all day and all night. It cannot lift, it cannot carry, it can barely walk. It's only good for one thing, and even now it's too small to do so.""You must have patience." Odin says, sighing. Thor can hear the faint scratch as Odin rubs a hand down his chin. "I gave it to you for a reason, it still needs to grow to be useful. Eventually, you will not need to worry about it not performing. If it still can't, then kill it and be done.""It's just expensive." Tyr growled. "It's been stealing our tunics, trying to clothe itself.""A thing like that does not need clothes.""I now, but it seems to be under some illusion that it does, to keep warm. Although I don't see how it gets cold, being a Jötunn."Thor gave a small gasp, and immediately out a hand over his mouth to try and stem the noise. There was an actual Jötunn nearby!"You mentioned that it could change it's skin, into that of an Aesir?" Odin asked."Yes, when it wants to. We try not to encourage it.""Do try and keep your tunics away from it. I shudder to think what should happen if it actually manifested a personality." Odin said, sounding mildly amused. Tyr boomed out laughter."I shouldn't worry about that!" He said. "It doesn't speak, and any transgression it does it is rapidly punished for. If it ever got close to a personality, then we would be able to beat it out of it.""Then it sounds like it is in your hands." Odin said. Thor heard footsteps at the door and hurried backwards, but not fast enough to not be seen when the door swung open and Tyr and Odin walked out."Thor, what are you doing here?" Odin asked, sounding disappointed. Thor wrings his hands and looks down at the floor. He doesn't have any words to say. Tyr chuckles and reaches forward to ruffle Thor's blond locks."It is good to see you, young Odinson." He says. Thor beamed at him."It is good to see you too, General Tyr." "Did you come to hear about military things?"Thor quickly latches on to the excuse. "Yes! I want to be a great general one day!" Tyr laughs again."I am sure you will be!" Tyr claps Thor on the shoulder and then walks out the door, striding down the hallway. Thor watches him go, and is then scooped up by Odin. "What did you hear?" Odin asks, walking the opposite direction to the nursery. He can already hear Sif and Volstagg fighting. "Many things." Thor answers."Anything important?"Thor thinks about the Jötunn nearby, and the beating it would likely be getting in the future. He felt oddly sad."Nothing important, Father. Nothing important."  
   Thor doesn't hear about the boy for a while.But he doesn't forget.Asgard goes to war with Vanaheim when Thor reaches the equivalent age of 11, and he plays in the garden with his friends, pretending to slay dragons. Frigga sits under a tree, embroiding a piece of cloth (which will one day become Thor's cape).Thor turns to the trees, about to run into the nearby copse to hide, when he sees something move in the undergrowth. He stops, but is not noticed by the others.Two blood red objects moved, and then disappear under a blur of blue.Thor holds his breath. He looks at the objects, and they blink at him again. He is about to call out, when he hears Tyr roar something in the background. The bush rustles, and the red disappears. "What are you looking at?" Fandral comes up behind him. He sounds slightly out of breath.Thor swallows around a dry throat. He licks his lips."Just a bird."  
   Thor meets his first Jötunn when he is only a little bit older. Laufey has been commanded to come to Asgard by Odin so he can pladge his troops to Asgards war against Vanaheim. Thor stands in the greeting delegation with his friends. His mothers hand rests on his shoulder, but he can feel it clench when the continent from Jötunnheim comes closer.Laufey is leading the group. Thor sees that he is tall, taller than Odin. His skin is blue, with raised white lines on it, and he eyes are blood red. Thor remembers seeing eyes like that before, and shivers. He has no hair, and his crown is a series of brass points in his skull. He is dressed in a loin cloth, with leather arm guards and grieves. Flanking him are his sons, Helblindi and Byleistr. Helblindi is slimmer, with a longer face and slender hands. Byleistr dwarfs his father, with a body like a boulder. They walk to Odin, and kneel."Hail Odin All-Father, King of All the Realms. We have heard your call and come to pledge our armies to yours." Laufey says. Thor cannot help but notice he says this through gritted teeth. Odin waves an imperious hand and Laufey stands.He doesn't look Odin in the eye."I thank yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Torture
Rape
mute!Loki
Intersex Loki
Jötunn Loki
Loki Feels
loki!whump
Thor Is Not Stupid
Mpreg
Miscarriage
Poisoning
Starvation
Odin's A+ Parenting
Racism
Team as Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

