Chapter 1: After the Fall
    




Chapter Text

 ~=Eitho nin=~ 
~Aid Me~After the Fall* Tolkien/Movieverse-Thranduil, Legolas, Mirkwood*Marvel-Loki/Lady LokiFalling through torturous, cutting, icy air and the awful burn of it against her alabaster skin, a cold even she could feel; that was what she remembers at the forefront of her mind when her verdant eyes flicker open. The painfully bright sun forced her to close them again, fluttering her thick black lashes to shelter them from the shooting headache it caused. A weak groan rose from her lily throat as she brought a hand up to her throbbing temple. The motion was sluggish but so were the workings of her mind. She registered the burning pain just fine but the following logic of understanding the reason behind it was a far more complex problem.The black leather on her arms and waist creaked with her movement; it was still cold compared to the heavy green fabric that had taken on the warmth of the ground and she shivered - It was rare that she felt the chill so this place was either very cold or she was on the edge of illness. Whatever beating she had taken was not one meant for her svelte, delicate body or her exquisite skin. Whatever she obviously battled did not know how to properly treat a fine lady of her standing. She was a princess after all! Not that she could not battle with the best of warriors, she could and did, but bruises were not becoming.The air smells peculiar and foul as her parted lips took in a desperate gulp to her lungs. What she hoped would be soothing turned out to make it worse and she jolted upright, coughing from the thick stench and bitter taste. The gold coins and delicate chains woven into her hair jingled as she gagged. It smelled like a Bilgesnipe and her eyes opened to discover if that was indeed the problem. Her glassy eyes swept what they could of her surroundings without moving too much but she saw only open land, anomalous trees, and apparently a very stagnate pond beside her that must account for the stench. At least it was not a cluster of monsters.Loki's eyes shot open fully, her raven curls spilling off her shoulders to frame her slender face like wrinkled dark curtains. Monsters, now she remembered. Monsters ... Jotunn for example, with sharp claws and red eyes. She was a monster, she was a Laufadottir. The air suddenly seemed even harder to pull in with her throat threatening to close. Her arms coiled around her stomach as it clenched violently, a thick wave of nausea washing over her and she wound her fingers tightly into her green cape for something tangible to clutch. Wherever she was now she had come after her fight with her-with Thor on the bridge after he returned to Asgard.She slowly withered back onto the grassy spot, dry and dead grass though it was. Her head and body throbbed even more now but she could not find it in herself to conjure any magic to repair it. With her memory came the desolate, bitter feeling she had since speaking with Odin in the vault. She wished it could all have been a battle induced dream but she knew better. The despair threatened to swell within her and she could feel the sting of tears welling behind her eyes so she forced those away quickly. She had always been good at compartmentalizing and ignoring emotions she could not endure to shove them to the farthest regions on her mind.As she lie still though, she wiggled her fingers, toes, and flexed muscles to assess the damage. She lifted her legs enough to see them without excessive movement and took note with disgust that her stockings were torn, her favorites, blood made the dark material glisten. Her decorative gold belt, her vambraces, pauldrons, and armor were scuffed when she looked at them, a few dents, but nothing too horrible. After a few minutes she decided nothing especially vital had taken damage, nothing broken, or if there had been, her magic had already fixed it unbidden. Some blood had spilled, maybe a fair amount of it if all the random scrapes and the deeper cuts peppering her body were any indication. Lots of bruises and gashes but she would live; fortunately or unfortunately, whatever the case might be. They would heal quickly.Her chest heaved in a long sigh, arms draped around herself as she fingered the cloth of her once queenly cape. Queenly ... Anger sparked behind her eyes as she let memories swept through her. She had been queen since Odin slipped into slumber with her mother faithfully chained to his side and the prince was banished. It really was not fair! She had done everything, sold out her blood father and even herself to prove to Odin that she had chosen him as her father. Everything she was and could have been, she gave to that sleeping old man, but it had not mattered. Her family threw her away like an old and rusted sword they were tired of. So much for love and family! So much for loyalty!Though she had not the time to do a great deal as queen and was not exactly the most loved, she was still th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Thranduil
Lady Loki/Thranduil

freeform: 
Elven King
Pre-Hobbit
The Hobbit/Thor Crossover
Loki Angst
fem!Loki
elf!Loki
Protective Thranduil
Evil Plans
Magic-Users
Love/Hate
Loki Feels
Asgardian Magic
Complicated Relationships
Snarky Elves
Mirkwood
Slow Burn
Dark Magic
Elf Culture & Customs
Gandalf Meddles
Sassy Loki
Loki Needs a Hug
Healers
Gandalf Likes to Keep Secrets
Alandaer
Rule 63
Genderbending

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Thranduil
Lady Loki/Thranduil

