Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It starts with something in most likely the Top Ten of Depressing Places. He sits on a bench in a graveyard.It’s pretty though, looking like one of those graveyards they use at the end of some high budget Hollywood movie. Tony’s talking trimmed hedges everywhere, flowers lined up all over, up to the benches scattered around which are all painted in a bright albeit tacky green tinge. The flowers are blooming, of course, and from the far distance Tony can see a man watering a few roses next to a small grave. It leaves him with a hollow feeling in the pit of his stomach.Well, a deeper hollow pit. Yeah, maybe this isn’t the best of metaphors but sue him, English isn’t his forte.His point is that it’s a beautiful cemetery, perfect even, and all he can do is hunch in on himself in his futile attempt to stop feeling like the only ugly thing there.It’s the first time he’s visiting his parents.In Tony’s head he’s trying not to count how long it’s all been since he first heard the news of the Crash (two months six days and eight hours give or take) or when he went to the funeral (three weeks and four days). It’s hard not to though; Tony feels his mind enveloped in those dark thoughts that haven’t left him in two months six days and eight hours. It’s mostly the one thought that suffocates him though. Why was he drinking on the wheel, why was he drinking on the wheel? Why. Would. He. Do. That.Tony’s no stranger to drinking himself, having gone and done four years in college, passing with flying colors, obviously, but that’s digressing. It’s just that drinking and driving was never something he would have accused his old man of, Howard was sensible, responsible, everything Tony isn’t and never will be. 

He glances at his hand holding the fancy scotch he grabbed from Howard’s office, but instead of the urge to down the whole thing he feels guilt and nerves. Like when he used to show his creations to Howard, though he knows he doesn’t have to face any potential disapproval from him anymore. Well, he can’t face any potential disapproval. Wording changes after death, he realises, and like he said, English, not his forte at all. Tony debates with himself for a solid five minutes and then decides, fuck it. He opens the glass bottle and brings the drink to his mouth. It’s disgusting, and that makes Tony exhale a small, bitter laugh, because of course he wouldn’t like Howard’s favorite drink. He can almost hear Howard’s disappointment in the silence that follows, but Tony ignores this. Howard isn’t who he came to see.Allowing himself to think about his mot- about her, brings a fierce ache within his gut and he has to press his palms against his eyes and try to breathe steadily for quite some time, because he already feels ugly, he’s not going to have a panic attack or worse, cry, around people he doesn’t know. Then he’d feel embarrassed too, and Tony hates all kinds of public humiliation. (He’s scared to turn eighteen, when the media can print anything and everything they want. Maybe he should find a decent lawyer? He’s not sure what to do.)After a while, he manages to hold down the guttural, ugly (like him) sob that threatens to expose itself, and when a few minutes have come and gone he gives the appearance of not having a care in the world, just a young boy on a tacky green bench.And that’s where he is when he meets her.“Excuse me”, a voice near him utters softly, and it immediately brings him out of his thoughts, as effective as the girl actively bringing her hand and snapping her fingers right in front of his face. And it is a girl, a girl with a British, husky voice and yeah, it’s one of the hottest accents he’s ever heard. Tony should definitely hit up England more often in the future. He’ll bring Rhodey with him.But, hot accent or not, he is so not in one of those charming moods that his mo- that he would be convinced to play in those fake lavish parties, so he has no fucks to give to turn around and match the voice with the face. He prays to whatever god is out and about that she’ll take his sombre mood as a hint, and he’ll be left alone to down his alcohol in peace.“Yeah no, not in the chatting kind of mood. Sorry, bye, ciao, in a while crocodile.”Instead of the huff he thinks he’ll receive in response, the girl who’s literally now standing right next to him emits a gentle laugh, and he can hear the slight smile in her next words.“I understand. I was wondering if I could have a drink?”Tony is pure confusion for a split second until he remembers the bottle in his hand. In that moment he legitimately almost has a flashback of being a boy and screeching, ‘no! My toys!’ But he also remembers Howard’s eyes, all condescending and harsh, yanking the drink from his hand. ‘A man tastes proper scotch when he’s earned it.’ Well, fuck you Howard.“Here. Knock yourself out.” He says, albeit a little reluctantly, holding his arm out so she can take the drink. He then feels a dip in pressure on the bench a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Fem!Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
I Don't Even Know
Idiots in Love
Innocent Harry
Adorable Tony Stark
Running Away
Firsts
Time Skips
Drinking
Underage Drinking
whoops
Death of minor characters before story starts
Grief/Mourning
flangst
Will add more tags as the story goes
Fem! Harry
I'll change the summary when I know how to write summaries
Adding some tags

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Fem!Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

