Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
And The Wounded Sing
Part One “Say cheese!”“What?”But Darcy doesn’t explain. She just holds out her arm and a second later something like a camera shutter sounds. Then the photographer lowers the camera, and Bucky heaves a sigh, shifting beside Steve. The war machine demanded, so the war machine took, snatching their faces and their friendship with each click of the shutter. Bucky clenches his jaw and tries to focus on the photographer again, but behind him, he sees Dum Dum duck down and gather a clump of mud in his hands. A smile starts to stretch across his face as Dum Dum inches up on Falsworth, pristine in his—  “Oh, yeah. That’s going on the wall.”Bucky blinks, seventy years passing in the brief closing of his eyes. Darcy stands beside him now, rather than Steve, and they’re in her apartment in Avengers Tower, not the mud fields of war fatigued France. He stays still and tries to calm the racing of his heart. Darcy bends over her phone, a broad smile on her face. The sight soothes Bucky, it eases the tension ratcheting within him and grounds him in the here and now. “What is?” he asks.She turns toward him and holds out her phone. He glances down at the screen, sees Darcy in half the frame, the same broad grin on her face as she leans into the figure in the other half. The man there frowns as he looks at her, his face nearly obscured by a bushy beard and long, tangled hair.It takes Bucky a long moment to realize that the man with the hair is him.He doesn’t know when he last saw his reflection, not the specific year, but he knows it was still early, his hair relatively short, not Army reg but not the scraggly mess of now. One of the first times they put him in cryo then. Maybe the first, he doesn’t know, but he watches. In the glass, he watches his body freeze. The cold sets in, and his eyes widen. He lifts his hand and tries to move, but he can’t, and panic sets in as he remembers the eighth grade and Becky Johnson in the apartment below his with her bird in its cage, pale yellow wings battering the bars as it tried to—“Bucky?”He starts, his eyes snapping up to meet Darcy’s. Her grin is gone, replaced by warm eyes and a creased brow, and he hates it when she looks at him like that, when Steve does too, because it means that he’s slipped again, that he’s lost his footing in the roiling churn of his mind.Swallowing hard, he shrugs and tries to summon a smile. “Sorry. Didn’t recognize myself.” The response deepens the frown on her face, so he continues before she can comment. “What’s the wall?”Darcy narrows her eyes. He knows she’s contemplating whether to follow the former comment despite his addition of the latter. He estimates his chances at 60/40, Darcy usually more willing than Steve to abandon the two dreaded words: “You okay?” Bucky hates the question, the two words and their infinite variations as steady a presence during the past two weeks as Steve and Darcy themselves. When he stares out the window, “What’s up, Buck?” When he frowns at the coffee maker, “Everything okay?” When he doesn't sleep, “Do you want to talk about it?” He finds lying to Darcy harder than lying to Steve, so he doesn’t usually, spitting out an answer through gritted teeth. Now though, he doesn’t need to, something in his face convincing Darcy to relent. He’s not sure what. He can’t control his expression anymore, too much turbulence within for him to restrain.“It’s something that holds up a building,” she says, her brow still creased.Bucky cocks a brow at her, and her grin returns, though not as bright as before. Still, he latches onto it, to the reprieve that she gives him. His smile comes with less effort this time, though his face feels stiff. The stiffness must not show, or Darcy also lets that go, for she turns for her bedroom then, tilting her head for him to follow. He does, Darcy now one of the fixed points around which he orbits. He knows that’s why she let Thor and Jane return to London to pack her belongings for her. Darcy told him that she stayed because of her collarbone and for Tony too, already, allegedly, becoming a diva of a boss. A clever lie, one he allowed because it kept her close, it kept his anchors secure and his world from splitting apart. A sliver of guilt darts through him. He doesn’t remember being this selfish before, but before he had and for so long he hadn’t. He’s swung wildly back in the other direction, a frantic pendulum clutching on with desperate hands. In her room, they weave around the unpacked boxes to stand before the bare bed, the mattress and box spring pristine and blinding white. “That,” Darcy says, pointing before them, “is the wall.”Bucky glances where she points, at the wall opposite the end of the bed, the one perpendicular to the windows and shared with living room. He stares at it a moment before turning to her and raising his other brow. “So it is.”Darcy ignores his sass, moving instead to stand before the wall. “Soon,” she says, wav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Background Relationships
Adult Language
Angst
Bucky is MESSED UP
Disturbing dreams
Disturbing Memories
Disconnection with time
PTSD
Depression
Guilt
Support
Romance
Healing
Minor Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Friendship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

