Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky, despite standing in the back of the store staring at an entire wall of DVDs, still couldn’t quite fathom how he made it into a porn shop. Then again, there were a number of things that he couldn’t quite always imagine himself doing, and yet he happened upon such situations regardless. However, the porn shop was a new and—still undecided whether or not it was wanted—impressive feat
Yet, here he was, dressed in dark jeans, a grey t-shirt, black leather jacket, and his unruly long hair pulled back into a half-pony, staring at titles such as Pulp Friction, Requiem for a Wet Dream, and School of Cock. Some of them, whether based on title or imagery, down-right put him off his rocker, and he didn’t bother giving them a second look. There was a part of him that wanted to turn and leave, to put up a wall and forget that he—James Buchanan Barnes, sergeant dismissed from duty with honors after an injury and, though rather unrecorded, mental break brought him out of the service—was in a goddamn porn shop.
Truly, though, what was he doing here? He’d been on a walk to clear his head—something he often did since being out of the service—and had been passing down a line of shops and restaurants just off the edge of downtown; he couldn’t quite put himself into the place to handle the cars and the people, as the noise always proved a little too much.
But somehow he’d seen the store name, Gwen’s Taboo Mystique, and so he’d ventured inside. To be met with crops, dildos, women’s lingerie, plugs—both plain and jeweled and entirely obscene—lubricants of all kinds, textures, flavors, and colors, and, of course, films.
Clenching his jaw, Bucky tried desperately to think of a shameless and easy way to leave the store without attracting Miss Gwen’s eye. He didn’t belong here. Ex-military-sergeants with artificial limbs did not need to be perusing the film section of an adult store.
Deep down, though, there was something holding him in place, this much was becoming painfully certain as, despite his plans, Bucky continued to stay put in front of cheaply made DVDs. Truly it was almost nerve-wracking, standing in front of over a hundred different titles with similarly posed and casted couples leaving almost nothing to the imagination on the front cover alone. For a while he just stared, blankly, hoping that he could either find the will to leave or muck up enough courage to cover his embarrassment and just pick a goddamn movie already.
Chewing his lip nervously, Bucky looked over the titles one more time. And with each pass, he gave the women on the covers a quick once over, two second tops. But the men earned three, and for this Bucky faltered a moment. Strange, though not entirely surprising; Bucky had spent the better part of the last three years living amongst a squadron composed mostly of men—few women in the 107th, but those who were there certainly had earned their place; it wasn’t entirely uncommon for him to have given his brothers in arms a once over now and then, mostly to assure their wives over Skype calls that, yes, Mrs. Parker, he’s even more good looking now with the dirt tan and the scar on his left shoulder. He’ll be fine.
But to be here, in a porn shop, and staring similarly at the stars? That was what felt strange.
Blinking a few times and shaking his head for good measure, Bucky passed by the first half of the wall, ignoring the tightening of his throat as the preferred gender match went from man and woman to man-man-woman, to woman-woman, to man-man. And he stopped again, staring at covers with slimmed down blond men—barely men, by the looks of their baby-faces—pressed against burly, rugged, chest-hair-for-days-Lumberjack-men. And he swallowed slowly, taking in each cover before finding that air became tight and thin for a moment.
Just for a moment, Bucky had forgotten to breathe.
Sucking, quietly, a gulp, Bucky swallowed slowly again, willing the thrum in his ears to quiet as he tucked his hands into the pockets of his jacket. He walked a little further along the way; he could feel the heat on the back of his neck, the way sweat clung to the baby hairs along his forehead. This was ridiculous; he needed to leave, to go back to the cool air of Brooklyn, to get back to his apartment where he could have a nice cup of coffee or maybe a tumbler of scotch to soothe whatever feverish madness had possessed him.
And he almost did. He almost turned and left without another word, prepared to forget about his adventure into Gwen’s Taboo Mystique if not for the cover of one in particular titled The Longest Yard—oh, God, how many unsuspecting people had searched that title in hopes of finding the Sandler film? On its cover was a broad shouldered, kind-though-devilishly-smirking blond with blue eyes, dressed only in shoulder pads, strategically holding a football helmet in front of his groin. His shoulder to waist ratio alone caused Bucky to suck a breath between his teeth, never mind the tops of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Rumlow/Rogers on film
Romanoff/Rogers on film

freeform: 
AU; Bucky is a war vet and Steve is a porn star
porn au
masturbating while watching porn
Eventual Romance
PTSD
War flashbacks
limb loss flashbacks
pwp turns moderately angsty
Bondage
BDSM
use of candle wax in chapter seven
extreme graphic violence in chapter 19
Phone Sex
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
graphic content in chapter 34
impending angst
slow build over short timeline
Mutual Masturbation
Family Reunions
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Life Partners
mutual masturbation while watching porn
Rimming
Spanking
Body Worship
Scar Worship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Rumlow/Rogers on film
Romanoff/Rogers on film

