Chapter 1: Peter Parker is Not A Loser
    




Chapter Text
Peter picked at his worn sweater sleeves as the elevator traveled down to the workshop level. He had been coming pretty often now that it was summer usually at around noon until three or four o’clock. Peter had also learned the hard way to not wear clothes he cared about when his nice button-up shirt got ruined by an overexcited DUM-E carrying motor oil. Peter had expected to be going to Stark Tower or maybe even the Compound but apparently, Mr. Stark preferred to work at his family mansion in Manhattan which was nearly as big as his entire apartment building. It was still nerve-wracking coming to Mr. Stark’s workshop. What if he broke something worth more than his life? He would probably be paying for it well into his fifties. 
The elevator dinged and smoothly came to a stop at one of the lower levels that Tony had built recently. He got off the elevator and walked to the glass doors of the workshop.
“Friday is Mr. Stark available?” Peter asks.
The doors of the workshop slid open without a word from the AI.
“Peter you can just walk in. You know these visits are pre-planned,” Mr. Stark explains without turning from the work table to look at him. He wore an old band t-shirt, old oil-stained jeans, and held a red screwdriver in his hand.
Peter’s face reddens. “Uh, y-yeah Mr. Stark. Sorry, I forgot,” 
Mr. Stark snorts and beckons him over. “Lucky for you I just started working on a new project. I was thinking that we could add storage to the boots of your suit so you could store extra web cartridges. We wouldn’t want a repeat of last week’s incident.”
Peter felt his blush spread down his neck. He had been after a thief who had stolen from a local grocery store and in between buildings he had run out of web fluid and smacked straight into a wall which lead to the criminal getting away since the web cartridge had been his backup’s backup and he had forgotten to switch them out for new ones. Luckily, the thief got caught about three blocks away by the police but that hadn’t stopped Mr. Stark from relentlessly teasing him about it the next time he saw him.
“Sounds good, Mr. Stark,” Peter responds, taking a seat next to Mr. Stark on the workbench. 
They spend the afternoon perfecting the storage boots before moving on to working on a stickier web fluid formula. They’re only interrupted two hours later by Friday.
“Boss, Secretary Ross is calling again, shall I direct him to voicemail once again?” Friday asks.
Tony picks up a rag to wipe off his hands with and sighs. “I think I’ve dodged his calls enough. I wouldn’t want him to think he’s not my one and only. Plus, I think the kid and I could use some food,” Tony turns to Peter. “Do cheeseburgers sound good Pete?”
Peter looks up from where his fingers are stuck together by web fluid. “Yeah, cheeseburgers sound great.”
“Perfect, Friday put in an order from the usual place and double it Peter is a growing boy after all. Also, go ahead and transfer Ross’s call to the conference room.” Tony put his rag down and headed out of the workshop. 
Peter managed to get out of his sticky situation with the web dissolvent he luckily had nearby and used the same rag Tony had just put down to completely wipe his hands free of the chemicals he had been working with. He took off his safety goggles and started to put the materials and chemicals he had been using away. Mr. Stark was a real lifesaver he had no idea what he would have done when he was out of school and unable to use the science lab there to make more web fluid. The science lab already started to be a suspicious spot after he had snuck in there during academic decathlon practice and MJ caught him in there. His backpack hadn’t fully recovered from the web fluid cartridges he threw in there and spilled. He stuttered his way through a lie about the last period chemistry class not cleaning up the chemicals and beakers to explain why he was surrounded by them. 
Luckily, MJ believed him or just didn’t care enough to call him out on his lie. Peter had thought that their friendship had advanced past that point. MJ would now say more than a sentence to him a day which was a pretty big deal for him considering that Ned and him would only occasionally get a “You guys are weird” from her last year. Regardless of what he might tell Ned, he was more than a little excited that MJ was starting to talk to him more and he’s picked up his phone more than once with the idea in his head to ask MJ if she would like to go hang out with him and Ned too of course. Just him and MJ going out might seem a little too much like a date or something. not that Peter would be completely opposed to the idea but he knew that Ned would never let him hear the end of that.
“The food has been delivered if you would like to head to the kitchen,” Friday says.
“Yeah thanks, Friday,” Peter replies.
Peter closes the chemical cabinet and makes his way towards the kitchen. Sitting on the kitchen counter is a st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Edwin Jarvis & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Howard Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Teen Peter Parker
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Young Howard Stark
BAMF Edwin Jarvis
Jealousy
Angst
Fluff
Light Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mild Hurt/Comfort
petey boy time travels and tony goes after his son
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Rated T for language

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Edwin Jarvis & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Howard Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark

