Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony’s not nervous. He is calm and collected as he rides up the elevator, hands in his pockets and tinted glasses set on his nose.“I still don’t think this is a good idea,” says Bruce. The elevator is large enough and strong enough to carry a loaded military jeep that’s armed to the teeth, so in theory Bruce could green out in here, but Tony would rather he doesn’t.“Going into the main building, or joining the Avengers?” Tony asks.“Both. But more on the second one.”“You don’t actually have to. Just tell ‘em you’re having more fun hanging out with me next door. Which is true.”“You think they would?” Bruce perks up, before remembering himself. “They probably just want to keep me around to keep an eye on me.”“Is that a bad thing, though?”Bruce’s face twists. His hands are restless, grasping and ungrasping in their open anxiousness, and for a hot second there Tony envies the guy. The most that Tony is allowing himself today is the tapping a finger against his hip, following a drumbeat that siphons the noise in his head into a manageable, recognizable tune. Other than that, Tony is perfectly poised. He’s even bothered dressing for the occasion, with pressed slacks and a jacket over his Steve McQueen shirt, which is all the better to thwart possible snide comments from Fury about dress codes.“Guess not,” Bruce says just as the elevator comes to a stop. “And I am having fun next door.”“Naturally,” Tony says.The doors open, and they step out onto the communal floor of what is the main Avengers building.There are four buildings in the compound itself (main building, R&D, admin and warehouse), whereby each is at varying levels of completion, and most of them still smell of construction dust and paint. This building, though, and especially this floor that is to be main living area for the team, is in full working order and ready for moving in. Some of them have already moved in, too: Bruce has the room closest to an emergency side exit, while Rhodey has one on the upper floor that comes with its own landing pad.Bruce, who misreads Tony’s quick glance around the room, says: “You haven’t been up here yet?”“Nah.” Tony points a thumb at the kitchen counter, where Helen’s rummaging through the cabinets. “That’s a good coffee machine, though. Why don’t we have one in the science building? I’m getting on requisition.”There are other people gathered here already, all of them familiar and chatting amongst themselves as they wait. There’s Helen, Maria, Jimmy, that IT guy whose name Tony still can’t remember, and a couple of other former SHIELD agents who have also taken up residency. Over by the window is Nick Fury himself, a dramatic figure of black against the glare of the view outside, his hands clasped behind him.For lack of something better to do, Tony does a quick sweep of the floor itself: the open space feels welcome instead of cold, the furniture looks cozy, the TV’s a swank model, and there are speakers at various dots along the ceiling for compound-wide announcements. Tony may have had a great deal of say in what R&D building was to be, but the main building is beyond that scope and he’s curious. Like, what do you stock in a kitchen that’s supposed to feed a bunch of superheroes that are going to be living together on the semi-regular? Tony thinks the Klein kid had the job of figuring that out, which must’ve been fun. Not that it matters if he gets stuff wrong, though, because everyone here is figuring it out as it goes along and fully expect to course-correct when necessary.These are all good thoughts for Tony to be having. Good, useful thoughts that keep his brain away from other thoughts, such as how Tony doesn’t really need to be here. He’d delivered Bruce, just like he told Hill he would, and it’s going to get even more crowded soon, and Rhodey isn’t even here.“Not bad,” Tony says. “Clean lines and subdued color schemes, my favorite.”Bruce huffs a laugh, while Maria says without looking up from her tablet, “Fourth floor’s still a question mark, but everything else is looking good.”“Training hall’s going to need a lot of changes,” Bruce says. “I’m just. Saying.”“You’ll be fine.” Tony glances at his watch. “Rhodey not back yet?”“No, but he’s on his way,” Maria says.Tony considers his options. The main thing is that Fury’s here in person, which drives home the Big Deal of everyone being here, and would thus make a quiet exit for Tony unlikely. Working with Fury (sort of) these past few years have given Tony a good handle on when to nudge and when to let go. A landmark event like the Avengers officially setting up shop – Fury’s dream since the days of Captain Danvers – probably does require an audience, and not only because Fury is tragically addicted to drama.Sure, Tony’s presence is superfluous without Rhodey, but that might also just be his brain trying to wriggle out an excuse.Tony should be here. He’s going to be here for the foreseeable future, save for his trips out whenever SI call
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Persuasion Fusion
Past Bad Break Up
Slow Burn
Reunion
Overhearing Conversations You're Not Supposed To
Getting Back Together
Happy Ending
Tony isn't Iron Man
Steve isn't from the 1940s
Tony POV
Woobie Tony
Hurt Steve
PTSD Elements
Panic Attacks
Past minor character death
Schmoop
Romance
Pining
Exes Have to Work Together

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

