Chapter 1: Premonitions
    




Chapter Text



  Everything was black around her. Not dark, not night time- just black. 

  She stood silently, trying to see something other than the inkiness. 


  “Hello?” Her voice was swallowed by the void. 


  She turned around, in a full circle. All around her there was nothing but black. 


  Then she heard it. A litany of whispers, like dry leaves rustling in wind. They were calling her name. 

  “Hello?” She called again. Panic began to set in. Forget the where part - why was she here? Was there no one else around? “HELLO?!”

  The whispers continued. She looked frantically, turning this way and that, searching for something other than blackness. 


  Then she saw it. A lone figure, walking in the direction opposite her. Tall, confident, red cloak fluttering in the non-existent wind. He was a little far, but she would know that person anywhere. 


  “Stephen!” She called, relief breaking through the panic. “Stephen, wait up!”


  He gave no indication he heard her, but she started jogging anyway. Maybe he knew something about this place.


  “Stephen!” She yelled again, louder this time. 


  He didn’t turn. 

  Something cold grew in her chest. He couldn’t not have heard her, no way. Sound couldn't travel in vacuum, but this wasn't a vacuum, they were breathing, they had air. So why...? 

  “Stephen, wait!” She cried. “Please.”


  She wasn't getting any closer, she realized. He was just as far away as he'd been when she first caught sight of him. 

  “Stephen! ” 

  He stopped and she dared to hope. He turned towards her. She was too far to see his eyes, but something about the way his body was postured made her slow down to a stop. 

  “Stephen? ” This time, it was nothing more than a whisper. 

  He stood still, a stoic figure. Never had he held himself so stiffly, so defensively, in front of her. His inaction rankled.


  “Lady Stark,” a voice spoke behind her, cool and familiar, but ragged. 


  She turned to see another man, a god. “What?” She asked weakly, confused. 


  “This is a dream,” he explained. He looked haggard, though it showed only in his eyes. “Though, I am real. I would apologize for intruding, but I have a warning and neither of us have much time left.”


  “What?” She repeated. 


  Green eyes regarded her sadly. “He is coming,” he said quietly. 


  She didn’t understand. The way he said those words felt urgent, like she should know, like there was something to be done. But she looked back at the far away figure and crushing loneliness filled her with despair. 


  “It is time to wake up, milady,” the god said, almost gentle. 


  She wanted to protest, but the ground started to shake. She looked away again to ignore the god. “Stephen!” She screamed, trying to get a reaction out of him, as she struggled to keep her balance. But she lost her footing as the earthquake grew stronger and as her knees hit the ground, the man who loved her turned his back and walked away. 

 

 
  Toni didn't have loud nightmares, not like Stephen. When she dreamed, she was quiet, all soft whimpers and breathy pleas.
  Nevertheless, Stephen would kick himself if he could, for not waking up the moment Toni left the bed. As it was, he couldn’t be entirely sure what had woken him up. Maybe the lack of warmth when he’d subconsciously tried to press his cold feet into Toni’s calves. 
  “Toni?” He called softly, when he found the room empty. 
  With a frown, he saw why he’d been feeling cold; the balcony was open, curtains swaying in the light breeze. 
  Swinging off the bed and shaking off the remaining vestiges of sleep, he pulled on a pair of sweats and made his way across the master bedroom of Toni’s Florence mansion. (“Palazzo di Carbonell,” Toni had said with a smirk, Italian rolling off her tongue with the liquid smoothness that she’d quickly discovered made Stephen’s toes curl. “Era la casa d'infanzia di Maria. Non ho mai passato molto tempo li', ma e ' bellissimo per una vacanza.”) 
  Sure enough, he found Toni leaning against the railing, dressed only in Stephen’s shirt, which was long enough on her to reach halfway to her knees and hang off her frame. She was looking out at the city with a glass of champagne in her hands, her other fingers twisting idly as her eyes probably gleaned blue. Knowing she had already picked up on his presence (Extremis made it so damn difficult to surprise her), he didn’t worry about startling her, just coming behind her to place his hands on her hips.
  “Can’t sleep?” He asked, pressing a gentle kiss to her bare shoulders. 
  She shivered under the touch of his lips, leaning back into his chest. The blue faded from her eyes. She only hummed in agreement. 
  “What were you working on?” He asked, snagging her glass to take a sip. 
  “The vibranium-starkanium melding,” she answered easily, if a little shame-faced. “Vision sent me an email after working with Shuri for a bit. Apparently, the mixture could potentially be a conduit for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
Team Dynamics
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Everyone is Dead
Time Travel
Fix-It of Sorts
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Adopted Child
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts as Rescue
Scott Lang is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Tony Is a Good Bro
Everyone Needs A Hug
Temporary Character Death
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Team Captain America Friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

