Chapter 1: An act of kindness
    


Summary:

Thor has lost all who are dear to him: his father, his mother and his little brother. The loss leaves his empty and cold.That is until one woman tries to comfort him out of the kindness of her heart. A kindness that the golden king soon becomes addicted to.



Notes:
This first chapter is all set up with a beginning of just pure exposition. I wrote it like that in order to get to the smut faster. First chapter is very tame, but trust me, you're in for a ride ;)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Thor, as King of Asgard, had been on Midgard for a few weeks, doing business with the most important political figures in said realm. In front of all of them, he showed clear confidence and knowledge of what he was doing and talking about. At least that was the facade he put on.The past few months hadn't been easy for Thor. After Loki found out about his true heritage, he sided with the frost giants to kill Odin. His plan succeeded, but he was betrayed himself. After killing Loki, king Laufey had moved on to find Thor and his mother Frigga, intending to kill both and take over Asgard's throne. Thor was able to stop the latter from happening, but it was his mother he couldn't save. He had lost his entire family within the span of a few hours. And Laufey somehow managed to escape Thor's grasp.Needless to say it took a hard toll on Thor and his mental state. It had been a few months since everything went down, and yet the unending feeling of cold emptiness hadn't subsided. It was all Thor knew nowadays.He had long been looking forward to becoming king, ever since he was a child even. But not like this. He was crowned mere days after the loss of his family, simply because Asgard needed a leader in those dark, uncertain days.Thor, as the new king of the golden realm, immediately declared war on Laufey, and Jötunheim as a whole. That was Thor's whole reason for his visit to Midgard. Though it was overall quite an insignificant place, it housed a few beings powerful enough to catch his attention. He needed as many warriors and realms on his side for this war as he could possibly get. The frost giants had had thousands of years to prepare for this battle and if Heimdall's vision was to be believed, and it most certainly was, they were more ready than ever.Thor had finished another long day of listening to Midgardian politicians yell at each other about "the dangers of making deals with a guy claiming to be a god when we know nothing about his home!". Forget about making this a quick visit.The people of this realm had at the very least gifted Thor a nice chamber to stay in. It was inside what they called a "hotel". It was quite small compared to his chambers on Asgard, but he didn't bother complaining.The day had been long and Thor was tired. All he wanted was to drown his sorrows with some good drinks and cry himself to sleep again.
He struggled with the door's keycard for a moment, the tears blurring his vision were not making it any easier.When he finally got in, he dropped Mjolnir down and, accidentally, slammed the door shut. When he did so he was met with a yelp coming from inside the room.
Thor summoned Mjolnir back up to his hand, ready to strike at the intruder. He slowly walked around the corner as he lifted his mighty hammer and-"I'm so sorry... your highness." There was a small woman standing in front of him with quite the shocked expression. "You've returned earlier than expected. I'll leave immediately." She said.From the looks of it the lady had been there to clean the room. Thor was used to having maids back home so he wasn't weirded out.He wordlessly dropped Mjolnir again, the bang of it hitting the ground made the maid-lady flinch. He walked over to the little cooling cabinet where the drinks were kept. He grabbed what he had been told to be alcohol, clumsily opened up the bottle and downed it in a single gulp.It was doing nothing for him. Midgardians were way weaker than Asgardians and so was their liquor.In his frustration Thor threw the bottle at the wall across from him, where it promptly shattered.The woman had her back turned when this happened and again let out a high pitched noise as a response.Thor saw her from the corner of his eye; she seemed eager to leave.He couldn't tell you why, but this only made him all the more angry.In a blind rage he kicked the mini fridge hard enough to shatter its glass door. Next he pushed some stuff off of some shelves and punched a hole right through the wall.Then he stopped.And it was quiet.Why had he just done those things? He would never understand.Thor didn't realize he had started crying again, until he was on his knees. He wasn't a loud cryer, but in all the silence it was more than clear.He was so confused with his own actions. He hated everything that had happened, but perhaps more so how it all affected him."Sir..." Thor had completely forgotten about the lad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Broken Thor
Sad Thor
Dark Thor
Loki is dead
frigga is dead
Odin is dead
Basically everyone is dead
Grief/Mourning
Drinking
Crying
Depression
Coping
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Thor uses sex to cope
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
handjobs
Forced Relationship
Sexual Slavery
Master/Slave
Rape/Non-con Elements
Smut
Oral Sex
Blowjobs
Rough Oral Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Rough Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Doggy Style
Face-Fucking
Dry Humping
Wall Sex
Bath Sex
Under-Desk Blow Jobs
Marathon Sex
Unrealistic Sex
Cockwarming
Come Swallowing
Stomach Bulge
Lots of Cum
Gags
Riding
Edging
Overstimulation
Begging
Dirty Talk
Size Difference
Size Kink
Light Bondage
Hair-pulling
Objectification
Obsession
Manipulation
Gaslighting
Conditioning
Desperation
Sex Addiction
Stress Relief
Barebacking
Praise Kink
Eventual Fluff
Porn With Plot
War
Public Sex
Obsessive Behavior
Dubious Consent
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Orgasm Denial
Semi-Public Sex
Power Dynamics
Come Eating
use of Y/N
Multiple Orgasms
No Safeword
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Object Insertion
Object Penetration
Some Physical Abuse
slight pregnancy kink
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Mind Manipulation
Partial Mind Control
Bittersweet Ending
Loki Is A Little Shit (Marvel)
Shapeshifting

fandom: 
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

