Chapter 1: In which Thor throws a bus at your head
    




Chapter Text
Your day had actually been going quite well. That should have been the first warning sign that things were about to go horribly wrong.You’d thankfully managed to avoid conversation with your foster parents as you had left the flat before they’d woken up this morning, and your college professor had given your latest project a glowing review, something you’d been stressing about a lot recently. It was pay day, which meant you were one step closer to finally being able to buy your own apartment and, most importantly, today marked one month with no sign of the purple mist.  You should have guessed that it was too good to be true. It was half past five on Friday afternoon, and you were slowly making your way from college back to the flat, taking the longest route through the streets of New York as possible.  It had always been just a flat rather than a home, you’d never truly felt at home there. Or anywhere else, really. You were walking slowly because you knew what was waiting for you - the price to pay for walking out without saying anything this morning. It was stupid, you weren’t afraid anymore, but the thought of going back to that place made you so depressed.This was what you were thinking about when you heard the screams. They were quickly followed by a loud screech of metal and a cry of “look out!”  You spun around right in time to see a bus flying through the air towards you.There was no time to think, no time to yell or run, just a split second of disbelief before the bus was on top of you. More screaming. That might have been you, but you had just had a bus thrown at you to be fair. What a way to die. But… how were you still thinking if you were dead? Slowly cracking your eyes open, you exhaled heavily, your heart racing.You were inside the bus. Surrounded by the purple mist. There was a hole in the side of the bus which you had somehow just broken through inside your protective purple bubble of a shield.Guess it was back to zero days of no mist.You could hear panicked voices from outside, probably coming from the people who had apparently just seen a girl crushed by a bus. Suddenly the bus was lifted clean off of the floor and moved away from you; the purple mist disappeared. There were gasps of shock from the people who had gathered around the scene, which you initially thought were directed at you.“Apologies, I don’t usually make a habit of throwing vehicles on top of innocent bystanders.”You turned around to see where the deep voice had come from, and came face to face with a very large, very solid chest. Looking up, your eyes met a pair of bright blue ones, surrounded by a mass of long blonde hair. You’d just had a bus thrown at you by Thor. As in, Thor from the Avengers. God of Thunder.“Er, no worries.” you replied, and immediately cursed yourself for being so socially awkward. “Yes, Stark, I’m still here... yes!” Thor said loudly and suddenly, pressing a finger to his ear. Great. He was on the phone to Tony Stark. He’d probably heard what you’d said too. That was mortifying.“Farewell.” Thor said to you, and launched himself into the sky to who knows where.“Bye.” you said weakly to the empty spot in front of you. You needed to sit down. Ignoring all the people around you who were still staring and pointing, you hurried away from the scene and collapsed on the first bench you came to, thoroughly shaken. Never mind Thor, the purple mist had just saved your life. You’d lived in constant fear of it, and it had just saved your ass from literal death. You needed to get back to your room, maybe it was time to find out some more about the mist.You took a deep breath as you walked up the stairway of your block of flats, bracing yourself as you approached your flat, and unlocked the door. The minute you walked in, you were confronted.“And where have you been?”“At college.”“College finished ages ago, don’t think you can lie to me young lady!”You stood there and allowed your foster ‘dad’, if you could even call him that, to yell at you, as you had so many times before. You tuned out, as you so often had, and thought instead about your encounter with Thor earlier on. Odd for him to have just brushed off the fact that you hadn’t been squashed by that bus. Although, he was probably used to seeing weird things like that.“Are you even listening to me?”He’d been drinking again. He was loud when he was drunk. You hated it. Hated him.“What, are you deaf now? Answer me!”A sudden wave of rage coursed through you, and you felt an odd burning sensation behind your eyes, almost like you were about to start crying. You blinked hard, and looked up at the man who had ‘raised’ you, the man who had made your childhood a misery.He stumbled backwards into the wall, his expression changing from anger to shock to revulsion. You weren’t sure what had made him react like that, but it had shut him up, so you sure as hell weren’t complaining.“Sorry.” you said bl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Reader/Loki

freeform: 
Fanfiction
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Reader-Insert
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Fluff
Angst
massive slow burn
loki slow burn
Meant To Be
i can't believe how long this fic went on for but here we are
equal amounts of fluff and angst i think but like they come in HUGE portions
lots of pain to be had here
the name is almost as cliche as the plot so
have funn

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Reader/Loki

