Chapter 1: Tic, Tic, Tic
    


Summary:


Chapter song: Tic, tic, tic






Chapter Text
    
Present Day
  So he’s lying on his belly. Lying on his belly in an air duct that, let’s face it, was too small for him when he wasn’t in the radiation suit. And he’s lying on his belly in the air duct in a radiation suit and there’s a weight on his back, and there’s a metal arm around his neck and Clint Barton knows that there are times there’s just nothing you can do about the way things go, that there are, well, there are just some times you lose. There are those times when you find yourself with a super-soldier sitting on your back with his arm around your neck and your favourite paring knife poised to cut open your radiation suit and you know you’ve been had and you, well you find yourself thinking, Okay but seriously, seriously this was not how it was supposed to go.  
   
Six Weeks Ago
Clint’d been discharged from the hospital with a pamphlet about ASL, a prescription for painkillers, and a tiny percentage of hearing left in one ear, and nothing at all in the other. Well, it wasn’t like it was the first time he’d had his ass handed to him and lived to (kind of) regret it. And it wasn’t the first time he’d done without hearing. They didn’t call him Owlear, they called him Hawkeye, and his eyes were just fine, thankyouverymuch.It was right about the time Steve was starting to have a hard time with Bucky. While he’d been out of action, SHIELD, or more likely Nat and a handful of trusted underlings (probably Sam and Steve) had brought Bucky Barnes in from the cold, or in from wherever the hell he’d been (on second thought, Nat had come back tanned and freckled and carrying a large white hat under her arm, so probably not literally in from the cold. Anyway.) and the clearance stuff and the hospital stuff and the PTSD stuff was all looking good. Until it suddenly wasn’t anymore.Clint, being a sucker, had seen the look of exhausted heartbreak on Steve's face one afternoon when Clint was going in for yet more hearing tests and Steve was stalking like a ghost outside the mental health offices. So Clint, being a little soft in the head, said, "Look man, if there’s anything I can do…" and left it at that, because, Jesus. What could Clint Barton, ex-carnie and world champion pain in the ass, recovering from biting off more Russian Mafia than he could chew, possibly offer Captain America?But Steve had brightened and said, “Actually, there is something. He's retreating. It was good for a while and it's bad again. I can't reach him. He’s alone and he won't let anybody in. He needs someone who's not a therapist and not me. He needs something that keeps his mind busy. Everybody knows about the Winter Soldier, but Bucky was head of his class most years. This boredom is at least as bad for him as anything else…” and then he turned his head so Clint couldn’t see what he was saying any more but when he looked back his baby blues are approximately as wet as the Pacific and he was saying, “So I thought maybe baking, because it’s precise? If you could.”Clint blinks.“What?”Steve flushes red. “Sorry,” he says, mouthing a little excessively. “I forgot. Maybe baking.”“Baking?”Steve nods.“You want me to bake with Bucky Barnes?”“Natasha says you’re really good at it. And… and I need to give him something he can do safely, in the tower, with people I can trust.”Clint frowns. “Is this a bet?”Steve shakes his head but Clint doesn’t trust it. Oh he knows Cap has a hard time spinning fables, but he also knows that Bucky Barnes pulled his ass out of the fire more often than not before the war, and Tony once told him that Cap had spent a whole month pretending to have no ability to operate his Starkphone just so that he could effectively sabotage Tony’s phone when he left it unattended.No shit, Barton, Tony'd told him. Changed my passwords to “I<3Dum-E”, changed the background to a picture of a bagel, set my ring tone to “Never Going to Give You Up” when Pepper phoned.  He’d sighed and shaken his head, angry and impressed in the way only Tony Stark could ever manage to be and said, Rickrolled by Captain America. Can you imagine the shame? And Clint had had to admit that the whole thing was pretty damn impressive.So he doesn’t really trust Steve Rogers. Captain America? Sure. But Steve Rogers? Ehh. Probably not. Not as blindly as maybe he did before, anyway. And, frankly, he hadn't meant to really offer. It was supposed to just be a nice gesture. But he had offered, and Steve had asked. So. Well. Sometimes you just had to get on doing what you said you’d do. After all, how hard could it possibly be?“Sure, yeah, whatever,” Clint says, shrugging even though his shoulders, both of them, still hurt. “Where?”“Tony’s said there’s a set of test kitchens on the 33rd floor. It’s…” he shrugs, mimicking Clint as he does. “It’s secure there. But there are still going to be knives and things.”“Yeah, and don't forget the Winter Soldier and his arm.”Steve smile
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Deaf Clint Barton
Getting Better Bucky Barnes
Baking
Not Canon Compliant
not anything compliant
looking for sensible fic?
don't look here
I jumped that shark a long time ago
Food
friend fic
rage baking
Recipes
Music
some shootsuit
some stucky
things getting out of hand
Canon-Typical Violence
Wartime Bucky
Time Travel
Bad Science
casual mention of suicidal thoughts
SPAM
wholesale ignoring of canon
retconning like a boss
Past Child Abuse
Clint Barton Feels
kid!Clint
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Ableism
Bucky Barnes is a badass
radiation suits
Hostage Situations
really bad radiation safety protocols
Guns
Terrible Jokes
bananas stuffed in pants
fruit misuse
Sleepy Cuddles
Clint Barton: Little Shit
Complete
whose cuisine reigns supreme

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

