Chapter 1: Vibrators
    




Chapter Text

Vibrators

“It’s almost in kid. Your doing so good for me.” Tony encouraged as he slowly eased the monstrous vibrator into Peter’s hole.
“You r-really should” Peter couldn’t help but let out a small gasp as the toy touched his prostate. “S-should stop calling me kid while where f-fucking.”
“Technically we aren’t fucking right now.” Tony hummed, still quite amazed as the plastic toy the size of his wrist managed to fit completely into Peter's arse hole. “How does it feel?”
Peter stayed on his back for a second, getting used to the feeling inside of him. “Like I’ve been skewered.”
Tony couldn’t help but let out a laugh. “Good.”
Peter smiled a bit too through the sweat and overall desperation that was surrounding him.
“Do you think you can walk babe?” Tony asked. He reached out his hand and slowly helped the naked boy to his feet. Peter winced a few times while the toy adjusted but he ended up in a standing position.
Tony tried not to laugh as he saw the concentration on the boy’s face. It really shouldn’t be funny, but Peter really looked too adorable.
Eventually Peter took a few steps forward and let out a moan. “M-mr. Stark.”
“If I can’t call you kid then you can’t call me Mr. Stark.” Tony pointed out as he walked up to Peter and wrapped his arms around him from behind. Tony rubbed over Peters belly and felt the clear bulge of the dildo poking at his stomach. “Fuck. I can feel it Petey.”
“P-please.” Peter moans as Tony continued to let his hands roam, getting closer and closer to Peters cock.
Tony teased him for a second more before he quickly pulled away. “Alright kid! We’ve got a meeting with the rest of the Avengers today! You better get dressed.”
“What?! No! Please Mr. Stark. I need you so bad.” Peter whined but Tony was already helping Peter into his nerdy chemistry t-shirt that he had had on earlier.
“Nope. No ifs, ands, or buts. And if you would like me in YOUR cute little butt tonight, I suggest you hurry up.” Tony laughed.
‘Great.’ Peter thought. This was going to be a long day.
--
“Are you alright kid?” Steve whispered, looking up from the doodle he had been doing on a spare napkin. They were currently sitting with the rest of the Avengers around a large table discussing a potential threat. Tony was taking forever with the presentation.
“Y-yeah. F-fine.” Peter stuttered out, his voice a but more high pitched than usual.
“You sure? You seem kind of pale.” Steve said with a worried frown.
“I’m sure. I-” Peter started.
“Mr. Parker.” Tony said, drawing the attention of all the heroes to the teen who was so stuffed he could barely concentrate. “What seems to be so important that you need to interrupt our meeting?”
Peter met Tony’s eyes. The older man had a devilish gleam in his eyes. “N-nothing M-mr. Stark.” Peter mumbled out, keeping his eyes on the table. “S-sorry.”
Tony nodded and continued his talk.
The inventor watched as Peter squirmed around the entire meeting. The boy couldn’t sit still and if Tony looked close enough, he could still see the slight imprint of the dildo through Peter’s tight shirt. The kid was so fucking hot. It took everything in Tony not to bend him over right then and there. But he waited.
Peter seemed to have finally gotten used to the intrusion in his arse about an hour into the meeting. Tony was now sat at the head of the table, a few spots from Peter as Thor began talking about some intergalactic peace meeting. To be honest Tony wasn’t listening. He was staring at Peter, waiting for just the right moment…
“Fuck!” Peter yelled loudly making everyone turn to him, all extremely concerned. It was not often the boy swore. Tony decided it was warranted this time thought as the genius had just send a wave of vibrations through the boy using the remote he had tucked in his pocket.
“Peter! Are you ok?” Natasha said at the same time Steve shouted “Language!”
“Y-yeah! I-I’m f-fin-” Peter was cut off again but the vibrations but this time Tony left them on. The older man watched as Peter internally struggled to stay composed, sweat was beginning to form on his face.
“Shout we take him to med bay?” Clint asked.
“N-no!” Peter said. He looked like he wanted to say more but Tony knew he was holding back moans.
“I’ll take him.” Tony finally spoke up. He stood and walked over to Peter, grabbing one of his arms and slinging it over his neck, helping him walk out of the room. Just as the door closed behind them Tony turned the vibration settings up to full blast.
Peter full on collapsed, shaking and moaning and swearing. Luckily, Tony was their to catch him. He lifted the overstimulated boy up bridal style and quickly carried him to the nearest available room which happened to be an unused office.
The second Tony set Peter down, the boy began try to rip his close off. “F-fuck! T-tony! Can’t_ Wait!” He yelled out.
“Okay okay.” Tony said, aiding Peter in his mission to be naked and doing the same to himself. “You were so good for me Pete. So strong. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
peter/steve/thor/tony/clint
Peter Parker/Vision
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Smut
All smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Vibrators
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Fisting
Double Penetration
Boypussy
Sounding
Watersports
Rough Sex
Public Sex
Gangbang
Semi-Public Sex
Quiet Sex
Bathroom Sex
Mirror Sex
Quickies
Mommy Kink
Sex Tapes
Loss of Virginity
Virginity Kink
Group Sex
Drunk Sex
Sex competition
Creampie
Cum Eating
Squirting
domination by a patriarchal figure
Daddy Kink
Exhibitionism
Threesome - M/M/M
Revenge Sex
Payback Sex
Cuckolding
Elevator Sex
Trapped In Elevator
Accidental Penetration
stuck
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Denial
Orgasm Control

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
peter/steve/thor/tony/clint
Peter Parker/Vision
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov

