Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Look, Tony had solid reasons for installing that camera. The kid was a menace to himself, and while he had handled the whole Vulture situation, he hadn’t come out of it unscathed and that didn’t mean he wouldn’t get himself into more trouble in the future. Especially since he had turned down Tony’s offer to join the Avengers and was therefore not being supervised.
So Tony decided to do his own supervision, without Peter’s knowledge, because if Peter knew, well he might hide things or change his behavior. He had proven a willingness to be nefarious when he pulled the tracker out of his suit after all.
Installing the tiny camera had been simple and his bedroom seemed an obvious choice since he still seemed insistent on May not knowing about his Spiderman adventures. He managed to convince his Aunt that he didn’t need the bunkbeds anymore about a week after Tony had put the camera in and it caused the older man a bit of concern that the device would be found while the bed was being moved, but alas, no one had spotted it and now his view of the room included a new single bed right in the centre of his screen.
For the first few days, it was as boring as hell watching the kid. Yeah he still went out and did his friendly neighborhood Spiderman routine and Tony kept a peripheral eye on him when he did that but instead of interesting plans or skulduggery, all he got of Peter at home was him sitting on his bed doing homework or him building complicated Lego sculptures with his buddy Ned.
Ned who inexplicably was able to talk even more and faster than Peter could. Tony hadn’t thought it possible but within a day he started to mute the sound on the video when he saw the kid come into the room.
He found having the video on weirdly soothing though, despite its lack of interesting content and would put it on while working in his lab alone. The new Avengers compound had everything he could ever want, except people he wanted around. Pepper and Happy were always busy it seemed and with the mess that had come of the fight with Steve, Tony had been gently relegated to research and development work instead of administration. He didn’t mind, he was always happier working with his hands than shaking hands.
So for two solid weeks after installing the camera, Tony would put the feed on while he was in the lab tinkering around with some vague idea or project or whatever.
He hadn’t expected Peter to be so boring, but figures he should have. The kid was 16, he was hardly going to be doing crazy shit like bringing porn stars home or stumbling in drunk, though Tony remembers doing those things himself at that age. But Pete was a good kid, got good grades and worked hard at them while being a polite and attentive nephew to his Aunt who he clearly adored.
It’s a Saturday night when it finally stops being boring.
Tony had been working in the lab for a while, the feed from Peter’s bedroom on mute most of that time due to Ned being there talking a mile a minute. The two of them appeared to have been diligently working on building a replica death star for most of the day but Tony doesn’t even notice when Ned leaves or how late it’s getting until he glances up at the screen several hours later and notices that Peter is in bed sleeping.
Then he spots some movement and realizes he’s not sleeping.
Glancing at the clock, he barely notes the after midnight hour before tapping the volume button on the screen to get the sound back and his ears are immediately filled with the sound of Peter panting softly, slightly erratically, in a very tell tale way. He’s on his back on the bed, chin tilted up as his head presses into his pillow and the movement of his hand under the blanket makes it pretty obvious what he’s doing.
Tony immediately fills with embarrassment, knowing that he shouldn't be watching this because Peter didn’t even know he was being watched and it was just wrong. His hand shoots out to turn the screen off, give Pete privacy but then Peter moans softly, legs shifting as his hand picks up speed and Tony’s hand stops in midair, eyes transfixed as he watches. Peter moans again, back now arching slightly as he gasps a few times, hips jolting as he reaches his climax. His body keeps moving lithely as he comes down from it, one hand reaching for tissues to clean up with and Tony wishes the blankets weren’t covering him, so he could have watched it all happen properly. His mouth is dry and he’s half hard in his pants and feeling all kinds of guilty but doesn’t really care either. It’s not like Pete knew right?
He spends the rest of the next day weighed down with the guilt but also feeling weirdly anticipatory. He finds himself drawn even more to watching the feed, especially at night and goes to some lengths to isolate a small room that he claims he wants for more delicate work involving lasers and whatever else he can feasibly get others to believe will require a windowless room. He sets it up comfortably with a much la
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Blow Jobs
Mutual Masturbation
Masturbation
Rimming
Lonely Tony Stark
Falling In Love
Hurt/Comfort
illegal relationship
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
there is no cheating in this fic

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

